
to take her place. For the same purposes the road should be fully supplied with light pole-cars at short and convenient distances along its length. These are lighter and more easily operated than handcars, which are also useful. Tar barrels or other materials for beacon fires might also be advantageously placed at convenient stations on the road, to give warning to the neighborhoods, to be fired only by the subaltern officers of the Army or of the railroad when ordered.

Third. Every bridge and important culvert on the road should be guarded day and night by at least two well-armed watchmen, to protect them from being fired or blown up or otherwise injured by emissaries of the enemy. These watchmen should also be furnished with means of obstructing or breaking up the track at a short distance from their bridge or culvert when they have received orders to do so through the alarm engine or pole-car, so as to give them time, after the enemy is certainly and actually near at hand, to destroy or weaken, by burning, blowing up, or sawing timbers, their bridge or culvert, under others of their superior railroad officer or of the military commander for the district. But without such order no injury should in any event be done, or permitted to be done, by such watchmen to any such bridge or culvert. Any disregard of this last regulation might be most disastrous to the State and should be severely punished. There is great danger of such disaster from the violence of excited or panic-stricken persons or bodies of men, and a strong guard may be needed to prevent it.

Fourth. Engineers and machinists should be instructed on the certain, but only on the certain, and near approach of an overpowering force of the enemy to remove and carry away or effectually conceal the main connecting rods of their engines, whether on the road or in any engine-house or workshop, thus thoroughly and to the enemy irreparably disabling, without permanently injuring, the engines.

Fifth. All burden, box, or house cars should at once have cleats of wood, fastened at suitable heights and distances to their inner sides, with strong planks, cut to the exact inner width of the car, to place on them as seats for troops, when more are to be transported than can be carried in the passenger-cars. When not used for this purpose these planks should be laid flat on the floor of the car, so as at once to be in place when needed, and when not needed to leave it free to be used for freight.

Sixth. Every railroad company should at once strengthen all its open flat-cars, and, as far as it can conveniently do so, build others of the strongest practicable pattern and material, for the transportation of heavy ordnance.

Seventh. Safety to lives and the protection both of trains and roads from destruction by collisions make it imperatively necessary that all trains should be regulated in their speed and movements by no one except the conductors or engineers of such trains, in accordance with the regulations and time-tables of the company. Disregard of this regulation will inevitably result in collisions, with all their consequent injuries to persons, to the road, and to the State, and obstruction and privation of the use of the road and machinery for an indefinite period of time. It cannot be too rigorously observed and enforced.

[Indorsement.]

The within suggestions to be embodied in circular to president of every railroad.

R. E. L.

16 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

