
Confederate States, and invite him to communicate in person with his body at such time as may best suit his convenience.

Adopted by the convention of Virginia April 22, 1861.

JOHN CRANE, Jr.,

Assistant Secretary.

Committee: John Goode, Jr., Jeremiah Morton, John T. Thornton.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to confer with the Hon. Alexander H. Stephens, commissioner from the Confederate States, and to arrange with him the terms of a union or alliance between this State and the said Confederate States, subject to the ratification or rejection of this convention.

Adopted by the convention of Virginia April 23, 1861.

JNO. L. EUBANK,

Secretary of Convention.

Committee: Messrs. Tyler, Preston, Moore, Holcombe, Bruce, Harvie.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

AN ORDINANCE for the adoption of the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confederates States of America.

We, the delegates of the people of Virginia, in convention assembled, solemnly impressed by the perils which surround the Commonwealth, and appealing to the Searcher of Hearts for the rectitude of our intentions in assuming the grave responsibility of this act, do, by this ordinance, adopt and ratify the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America, ordained and established at Montgomery, Ala., on the 8th day of February, 1861: Provided, That this ordinance shall cease to have any legal operation or effect if the people of this Commonwealth, upon the vote directed to be taken on the ordinance of secession passed by this convention on the 17th day of April, 1861, shall reject the same.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

CONVENTION between the Commonwealth of Virginia and the Confederate States of America.

The Commonwealth of Virginia, looking to a speedy union of said Commonwealth and the other slave States with the Confederate States of America according to the provisions of the Constitution for the Provisional Government of said States, enters into the following temporary convention and agreement with said States for the purpose of meeting pressing exigencies affecting the common rights, interests, and safety of said Commonwealth and said Confederacy:

First. Until the union of said Commonwealth with said Confederacy shall be perfected and said Commonwealth shall become a member of said Confederacy according to the constitutions of both powers, the whole military force and military operations, offensive and defensive, of said Commonwealth in the impending conflict with the United States shall be under the chief control and direction of the President of said Confederate States, upon the same principles, basis, and footing as if said Commonwealth in the impending conflict with the United States shall be under the chief control and direction of the President of said Confederate States, upon the same principles, basis, and footing as if said Commonwealth were now and during the interval a member of said Confederacy.

