
Second. The Commonwealth of Virginia will, after the consummation of the union contemplated in this connection and her adoption of the Constitution for a permanent Government of said Confederate States and she shall become a member of said Confederacy under said permanent Constitution, if the same occur, turn over to said Confederate States all the public property, naval stores, and munitions of war, &amp;c., she may then be in possession of, acquired from the United States, on the same terms and in like manner as the other States of said Confederacy have done in like cases.

Third. Whatever expenditures of money, if any, said Commonwealth of Virginia shall make before the union under the Provisional Government as above contemplated shall be consummated, shall be met and provided for by said Confederate States.

This convention, entered into and agreed to in the city of Richmond, Va., on the 24th day of April, 1861, by Alexander H. Stephens, the duly authorized commissioner to act in the matter for the said Confederate States, and John Tyler, William Ballard Preston, Samuel McD. Moore, James P. Holcombe, James C. Bruce, and Lewis E. Harvie, parties duly authorized to act in like manner for said Commonwealth of Virginia-the whole subject to the approval and ratification of the proper authorities of both governments, respectively.

In testimony whereof the parties aforesaid have hereunto set their hands and seals the day and year aforesaid and at the place aforesaid in duplicate originals.

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS,

Commissioner for Confederate States.

JOHN TYLER.

WM. BALLARD PRESTON.

S. McD. MOORE.

JAMES P. HOLCOMBE.

JAMES C. BRUCE.

LEWIS E. HARVIE.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

Be it ordained by this convention, That the convention entered into on the 24th of April, 1861, between Alexander H. Stephens, commissioner of the Confederate States, and John Tyler, William Ballard Preston, S. McD. Moore, James P. Holcombe, James C. Bruce, and Lewis E. Harvie, commissioners of Virginia, for a temporary union of Virginia with said Confederate States, under the Provisional Government adopted by said Confederate States, be, and the same is hereby, ratified and confirmed on the terms agreed upon by said commissioners.

Adopted by the convention of Virginia April 25, 1861.

JOHN JANNEY,

President.

JNO. L. EUBANK,

Secretary.

[APRIL 25-JULY 17, 1861. -For correspondence between the Secretary of War and the Governor of Louisiana, with reference to forwarding troops to Richmond, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, pp. 33, 128, 153, 174.]

