
what shall be deemed best to be done to protect the rights, interests, and honor of the slave-holding States; and all of which is respectfully submitted to elicit the counsel and opinion of the State of Missouri as to what is best to be done by the slave-holding States in the present political crisis, and all of which I respectfully submit to elicit the consultation and advice of the State of Missouri in the premises.

Respectfully,

WM. COOPER,

Commissioner from Alabama.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

City of Jefferson, December 30, 1860.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I acknowledgment with pleasure the receipt of your favor of the 18th instant, accrediting and introducing to me Mr. William Cooper as a commissioner from Alabama to Missouri, to confer with proper authorities in this State respecting all matters connected with the present political and governmental crisis in the United States. I am truly gratified and the people of Missouri will be pleased to learn that you have taken a course which looks to a friendly conference of all the slave-holding States. Be assured, sir, that in Missouri we have a lively appreciation of the practical injuries suffered from the interference and depredations of Northern fanatics. Owing to the peculiarity of our geographical position, being bounded by nearly 1,000 miles of free territory, our State probably suffers more from the loss and abduction of slaves than any of her sisters, and our people are determined to seek redress for their wrongs and full security and indemnity for their rights. At the same time they are, so far as I am advised, equally opposed to separate or immediate action upon a subject of so grave importance. The people of Missouri will still seek for the acknowledgment and vindication of their rights within the Union rather than "fly from present evils to those we know no of," and when the terms of a fair adjustment are refused will be prepared to join with the slave-holding States in united measures for the redress of our common grievances. For a further exposition of my views on this subject I beg to refer you to my forthcoming annual message to the General Assembly of Missouri, which you will doubtless receive before the meeting of your State convention the 7th proximo, as also that of my successor, of whose opinions I am not specially advised. In the meantime be assured that every courtesy which the representatives of a great and generous people know how to bestow will be cordially extended to the worthy and gentlemanly commissioner who comes here honored with the confidence of Alabama.

Yours, respectfully,

R. M. STEWART.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

At an adjourned meeting of the members of the Legislature of Missouri, held at the capital on Saturday, December 29, 1860, prior to the meeting of the General Assembly, after the address of the Hon. William Cooper, commissioner from the State of Alabama, Dr. John Hyer, senator from Dent, was elected chairman, and R. C. Cloud, esq., of Pemiscot, was elected secretary.

