
the line of the Rio Grande. While these movements are progressing other measures of protection against hostile demonstrations are being forwarded, among which the harbor of Galveston has claimed attention. I have found it necessary to appointed agents to take charge of such stores, munitions, and other property taken from the U. S. authorities recently in Texas by the State itself as she might think proper to transfer to this Government.

The importance of the question of the defenses of Texas is greatly enhanced by their connection with the future probable annexation of New Mexico and Arizona to this Confederacy. Recent events render it manifest that the most friendly disposition in those Territories exists toward this Government. A vigorous protection of the frontier of Texas bordering upon them must contribute to strengthen their confidence in out ability to maintain our own independence and to secure the permanent safety of all who shall adopt our flag.

I cannot more appropriately conclude this report than by urging upon Congress the passage of a law empowering this Department to appoint chaplains for the service. Military experience demonstrates the importance of religious habitudes to the morality, good order, and general discipline of an army in the camp or in the field. If we expect God to bless us in our struggle in our struggle in defense of our rights-to terminate, in all probability, only after a protracted and bloody war- we must recognize Him in our actions.

All which is respectfully submitted.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

A.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 25, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report: The organization of the Army has progressed as the number of officers appointed would justify. The several staff departments have been arranged to some extent, but there are still in those several vacancies yet to be filled. Nearly one-third of the officers of artillery have been appointed out of 172 authorized by law. The officers for two of the six regiments of infantry authorized have been appointed and organized into two regiments, but as yet only eight officers have been appointed for the single regiment of cavalry. The recruiting service has been commenced in various sections of the country, and speedy and favorable results are anticipated; but the want of a regularly organized force for the permanent army has not been so much felt on account of the ready response to the call made on the several State for volunteers. On the 9th of March a requisition was made on the State of Georgia Florid, Alabama Mississippi, and Louisiana for 8,000 volunteers South Carolina, at that time having upward of 5,000 of her own troops in the State service in Charleston Harbor, was not called upon for her quota.

This requisition was soon filled and the troops put in position. Again, on the 8th of April a requisition was made for 20,000 volunteers from the several States, to be held in readiness for service. This requisition has also been filled promptly. And, finally, a further requisition, on the 16th of the same month, for 34,000 volunteers,

