
making in all upward of 62,000 troops, independently of the 5,000 South Carolina State troops in the harbor of Charleston, above referred to. Of this whole number more than 25,000, including these in Charleston Harbor, are in position on our southern sea-board and the frontier of Texas, leaving the remainder for operations elsewhere. Since the 16th of April further calls have been made for 15,000 additional volunteers, and they are now being sent forward to their destination. As a copy of the correspondence of the commanding general in Charleston accompanies this report, I would respectfully refer you to it for a detail of the military operations in the harbor. *

The several permanent fortifications which guard the approaches to the harbors on the southern coast are in a state of defense, and are occupied by garrisons for a state of war, the largest portion of this force distributed at several points in the harbor of Pensacola, including the permanent works of Fort McRee and Barrancas. This force consists of over 8,000 men. I would respectfully invite your attention to the following remarks in respect to the present organization of the Army. Under existing laws the military established consists of the following staff department, corps, and regiments, viz:

Adjutant-General's Department. -Two lieutenant-colonels, two majors, and four captains.

Quartermaster-General's Department. -One colonel one lieutenant-colonel, and four majors.

Commissary-General's Department. -One colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, and three captains.

Medical Department. -One surgeon-general, four surgeons, and six assistant surgeons.

Corps of Engineers. -One colonel four majors, and five captains. Corps Artillery and Ordnance. -One colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, ten majors, forty captains, eighty first lieutenants, forty second lieutenants for forty companies, one regiment of cavalry, and six regiments of infantry.

This force can scarcely by deemed sufficient for a state of war, in which we are about to engage, and for the protection of our Indian and other frontiers, when it is recollected that the permanent peace establishment of the United States is not less than 18,000 troops, composed of not less than nineteen regiments, with a complete staff on a war footing. I would therefore suggest, as an approximation to a proper organization at this time, that the present authorized force of the Regular Army of the Confederate States be increased by one regiment of cavalry and two regiments of infantry as at present organized, and that there be added to the Adjutant-General's Department two captains, to the Quartermaster's Department two majors and six captains, to the Commissary-General's Department three captains, to the Medical Department six surgeons and fourteen assistant surgeon (the Medical Department of the U. S. Army consists of thirty surgeons and eighty-four assistant surgeons), to the Corps of Engineers five captain, to the Corps of Artillery one lieutenant-colonel, two majors, and as many military store-keepers, with pay and allowance of captain of infantry, as the service may require, not to exceed six, and an ordnance-sergeant for each military post.

I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

