
RICHMOND, April 27, 1861.

Hon JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate State of America:

I am instructed by the convention of Virginia to communicate to you the following resolution adopted this day:

Resolved by this convention, That the President of the Confederate States of America and the constituted authorities of the Confederacy, be and they are hereby, cordially and respectfully invited, whenever in their opinion the public interest or convenience may require it, to make the city of Richmond or some other place in this State the seat of the Government of the Confederacy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN JANNEY,

President.

BATON ROUGE, LA., April 28, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the South Confederacy:

SIR: Taking in view the present crisis which overhangs our country, and knowing that in a few weeks the Southern Confederacy will be invaded by a Northern army, I would beg most respectfully, Mr. President, to call your attention to the facts that there are at this present moment some 3,000 or 4,000 men confined in the different penitentiaries of the seceded States who would be perfectly willing to take up arms for the cause of the beloved South. Mr President, there are many in here have served in the Florida war, and also served with distinction in the battles of Cerro Gordo, Chapultepec, and Monterey. I am a true Southerner by birth and can assure you, Mr. President, that the same military spirit that pervades my countrymen outside, exist also amongst us within these prison walls. Mr. President, there are enough of brave men within the prison walls of the South to form several full regiments, and I am fully confident that not an officer in the Confederate States that would object During the Crimean war a similar plan was submitted to the British Admiralty, emanating from prisoners, who at once laid the matter before some of the most experienced officers ion England. It immediately met their approbation, and, in fact, they offered to command them, but the fall of Sebastopol and with it peace being consummated put an end to the scheme. It is true, Mr. President, we have committed overt acts, but I am convinced that if you, together with the several Governors of the seceded State, will but give us a chance in this coming campaign, I am confident that we prove to the South by many a well-contested battle that we were worthy of the generosity of those who raised us from a degrading position to fight the battles for the land we love and revere. There is, Mr. President, I doubt scarcely a single man within these walls that would not rather be fighting for the glorious South that be lingering out a miserable existence within this living tomb. I thus have taken the liberty to address you, Mr. President, on the subject, feeling confident that if the idea meets your approbation it will be readily complied with by the respective Governors of the seceded States at your solicitation and suggestion.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. R. STRIPLIN.

