
MONTGOMERY, April 29, 1861.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

I wish you to furnish immediately one regiment of infantry of picked men for Pensacola.

Private. -Bragg needs for lodgment of Santa Rosa Island preparatory to opening upon Fort Pickens. Dispatch is necessary. Ore regiment goes from here in a day or two. Would like to have it consist of drilled companies, if possible.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 30, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: A perusal of the following resolutions, adopted by the convention of railroad presidents lately convened in this city, will explain the object of this communication:

Resolved, That the secretaries furnish the Postmaster-General and the Secretary of War with copies of the resolution of this convention so far as they relate to their respective Department.

In accordance with the above I have the honor to inclose a copy of the resolutions referred to.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

DANL. H. CRAM,

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved, That the several railroad companies represented in convention will transport troops and munitions, upon the plan indicated by the Quartermaster-General, at the following rates, namely: Men, 2 cents per mile; munitions, provisions, and material, at half the regular local rates.

Revolved, that in view of the present condition of the country and of the possibility that the money at the command of the Government may be required for other purposes, and particularly to provision and keep in the field the troops required for the defense of the Confederate States, to the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury to make payment for the transportation of troops, munitions, and provisions over our several roads in the bonds of the Confederate States or in Treasury notes, received the same at par.

Resolved, That the two foregoing resolutions in relations to the transportation of men, provisions and munitions take effect on the 1st day of May.

Resolved, That each company here represented will immediately issued a notice that all companies, detachments, or squads of men or individuals must be provided with the requisite authority from the Quartermaster-General's Department, or other proper officer of the Confederate States, to entitle them to the conditions adopted by this convention.

Resolved, That the Quartermaster-General be requested at once to designate what class of certificate shall be sufficient to pass detachments or squads of men or individuals over the several roads at the expense of the Confederate States.

