
Nashville, April 30, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

After receiving your telegram of 22d, and one same day from Governor Letcher, I proceeded to organize three regiments for Lynchburg Va. Dispatch from Governor Letcher to-day saying he knows nothing of the call, and asking me not to send until further orders. The regiments will report themselves ready to-morrow or next day. If they go, will conform to all the terms specified in your dispatch reserving, however, the right to be recalled to Tennessee when the Governor may deem it necessary, and must be armed, provisioned, &amp;c., at Lynchburg. Answer.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, May 1, 1861.

DANIEL H. CRAM, Esq.,

Secretary of the Montgomery and West Point Railroad:

SIR: The Secretary of War has had the honor to received the resolutions "adopted by the convention of railroad presidents lately convened at Montgomery," inclosed with your letter of the 30th of April. With a high appreciation of the action of the convention he returns the grateful acknowledgment of this Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TYLER, Jr.

[May 1, 1861. -For Jett to Davis, tendering services of a brigade of Arkansas militia, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 689.]

NEW ORLEANS, May 1, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

We send a swift steamer to Havana once. We can there buy a large quantity of muskets, rifles, powder, caps. We have not sufficient funds to buy all. Shall I buy for Confederacy? If so, give credit on Citizens' Bank.

THO. O. MOORE.

NEW ORLEANS, May 1, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN:

It will bankrupt the State to keep 6,000 men an indefinite time. To disband them would be very disastrous. Is it possible for you to intimate how long I should have to keep them before they are mustered into the service of the Confederate States? Answer immediately.

THO. O. MOORE.

[MAY 1, 1861. -For Ellis to Davis, announcing passage of convention bill, &c., see Series I, Vol, I, p. 488.]

