
MONTGOMERY, May 1, 1861.

Governor I. G. HARRIS,

Nashville:

All the arrangements have been made for the transportation of the troops to Lynchburg, where they will be armed and equipped and provisioned, or course. Let me know when they will depart. I send by mail bonds to be executed by an assistant quartermaster and assistant commissary for each regiment, leaving you to designate the persons. Their rank and pay will be that of captain. Have the bonds executed according to direction accompanying them and forwarded to me. Would like to know what your Legislature has done.

L. P. WALKER.

[MAY 1, 1861. -For Walker to Harris, in regard to recall of Tennessee troops sent to Virginia, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 81.]

[MAY 1, 1861. -For correspondence between Walker and Letcher, on regard to organization, disposition, &amp;c., of the military force of Virginia, see Series I, VOL. Ii. p. 792.]

MAY 2, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: The estimates furnished by the War Department require that the whole amount of the $15,000,000 loan should be realized as promptly as possible. I recommend, therefore, to Your Excellency that the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to make an immediate call for the balance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

GENERAL ORDERS HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, No. 7. Richmond., Va., May 2, 1861.

In order that there may be no misapprehension, it is hereby ordered that the State of Virginia will not be held responsible for any extra charge by railroad companies for running extra trains for the transportation of persons employed in the military service of the State, freight, supplies, munitions of war, &c., without express authority in writing from the quartermaster in Richmond in charge of the department of transportation. But in case of extraordinary emergency this rule will be waived so far as to empower railroad officials to telegraph to the quartermaster-general at Richmond for authority to employ extra trains if it shall be considered absolutely essential for the interests of the public service. No compensation will be made for the transportation of any persons in the military service, freight, supplies, munitions of war, &c., except supplies to the subsistence department, unless specially by the aforesaid quartermaster or some

