
other officers with written authority from the quartermaster's department, or some one of the general officers commanding divisions or department of the State. Subsistence supplies will be consigned to the commissary of subsistence at the point of destination and a receipt from him or an authorized of his department will be considered a sufficient voucher for payment. All officers of railroad companies are requested to render their accounts weekly, to be accompanied by the written orders from properly authorized officers, as specified aforesaid, as vouchers, when said accounts will be duly examined and certified to by the quartermaster's department for payment thereof. Troops, baggage, munitions, and subsistence stores from other States will be forwarded from Weldon and Goodson without any special order. By command of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

Nashville, May 2, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Colonel Turney's regiment left Winchester for Lynchburg last night. The regiments of Colonels Bate and Maney will be ready to march in a day or two. Shall I send them forward as soon as organized?

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

AN ACT to provide for the appointment of chaplains in the Army.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate State of America do enact, That there shall be appointed by the President such number of chaplains, to serve with the armies of the Confederate States during the existing war, as he may deem expedient; and the President shall assign them to such regiments, brigades, or posts as he may deem necessary; and the appointments made as aforesaid shall expire whenever the existing war shall terminate.

SEC. 2. The monthly pay of said chaplains shall be $85; and said pay shall be in full of all allowances whatever.

Approved May 3, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, May 3, 1861.

Mr. W. H. AYMAR:

SIR: Upon your representation that good and serviceable arms may be purchased in the British Provinces, you hereby informed that the Confederate States will receive from you at any of its ports any such arms you may be able to procure, paying you therefore full value of such arms, with all cost of transportation and other expenses. This Government will also indemnify you against loses by sea or capture by the enemy upon satisfactory evidence thereof. Brass cannon and accouterments and other materials of war will be received on the same terms. Payment will be to your order at any point with the Confederacy you may indicate on receipt of the arms and munitions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

