
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 4, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

GENERAL: Permit me to suggest that in order to relieve the central Government of the multiplied calls made upon it for arms ammunition, &amp;c., the Governors of State be notified that arms and ammunition will be supplied to troops called out at the points where the troops are to rendezvous for active service. Let the troops notified beforehand by thies to equip themselves with such temporary knapsacks, haversacks, and canteens as each individual can prepare for himself. The central Government will supply these of good quality at the place of rendezvous as fast as they can be made. This will in a great measure prevent the perplexing and mischievous requisitions of Governors of State on the arsenals.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Major, &c.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, May 4, 1`861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville:

SIR: Your letter of the 27th April in relation to the law governing this Department with regard to staff appointments for the volunteer forces called into the Confederate services is before me, and it gives me great pleasure to point you to the following provisions upon the subject contained in the acts of Congress, to wit:

By the act approved March 6, 1861, it is provided-

Whenever the militia or volunteers are called and received into the service of the Confederate States (under the act to provide for the public defense), they shall have the same organization, and shall have the same pay and allowances, as may be provided for the Regular Army.

This act further provides that-

When volunteers or militia are called into the service of the Confederate States in such numbers that the officers of the Quartermaster's, Commissary, and Medical Department which may be authorized by law for the regular service are not sufficient to provide for the supplying, quartering transporting and furnishing them with the requisite medical attendance, it shall be lawful for the President to appoint, with the advice and consent of the Congress, as many additional officers of the said departments as the service may require, not exceeding one commissary and one quartermaster for each brigade, with the rank of major, and one assistant quartermaster with the rank of captain, one assistant commissary with the rank of captain, one surgeon and one assistant surgeon for each regiment.

The necessity existing for the exercise by this Government of the discretionary powers lodged in it by this act, and the duties incident thereto having developed upon me, I have been left no alternative than to take upon myself the responsibility, although, consulting my own individual tastes and feeling on the subject, I should have been, so far at least as Georgia is concerned, only too happy to have left the disagreeable burden with Your Excellency., I beg Your Excellency to be assured I have never imagined you could have entertained a sentiment of "jealousy" in relation to the exercise of

