
revoked; and such commanders, respectively, shall forfeit for every such offense the sum of $1,000, one moiety thereof to the use of the Confederate States, and the other to the informer.

SEC. 13. That the owners or commanders of vessels having letters of marque and reprisal as aforesaid, who shall violate any of the acts of Congress for the collection of the revenue of the Confederate States, and prevention of smuggling, shall forfeit the commission or letters of marque and reprisal, and they and the vessels owned or commanded by them shall be liable to all the penalties and forfeitures attaching to merchant vessels in like cases.

SEC. 14. That on all goods, wares, and merchandise captured and made good and lawful prizes of war by any private armed ship having commission of letters of marque and reprisal under this act, and brought into the Confederate States, there shall be allowed a deduction of 33 1/3 per cent. on the amount of duties imposed by law.

SEC. 15. That 5 per centrum on the net amount (after deducting all charges and expenditures) of the prize money arising from captured vessels and cargoes, and on the net amount of the salvage of vessels and cargoes recaptured by the private armed vessels of the Confederate States, shall be secured and paid over to the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port of place in the Confederate States at which such captured or recaptured vessels may arrive, or to the consul or other public agent of the Confederate States residing at the port or place not within the Confederate States at which such captured or recaptured vessels may arrive. And the moneys arising therefrom shall be held, and are hereby pledged by the Government of the Confederate States as a fund for the support and maintenance of the windows and orphans of such persons as may be slain, and for the support and maintenance of such peons as may be wounded and disabled board of the private armed vessels commissioned as aforesaid, in any engagement with the enemy, to distributed in such manner as shall hereafter be provided by law.

HOWELL COBB.

President of the Congress.

Approved May 6, 1861.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

President's instructions to private armed vessels.

1. The tenor of your commission, under the act of Congress entitled "An act recognizing the existence of war between the Unites States and the Confederate States, and concerning letters of marque, prizes, and prize goods," copy of which is hereto annexed will be kept constantly in your view. The high seas, referred to in your commissions, you will understand generally to refer to low water mark, but with the exception of the space within one league or three miles from the shore of counties at peace both with the United States and the Confederate States. You may, nevertheless, execute your commission within that distance of the shore of a nation at war with the United States, and even on the waters within the jurisdiction of such nation, if permitted to do so.

2. You are to pay the strictest regard to the rights or neutral powers and the usages of civilized nations; and in all your proceedings toward neutral vessels you are to give them as little molestation or interruption as will consist with the right of ascertaining their neutral character and of detaining and bringing them in for regular

