
adjudication in the proper cases. You are particularly to avoid even the appearance of using force or seduction with a view to deprive such vessels of their crews or of their passengers other than persons in the military service of the enemy.

3. Toward enemy vessels and their crews you are to proceed, in exercising the rights of war, with all the justice and humanity which characterize this Government and its citizens.

4. The master and one or more or the principal persons belonging to the captured vessels are to be sent, as soon after the capture as may be, to the judge or judges of the proper court in the Confederate States, to be examined upon oath touching property of the captured vessels and her landing, and at the same time are to be delivered to the judge or judges all papers, charter-parties, bills, of landing, letters, and other documents and writings found on board, the said papers top be proved by affidavit of the commander of the capturing vessels or some other person present at the capture, to be produced as they were received, without fraud, addition, subduction, or embezzlement.

5. Property even of the enemy is exempt from seizure on neutral vessels, unless it be contraband of war. If goods contraband of war are found on any neutral vessel, and the commander thereof shall offer to deliver them up the offer shall be accepted and the vessels left at liberty to pursue its voyage, unless the quantity of contraband goods be greater than can be conveniently received on board your vessel, in which case the neutral vessel may be carried into port for the delivery of the contraband goods. The following articles are deemed by this Government contraband of war, as well as all others that are so declared by law of nations, viz: All arms and implements serving for the purposes of war by land or sea, such as cannons, mortars, guns muskets, rifles, pistols, petards, bombs, grenades, ball, shot, shell fuses, pikes, swords, bayonets, javelins, lances, horse furniture, holsters, belts, and generally all other implements of war. Also, timber for shipbuilding, pitch, tar, rosin, copper in sheets, sails, hemp, cordage, and generally whatever may serve directly to the equipment of vessels, unwrought iron and planks only excepted. Neutral vessels conveying enemy's dispatches or military persons in the service of the enemy forfeit their natural character, and are liable to capture and condemnation. But this rule does not apply to neutral vessels bearing dispatches from the public minister or ambassadors of the enemy residing in neutral countries.

By command of the President of the Confederate States:

ROBERT TOOMBS,

Secretary of State.

Form of bond.

Know all men by these present:

That we (Note 1), - -, are bound to the Confederate States of America in the full sum of (Note 2) - thousand dollars, to the payment whereof, well and truly to be made, we bind ourselves, our heirs, executors, and administrators, jointly and severally, by these presents.

The condition of this obligation is such that whereas application has been made to the said Confederate States of America for the grant of a commission or letter of marque and general reprisals, authorizing the (Note 3)- or vessel, called the -, to act as a private armed vessel in the service of the Confederate States on the high seas against

