
proposition set forth in "An act supplementary to an act entitled "An act for the admission of the State of Arkansas into the Union, and to provide for the due execution of the laws of the Union States within the same, and for other purposes," were freely accepted, ratified, and irrevocably confirmed, articles of compact and union between the State of Arkansas and the United State," and all other laws and every other law ordinance, whereby the State of Arkansas became a member of the Federal Union, be, and the same are hereby, in allr every purpose herewith consistent, repealed, abrogated, and fully set aside; and the union now subsisting between the State of Arkansas and the other States, under the name of the United States of America, is hereby forever dissolved.

And we do further to herself all rights and powers heretofore delegated to the Government of the United States of America; that her citizens are absolved from all allegiance to said Government of the United States, and that she is in full possession and exercise of all the rights and sovereignty which appertain to a free and independent State.

We do further and declare, That all rights acquired and vested under the Constitution of the United States of America, or of any act or acts of Congress, or treaty, or under any law of this State, and not incompatible with this ordinance, shall remain in full force and effect, in nowise altered or impaired, and have the same effect as if this ordinance had not been passed.

Adopted and passed in open convention on the 6th day of May, A. D. 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Convention and Delegate

from the Country of Washington.

JAMES L. TOTTEN,

Arkansas Country.

MARCUS L. HAWKINS,

Ashley County.

[AND SIXTY-EIGHT OTHERS.]

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Arkansas State Convention.

MILLEDGEVILLE, GA., May 6, 1861.

L. P. WALKER.

Who will muster the regiment into service at Macon Wednesday?

Have no reply to my dispatch of Saturday, and have directed the rendezvous at Macon to-morrow.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

MONTGOMERY, May 6, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

Your dispatches of the 4th and 5th received. Do not rendezvous the troops at any points just yet. {Pending legislation may somewhat change the programme. Make arrangements, however, for two regiments instead of one. Possibly neither may be sent to Pensacola,

