
and it is this doubt which I cannot just now determine which induces me to ask you not to rendezvous them. Besides this it may be proper to say that the term of service will be changed from twelve months to for the war.

L. P. WALKER.

MILLEDGEVILLE, May 5, 1861.

Hon L. P. WALKER:

Several companies of the Fifth Regiment are now on their way to Macon. All are under orders, and will be there to-morrow. Your dispatch of 29th of April required me to furnish the regiment immediately. Do you wish me to disband them, and send them back home till you again require them, or will you receive them now? I have not to maintain them long in camp. Please answer.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

MONTGOMERY, May 6, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans:

Besides the two regiments ordered to Virginia, I will take two other regiments to go into camp of instruction, provided they are willing to be mustered into service for the war. Answer.

L. P. WALKER.

The State of North Carolina to the Hon. Thomas L. Clingman, greeting:

We, reposing special trust and confidence in your integrity and ability, do by these present appoint you a commissioner to represent the State of North Carolina at the Government of the Confederate States of America, in pursuance of the accompanying resolution of the General Assembly of our said State of North Carolina, * and in all things to exercise the duties and powers of said mission according to the intent and meaning of said resolution, and according to your best judgment and discretion-never failing, however, to express for said Confederate States the sympathy of our State of North Carolina, and her determination to link her fortunes with their, and to draw the sword in the common defense of our liberties.

In testimony whereof His Excellency John W. Ellis, our Governor captain-general and commander-in-chief, hath signed with his hand these presents and caused our great seal to be affixed thereto.

Done at the city of Raleigh on the 6th day of May, A. D. 1861, and in the eighty-fifth year of our independence.

By the Governor:

JOHN W. ELLIS.

AN ACT to submit to a vote of the people a declaration of independence, and for other purposes.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, That immediately after the passage of this act the Governor of this State shall, by proclamation, direct the sheriffs of the

---------------

* Not found.

19 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

---------------

