
volunteers and offering them bounties in land and money; employing the militia; authorizing loans and issuing Treasury notes; indeed, every bill will be passed which they can pass and may deem necessary to strengthen the arm of Government and to enable Mr. Lincoln to enforce payment of revenue at Southern ports or to blockade them, or to commence war upon the South as soon as he is installed in office. Such legislation might, probably, be defeated, if the delegates from the cotton States about to secede remained in their seats till the 4th of March; and a new Congress could not be convened before September next, by which time we might be fully prepared for war and strengthened by the alliance of all the slave-holding States. On the other hand, it may be well asked whether it will comport with the dignity and honor of Alabama, after she has seceded from the Union, to authorize her Senators and Representatives to hold their seats in this Congress. Or can she which credit pass an ordinance of secession and yet direct them to retain their seats? I submit the resolutions, to be sent to the convention for their consideration if you deem it proper or expedient. I owe it to myself to say that I do not wish to remain here, and if I consulted my own feelings, interest, or opinions I would not stay a day after the secession of my State.

I am, most respectfully, your friend and servant,

C. C. CLAY, Jr.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved, That in our opinion each of the Southern States should, as soon as may be, secede from the Union.

Resolved, That provision should be made for a convention to organize a confederacy of the seceding States, the convention to meet not later than the 15th of February, at the city of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama.

Resolved, That in view of the hostile legislation that is threatened against the seceding States, and which may be consummated before the 4th of March, we ask instructions, whether the delegations are to remain in Congress until that date, for the purpose of defeating such legislation.

Resolved, That a committee be and is hereby appointed, consisting of Messrs. Davis, Slidell, and Mallory, to carry out the objects of this meeting.

SECOND DAY. *

JANUARY 8, 1861.

* * * * *

On this day Mr. Watts placed the following dispatches before the convention:

WASHINGTON, January 7, 1861.

The Republicans in the House to-day refused to consider the Border-State compromise, complimented Major Anderson, and pledged to sustain the President.

MOORE AND CLOPTON.

RICHMOND.

Governor MOORE:

Legislature passed by 112 to 5 to resist any attempt to coerce a seceding State by all the means in her power. What has your convention done? Go out promptly, and all will be right.

A. F. HOPKINS.

F. M. GILMER.

---------------

*From Journal of the Alabama Convention.

---------------

