
several counties in this State to open and hold an election at the various voting precincts in their respective counties on the 8th day of June, 1861; that said sheriffs, or in the absence of the sheriffs the coroner of the county, shall immediately advertise the election contemplated by this act; that said sheriffs appoint a deputy to hold said election for each voting precinct, and that said deputy appoint three judges and two clerks for each precinct. And if no officer shall, from any cause, attend any voting precinct to open and hold said election, then any justice of the peace, or in the absence of a justice of the peace any respectable freeholder, may appoint an officer, judges, and clerks to open and hold said election. Said officers, judges, and clerks shall be sworn s now required by law, and who after being so sworn shall open and hold an election, open and close at the time of day and in the manner now required by law in elections for members to the General Assembly.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That at said election the following declaration shall be submitted to a vote of the qualified voters of the State of Tennessee for their ratification or rejection:

DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE AND ORDINANCE dissolving the federal relations between the State of Tennessee and the United States of America.

First. We, the people of the State of Tennessee, waiving any expression of opinion as to the abstract doctrine of secession, but asserting the right, as a free and independent people, to alter, reform, or abolish our form of government in such manner as we think proper, do ordain and declare that all the laws and ordinances by which the State of Tennessee became a member of the Federal Union of the United States of America are hereby abrogated and annulled, and that all obligations on our part be withdrawn therefrom; and we do hereby resume all the rights, functions, and powers which by any of said laws and ordinances were conveyed to the Government of the United States, and absolve ourselves from all the obligation, restraints, and duties incurred thereto; and do hereby henceforth become a free, sovereign, and independent State.

Second. We furthermore declare and ordain that article 10, sections 1 and 2, of the constitution of the State of Tennessee, which requires members of the General Assembly and all officers, civil and military, to take an oath to support the Constitution of the United States be, and the same are hereby, abrogated and annulled, and all parts of the constitution of the State of Tennessee making citizenship of the United States a qualification of office and recognizing the Constitution of the United States as the supreme law of this State are in like manner abrogated and annulled.

Third. We furthermore ordain and declare than all rights acquired and vested under the Constitution of the United States, or under any act of Congress passed in pursuance thereof, or under any laws of this State, and incompatible with this ordinance shall remain in force and have the same effect as if this ordinance had not been passed.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That said election shall be by ballot; that those voting for the declaration and, have written or printed on their ballots "Separation," and those voting against it shall have written or printed on their ballots "No separation; " that the clerks holding said election shall keep regular scrolls of the votes as now required by law in election of members to the General Assembly; that the clerks and judges shall certify the same, with the number of votes for "Separation" and the number of votes "No separation". The officer holding the election shall return the same to the sheriff oft he country, at the country seat, on the Monday next after the election. The sheriff shall immediately make out, certify, and send to the Governor the number of votes polled, and the number of votes for "Separation" and the number "No separation," and file one of the original scroll with the clerk of the country court; that upon comparing the

