
vote by the Governor, in the office of the secretary of state, which shall be at least by the 24th day of June, 1861, and may be sooner if the returns are all received by the Governor, if a majority of the votes polled shall be for "Separation" the Governor shall by his proclamation make it known and declare all connection by the State of Tennessee with the Federal Union dissolved, and that Tennessee is a free, independent Government-free from all obligations to or connection with the Federal Government. And that the Governor shall cause the vote by counties to be published, the number for "Separation" and the number "No separation," whether a majority votes for "Separation" or "No separation. "

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That in the election to be held under the provisions of this act, upon the declaration submitted to the people, all volunteers and other persons connected with the service of this State, qualified to vote for members of the Legislature in the counties where reside, shall be entitled to vote in any county in the State where they may be in active, or under orders, or on parole, at the time of said election, and all other voters shall vote in the county where they reside, as now required by law in voting for members to the General Assembly.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That at the same time and under the rules and regulations prescribed for the election herein before ordered, the following ordinance shall be submitted to the popular vote, to wit:

AN ORDINANCE for the adoption of the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America.

We, the people of Tennessee, solemnly impressed by the perils which surround us, do hereby adopt and ratify the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America, ordained and established at Montgomery Ala., on the 8th day of February, 1861, to be in force during the existence thereof or until such time as we may supersede it by the adoption of a permanent constitution.

SEC. 6. Be it further enacted, That those in favor of the adoption of said Provisional Constitution, and thereby securing to Tennessee equal representation in the deliberations and councils of the Confederate States, shall have written or printed on their ballots the word "representation; " those opposed, the words "No representation. "

SEC. 7. Be it further enacted, That in the event the people shall adopt the Constitution of the Provisiof the Confederate States at the election herein ordered, it shall be the duty of the Governor forthwith to issue writs of election for delegates to represent the State of Tennessee in the said provisional Government; that the State shall be represented b y as many delegates as it was entitled to members of Congress to the recent Congress of the United States of America, who shall be elected from the several Congressional districts as now established by law, in the mode and manner now prescribed for the election of members of the Congress of the United States.

SEC. 8. Be it further enacted, That this act take effect from and after its passage.

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

B. L. STOVALL,

Speaker of the Senate.

Passed May 6, 1861.

