
per barrel of 100 pounds on every barrel produced and received by the Government within the current year.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. Pary of War.

AN ACT to admit the Commonwealth of Virginia as a member of the Confederate States of America.

The Commonwealth of Virginia having, in a convention of her people, ratified and adopted the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Commonwealth of Virginia be, and is hereby, admitted as a member of the said Confederate States upon an equal footing with the other Confederate States, under the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the same.

Approved May 7, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, May 7, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of Alabama, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that two additional regiments of infantry are required, one of which shall be a rifle regiment; both, after being mustered into the Confederate service for the war, to be place in a camp of instruction to be designated by this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

AN ORDINANCE repealing an ordinance passed on the 21st day of March, A. D. 1861.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Arkansas in convention assembled, That an ordinance passed by this convention on the 21st day of March, A. D. 1861, entitled "An ordinance to provide for holding an election in the State of Arkansas for the purpose of taking the sense of the people of the State on the question of "co-operation" of 'secession," be and the same is hereby, in all things repealed.

Adopted in and by the convention May 7, 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Arkansas State Convention.

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Convention.

AN ORDINANCE providing for the signing of ordinance passed on yesterday dissolving the political connection theretofore existing between the State of Arkansas and the Government known as the United States of America.

We, the people of the State of Arkansas, now in convention assembled, do hereby ordain, and it is hereby ordained, That the ordinance

