
adopted by this convention on yesterday dissolving the political connection theretofore existing between the State of Arkansas and the Government known as the United States of America be signed by the president and attested by the secretary of this convention, and be also signed by the individual members of this convention, and that in signing the same there shall be a call of the counties of the State in alphabetical order, and the delegates of each county shall sign the same as their respective counties shall be called by the secretary.

Adopted and passed in open convention may 7, A. D. 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Arkansas State Convention.

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Convention.

MONTGOMERY, May 7, 1861.

Government JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

I do not wish you to understand me as making it absolutely peremptory that the regiment to rendezvous at Macon to-morrow must be mustered in for the war. Requisition having been made for this regiment some time ago, it might be unjust to so insist. I hope, however, they will consent. Hereafter all troops must so agree, as Congress has passed a law to that effect.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, May 7, 1861.

Government JOSEPH E. BROWS,

Milledgeville:

If it put you to the least inconvenience not to have the regiment received, I will take it now. I stated that it must come in for the war. No more troops will be received for any other term of service. I presume the men will have no objection to this. Captain Cole will de detailed to muster the troops in. They will be given their orders in. They will be given their orders in a day or two.

L. P. WALKER.

NEW ORLEANS, May 7, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

You called upon me to raise 8,000 twelve-months' volunteers, to be drilled, equipped, and held in readiness the most perfect, and that the emergency was so pressing that my attention was particularly directed to the thorough preparation of these men, especially in regard to instant capacity to move. Four thousand have been in camp, 1,000 have gone to Virginia, 1,000 will leave in a day or two, and 2,000 remain in camp. Now you ask me to change the terms of enlistment of the remaining two regiments, if possible, and make them enlist for the war. This I will not do unless you positively refuse them for twelve months. When you so refuse, I will make your proposition to them, and if declined, I will immediately disband them, to the great detriment of the service, and the responsibility will not rest on me.

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor.

