
In testimony whereof the parties aforesaid have herewith set their hands and seals the day and year aforesaid, in duplicate originals.

HENRY W. HALYARD, [SEAL.]

Commissioner for the Confederate States of America.

GUSTAVUS A. HENRY,

A. O. W. TOTTEN, [SEAL.]

WASHINGTON BARROW, [SEAL.]

Commissioners on the part of Tennessee.

JOINT RESOLUTION ratifying the league.

Whereas, a military league, offensive and defensive, was formed o 7th of May, 1861, by and between A. O. W. Totten, Gustavus A. Henry, and Washington Barrow, commissioners on the part of the State of Tennessee, and H. W. Halyard, commissioner on the part of the Confederate States of America, subject to the confirmation of the two governments:

Be it therefore resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, That said league be in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the said General Assembly pledges the faith and honor of the State of Tennessee to the faithful observance of the terms and conditions of said league.

Adopted May 7, 1861.

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

B. L. STOVALL,

Speaker of the Senate.

MEMPHIS, May 7, 1861.

General JOHN L. T. SNEED:

DEAR SIR: The Society of South Mothers at this place are prepared to render any assistance needed by the soldiers of the South who may be sick or wounded in the service. They will nurse them at their own homes or in rooms provided by themselves for that purpose, whenever they shall receive intimation through the proper officers for that purpose of the need of such care. Their organization contemplates the effectual care of the sick and wounded in actual service by the matrons of the land for whose they are in arms, and we ask of the officers in command to point out the way in which our object may be attained, and to place the sick in our charge.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours,

S. C. LAW,

President of the Society of Southern Months.

RICHMOND, VA., May 7, 1861.

Major Gen. ROBERT E. LEE,

Commanding-in-Chief, Headquarters, Richmond:

GENERAL: I am informed by the Governor that he expects me to remain at my post as president of the James River and Kanawha Company, to aid in maintaining this important line of communication in the present State emergency. There are many active, reliable, public-spirited young men who, from various engagements or consideration, are prevented from enlisting in unconditional military

