
to the case, I will but remind Your Excellency that there is in modern practice an established proportion between the different species of arms in an army from which you cannot safely exclude light artillery. I trust that it may be your pleasure to receive the services which I have the honor thus to tender you, of myself and my entire command, and that you will direct proper orders for immediately arming, equipping, and mustering us in such manner as you may deem conducive to the public weal. Should you, however, from any consideration, decline this tender made on the part of myself and the regiment, then, as an alternative, I beg to offer my individual services, and to express the hope that you will give me the command of any artillery force which may be assembled in this city or its vicinity during the present emergency. On this proposition I have but to remark that I presume I have been as long connected with the artillery service of our State as perhaps any other officer now in commission. In the year 1836 I resigned a captaincy in the line of infantry to accept the commission of a lieutenant in the Richmond Fayette Artillery, a volunteer company of this city. From that time to the present, with the exception of two intervals, the first of about six months and the second of about eighteen months, durin Mexico in the diplomatic service of the United States, I have been regularly in commission, having been elected captain of the Richmond Fayette Artillery in 1842, appointed major of the Fourth Regiment in 1847, lieutenant-colonel in 1851, and colonel in 1855.

I have the honor to be, sir with great respect, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. ELLILS,

Colonel.

PROCLAMATION by the President of the Confederate States of America.

Whereas, a treaty or convention of alliance, offensive and defensive, between the Confederate States of America and the Commonwealth of Virginia, was concluded and signed at the city of Richmond on the 24th day of April, A. D. 1861, which treaty or convention of alliance is, word for word, as follows: *

And whereas, the said treaty or convention of alliance has been duly ratified on both parts:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, have caused the said treaty or convention of alliance to be made public, to the end that the same, and every clause and article thereof, may be observed and fulfilled with good faith by the Confederate States and the citizens thereof.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the Confederate States to be affixed at the city of Montgomery this 8th day of May, A. D. 1861.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

By the President:

R. TOOMBS,

Secretary of State.

[MAY 8, 1861. -For message of President Davis to the Provisional Congress, relative to the adjustment of difficulties between the United States and Confederate States, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 161.]

---------------

*See inclosure No. 4, Stephens to Toombs, April 25, 1861, p. 243.

---------------

