
AN ACT to raise an additional military force to serve during the war.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in addition to the volunteer force authorized to be raised under existing laws, the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the services of volunteers who may offer their services, without regard to the place of enlistment, either as cavalry, mounted riflemen, artillery, or infantry, in such proportion of these several arms as he may deem expedient, to serve for and during the existing war, unless sooner discharged.

SEC. 2. That the volunteers so offering their service may be accepted by the President in companies, to be organized by him into squadrons, battalions, or regiments. The President shall appoint all field and staff officers, but the company officers shall be elected by the men composing the company; and, if accepted, the officers so elected shall be commissioned by the President.

SEC. 3. That any vacancies, occurring in the ranks of the several companies mustered into service under the provisions of this act may be filled by volunteers accepted under the rules of such companies; and any vacancies occurring in the officers of such companies shall be filled by elections, in accordance with the same rules.

SEC. 4. Except as herein differently provided, the volunteer forces hereby authorized to be raised shall in all regards be subject to and organized in accordance with the provisions of "An act to provide for the public defense," and all other acts for the government of the armies of the Confederate States.

Approved May 8, 1861.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GEN. 'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 8, 1861.

The demands upon the arsenals and depots charged with the supply of war material for the Army are so numerous and pressing that proper discretion in reference to the amount of their requisitions must be exercised by officers in command of troops. Ts must for the present be limited to the smallest quantities compatible with their wants.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, Ala., May 8, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday in which you inform me that "hereafter the public exigencies will require all regiments, battalions, and companies to be raised and mustered into the Confederate service for the war. " That there may be no misunderstanding as to the true intent and meaning of your communication, please inform me whether it is intended to embrace companies already raised, but not ordered out, under the requisitions for 3,000 and 5,000 troops. These requisitions were filled a week before the date of your communication, and under

