
requisitions calling for troops for twelve months. If it be intended to include the companies referred to, I seriously apprehend that many of them will decline to go in for the war. I have already had indications that this will be the case, hence their importance of my being fully advised in the premises before any further action is taken.

Very respectfully,

A. B. MOORE.

COLUMBIA, May 8, 1861.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I see that you make a call for 3,000 more troops from this State, and I write to say that if you think it desirable I can easily add to the strength of the Legion. In answer to my call, made on the 2d instant, there have already been offers of more than double the number of companies asked for. I can, therefore, easily increase the infantry companies of the Legion, and have a full regiment, if you wish it. My only doubt was as to the infantry, as I knew that 10,000 men were now in camp and 2,000 in Virginia, but the response has been most prompt and gratifying. Of cavalry, more than enough to fill the Legion has offered.

I have not accepted any companies yet, and I propose to inspect all in a few days, selecting the best. I hope thus, in a very short time, to be able to present to Your Excellency a corps of which my State will never be ashamed. I can easily, I think, have several more infantry companies, if you wish them. Any number can be had if they can only feel assured that their steps are to be turned northward. The terms on which companies enter this service you will see by the inclosed paper. *

With my best wishes, I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON.

[Inclosure.]

The Hampton Legion.

The Hampton Legion is progressing favorably, and in some of the arms of service the only difficulty will be in selecting the complement form the number of applications. The colonel, Wade Hampton, and lieutenant-colonel, B. J. Johnson, are so well known that all our young men who seek honorable service are eager to be enrolled under their command. In response to many inquiries we have obtained from Colonel Hampton a full statement of the purpose, objects, and proposed organization, to which we invite attention:

EDITORS COURIER:

As various inquiries have been made in reference to the Legion which the President has honored me with a commission to raise, I beg you to allow me to give through your paper such information as may be necessary to those who wish to enlist in this corps.

The object of those who are engaged in this matter is to raise an independent legion, to consist of six companies of infantry or voltigeurs, four of cavalry, and one of flying artillery, the field officers to be appointed by the President and each company to elect its own officers, who will then receive commissions from the President.

As soon as the organization of this corps is complete it will be received into the Provisional Army of the Confederate States for one year, unless its services should not be required for so long a time, in which case the President can disband

---------------

*Clipping from The Courier, Friday morning, May 3, 1861.

---------------

