
made as to may official connection when the special duty assigned me at this place shall have ended?

Asking to be presented respectfully and kindly to Mrs. Walker, although she would not say farewell to me,

I am, respectfully and truly, your friend.

H. L. CLAY.

AN ORDINANCE to appropriate money to advance to volunteers for the use of the Confederate troops.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Arkansas in convention assembled, That $10,000 be appropriated, out of any money in the treasury unappropriated, to be paid to the colonel of the regiment of volunteers now being organized in the State of Arkansas for the Confederate States, and to be by him advanced to in sums of $12 to each private and non-commissioned officer.

Be it further ordained, That said sum shall be advanced as a loan, and be repaid by said volunteers out of the first payment made to said volunteers by the Confederate States, and the colonel of said regiment is hereby made an agent to collect and transmit the same to the treasury of this State.

Be it further ordained, That upon the receipt of said sum of money by the colonel of said regiment he shall execute a receipt acknowledging the same, and engaging to use all reasonable exertions to collect from said volunteers the said sum of money and pay it into the State treasury.

Be it further ordained, That the said colonel shall take receipts from said troops for said sums advanced, promising to refund the same out of the first payments as aforesaid.

Adopted in and by the convention on the 8th day of May, A. D. 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Arkansas State Convention.

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Convention.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, May 8, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

SIR: In reply to your letter of May 6, inclosing requisitions for clothing for the Georgia companies at Pensacola, I have to say there resides in this Department no remedy for the evils of which you complain. I cannot act save by the authority of law, and under the law volunteers in the Confederate service furnish their own clothing and receive therefor commutation. The provisions of the law are plain and positive, as follows, to wit:

Said volunteers shall furnish their own clothing * * * an when called into actual service, and while remaining therein, * * * instead of clothing, every non-commissioned officer and private shall be entitled to money in a sum equal to the cost of clothing of a non-commissioned officer or private in the Regular Army of the Confederate States.

