
Your Excellency will thus perceive, that, however profound my sympathies may e with our gallant volunteers, I have no discretionary power by which I can supply clothing to the Georgia troops. The law, in fact, was intended, in view of the pressing exigencies demanding a large force in the field, without an organized quartermaster establishment, to supply the very deficiency that you bring as a charge against the service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., May 8, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Application is made to me to allow shipments of turpentine and rosin to New York. Shall I permit it?

THO. O. MOORE.

NOTE. -Answered no, because munitions of war.

J. D.

NEW ORLEANS, May 8, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

My opinion is unchanged. I will not make an experiment which my fail. Your order to reject those enlisted under your instructions must be unqualified if you desire new views carried out.

THO. O. MOORE.

A RESOLUTION in reference to money in the hands of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs and Indian agents.

Resolved, That no money or property of any kind whatever, now in the hands of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs or of any Indian agent, being placed there or designed for the Indians on the western frontier of Arkansas, shall be seized, but that the same shall so remain to be applied for and to the use of the several Indian nations faithfully, as was designed when so placed in their hands for disbursement; and the people of the State of Arkansas, here in sovereign convention assembled, do hereby pledge the sovereignty of the State of Arkansas that everything in their power shall be done to compel a faithful application of all money and property now in the hands of persons or agents, designed and intended for the several Indian tribes west of Arkansas.

Adopted in and by the convention May 9, 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Arkansas State Convention.

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Convention.

AN ORDINANCE to authorize the Government to commission certain military officers, and for other purposes.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Arkansas in convention assembled, That the Governor of the State of Arkansas is hereby

