
AN ACT to amend "An act to provide for the public defense," approved March 6, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President may receive into the service of the Confederate States any company of light artillery, which be said act be is authorized to do, with such complement of officers and men, and with such equipments as to him shall seem proper, anything in sixth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Approved May 10, 1861.

A RESOLUTION in regard to military expenditures by the State of South Carolina.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the expenditures made by the State of South Carolina for the pay and maintenance of the troops employed in the defense of Charleston Harbor, under the command of Brigadier-General Beauregard, were intended to be provided for by an act making appropriations for the support of 3,000 men for twelve months, to be called into service at Charleston, S. C., under the third and fourth sections of an act of the Congress to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States of America, and for other purpose; and that amount of such expenditures be audited by the proper officer of the Treasury Department, and that the amount which shall be found due be paid to the State of South Carolina from the appropriation made by the aforesaid.

Approved May 10, 1861.

AN ORDINANCE to adopted the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States of America.

SECTION 1. Be it ordained by the people of Arkansas in convention assembled, That the Constitution of the Confederate States of America, made and adopted at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, by the deputies of the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, and afterward adopted by the people of the State of Texas, for the provisional government of the States adopting the same, and all ordinances, laws passed and acts done not locally inapplicable, in pursuance thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby, ratified and adopted by the people of Arkansas, and declared to be in full force and effect within this State.

SEC. 2. Be it further ordained, That five delegates, to be elected by this convention, shall be, and they are hereby, constituted and appointed the deputies of Arkansas to the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States of America, with all the power and authority vested in the deputies of other States in said Congress.

SEC. 3. Be it further ordained, That it shall be the duty of the secretary of this convention to furnish said deputies with a copy of the ordinance passed on the sixth day of May, Anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-one, by this convention, dissolving the political connection between the State of Arkansas and the Government of the United States of America, and also a copy of this ordinance, which said copied shall be signed by the president and attested by the secretary of this convention.

