
SEC. 4. Be it further ordained, That this ordinance take effect and be in force within the limits and over the State of Arkansas as soon as the Congress of the Confederate States of America shall admit this State into the Confederacy thereof upon terms of equality with the other States thereof.

Adopted and passed in the convention May 10, A. D. 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Arkansas State Convention.

Attest.

ELLIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Convention.

AN ACT to make further provision for the public defense.

Whereas, war exists between the United States and the Confederate States; and whereas, the public welfare may require the reception of volunteer forces into the service of the Confederate States without the formality and delay of a call upon the respective States: [Therefore,]

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be authorized to receive into service such companies, battalions, or regiments, either mounted or on foot, as may tender themselves, and he may require, without the delay of a formal call upon the respective States, to serve for such time as he may prescribe.

SEC. 2. Such volunteer forces who may be accepted under this cat, except as herein differently provided, shall be organized in accordance with and subject to all the provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," and be entitled to all the allowances provided therein; and when mustered into service may be attached to such divisions, brigades, or regiments as the President may direct, or ordered upon such independent or detached service as the President may deem expedient: Provided, however, That battalions and regiments may be enlisted from States not of this Confederacy, and the President may appoint all or any of the field officers thereof.

SEC. 3. The President shall be authorized to commission all officers entitled to commission of such volunteer forces as may be received under the provisions of this act. And upon theofficer commanding such volunteer regiment, battalion, or company, the President may attach a supernumerary officer to each company, detailed form the Regular Army for the purpose, and for such time as the President may direct.

Approved May 11, 1861.

AN ACT relative to telegraph lines of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That during the existing war the President be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to take such control of such of the lines of telegraph in the Confederate States, and of such of the offices connected therewith, as will enable effectually to supervise the communications passing through the same, to the end that no communication shall be conveyed of the military operations of the Government to endanger the success of such operations, nor any communication calculated to injure the cause of the Confederate States, or to give aid and comfort to their enemies.

