
SEC. 2. The President shall appoint trustworthy agents in such offices and at such points on the various lines as he may think fit, whose duty it shall be to supervise all communications sent or passing through said lines, and to prevent the transmission of any communication deemed to be detrimental to the public service.

SEC. 3. In case the owners and managers of said lines shall refuse to permit such supervision, or shall fail refuse to keep up and continue the business on said lines, the President is hereby empowered to take possession of the same for the purpose aforesaid.

SEC. 4. The President shall from time to time issue instructions to the agents so appointed, and to the operators of the various lines, to regulate the transmission of communications touching the operations of the Government, or calculated to affect the public welfare.

SEC. 5. That the President, at his discretion, may employ the operators of the lines as the agents of the Government, so that in this, as in all other respectss little interference with the business and management of such lines as may be compatible with the public interest.

SEC. 6. That the compensation of the agents appointed under this act, where such agents are not officers of the company, and the expense attending the execution of the provisions of this act, shall be paid out of the Treasury.

SEC. 7. That no communications in cipher, nor enigmatical or other doubtful communication, shall be transmitted, unless the person sending the same shall be known to the agent of the Government to be trustworthy, nor until the real purport of such communication shall be explained to such agent.

SEC. 8. That the President is hereby authorized, whenever it may be found necessary or advisable for the successful prosecution of the war, to extend existing lines of telegraph, or make connections between the same, the expense of contracting such additional lines to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.

SEC. 9. That all present and future officers of the telegraph lines engaged in receiving and transmitting intelligence within the Confederate States shall, as soon as practicable after the passage of this act, or after their appointment, take and subscribe before any judicial officer of any one of the Confederate States the following oath:

I, a, b, do solemnly swear that I will support and maintain the Constitution of the Confederate States of America, and will not knowingly, directly or indirectly, transmit through the telegraph any communication or information calculated to injure the cause of the Confederate States, or to give aid or comfort to their enemies.

SEC. 10. That if any person shall knowingly send or transmit any message or communication touching the military operations of the Government, without the same being first submitted to the inspection of the agent of the Government, or any message calculated to aid and promote the cause of the enemies of the Confederate States, he shall be subject to indictment in the d the Confederate States, and on conviction shall be fined in a sum not less than $500 and imprisoned for a term not less than one year.

Approved May 11, 1861

AN ACT in relation to the Confederate loan.

Whereas, under and by virtue of the act to raise money for the support of the Government, and to provide for the defense of the Confederate

