
of the Confederate States of America be, and they are hereby, instructed and commissioned, and for that purpose they are hereby clothed with full power and authority to cede, convey, or transfer to the Government of the Confederate States of America the following grounds, lands, and property, situate in the State of Arkansas, for the use and benefit of said Confederate States of America, that is to say: Twenty acres, including the buildings, of the grounds and lands attached and belonging to the fort known as Fort Smith, in Sebastian County, and all the houses, buildings, and appurtenances thereon sie grounds and lands attached and belonging to the arsenal, situate in the city of Little Rock, and all the houses, buildings, and appurtenances thereon situate; and also the grounds and lands attached and belonging to the hospital in the city of Napoleon, in Desha County, and all the houses, buildings, and appurtenances thereon situate: Provided, however, That said for, arsenal, and hospital shall be considered necessary or useful for national purposes: And provided, also, That said Government of the Confederate States of America shall receive and admit this State into the Government of the Confederate States upon the same terms that all the other States have been received into said Confederacy, and with all the powers, privileges, and immunities belonging and pertaining to the same and each of them: And provided, also, That the said fort, arsenal, and hospital shall be continued to be used for public purposes and national objects: And provided, also, That the said Government of the Confederate States of America shall forever and at all times receive into the said arsenal and safely keep any and all State arms which may be there deposited, free of cost and expense to this State, and shall also receive and store into the magazine attached to said arsenal any and all powder or munitions of war tendered for that purpose by this State, without cost or expense.

3. Be it further ordained, That the deputies or delegates aforesaid be, and they are hereby, limited and restricted in their powers as such deputies or delegates, as far as may pertain to their power of cession in the name of this State, to the power of making cession of the above and before herein described grounds, lands, and property, and none other whatever, and the power hereby conferred upon said deputies or delegates is confided to them to be exercised or not, in their discretion.

4. Be it further ordained, That if the deputies or delegates aforesaid shall think it expedient or proper to cede to the Government of the Confederate States of America the grounds, lands, and property aforesaid, and the same are accepted by the said Confederate States, then and in that event the said Government of the Confederate States of America shall exercise the same jurisdiction over the said grounds, lands, and property so to be ceded, that the Government of the United States of America had exercised and held over the same under the acts of Congress of the United States and those of the General Assembly of this State.

Adopted and passed in and by the convention on the 11th day of May, A. D. 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Arkansas State Convention.

Attest.

ELLIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Convention.

