
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, Ga., May 11, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by last mail of your communication of the 8th instant in reply to mine of the 6th, in which I am informed that "under the law volunteers in the Confederate service furnish their own clothing and receive therefor communication. " Will you do me the favor to inform me at what time or stated periods the communication is to be paid such troops and how much to each? I make this inquiry in the hope that adequate means have been or will be provided to relieve the necessitioops now in the service of the Confederate States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, Richmond, Va., May 11, 1861.

Colonel C. DIMMOCK,Ordnance Department, Virginia Forces:

COLONEL: Major-General Lee instructs me to say to you that he desires you to enlarge you laboratory for manufacturing ammunition, &c. The troops entering the State are unprovided with ammunition, and are unserviceable without it. We will therefore have to manufacture for them and for the Virginia troops. Three times as much ammunition as is now made will be required.

I am, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, May 13, 1861.

The CONGRESS OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

I lay before Congress, for their consideration and action in relation thereto, copies of a convention* between the Confederate States and the State of Tennessee, which was concluded and signed by the commissioners of both parties at the city of Nashville on the 7th day of May, A. D. 1861, and of the ratification and confirmation of the same by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

MAY 13, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War of the Confederate States:

SIR: I apprehend, from attention to the subject and inquiry among intelligent merchants, that the resources of the Southern States cannot supply the necessities of the Army of the Confederate States with the essential articles of cloth for uniform clothing, blankets, shoes, stockings, and flannel. I respectfully suggest the measures be taken to obtain these articles from Europe. If this suggestion is favorably regarded, I hope that the important of the enumerated articles may be increased in quantity to meet the wants of the volunteers called into service. The patriotic men who have left their homes for the

---------------

*See May 7, p. 297.

---------------

