
thousand troops will be received for the war from Louisiana. For organization, see laws of Congress passed 7th and 9th of May.

L. P. WALKER.

[MAY 13, 1861. - For Walker to Cooper, authorizing the organization of a mounted regiment of Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, see Series I, VOL. III, p. 574.]

NEW ORLEANS, May 13, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Dispatch received. Acts of 7th and 9th of May not reached here. Three regiments, with their filed officers, organized. Will do my best to get them for the war.

THO. O. MOORE.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, May 13, 1861.

PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

MY DEAR SIR: Adjutant-General Evans tells me that he is going direct to you, and he will explain as to the eighty men in the cavalry enlisted for three years, now here. I think they are a fine corps, and as they are for three years, I think it would be well for the public service if you would let me try and retain them, subject to your absolute order at any time either with horses or as infantry. The officers are willing to be disbanded if you prefer it, although they are fine men. As to General Dunovant and his staff, appointed over our regular enlisted forces, he nobly came forward and said that his interest should not stand in the way a moment, and offers to resign immediately the were mustered into service, and Major Jones, according to order, is now preparing to muster and receive them into the Confederate Army. I wrote you offering another regiment for Virginia if you desired, but have received no reply. I will now proceed to take the eight regiments I have now organized and in actual encampment, four of them in and around Charleston Harbor, and propose to have them mustered into the service of the Confederate Government absolutely and immediately, upon such a plan as will secure you unconditionally for immediate orders at least six regiments, with about 840 men each. Be so kind as to let Major Evans know if you will extended the orders to Major Jones, now here, to proceed forthwith and muster these into service after he has received the regulars. The medical staff of the regular regiment of infantry and the battalion of artillery I suppose cannot be technically received according to act of Congress; but it strikes me that you could immediately issue an order to confirm and reinstate this staff, as there are only five assistant surgeons, and they have been selected after severe examination, and been serving for three months, and are eminently suitable. If you will direct Major Evans it will save much time. I think I can confidently say I have a battalion of artillery equal to any in any service.

I have the hogreat respect and esteem, yours,F. W. PICKENS.

P. S. - I take occasion to say that Colonel Ripley probably may resign, as I have reason to know, and you will have to put Major

