
TUESDAY, May 14, 1861. *

*		*		*		*		*		*

Mr. Clingman laid before Congress the following resolutions adopted by the Legislature of North Carolina, viz:

RESOLUTION authorizing the Governor to use all the powers of the State, civil and military, consistent with the constitution to protect the persons and property of our citizens and to maintain and defend the honor of North Carolina.

Whereas, the Constitution of the United States has been entirely subverted and its Government has been converted into a military despotism by the usurpations of the Administration of Abraham Lincoln; and whereas, the said Abraham Lincoln has promulgated a proclamation declaring the ports of North Carolina in a state of blockade and directing our ships engaged in lawful commerce to be seized; and whereas, such measures are, by the laws of civilized nations, only to be restored to against a foreign State and one against which war has been declared; and whereas, North Carolina has no alternative, consistent with her safety and honor, but to accept the position thus assigned to her as that of an independent and foreign State: Therefore,

Be it resolved, that the Governor is hereby authorized to use all the powers of the State, civil and military, consistent with the constitution, to protect the persons and property of our citizens and to maintain and defend the honor of North Carolina.

A true copy from the minutes of the House of Commons of North Carolina.

EDWARD CANTWELL,

Clerk House of Commons.

*		*		*		*		*		*

A RESOLUTION to ratify the agreement and convention entered into between the Commonwealth of Tennessee and the Confederate States of America.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America (two-thirds of the Congress concurring therein), that the Congress advise and consent to the ratification of the convention and agreement entered into on the 7th day of May, 1861, at Nashville, Tenn., between the Commonwealth of Tennessee, by her commissioners, and the Confederate States of America, by their commissioner, the Hon. Henry W. Hilliard.

CONGRESS, May 15, 1861.

I, Johnson J. Hooper, Secretary of the Congress of the Confederate States of America, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of resolution which was unanimously adopted by the Congress, in executive session, this 15th day of May, 1861.

Given under my hand, the day above written, at the Capitol, in the city of Montgomery.

JOHNSON J. HOOPER,

Secretary of the Congress.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, ala., May 15, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 8th instant I sent by your servant a communication of which the inclosed is a copy,+ to which I have received no reply. Learning this morning from Judge R. W. Walker that you had not

---------------

*From Journal of the Provisional Congress.

+See Moore to Walker, May 8, p. 302.

---------------

