
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Austin, Tex., May 15, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: An ordinance passed by the late convention of Texas, entitled "An ordinance to secure the friendship and co-operation of the Choctaw, Cherokee, Chickasaw, Creek, and Seminole Nations of Indians," appointed James E. Harrison and two others to proceed to said nations and invite their prompt co-operation in the formation of a Southern Confederacy.

These commissioners, having fulfilled the object of their mission, present the accompanying report, which indicates a general and propitious feeling of sympathy with the Confederate States on the part of those nations.

The active friendship of these nations is of vital importance to the South, and therefore it is that I constitute Mr. Harrison, who was the leading member of the commission and is thoroughly conversant with the whole subject, the duly accredited agent of Texas to convey his report to Your Excellency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD CLARK.

[Inclosure.]

His Excellency EDWARD CLARK,

Governor of the State of Texas:

The undersigned, commissioners appointed by the State of Texas to the Choctaw, Chickasaw, creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Nations, beg leave to submit the following report:

We started from home on the duty assigned us on the 27th day of February, 1861; crossed Red River and entered the Chickasaw Nation about thirty miles southwest of Fort Washita; visited and held a private conference with His Excellency Governor C. Harris and other distinguished men of that nation, who fully appreciated our views and the object of our mission. They informed us that a convention of the Chickasaws and Choctaws was in a few days to convene at Boggy Depot, in the Choctaw Nation, to attend to some municipal arrangements. We, in company with Governor Harris and others, made our way to Boggy Depot, conferring privately with the principal, men on our route. We arrived at Boggy Depot on the 10th day of March. Their convention or council convened on the 11th. Elected a president of the convention (Ex-Governor Walker, of the Choctaw Nation); adopted rules of decorum. On the 12th we were waited on by a committee of the convention. Introduced as commissioners from Texas, we presented our credentials and were invited to seats. The convention then asked to hear us, when Mr. James E. Harrison addressed them and a crowded auditory upon the subject of our mission, setting forth the grounds of our complaint against the Government of the United States, the wrongs we had suffered until our patience had become exhausted, endurance had ceased to be a virtue, our duty to ourselves and children demanded of us a disruption of the Government that had ceased to protect us or regard our rights; announced the severance of the old and the organization of a new Government of Confederate Sovereign States of the South, with a common kindred, common hopes, common interest, and a common destiny; discussed the power the civilized red man had in this new organization; tendering them our warmest sympathy and regard, all of which met the cordial appropriation of the convention.

