
about twenty-four miles from the Texas line, and within the limits of the Chickasaw Nation. This fort could easily be taken by a force of 200 or 300 good men, and it is submitted as to whether in the present state of affairs a foreign Government should be permitted to accumulate a large force on the borders of our country, especially a portion containing a large number of disaffected citizens who repudiate the action of the State.

In this connection it may not be improper to state that from North Fork to Red River we met over 120 wagons, movers from Texas to Kansas and other free States. These people are from Grayton, Collin, Johnson, and Denton, a country beautiful in appearance, rich in soil, genial in climate, and inferior to none in its capacity for the production of the cereals and stock. In disguise, we conversed with them freely. They had proposed by the ballot box to abolitionize at least that portion of the State. Failing in this, we suppose at least 500 voters have returned whence they came.

All of which is respectfully submitted this April 23, 1861.

JAMES E. HARRISON,

JAMES BOURLAND,

CHARLES A. HAMILTON,

Commissioners, &amp;c.

In addition to the foregoing report we beg leave to state that Mr. J. A. Echols, from Waco, accompanied us on our mission and rendered us important and efficient service.

JAMES E. HARRISON.

JAMES BOURLAND.

CHARLES A. HAMILTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES, No. 16. Richmond, Va., May 15, 1861.

Discharges from, or substitutions or transfers in, the volunteer service of the State can only be made by the authority of the Governor or the commanding general of the Virginia forces. In all such cases the application for discharge either with or without a substitute, an from whatever cause or for transfer, must first be approved by the company commander, and will be forwarded by him through his immediate commander to the headquarters of the Virginia forces, whence the order for the discharge will emanate, and be returned through the same channel to the company officer. Substitutes or recruits in a company after it has been once regularly mustered in can be duly mustered into the service at the first subsequent periodical muster, the pay commencing from the date of joining the company. The periodical musters will take place at the end of the alternate months, commencing with the 30th of June next. Rolls for these musters will be duly supplied.

By command of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 15, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Steamer Parana, English advices 7th, arrived at Saint John's. Lord John Russell stated to House of Commons naval force sent to American coast to protect British shipping, infringement international law.

