
determined by the Secretary of War, under such regulations as he may prescribe, and who shall receive the pay and allowances of a sergeant-major.

SEC. 8. That until a military school shall be established for the elementary instruction of officers for the Army, the President shall be authorized to appoint cadets from the several States in number proportionate to their representation in the House of Representatives, and ten, in addition, to be selected by him at large from the Confederate States, who shall be attached to companies in service in any branch of the Army as supernumerary officers, with the rank of cadet, who shall receive the monthly pay of $40, and be competent for promotion at such time and under such regulations as may be prescribed by the President or hereafter established by law.

SEC. 9. That the President be authorized to assign officers of the Army of the Confederate States to staff duty with volunteers or provisional troops, and to confer upon them, whilst so employed, the rank corresponding to the staff duties they are to perform.

SEC. 10. There shall be allowed and paid to every able-bodied man who shall be duly enlisted to serve in the Army of the Confederate States a bounty of $10; but the payment of $5 of the said bounty shall be deferred until the recruit shall have been mustered into the regiment into which he is to serve.

SEC. 11. That the provision of the third section of the act of the Congress of the United States making appropriations for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Government for the year ending the 30th day of June, A. D. 1861, approved June 23, 1860, which declares that no arms or military supplies whatever, which are of a patented invention, shall be purchased, nor the right of using or applying any patented invention, unless the same shall be authorized by law and the appropriation therefor explicitly set forth that it is for such patented invention (if of force within the Confederate States), shall be suspended in its operation for and during the existing war.

Approved May 16, 1861.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for the appointment of chaplains to the Army," approved May 3, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That so much of the second section of the above-recited act as fixes the pay of chaplains in the Army at eighty-five dollars be repealed, and that the pay of said chaplains be fifty dollars per month.

Approved May 16, 1861.

AN ACT to authorize the President to continue the appointments made by him in the military and naval service during the recess of Congress or the present session, and to submit them to Congress at its next session.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be authorized to continue the appointments made by him in the military and naval service during the recess of Congress or the present session, and to submit them to Congress at its next session.

Approved May 16, 1861.

