
borrowed under the provisions of this act and the interest thereon, as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.

SEC. 5. And the further enacted, That this act shall be deemed to contain all the provisions, limitations, and penalties of the act entitled "An act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and to prescribe the punishment for forging the same, and for forging certificates of stocks, bonds, or coupons," and appro1, which shall be considered as parts of this act, save the first, second, and tenth sections, and save so much as relates to interest upon Treasury notes.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of raising $10,000,000 within the present calendar year, and of providing for the ultimate redemption of the debt herein authorized to be contracted, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to collect information in regard to the value of the property, the revenue system, and the amount collected during the last fiscal year in each of the Confederate States, and to report the same to Congress at its next session, so as to enable it to lay a fair, equal, and convenient system of internal taxation for the purpose of securing the payment of the interest and principal of the debt hereby authorized to be created, in such manner as may fully discharge the obligation herein contracted by the pledge of the faith of the Confederate States to pay the principal and interest of the said debt when due.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That any State may pay into the Treasury, in anticipation of the tax aforesaid, any sum not less than $100,000 in specie or its equivalent; and if the same be paid on or before the 1st day of July next, the said State shall be allowed to set off the same with 10 per centum additional from the quota to be assessed upon the said State.

Approved May 16, 1861.

MILLEDGEVILLE, May 16, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

In your telegram of the 6th instant you instruct me to make arrangements somewhere for two regiments instead of one, meaning the one then rendezvousing at Macon and one other. I have complied with your requisition, and now have the companies for the other regiment in camp ready to rendezvous on the shortest notice. They will consent to go into service for the war. What day and at what point in the State will you receive them? I will arm and equip them. They wish to march at once, as they are on heavy expense in camp. Are fine troops, well drillaccept these troops under your requisition immediately, I will then arm and equip Colonel Gartrell's regiment at once. He is now here. Please answer immediately, as he wishes to leave for home. Answer quick.

JOS. E. BROWN.

MONTGOMERY, May 16, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Will receive the regiment for the war at once, and will muster it in at the point you designate. They will be ordered to Richmond, and must move without delay. Let me know when and where it will rendezvous.

L. P. WALKER.

