
RICHMOND, May 16, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

English Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs, stated in the House of Lords that government would not intrude advice unless asked for by contending parties, nor had Government been in communication with any foreign government regarding mediation. New York Herald says Doctor Holland, bearer of dispatches from England for Montgomery, had arrived and would be arrested.

D. G. DUNCAN.

AN ACT to admit the State of North Carolina into the Confederacy on a certain condition.

The State of North Carolina having adopted measures looking to an early withdrawal from the United States and to becoming in the future a member of this Confederacy, which measures may not be consummated before the approaching recess of Congress: Therefore,

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the State of North Carolina shall be admitted a member of the Confederate States of America, upon an equal footing with the other States, under the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the same, upon the condition that the convention of said State soon to assemble shall adopt and ratify said Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederate States, and shall transmit to the President of the Confederate States, before the reassembling of Congress, through the Governor of said State, or some other proper organ, an authentic copy of the act or ordinance of said convention so adopting and ratifying said Provisional Constitution; upon the receipt whereof the President, by proclamation, shall announce the fact; whereupon, and without any further proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of said State into this Confederacy, under said Constitution for the Provisional for the Provisional Government, shall be considered as complete, and the laws of this Confederacy shall thereby be extended over said State as fully and completely as over the other States now composing thed May 17, 1861.

AN ACT to admit the State of Tennessee into the Confederacy on a certain condition.

The State of Tennessee having adopted measures looking to an early withdrawal upon the United States and to becoming in the future a member of this Confederacy, which measures may not be consummated before the approaching recess of Congress: Therefore,

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the State of Tennessee shall be admitted a member of the Confederate States of America, upon an equal footing with the other States, under the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the same, upon the condition that the said Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederate States shall be adopted and ratified by the properly and legally constituted authorities of said State, and the Governor of said State shall transmit to the President of the Confederate States, before the reassembling of Congress, after the recess

