
aforesaid, an authentic copy of the proceedings touching said adoption and ratification by said State of said Provisional Constitution; upon the receipt whereof, the President, by proclamation, shall announce the fact; whereupon, and without any further proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of said State of Tennessee into the Confederacy, under said Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederate States, shall be considered as complete; and the laws of this Confederacy shall be thereby extended over said States as fully and completely as over the order States now composing the same.

Approved May 17, 1861.

AN ACT to provide an additional company of sappers and bombardiers for the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be added to the military establishment of the Confederate States one company of sappers and bombardiers, to consist of one captain, two first lieutenants, one second lieutenant, ten sergeants or master workmen, ten corporals or overseers, two musicians thirty-nine privates of the first class, and thirty-nine privates of the second class, who shall be instructed in and perform all the duties of sappers and bombardiers, and shall, moreover, under the orders of the chief engineer, be liable to serve by detachments in overseeing and aiding laborers upon fortifications or other works under the Engineer Department, and in supervising finished fortifications, as fort keepers, preventing injury, and making repairs.

SEC. 2. That it shall be the duty of the colonel of the engineer corps, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War, to prescribe the number, quantity, form, dimensions, &amp;c., of the necessary vehicles, arms, pontoons, tools, implements, and other supplies for the service of said company as a body of sappers and bombardiers.

SEC. 3. That the monthly pay of the captain of said company shall be $140; of each first lieutenant, $100; of the second lieutenant, $90; of the sergeants, $34, of the corporals, $20; of the musicians, $13; of the first-class privates, $17, and of the second-class privates, $13. And the said commissioned officers shall be entitled to the same allowances as all other commissioned officers of the Army, and the same right to draw forage for horses as is accorded to officers of like rank in the engineer corps; and the enlisted men shall receive the same rations and allowances as are granted to all other enlisted men in the Army.

Approved May 17, 1861.

A RESOLUTION in relation to imports from the States of Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkansas.

Resolved, That al imports from the States of Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkansas be exempted from the payment of duties; and that this exemption extend to imports from the said States now in warehouse.

Approved May 17, 1861.

