
MILLEDGEVILLE, May 17, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Will rendezvous the regiment at Atlanta to-morrow week. Will you accept it with twelve companies? That number anxious to go. Will rendezvous Colonel Gartrell's as soon as other is off.

JOS. E. BROWN.

MONTGOMERY, May 17, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH B. BROWN,

Milledgeville, ga.:

The regimental organization is ten companies. No more, therefore, can go into the regiment. Under the law passed a few days since companies from your State have been armed by the State. I understand you have issued proclamation that no company so tendering for service out of the State must carry their arms with them. The one object of the bill was to prevent delay when prompt action is so necessary. Now, I propose, if you will recall this order and permit the companies to take their arms, to supply you from the arsenal the number so taken. I hope, in view of the emergency, that you will consent.

L. P. WALKER.

MILLEDGEVILLE, May 17, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

I have responded very promptly to every call made on me for troops. The late act of Congress, to which you refer, authorizing tenders of troops to the President independent of State authority, I regard as a very dangerous infringement of State rights. I can in no degree increase dispatch in organizing regiments, as you have ordered from the August Arsenal to Virginia all the new guns in the arsenal, with which I think Georgia troops should have been armed. I cannot consent to exchange what few guns still in possession of the State, purchased by her, for the altered muskets now in the arsenal.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

RICHMOND, May 17, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Rusell's statement [in] answer [to] question [of] Ewart, member of Parliament, how [the] Government looked upon our privateers, Attorney-General's opinion the [Government] must recognize [those] legally commissioned. New York Herald attempts to make North believe Russell meant contrary. All other papers admit equivalent recognition as a nation.

D. G. DUNCAN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, May 18, 1861.

Major EDWARD C. ANDERSON,

Confederate Army, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: You are hereby directed to proceed to Europe without delay for the purpose of making purchases of munitions of war and to execute

