
such other instructions as may be intrusted to you by the heads of the Departments of this Government. On your arrival abroad you will at once, if possible, place yourself in communication with Captain Caleb Huse, who has heretofore been sent abroad on a mission similar to that now intrusted to you. The Bureau of Ordnance will furnish you with copies of the instructions with which Captain Huse is charged, and you will hasten to co-operate with him in making the purchases and shipments therein specified. Should you be unable to communicate with Captain Huse after due inquiry for that purpose, you will proceed yourself to execute all that pertains to the duties with which he was charged. You will report your address to this Department as soon as you arrive abroad and make frequent reports of your proceedings.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, May 18, 1861.

Major EDWARD C. ANDERSON:

SIR: You are hereby authorized, should circumstances in you opinion demand it, to supersede Captain Caleb Huse, who was sent to Europe as an agent of this Department to purchase ordnance, arms, and munitions of war, and to take possession of any assets or credits placed to his account as such agent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

TALLAHASSE, May 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

One regiment awaits your orders; two others ready, save arms and equipments. Can you supply? Several companies are encamped at expense of officers. Say where wanted and when.

M. S. PERRY.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, May 18, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

SIR: In reply to Your Excellency's letter of the 13th of May, relative to the transfer to this Government of the sulphur and saltpeter in possession of the authorities of Georgia, I have the honor to say that this Department will take all your purchases of ordnance and materials for ammunition, but trust Your Excellency will not insist on the proposition submitted as to the steamer Huntress. A draft on the basis of the letter of General Wayne of the 17th May had already been transmitted to Your Excellency for the sulphur and saltpeter before the receipt of your letter of the 13th saltpeter before the receipt of your letter of the 13th of May.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

