
suggestions are entitled to great consideration, and I invite your special attention to them, in the hope that you may be able to carry them out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

(Same to Lieut. Colonel L. B. Northrop, Acting Commissary-General.)

[Indorsement.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT., Montgomery, May 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I receive intimations from New Orleans and other quarters that we can get no more money at present on the Confederate loan. This makes it an urgent necessity to husband what we have. In devising plans to that end one of the most effective would be to instruct your commissaries and quartermasters to make purchases on time and payable in bonds. Sellers constantly accept from the State and from large factors arrangements whereby they render in accounts once in six months and then take pay in time notes. Now, there is no reason that I am aware of why this cannot be done by our Government, unless it arise from large sums or from the expectation of receiving cash from the Government. I am ready to co-operate in any measures to produce the desired result, and would give your officers any benefit which my town reflections or experience could add.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

AN ACT to admit the State of Arkansas into the Confederacy.

The people of the State of Arkansas, in sovereign convention, having passed an ordinance dissolving their political connection with the United States, and another ordinance adopting and ratifying the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America: Therefore-

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, that the State of Arkansas be, and is hereby, admitted into this Confederacy upon an equal footing with the other States, under the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the same.

Approved May 20, 1861.

AN ORDINANCE to dissolve the union between the State of North Carolina and the order States united with her, under the compact of government entitled "The Constitution of the United States. "

We, the people of the State of North Carolina in convention assembled, de declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared and ordained, That the ordinance adopted by the State of North Carolina in the convention of 1789, whereby the Constitution of the United States was ratified and adopted, and also all acts and parts of acts of the General Assembly ratifying and adopting amendments to the said Constitution, are hereby repealed, rescinded, and abrogated.

