
We do further declare and ordain, That the union now subsisting between the State of North Carolina and the other States, under the title of the United States of America, is hereby dissolved, and that the State of North Carolina is in full possession and exercise of all those rights of sovereignty which belong and appertain to a free and independent State.

Done in convention at the city of Raleigh this the 20th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1861, and in the eighty-fifth year of the independence of said State.

W. N. EDWARDS,

President of the Convention.

Teste.

WALTER L. STEELE,

Secretary of Convention.

AN ORDNANCE to ratify the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America.

We, the people of North Carolina, in convention assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared and ordained, That the State of North Carolina does hereby assent to and ratify the "Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America," adopted at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, on the 8th day of February, A. D. 1861, by the convention of delegates from the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana; and that North Carolina will enter into the federal association of States, upon the terms therein proposed, when admitted by the Congress or any competent authority of the Confederate States.

Done at Raleigh the 20th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1861.

W. N. EDWARDS.

Teste.

WALTER L. STEELE, of Richmond,

Secretary of the Convention.

L. C. EDWARDS, of Granville,

Assistant Secretary.

MONTGOMERY, May 20, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans:

Dispatch received from General Trudeau, stated to be with your approval, tendering regiment for the war, uniformed. Is this regiment armed and equipped, or either; and if not, will you arm and equip it?

L. P. WALKER.

NEW ORLEANS, May 20, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

General Trudeau has sent no dispatch with my approved nor my knowledge. If he has a regiment I do not know whether it is armed or equipped. I will not arm or equip any regiment before my twelve-months' volunteers decide that they will not go for the war. I have nearly 2,500 twelve-months' volunteers in the city and the country, besides three regiments for the war. Whether I will arm any more

