
States in force for that purpose; and in States which may not have provided by law for such election, according to the laws heretofore existing in such States for the election of members of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States. And on the same day the several States shall elect or appoint electors for President and Vice-President of the Confederate States of America, according to said Constitution and in the manner prescribed by the laws of the several States made for that purpose; and in States where no such laws may exist, according to the laws heretofore in force in such States for the election or appointment of electors for President Vice-President of the United States.

SEC. 2. The electors for President and Vice-President shall meet in their respective States on the first Wednesday in December, 1861, and proceed to vote for President and Vice-President, and make out lists, certify the same, and forward the same to the President of the Senate; all as directed by the said Constitution in that behalf.

SEC. 3. The members of the House of Representatives so elected, and the Senators who my be elected by the several States according to the provision of said Constitution, shall assemble at the seat of Government of the Confederate States on the 18th day of February, 1862; and the said members of the House of Representatives shall proceed to organize by the election of a Speaker, and the Senators by the election of a President of the Senate for the time being; and the President of the Senate shall, on the 19th day of February, 1862, open all the certificates; and the votes for President and Vice-President shall then be counted, as directed by said Constitution.

SEC. 4. The President of the Confederate States hall be inaugurated on the 22d day of February, 1862.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That in case the State of Virginia shall adopt and ratify the Constitution for the permanent Government of the Confederate States of America before the elections in this act provided for, she shall be entitled to elect sixteen members to the House of Representatives; and the State of North Carolina, in like case, ten members; the State of Tennessee, in like case, eleven; and the State of Arkansas, in like case, four members; the same being upon the basis of one member for every 90,000 representative population, and one additional member for a fraction over one-half of the ratio aforesaid, in each of said States, under the census of the United States taken in 1860, and being the same basis of representation fixed for the seven original States in said Constitution for permanent Government.

SEC. 6. Be it further enacted, that the same rules and principles shall be observed as to the number of Presidential electors in the States aforesaid as in the other seven original States.

Approved May 21, 1861.

AN ACT making appropriations in addition to those already made for the military service of the Confederate States of America, for the fiscal year ending the 18th day of February, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be appropriated for the pay of the officers and privates of 100 regiments of infantry, and for quartermaster's supplies of all kinds for the same, and transportation, including horses, wagons, harness, ambulances, and other necessary expenses, for the fiscal year ending the 18th of February, 1862, $27,932,493. 12.

