
AN ACT to authorize the President to confer temporary rank and command for service with troops on officers of the Confederate Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President shall be authorized to confer temporary rank and command, for service with volunteer troops, on officers of the Confederate Army, the same to be held without prejudice to their positions in said Army and to have effect only to the extent and according to the assignment made in general order.

Approved May 21, 1861.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act recognizing the existence of war between the United States and the Confederate States, and concerning letters of marque, prizes, and prize goods, approved May 6, 1861. "

The Congress of the Confederate States [of America] do enact, That the tenth section of the above-entitled act be so amended that, in addition to the bounty therein mentioned, the Government of the Confederate States will pay to the cruiser or cruisers of any private armed vessels commissioned under said act 20 per centum on the value of each and every vessel of war belonging to the enemy may be sunk or destroyed by such private armed vessel or vessels, the value of the armament to be included in the estimate; the valuation to be made by a board of naval officers appointed and their award to be approved by the President, and the amount found to be due to be payable in 8 per cent. bonds of the Confederate States.

SEC. 2. That if any person who may have invented or may hereafter invent any new kind of armed vessel, or floating battery, or defense, shall deposit a plan of the same, accompanied by suitable explanations or specifications, in the Navy Department, together with an affidavit setting forth that he is the inventor thereof, such deposit and affidavit (unless the facts set forth therein shall be disproved) shall entitle such inventor or his assigns to the sole and exclusive enjoyment of the rights and privileges conferred by this act, reserving, however, to the Government, in all cases, the right of using such invention.

Approved May 21, 1861.

AN ACT to prohibit the exportation of cotton from the Confederate States except through the sea-ports of said States, and to punish persons offending therein.

The Congress of the Confederate Stats of America do enact, that from and after the 1st day of June next, and during the existence of the blockade of any of the ports of the Confederate States of America by the Government of the United States, it shall not be lawful for any person to export any raw cotton or cotton yarn from the Confederate States of America except through the sea-ports of the said Confederate States; and it shall be the duty of all the marshals and revenue officers of the said Confederate States to prevent all violations of this act.

SEC. 2. If any person shall violate or attempt to violate or evade the provisions of the foregoing section he shall forfeit all the cotton or cotton yarn thus attempted to be illegally exported for the use of the Confederate States; and in addition thereto he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and of conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum not exceeding $5,000, or else imprisoned in some public jail or penitentiary for a period not exceeding six months, at the direction

