
of the court, after conviction upon trial by a court of competent jurisdiction.

SEC. 3. Any person informing as to a violation or attempt to violate the provisions of this act shall be entitled to one-half the proceeds of the articles forfeited by reason of his information.

SEC. 4. Any justice of the peace, on information under oath from any person of a violation or attempt to violate this act, may issue his warrant and cause the cotton or cotton yarn specified in the affidavit to be seized and retained until an investigation can be had before the courts of the Confederate States.

SEC. 5. Every steam-boat or railroad car which shall be used with the consent of the owner or person having the same in charge for the purpose of violating this act, shall be forfeited in like manner to the use of the Confederate States. But nothing in this act shall be so construed as to prohibit exportation of cotton to Mexico through its coterminous frontier.

Approved May 21, 1861.

AN ACT to provide for the cession, on the part of the State of Arkansas, of the arsenal at Little Rock, and of Fourth Smith at the city of Fourth Smith, in the State of Arkansas, to the Confederate States of America, and the acceptance of the same by the said Confederate States.

Whereas, by ordinance of the convention of the State of Arkansas, passed the 11th day of May, 1861, herewith submitted, authority was conferred upon the delegation of the State of Arkansas to cede to the Confederate States the arsenal at Little Rock, and Fort Smith at the city of Fort Smith, in the State of Arkansas, and the grounds, buildings, and appurtenances attached to each, in accordance with the terms of said ordinance: Therefore,

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, that the cession as hereinbefore recited is hereby accepted, and it is now made the duty of the Secretary of War to accent a deed of cession of the said arsenal and other property to be executed by the said delegation, and to take charge of and hold the same in the name of the Government of the Confederate States of America.

Approved May 21, 1861.

AN ORDINANCE of the Convention of the Congress of the Confederate States.

Be it ordained by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the second paragraph of the first section of the third article of the Constitution of the Confederate States of America be so amended in the first line of said paragraph as to read, "Each State shall, until otherwise enacted by law, constitute a district; " and in the sixth line, after the word "judge," add "or judges. "

Approved May 21, 1861.

A RESOLUTION to provide for the removal of the seat of Government.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, that this Congress will adjourn on Tuesday next, to meet again on the 20th day of July, at Richmond, Va. ; and that a committee of

