
three members of this Congress be appointed to make suitable arrangements for the accommodation of this Congress and of the several Executive Departments.

Resolved, further, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause the several Executive Departments, with the archives thereof, to be removed, at such time between this and the 20th day of July next as he may determine, to Richmond: Provided, however, That in case of any public emergency which may, in the judgement of the President, render it impolitic to meet in Richmond, the President shall have power by proclamation to call the Congress together at some other convenient place to be selected by him.

Approved May 21, 1861.

LONDON, ENGLAND, May 21, 1861.

OFFICER OF ARTILLERY IN CHARGE OF ORDNANCE BUREAU, C. S. A.:

SIR: In compliance with instructions from the War Department I left Montgomery on the - of April, on my way to Europe, via New York. It was my intention to have left New York by the steamer Persia on the 24th of April. I became satisfied, however, after arriving in that city, that it would be very imprudent for me to attempt to sail from that port; and acting under the advice of the gentleman through whom my financial arrangements were made, I left New York for Canada on the evening of the same day that I arrived. From Canada I went to Portland, and there took passage in the steamer of the 27th. I arrived in Liverpool on the 10th of May, and at once myself in communication with the house of Fraser, Trenholm &amp; Co., on whom I had letters of credit. I found these gentlemen, and especially Mr. Prioleau, members of the firm, ready to do everything in their power to assist me in carrying out successfully the object of my mission. On presenting my letters it appeared that I had actually but pounds 10,000 with which to purchase arms, &c.

The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury to Messers. Fraser, Trenholm & Co., informing them that my drafts on the C. S. Treasury would be honored to the amount of $200,000 would, I was assured by Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm & Co., be of on value in a commercial transaction. They expressed themselves disposed, however, to do everything for me in their power. I left Liverpool the same day for London, and called on Mr. Yancey, of the commission from the Confederate Government. I then lost no time in possessing myself of information concerning the possibility of obtaining arms and artillery in England. A very short time sufficient to satisfy me that of small-arms there were none in market of the character and quality required by the Department. There were muskets to be purchased in any quantity, called by different names. I heard of not a few Enfield rifles. These, when I came to examine them, I found to be for the most part altogether worthless. I could have purchased a few, perhaps 500, short Enfields of good quality. To ship so small a quantity as that, however, after the proclamation of the British Government, would have been an impossibility.

After fully satisfying myself that small-arms that I was willing to send to the Confederacy were not to be had either in England or Belgium, I made inquiries at the London Armory Company for Enfield rifles to be manufactured by them. This establishment is in some respects superior to every other musket manufactory in the world, and

