
to do so on short excursions of 50 or 100 miles. It would be tedious to give in full my plans for operating with our boats when ready. It would be mainly in the night, and by precipitate and silent approach. I have offered, and do again offer, to our Government my plans and my services to assist to prepare such boats, and to go in them when ready free of any remuneration. Should the Government, however, not deem it practicable, and not be disposed to fit out such boats, I shall with some associate attempt it as a private enterprise under an act which our Louisiana delegation is getting passed, and which was suggested by me, giving a fair compensation for the sinking of war vessels of the enemy, and I predict that under the act alluded to many adventures will be fit out by private enterprise, and that in this way the Government will find springing into sudden existence a very powerful means of defense.

Respectfully, yours,

JNO. A. STEVENSON,

51 Carondelet Street, New Orleans.

P. S. - I leave for New Orleans this evening, but have left my drawings and model in the office of the Secretary of the Navy.

J. A. S.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 56. Montgomery, May 22, 1861.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Brigadier Gen. S. Cooper is assigned to duty as Adjutant and Inspector General from March 16, 1861.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, May 22, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

General Wayne, in his letter of the 7th, distinctly stated that we should have saltpeter and sulphur. You now require me to take the steam-boat, for which we have no use. I trust you will not insist on what under the circumstances is impossible.

L. P. WALKER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA WAR DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, May 22, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge Your Excellency's favor of the 15th of May, and can well appreciate the embarrassment under which Your Excellency labors in respect to the apparent conflict of the rules of this Department as to periods of service in the Army, but a brief explanation of the matter, I feel quite sure, will relieve this difficulty in your mind. Congress in the beginning, as you are aware, passed bills with regard to the organization of a "regular army"

