
AN ORDINANCE to suspend the operations of an act of the General Assembly entitled "An act amendatory of the militia laws of the State of Arkansas," approved the 21st of January, 1861.

SECTION 1. Be it ordained by the people of the State of Arkansas in convention assembled. That the act of the General Assembly of said State, approved on the 21st day of January, A. D. 1861, entitled "An act amendatory of the militia laws of the State of Arkansas," be, and the same is hereby, suspended until the further order of this convention or of the General Assembly of this State.

SEC. 2. Be it further ordained, That the auditor of public accounts be, and he is hereby, prohibited from drawing warrants on the treasurer under the provisions of said act while the same is suspended, as provided in the first section of this ordinance.

SEC. 3. Be it further ordained, That this ordinance be in force from and after its adoption.

Adopted and passed in and by the convention on the 23d day of May, A. D., 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the State Convention of Arkansas.

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the State Convention of Arkansas.

MONTGOMERY, May 23, 1861.

Governor M. S. PERRY,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

I have accepted the regiment armed and equipped. If you can arm another regiment I will accept it, but cannot do so unless you do. The regiment I accepted was ordered for duty in your State.

L. P. WALKER.

ABERDEEN, May 23, 1861.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: The future policy of the Government in regard to the acceptance of volunteers demands immediate and explicit explanation. The various and conflicting reports upon the subject, in this county at least, and I presume generally, are greatly dampening and deranging the spirit of our people and the position of enlisted volunteers. It also has confused that definiteness of object and accuracy of information by which we have been able to satisfy the questionings of the masses. I have taken an active part in all the movements and discussions in this county. Five companies have been raised of about 100 each. One was called into actual service some time since; another has received its summons to the field to-day. It is now declared that no more troops for twelve months will be accepted. I have seen the order of the Department, said to be in synopsis, saying that troops for three years or during the war would be accepted by the General Government upon a direct tender. The idea of a determination not to accept twelve-months' troops, with a variety of qualifications, conditions, &amp;c., is now prevalent among our troops and people. What are the facts, all the facts, the whole truth, I am not advised. Under this uncertainty you will perceive that the drill that was going on with our present companies has stopped. Further enlistments, speeches, and public gatherings have stopped. The making of uniforms and the subscribing of money have stopped. In a word, all the companies

