
for the war and regarding the high moral character of our volunteer soldiery, not to commingle with the service enlisted troops of a less elevated moral standard, which must have followed from the organization of the regular Army. I have every reason to hope we shall soon receive a full supply of arms for every branch of the service; but in the meantime the rules guiding our action in relation to the reception of volunteers into the Confederate service may be briefly stated. Where troops offer for the war they are armed by this Department at the time they are mustered into service. Where the tender is made for twelve months only they are required before being mustered into service to arm themselves.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, May 27, 1861.

President DAVIS:

In reply to your letter of the 23d instant, received this morning, I send the advice of the council. It has been communicated to Governor Ellis by me:

The council advise that so much of the Harper's Ferry machinery adapted to the manufacture of rifles as can, in the opinion of the ordnance department, by spared without inconvenience to the service be promptly and advantageously employed at Fayetteville, be loaned to the State of North Carolina for the purpose of immediately commencing the manufacture of small arms at that point, and that the Governor of that State be invited to send suitable machinists to Virginia to take charge of so much of said machinery as it may be desirable and expedient to transfer to Fayetteville for the above-named purpose.

Approved May 22, 1861.

JOHN LETCHER.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, May 28, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

War Department, Montgomery:

SIR: When I had the honor of addressing you on the 25th instant* I flattered myself with the hope that I should experience no difficulty in inducing some four of our volunteer regiments already organized to muster into the service of the Confederate States at once, and by that means secure the use of the 4,000 guns you had the kindness to send me; but upon submitting the proposition to any one of our regiments or companies I find many members ready to be mustered into the service at once, but others objecting, and to attempt to carry out the policy is to disorganize regiments and companies and to a great extent demoralize the force now so necessary to the service of the State and the Confederate States. This I am unwilling to do. Hence the regiments-for the Confederate States must be raised for that especial purpose, which will take some time, during which, under your order, the guns you sent me are lying idle, while I have several thousand men organized and ready for the field [already mustered into the service of the State], but unarmed, with a powerful enemy menacing us every moment. If you can, consistent with your sense of duty, relax the rule laid down in your dispatch of the 20th instant so far as to allow me to put these guns into the hands of our State troops, I assure you that they shall be withdrawn from them and

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 108.

---------------

