
incumbents are all good men and true, competent, and honest, and are, or will be, very acceptable to the Indians. To make changes will be to make mischief.

Mr. Charles B. Johnson is feeding the Wichitas and other Reserve Indians under a contract which ends on the 30th of June. I have instructed him to continue feeding them during the present season under the same contract, I. E., on the same terms, which I know to be reasonable.

It is very important that some funds should be at any disposition. The State of Arkansas has furnished me an escort of a company and General McCulloch has procured me transportation. To meet contingent expenses it is necessary that at least $1,000 should be placed here subject to my draft; and, as I have several times urged, money should be placed in the proper hands to pay a bounty to each Indian that enlists.

I wish I had more definite instructions and power more distinctly expressed, especially power in so many words to make treaties and give all necessary guarantees. For without giving them nothing can be done, and I am [not] sure that John Ross will be satisfied with my statement or assurance that I have the power, or with anything less than a formal authority from the Congress. He is very shrewd. If I fail with him it will not be my fault.

I have the honor to be, sir, very truly and respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner, &amp;c.

[TALLAHASSE, FLA.,] May 29, 1861.

[Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:]

I have two regiments organized for the defense of the State and one for Virginia. Please answer.

M. S. PERRY.

RICHMOND, VA., May 29, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Troops, armed and equipped, ammunition included, are much needed. Please urge such forward with all practicable dispatch.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

ATLANTA

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Will hasten through the two regiments on hand, armed with muskets off 1842, with all possible dispatch. Will order to you, by express from Milledgeville, 10,000 ball and 10,000 buck-and-ball cartridges. Will continue to do all I possibly can to aid you.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[MAY 29,30, 1861. -For correspondence between Davis and Pickens in relation to forwarding South Carolina troops to Virginia, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part. II, pp. 119-121.]

