
will have six or seven regiments in Virginia and no general. A dispatch to me at Milledgeville by Monday saying that my request for Jackson will be granted would greatly oblige, and would give increased energy to all our movements.

I am, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[MAY 31, 1861. -For Moore to Davis, reporting Louisiana troops awaiting marching orders, and inviting attention to the necessity of an extended system of defenses for the coast, &c., see Series I, VOL. III, p. 588.]

EXECUTE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 31, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: By direction of the Governor I inclose herein a copy of an advice of the Executive Council, asking an interview with Your Excellency. The Governor suggests the hour of 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, in the council chamber at the capitol, if agreeable to you, or such other time as may suit your convenience.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

[Inclosure.]

IN COUNCIL, May 31, 1861.

The council unanimously advise that the Governor request an early interview between the President and the Governor and council, in order to ascertain what disposition should be made of the officers of the Army and Navy of the late United States, and are now in the service of the State of Virginia.

AN ORDINANCE ratifying the permanent Constitution of the people of the Confederate States of America.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Arkansas in convention assembled, That the Constitution of the people of the Confederate States of America, prepared and tendered by the delegates or deputies of the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, in Congress assembled, at the capitol of said Confederate States of America, in the city of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, and by said delegates or deputies in said Congress adopted on the 11th day of March, A. D. 1861, be, and the same is hereby, ratified by the people of the State of Arkansas as the permanent Constitution of the people of the said Confederate States of America.

Adopted and passed in and by the convention on the 1st day of June, A. D. 1861.

DAVID WALKER,

President of the Convention of the State of Arkansas.

Attest.

ELIAS C. BOUDINOT,

Secretary of the Arkansas State Convention.

