
For Perry to Walker, in relation to Florida troops and the defense of the coast, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 469.

MILLEDGEVILLE, June 1, 1861.

President DAVIS:

I wish you would direct Colonels Conner and Brumby and other colonels whose regiments are accepted under direct tender to you to order their companies to obey my orders about leaving their guns. It is said some of the companies will attempt to carry them, which will make it my duty to order them to be arrested. I am doing all I can to put every gun at my command into the service, and am sending in the State regiments fully equipped. This I will continue to do with all possible promptness. I deprecate anything like conflict between State and Confederate authority, and I feel sure you will not encourage any company to disobey my orders. I impose no restraint, only that they leave the State's arms. You shall have no cause to complain of my promptness in responding to every call while I have a gun. Please answer, as I am anxious to have the spirit of insubordination to State authority checked. If compelled I shall be obliged to use the means necessary to check it. A word from you to the colonels will stop it. Order General Phillips' brigade into camp of instruction Tuesday. Another regiment will rendezvous for Virginia at Atlanta on Wednesday, and another in a few days.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[JUNE 2,3,4, 1861. -For correspondence between Pickens and Cooper, in relation to forwarding South Carolina troops to Virginia, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, pp. 125,127,128.]

ATLANTA, GA., June 3, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: On your passage through Atlanta I stated to you that it was the object and desire of some of my friends to organize a corps of construction to serve the Government. You then requested me to write to you at Richmond, stating definitely the material that would compose the organization. William Gabbett, esq., a civil engineer and architect, and who will be active in forming the corps, will hand you the desired statement,* and will be able to give such references as may be required.

Respectfully, yours,

L. P. GRANT.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, Ga., June 3, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency the Governor to reply to yours of the 26th ultimo. He instructs me to say that your favor would have been more promptly answered but for his absence from the capital, occasioned by his engagement in mustering into service two addi-

---------------

*See Gabbett to Walker, June 11, p. 375.

---------------

