
[JUNE 5, 1861. -For Hindman to Cooper, in relation to orders for regiment from Arkansas, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 694.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Milledgeville, Ga., June 5, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: During the past winter I purchased and had shipped to Savannah a large lot of powder for the use of the State of Georgia. Subsequently a part of it was forwarded to Augusta, and, under the direction of Mr. Butt, of that city, was stored in the magazine in which was deposited the powder seized at the capture of the arsenal. The powder owned by the State is now claimed by the officers of the Confederate States in charge of the arsenal and magazine as the property of the Confederacy, supposing it to be the powder transferred with the arsenal, &amp;c., to that Government. The powder specified in the receipt given under my directions to the U. S. officer in command at the time of the surrender of the arsenal is as follows: Four hundred pounds rifle powder. Mr. Butt can unquestionably identify that as the powder claimed by me, which is about 39,000 pounds. I beg you will cause an order to be issued to the proper officers authorizing the delivery to me of the powder belonging to the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

P. S. -The balance of the powder purchased by me [100,000 pounds in all] was left in Savannah and at Fort Pulaski for the use of the Confederacy, and will be charged to that Government. That now in Augusta I want, that it may be converted into cartridges at the penitentiary in this place.

RICHMOND, VA., June 5, 1861.

Governor T. O. MOORE,

New Orleans.

Your dispatch tendering battalion of five companies armed and equipped for the war is received, and I accept it. Order it to Richmond at once.

L. P. WALKER.

CHARLESTON, June 5, 1861.

Honorable Mr. MEMMINGER:

I have telegraphed to Cooper, Myers, and the President that I have two full regiments in Columbia which they called for. Were mustered in, and I have no directions where to order them. They are the best regiments. Please see that some order is extended, and that the men are paid according to law. Lee is ready to do it, but has as yet no orders. I have sent off three regiments without the least attention to their pay or clothing, and yet Captain Lee is here, desirous to attend to them. This is doing great wrong. Let me hear, so that South Carolina may see that these regiments, now on their way to Richmond, are attended to by the paymaster.

F. W. PICKENS.

