
[JUNE 5, 1861. -For Walker to Letcher, in relation to transferred of the military force of Virginia to the Confederate States, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 134.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 9. * Richmond, Va., June 6, 1861.

UNIFORM AND DRESS OF THE ARMY.

TUNIC.

For commissioned officers.

1. All officers shall wear a tunic of gray cloth, known as cadet gray; the skirt to extend half way between the hip and the knee; double-breasted for all grades.

2. For a brigadier-general, two rows of buttons on the breast, eight in each row, placed in pairs; the distance between the rows four inches at top and three inches at bottom; stand-up collar, to rise no higher than to permit the chin to turn freely over it; to hook in front at the bottom, and slope thence up and backward, at an angle of 30 degrees, on each side; cuffs two and a half inches deep on the upper side, there to be buttoned with three small buttons, and sloped upward to a point at a distance of four inches from the end of the sleeve; pockets in the fold of the skirt, with one button at the hip and one at the end of each pocket, making four buttons on the back and skirt of the tunic, the hip buttons to range with the lowest breast buttons.

3. For a colonel, the same as for a brigadier-general, except that there will be only seven buttons in each row on the breast, placed at equal distances.

4. For a lieutenant-colonel, major, captain, and lieutenant, the same as for a colonel.

For enlisted men.

5. The uniform coat for all enlisted men shall be a double-breasted tunic of gray cloth, known as cadet gray, with the skirt extending half way between the hip and the knee; two rows of buttons on the breast, seven in each row; the distance between the rows four inches at top and three inches at bottom; stand-up collar, to rise no higher than to permit the chin to turn freely over it; to hook in front at the bottom, and slope thence backward at an angle of 30 degrees on each side; cuffs two inches and a half deep at the upper seam, to button with two small buttons, and to be slightly pointed on the upper part of the arm; pockets in the folds of the skirt. The collars and cuffs to be of the color prescribed for facings for the respective arms of service, and the edges of the tunic to be trimmed throughout with the same colored cloth. Narrow lining in the skirt of the tunic of gray material.

FACINGS.

6. The facings for general officers, and for officers of the Adjutant-General's Department, the Quartermaster-General's Department, the

---------------

*It appears that two General Orders, No. 9, were issued. See June 25, p. 398.

---------------

24 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

