
Commissary-General's Department, and the Engineers, buff. The tunic for all officers to be edged throughout with the facings designated.

7. For the Medical Department, black.

8. For the artillery, red.

9. For the cavalry, yellow.

10. For the infantry, light blue.

11. For fatigue purposes, a light-gray blouse, double-breasted, with two rows of small buttons, seven in each row; small turnover collar may be issued to the troops.

12. On all occasions of duty, except fatigue and when out of quarters, the coat will be buttoned and hooked at the collar. Officers on bureau duty may wear the tunic open.

BUTTONS.

13. For general officers and officers of the general staff, bright gilt, rounded at the edge, convex, raised eagle in the center, with stars surrounding it; large size, one inch in exterior diameter; small size, half an inch.

14. For officers of the Corps of Engineers, the same as for the general staff, except that, in place of the eagle and the stars, there will be a raised E in German text.

15. For officers of artillery, infantry, riflemen, and cavalry, gilt, convex, plain, with large, raised letter in the center-A for the artillery, I for the infantry, R for the riflemen, C for the cavalry; large size, seven-eighths of an inch in exterior diameter; small size, half an inch.

16. Aides-de-camp may wear the button of the general staff, or of their regiments or corps, at their option.

17. For enlisted men of artillery, yellow, convex, large, raised letter A in the center; three-quarters of an inch in exterior diameter.

18. For all other enlisted men, the same as for the artillery, except that the number of the regiment, in large figures, will be substituted for the letter A.

TROUSERS.

19. The uniform trousers for both officers and enlisted men will be of cloth throughout the year; made loose, and to spread well over the foot; of light [or sky] blue color for regimental officers and enlisted men; and of dark-blue cloth for all other officers; re-enforced for the cavalry.

20. For general officers, two stripes of gold lace on the outer seam, one-eighth of an inch apart, and each five-eighths of an inch in width.

21. For officers of the Adjutant-General's Department, the Quarter-master-General's Department, the Commissary-General's Department, and the Corps of Engineers, one stripe of gold lace on the outer seam, one inch and a quarter in width.

22. For the Medical Department, a black velvet stripe, one inch and a quarter in width, with a gold cord on each edge of the stripe.

23. For regimental officers, a stripe of cloth on the outer seam, one inch and a quarter in width; color according to the corps-for artillery, red; cavalry, yellow; infantry, dark blue.

24. For the non-commissioned staff of regiments and for all sergeants, a stripe of cotton webbing or braid on the outer seam, one inch and a quarter in width; color according to arm of service.

25. For all other enlisted men, plain.

