
CHAPEAU, OR COCKED HAT.

26. A chapeau, or cocked hat, will be worn by general officers and officers of the general staff and Corps of Engineers, of what is called the French pattern; the model to be deposited in the office of the Quartermaster-General.

27. Forage cap for officers, a cap similar in form to that known as the French kepi, according to pattern to be deposited in the office of the Quartermaster-General.

28. Uniform cap, according to pattern to be deposited in the office of the Quartermaster-General.

POMPON.

29. For the artillery, red.

30. For the infantry, light blue.

31. For the cavalry, yellow.

CRAVAT OR STOCK.

32. For all officers, black. When a cravat is worn, the tie not to be visible at the opening of the collar.

33. For enlisted men, black leather, according to pattern.

BOOTS.

34. For all officers, ankle or Jefferson.

35. For enlisted men of cavalry, ankle and Jefferson, according to pattern.

36. For other enlisted men, Jefferson, according to pattern.

SPURS.

37. For all mounted officers, yellow metal or gilt.

38. For enlisted mounted men, yellow metal, according to pattern.

GLOVES.

39. For general officers and officers of the general staff and staff corps, buff or white.

40. For officers of artillery, infantry, and cavalry, white.

SASH.

41. For general officers, buff silk net, with silk bullion fringe ends; sash to go twice around the waist and to tie behind the left hip; pendent part not to extend more than eighteen inches below the tie.

42. For officers of the general staff and engineers and of the artillery and infantry, red silk net; for officers of the cavalry, yellow silk net; for medical officers, green silk net-all with silk bullion fringe ends; to go around the waist and to tie as for general officers.

43. For sergeants, of worsted, with worsted bullion fringe ends; red for artillery and infantry and yellow for cavalry; to go twice around the waist and to tie as above specified.

SWORD BELT.

44. For all officers, a waist belt, not less than one inch and a half nor more than two inches wide; to be worn over the sash; the sword to be suspended from it by slings of the same material as the belt, with a book attached to the belt upon which the sword may be hung.

