
45. For general officers, Russian leather, with three stripes of gold embroidery; the slings embroidered on both sides.

46. For all other officers, black leather, plain.

47. For all non-commissioned officers, black leather, plain.

SWORD-BELT PLATE.

48. For all officers and enlisted men, gilt, rectangular, two inches wide, with a raised bright rim, a silver wreath of laurel encircling the "arms of the Confederate States. "

SWORD AND SCABBARD.

50. For all officers, of plaited leather, with tassels.

BADGES TO DISTINGUISH BANK.

51. On the sleeve of the tunic rank will be distinguished by an ornament of gold braid [in form as represented in the drawing deposited in the Quartermaster-General's Office], extending around the seam of the cuff and up the outside of the arm to the bend of the elbow; to be of one braid for lieutenants, two for captains, three for field officers, and four for general officers, the braid to be one-eighth of an inch in width.

52. On the front part of the collar of the tunic the rank of officers will be distinguished as follows:

53. On the front part of the collar of the tunic the rank of officers will be distinguished as follows:

53. General officers, a wreath with three stars inclosed, embroidered in gold. The edge of the wreath to be three-quarters of an inch from the front edge of the collar; the stars to be arranged horizontally; the center one to be one inch and a quarter in exterior diameter, and the others three-quarters of an inch.

54. Colonel, three stars embroidered in gold, arranged horizontally, and dividing equally the vertical space of the collar. Each star to be one inch and a quarter in exterior diameter; the front star to be three-quarters of an inch from the edge of the collar.

55. Lieutenant-colonel, two stars of the same material, size, and arrangement as for a colonel.

56. Major, one star of same material and size as for a colonel; to be placed three-quarters of an inch from edge of collar, and dividing equally the vertical space.

57. Captain, three horizontal bars embroidered in gold; each one-half inch in width; the upper bar to be three inches in length; the front edge of the bars to incline to correspond with the angle of the collar, and to be three-quarters of an inch from the edge; the line of the back edges to be vertical.

58. First lieutenant, two horizontal bars of same material and size as for captains, and dividing equally the vertical space of collar.

59. Second lieutenant, one horizontal bar of same material and size as for the center bar of captain, and dividing equally the vertical space of collar.

OVERCOATS FOR ENLISTED MEN.

60. For mounted men, of cadet gray cloth; stand-up collar; double-breasted; cape to reach to the cuff of the coat when the arm is extended, and to button all the way up [buttons, eighteen].

