
61. For footmen, of cadet gray cloth; stand-up collar; double-breasted; cape to reach to the elbows when the arm is extended, and to button all the way up [buttons, eighteen]. For the present, to be a talma, with sleeves, of water-proof material; black.

CHEVRONS.

62. The rank of non-commissioned officers will be marked by chevrons on both sleeves of the uniform tunic and the overcoat, above the elbow, of silk or worsted binding half an inch wide; color the same as the edging of the tunic; points down, as follows:

63. For a sergeant-major, three bars and an arc in silk.

64. For a quartermaster-sergeant, three bars and a tie in silk.

65. For an ordnance-sergeant, three bars and a star in silk.

66. For a first [or orderly] sergeant, three bars and a lozenge in worsted.

67. For a sergeant, three bars in worsted.

68. For a corporal, two bars in worsted.

HAIR AND BEARD.

69. The hair to be short; the beard to be worn at the pleasure of the individual; but, when worn, to be kept short and neatly trimmed.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, COLLECTOR'S OFFICE, New Orleans, June 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Referring to my report of the 3d instant, I have the honor to inform you that Mr. John G. Robinson, a wealthy English gentleman, who has resided many years in this city, has placed his fine yacht Gypsy, of about sixty tons burden, under British colors, and sails this day with a carefully prepared chart indicating the track of the Windsor Forest in search of that vessel. He goes ostensibly on a fishing or pleasure party, taking all the risk of capture, but for no other object than the hope of being able to give this vessel timely warning to make a port of safety. Mr. Robinson, at my suggestion, entered with zeal and alacrity upon the attempt to accomplish this object without the expectation of fee or reward in any shape, but from pure devotion to the Confederate States. I cannot doubt that this noble and patriotic service will call from the Department an expression of its appreciation commensurate with the risk incurred and the interests involved; but I beg to add that as a British subject I am satisfied that it would be more agreeable to him that whatever expression the Department should think proper to make should be of a private character, and not made public.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

P. S. -Mr. Robinson will also include the Bamberg in his search.

F. H. H.

