
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 6, 1861.

F. H. HATCH,

New Orleans:

SIR: Your letter dated 25th of May, marked private, was received on the 3d instant. In regard to the information sought by you, the Secretary of War directs me to say that in all cases where you have cause to suspect parties of being agents of the United States Government you will bring the subject to the attention of General Twiggs, who has command of the Louisiana division.

Very respectfully,

S. S. SCOTT.

[JUNE 6, 1861. -For Letcher to Walker, in relation to the transfer of the military force of Virginia to the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 135.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 7, 1861.

Governor LETCHER,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of yesterday, covering the letter of General Floyd and its inclosure, to wit, three captains' commissions, which have been regularly issued by you. Permit me to express my regret that inn the effort to organize a brigade for the defense of Southwestern Virginia and the important line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad there should have been any interference with your unquestionable authority and commendable efforts to increase the military power of Virginia. The apprehension of a movement by the enemy toward East Tennessee renders it necessary at the earliest practicable period to have, say, two regiments embodied in the Southwestern District of Virginia; and if you can consistently do so, I would be glad that the companies questioned should be left in that region until General Floyd can complete the organization of his brigade, and, if you please, that these companies should form a part of it. Inclosed please find a copy of the letter* this day addressed to General Floyd, and believe me to be,

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

MILLEDGEVILLE, June 8, 1861.

Adjt. Gen. S. COOPER:

At Colonel Conner's request I state that I make no objection to the reception of his regiment into service if they do not carry out of the State their arms or equipments.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[JUNE 8, 1861. -For General Orders, No. 25, headquarters Virginia Forces, promulgating proclamation of Governor Letcher, transferring the military and naval forces of the State of Virginia to the Confederate States, see Series I, VOL. II, p. 911.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

