
[JUNE 10, 1861. -For proclamation of Governor Jackson, of Missouri, calling out 50,000 militia to repel invasion, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 696.]

RICHMOND, VA., June 11, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate State of America:

SIR: In reply to the request of His Excellency the President to the Adjutant-General, "Learn what the views of the gentlemen as to position, duty, &amp;c., may be," I beg leave to inform you that our ideas of position are simply to find a similar rank in your service during the war to the we command at our professions and trades in the general labor market, such as the engineer to instruct or plan the work and locate the position and dimensions, the master mechanic to oversee and carry on the construction, and the operative mechanic to perform the necessary labor. As to what we would consider our duty, we had presumed that would be assigned us by your military engineers, convey our impressions as to what the duty would be, I will mention that we are prepared to construct all military works, offensive or defensive, and, if need be, to work at the same under fire; to remove without destroying structures likely to fall into the hands of the enemy and replace the same on command, and such other work as is likely to occur with your trestle-work on railroads, &c., pontoon bridging, and all other work requiring mechanism. With regard to the clause in our tender respecting "compensation other than that paid the soldiery, "I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that the men composing the 100 are of that stamp who have families entirely dependent on their skill and exertions for maintenance. Now, they naturally think, if serving you to fight when necessary, and do every mechanical work you may require, that they would be entitled to extra for their mechanism, and thereby support their families and serve their country at the same time. Should there be no present law to provide for such an organization, and you desire such service at once, we, with all our instruments and tools, will place ourselves at your disposal, with the understanding that such shall be made hereafter. I would further most respectfully assure you that all concerned in this matter or uninfluenced by self-aggrandizement.

I remain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM GABBETT,

Civil Engineer.

[Inclosure.]

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America:

We, the subscribers, representing several branches of mechanical science and art, which we deem most important and useful at the present time in the service of the Confederacy, respectfully tender ourselves, together with all the implements of our profession, to serve during the war. We have united ourselves as a "corps of construction," and desire to serve you in the capacity of telegraphic and civil engineers and masters of mechanical science. We are all past the middle age of life, having had many years of practical experience in our several vocations, feel confident that we can render our Government essential service during the present state of affairs. Should our

