
services be desirable and we properly commissioned, we can bring to your aid 100 skillful mechanics as a troop of artificers selected from and representing a fair proportion of the different trades, together with their portable tools, &amp;c. As the enrolling of such a troop would be attended with a considerable loss of time and expense without the certainty of their being accepted, we thought it advisable to solicit proper information on the subject before we proceeded further. If we are received in the capacity we offer ourselves, and are authorized to enlist a troop of artificers, what inducements can we offer them by way of compensation other than that now paid to the soldiery? An early reply to this tender is respectfully solicited.

HIRAM T. JONES.

[Telegraphic engineer and superintendent; ten years building and working lines. Have all the magnets, registers, and office material for working 100 to 500 miles.]

JAS. H. GRANT.

[Civil engineer; twenty-five years in actual service, ten of which as chief engineer on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad.]

WM. GABBETT.

[Civil engineer and architect; eight years actual service as engineer; was in the Crimea; last three years as architect designing and constructing private and public buildings in the State of Georgia.]

[AND EIGHT OTHERS],

Now residents of Atlanta, Ga.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 12, 1861.

JOHN G. ROBINSON, Esq.,

New Orleans:

SIR: This Department has learned with pleasure that you have placed your fine yacht, Gypsy with a carefully prepared chart on the track of the Windsor Forest, with the view to capture that vessel; and that you also include the Bamberg in your search. The Department is deeply sensible of the important service you thus propose to render the Confederate States of America, and not only wishes you the most brilliant success, but also hopes that your noble example may inspire other citizens with a like heroic spirit of self-sacrifice and devotion to the great cause.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Nashville, June 13, 1861.

Major Gen. GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Union City, Tenn.:

SIR: Upon receipt of your telegram of yesterday evening I immediately made arrangements to send to you the regiments of Colonel Maney and Colonel Hatton, but your dispatch of this morning relieves me from the necessity of sending them forward. *

---------------

*Neither dispatch found.

---------------

