
opposite Randolph to co-operate with the Tennessee forces, and a sufficient number of boats kept at Randolph to enable you to unite the whole force on either side of the river, it would certainly add much to the security of that line of defense.

Your note of 11th instant was received yesterday morning. I had previously ordered Doctor Ball to report for duty to Colonel McCown, and on yesterday I appointed Doctors Marable and Conway surgeons, and Doctor Pulliam an assistant surgeon, and ordered them to report for duty to you. If these should not be a sufficient number to meet the wants of the service I will make other appointments at any moment it may be necessary.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 13, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I regret I had not an opportunity of saying to you when you passed through this city a few days ago some things which it would be imprudent to communicate by letter, but I cannot resist the impulse to at least drop you a hint that may be of service and can do no harm. If I am not misinformed, you have been approached and our confidence has been secured by certain parties purporting to hail from this section, bearing honorable names, and of whom I pray you to beware. I know no facts, but I could give you circumstances and antecedents that would at least dictate the propriety of the utmost caution in your confidence and trust. This is all I dare say at present. I dare, however, beg that you will not misunderstand my position. I have up to the present time opposed the separation of Tennessee from the Federal Government, and have done so for reasons which it is not necessary now to give to you. Suffice it I believe from my soul that it was best for you, as well as for me, and that it was the salvation of the South; but let that pass. I am overruled, and I bow to the will of the majority and yield a cheerful acquiescence. My heart and my all is, of course, still with my native land. I ask nothing more than to share her destiny and her fter or for worse. I say this much that you may not suspect the integrity of my hint. I have no ambition, no aspirations, but the general prosperity. "I have no friends to reward, no enemies to punish. " No; not one. I therefore again repeat, beware, unless you know whom you confide in from here.

This State has probably gone out by 50,000 majority. This end of the State has voted 20,000 majority against it. If the secession leaders here are prudent, opposition will gradually die out, and in sixty days 20,000 bold mountain troops will be gradually die out, and in sixty days 20,000 bold mountain troops will be ready to rush to your standard; but if the harsh, senseless, indiscriminate denunciation of treason and abolitionism, and threats of shooting and hanging every gentleman that dares to entertain an honest conviction in opposition is continued by a most despicable little clique of worthless political adventures here, then nothing under heaven, I fear, will prevent an outbreak in this section that it will take the whole military power of the State to put down. In God's name, then, if you have any confidant here, counsel patience, prudence, and moderation. If this course is pursued I will pledge my head that all will be well; otherwise, as before said, the consequences are to be feared.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. J. CRAIG.

