
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, June 14, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: Your letter of the 8th instant to the President, conveying a copy of your telegram of the 7th, has been referred to this office. In answer I am instructed to inform you that the President telegraphed Your Excellency to the effect that he fully recognizes your position in reference to the arms, and that he would sustain that position. On the 10th instant Colonel Z. T. Conner was telegraphed at Macon from this office, in answer to a tender of his regiment, that his repted unless it was armed and equipped, and that the Governor of his State had declined to arm and equip it. On the 11th he telegraphed that he had everything but arms; that two companies arrived at Richmond and four on the way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[JUNE 14, 1861. -For proclamation of George Hudson, principal chief Choctaw Nation, calling for volunteer companies for service in the mounted regiment of Choctaw and Chickasaw riflemen, see Series I, VOL. III, p. 593.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR, GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, June 15, 1861.

Lieut. Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: It is decided that all payments made to troops shall commence from the time they were received into service and ordered to proceed to their destination.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., June 15, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURTON:

COLONEL: The authorities of this State having loaned the rifle machinery taken from Harper's Ferry to the authorities of North Carolina, you will please turn over the same to any authorized agent, that he may have it transported to Raleigh, taking care to retain all and any machines or parts thereof that may be necessary for the making up of muskets. The barrels and stocks suitable for the rifle and not fit for the muskets you will also turn over to said agent.

Very respectfully,

C. DIMMOCK,

Colonel of Ordnance.

