
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., June 17, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: Having accidentally heard that the War Department of the Confederacy is not informed in regard to the military force of the State, I beg leave to offer the inclosed copy of my last annual report, which may possibly be useful. It is the only printed copy remaining in the office, which is my apology for sending one so much defaced. It may be proper to add that for some years preceding the passage of an act for reorganizing the public defenses of the State, the 2d of March, 1858, the militia was totally disbanded. The present organization has been effected since that time.

*			*			*			*			*

Permit me to say that any service I can render or any information I can give will be rendered with much pleasure at any and all times when you may require it.

I am, sir, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, December 15, 1860.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: This report, which was due on the 1st day of November last, has been delayed by causes beyond my control, as you are aware. The annual consolidated returns of the militia, the Virginia Military Institute, and the State Guard, of arms in both arsenals and in the hands of the militia, are made up from returns of the brigade inspectors after the trainings in May and June and from reports of the superintendent of the Military Institute and superintendent of the armory to the 1st day of October last, as the law requires, and do not include the receipts and issues of arms since that date. I have added, however, a statement of purchases of arms made by the commissioners appointed under the act of January 21, 1860.

VIRGINIA MILITARY INSTITUTE.

The report of the Board of Visitors of the Military Institute leaves nothing for me to say respecting that valuable seminary of the State.

STATE GUARD AND ARMORY.

The Guard has improved in material under the influence of the act of Assembly placing the non-commissioned officers and privates on the pay of the infantry of the U. S. Army, but the exclusion of the officers from the benefits of that act is a poor return for meritorious service-is invidious and unjust. Their present pay does not amount to a support. The armory buildings are now in course of preparation to receive the machinery for the manufacture of arms. As the buildings will all be required for manufacturing operations, the State will have to build quarters for the officers and soldiers, and probably an arsenal, without delay. The ground adjacent, now under lease to R. Archer &amp; Co., would be sufficient and is appropriate, being a portion of the original armory property.

