
panies of light infantry, and 113 companies of riflemen. The last-named preponderates too much over the light infantry, and instead of being commissioned in parts of the State where men know nothing of the use of the rifle, should be confined chiefly to the Valley and the west, whence, in case of need, the State could draw the finest body of riflemen in the world.

These companies have been armed as follows:

Cavalry. -Twenty-four troops have been armed with sabers and pistols; twenty-six with sabers only.

Artillery. -Eleven companies with 6-pounder field guns, mounted [in all twenty-four pieces], with implements and artillery swords; one company with six 12-pounder howitzers, mounted, and with horse artillery sabers.

Light infantry. -Six companies with rifled muskets; fifty-six companies with smooth-bore percussion muskets; twenty-six companies with flint-lock muskets.

Riflemen. -Three companies with long-range rifles and sword bayonets; twenty-three companies with percussion rifles; seven companies with flint-lock rifles.

Some of the companies of light infantry and riflemen are still deficient in accouterments, but these are being supplied as rapidly as possible under contracts of the commissioners appointed under the act of January 21, 1860. The commissioners have purchased since 1st of October last thirteen rifled 6-pounder field guns and 5,000 excellent percussion muskets. Although the State has not a large stock of modern arms, she has enough arms of all descriptions fit for effective service to arm a considerable military force, and is in this respect in a much better condition than many others. It is within your own knowledge that every possible exertion has been made to meet the provisions and the intent of the act of January 21, 1860, and that the volunteers corps, as fast as they came up to the requirements of the law, have been armed and equipped as well as, with the stock in the arsenals of the State, could possibly be done. Yet, notwithstanding this notorious fact, discontent, sometimes most unreasonable, has been manifested occasionally, and not a few misrepresentations and gross perversions of truth have appeared in some of the public papers; but where everything has been done by the officers and other functionaries of the State that it was in their power to do, it would have been but a waste of time to attempt to quiet the one or correct the other.

As regards further means of defense not yet provided for, I respectfully suggest whether upon our sea-board and in the tide-water region-certainly the most exposed parts of the State-a defense upon the water as well as upon the land may not be indispensable. Two or more steamers of light draft, armed with a deck gun for round shot or a 12-pounder howitzer, or both, would probably constitute the most effective protection on the coast and along our large rivers. The State might now call into the field nearly or quite 20,000 volunteers, and have a reserve, as I believe, of 180,000 militia of the line. This force would, in case of emergency, be doubled by men above forty-five, perfectly able and more than willing to bear arms if the State shall need their services. I am not aware-indeed, I do not believe-that a plan of organization more efficient, better adapted to the habits and circumstances of our people, and less costly to the State than the one now in force could be devised. It is my decided opinion, however, that the organization of an elite force by detail from the

