
and the accompanying papers I refer. I transmit a copy of the proclamation turning over the military power of the State to the Confederate States. The terms are satisfactory, so far as I know or believe, to both sides. [Appendix F. *] The intercourse between the council and the Executive has been of the most agreeable character. The journal, regularly kept, will show that their action has been characterized by a remarkable unanimity, and it is a source of satisfaction to me to know that I have rarely felt constrained to dissent from their advice. Their services have been appreciated by me and should be appreciated by the State.

The rule which has regulated me in making appointments was to ascertain in the first place whether the applicant was loyal to the State. If he was loyal, competent, and efficient, it was all I required. In making my selections I have not regarded old party divisions. Whether a man originally belonged to the one or the other of the old political parties into which our people have been divided was an inquiry that I thought unworthy of the times. We had a common interest and a common object in defending our State against the assaults of the Federal Government, and my desire was to make our people a unit, if possible, for the successful prosecution of the great work which was before us. I think I can safely affirm that there is not the name of an unfaithful son of the Commonwealth upon the list, and it is cause of congratulation with me to know that they have been confirmed by the council with very general unanimity. No one was objected to, as I am informed, on the score of want of fidelity to the State. The commissary, quartermaster, and medical appointments were made at the earliest practicable moment after the authority was given, and although some bad appointments were made [some of which have been removed], the result has shown great efficiency in all these departments. The paymaster's department has also been organ, prove as efficient as the others.

When the war commenced I was greatly embarrassed, not only from my own want of knowledge in military matters, but also from the want of experienced military advisers, commanders, and an organized staff corps. Under these circumstances I was called at once to make provision for commands at the important points of Norfolk, Harper's Ferry, Alexandria, and Fredericksburg. Until General Lee was appointed I was without the aid and advice of an experienced military man. If I have under these circumstances committed blunders it is not be wondered at; the only wonder is that I have not made many more.

The State has paid out, under the direction of the auditing board, from the 31st day of April to the 14th day of June, the following sums, viz:

For the army $1,737,950,49

For the navy 100,748,49

Total 1,838,698,98

Outstanding allowances not yet presented at the treasury will add $100,000 to this sum. [Appendix E. +] On the 1st of July we will be required to raise $1,800,000 to pay our troops now in the field. Besides all these difficulties to encounter and overcome, the Executive, by law and by ordinances of convention, has been compelled to provide the means necessary to meet the expenditures incident to such important

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. II. p. 911.

+Not found.

---------------

