
at Brunswick, and you will have them mustered into service as the companies arrive, with fifty to eighty rank and file each, and let them hold elections for field officers when the ten companies assemble. My quartermaster have all they can do at present supplying brigade and preparing for next regiment. If you arrange supplies for new regiment as it assembles at Brunswick you can order Colonel Semmes to Virginia at your pleasure. He lacks 500 accouterments, which I will try to supply very soon. Please answer immediately, and say what you will do.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

RICHMOND, VA., June 18, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Your dispatch to the President is received. Troops mustered into service by companies must conform to Confederate organization, having not less than sixty-four rank and file. If the regiment is organized before mustered into service the organization of the companies would conform to your State law, and the regiment, in order to be entitled to elect its field officers, must do this before being mustered into service; otherwise the President would appoint the field officers.

L. P. WALKER.

MILLEDGEVILLE, June 18, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The reply of the Secretary of War makes it impossible for me to supply the regiment in place of Colonel Semmes' regiment at present.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., June 18, 1861.

EDMUND T. MORRIS,Convention of Virginia:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 18th instant I have the honor to state that I consider it very important to the military operations within Virginia that proper and easy connections of the several railroads passing through or terminating in Richmond or Petersburg should be made as promptly as possible. The want of these connections has seriously retarded the operations so far, and they may become more important. All the guns, ammunition, &amp;c., from Norfolk on reaching Petersburg Railroad or forwarded to the Richmond and Danville Railroad and to be again transported at Richmond. The transportation of troops has also been delayed in the same manner. I have previously urged the connection of the roads within the cities of Richmond and Petersburg and hope it may now be established.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

