
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, June 18, 1861.

F. A. BRISCOE, Esq.,

Winchester, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of June 12, 1861, to Mr. F. A. Baldwin, in relation to organizing a guerrilla force, I am directed to say that such a force, when organized, armed, and equipped, will be received into service, and commissions issued to the officers thereof from this office so soon as advised of compliance with foregoing requirements.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA., June 20, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America:

SIR: I take the liberty of inclosing to you a statement of Captain C. K. Sherman, late of Washington, which speaks for itself. I can from personal knowledge vouch the accuracy of most of his statement, and from my knowledge of Captain Sherman place implicit confidence in all that he says. It seems to me that he presents a strong case for your consideration, and I sincerely trust that something efficient may be done in the premises.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

SHELTON F. LEAKE.

[Inclosure.]

Memoranda for Hon. Mr. Leake.

Company A. Washington Volunteers [formerly National Volunteers], is a military company formed in Washington City, D. C. for the purpose of delivering that city from the hands of the Black Republicans into those of the South in the event of the secession of Virginia or Maryland. "Rebels," however, were scarce in Washington, and 150 men were all that could be found to aid in the glorious cause of freedom. These were at the point of the bayonet compelled to leave their homes. They are now at Camp Pickens, in the service of Virginia, and are willing and anxious to do hard service. Yet they lack accouterments and camp equiPAGE. They are entirely without cartridge and cap boxes and bayonet scabbards. Tents are being provided by the patriotic ladies of Charlottesville, thus adding one more to the many acts of kindness extended to us by them.

This company numbers sixty men, and they earnestly desire for this number those accouterments without which they cannot be very effective upon the battle-field, viz, cap and cartridge boxes, bayonet scabbards, and, if it were not asking too much, rifles or minie muskets in place of the old muskets they now have, and they fear that for want of these they may not be with the advance. We know personally the most active of our enemy, and with improved arms we will promise to make havoc among them. The muster-rolls of this company have long since been furnished, yet the officers are still uncommissioned. These memoranda are made in no spirit of complaint, but only to draw attention to our need of those things that will enable us to do good service

