
to the cause to which, with all we have of mind and soul and energy, we are so truly devoted.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. K. SHERMAN,

Captain.

AN ORDINANCE to repeal the ordinances concerning the advisory council.

Be it ordained, That the several ordinances of the convention to authorize the appointment of an advisory council, to define its authority, to increase its number, and to prescribe the compensation of its members, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

Adopted by the convention of Virginia June 19, 1861.

JNO. L. EUBANK,

Secretary of Convention.

The foregoing is a true copy of an ordinance this day furnished to me by the secretary of the convention of Virginia.

P. F. HOWARD,

Late Secretary of Advisory Council.

JUNE 20, 1861.

[JUNE 21-SEPTEMBER 4, 1861. -For correspondence between Walker and Rector in relation to the transfer of Arkansas troops to the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. III, pp. 595,597,635,639,669,682,687,688,689,694.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 23, 1861.

Hon. Messrs. GRAHAM and RUFFIN,

Commissioners from North Carolina:

GENTLEMEN: I herewith transmit you the acts passed by the Provisional Congress at its first and second sessions, and in relation to the conversation between us had on yesterday deem it proper to say that by reference to the act "to provide for the public defense," and the emendations to that act, you will find the law regulating and controlling the organization and service of the provisional forces of the Confederate States. It will be seen that volunteers have the same organization and the same pay and allowances provided for the Regular Army, and are received and mustered into service by "companies, squadrons, battalions, and regiments" only. When thus organized, according to the act "for the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States of America," they uniformly are accepted with the company and field officers selected by themselves. It is quite apparent this Department cannot receive under the law a higher military organization than that of a regiment, and it has always claimed and exercised the right to make all staff appointments, reconciling, in this respect, as far as practicable, the preferences of the volunteers with the interests of the service. Brigades are organized and general officers appointed by the authorities here. The Congress wisely confided both the one and the other to the military experience of the President, and the reservation of staff appointments to the War

