
Department was essentially necessary to the harmonious administration of the Commissariat, Quartermaster, and Surgical Bureau, operating throughout a field so extensive, and ramified as that now existing.

Some of the States, before joining their fortunes to those of the Confederates, found it necessary to make independent military preparations and to raise troops under their own laws. These troassed under Confederate authorities through agreements between their respective States and the Confederate Government. In view of the controlling necessity of the case and to avoid confusion the Confederate Government may, perhaps, in this manner have taken into its service troops not thoroughly organized according to the requirements of Congress, but in no instance has the Confederate Government stipulated to receive from a State a brigade as such, or a general officer, or yielded to a diminution of its power to regulate staff appointments at will. The organization of the Regular Army provided for at the first session of the Congress has been entirely suspended for the present, in view of the public necessities and the immediate demand for large forces in the field, only to be supplied through volunteers. This Department has been enabled the more readily to take this step in consequence of the law passed at the second session of Congress, in order to meet the proclamation issuing from the Government at Washington calling for enrollments for three years and enlistments for the war. By this law the President was authorized to receive volunteers for the war. Thousands have been so tendered, and by the fall the chief bulk of the Army now in the field from the original States composing the Confederacy will stand on the same basis as regulars. An enormous expense has been thus saved to the Government, at the same time that the effectiveness of the service, through the suspension of the organization of the Regular Army, has in no manner been diminished.

It is understood here that North Carolina has organized ten regiments for the war, to be passed under Confederate authorities, and it gives me pleasure to say that these regiments will be mustered into the service and received into the pay of this Department at the earliest moment after notification from Governor Ellis of their actual organic formation. But concerning the fact mentioned by you, that a number of volunteers in addition to the ten regimenthe war are being raised in North Carolina, it is proper for me to state that the President, under the laws of Congress authorizing him to make requisitions upon the States, will call for these troops from time to time as the public exigencies may demand. He now more especially desires to embody in the different States a reserved army corps, to be placed in camps of instruction and thoroughly prepared as regulars to meet the casualties of the battle-field and a possible reverse of arms.

To this end these forces will be enrolled for the war, will be paid and subsisted by this Department. The numbers necessary to the entire corps will be determined upon and the quota of North Carolina made known to Governor Ellis in the course of a few days.

This Department would not arrogate to itself to suggest unasked what course North Carolina should pursue in the transfer of the forts and arsenals within her limits, but as the Confederate have done me the honor to request an expression of opinion on the subject, I do not feel at liberty to decline their solicitation. Such jurisdiction over the forts and arsenals should be ceded to the Confederate Government

