
[JANUARY 3(?), 1861.]

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of the State of Alabama:

Under the authority of the commission with which you honored me I repaired to the city of Frankfort, in the State of Kentucky, on the 26th day of December last. The Legislature of that States was not in session, and no extra session has then been called by the Governor, so that I had no opportunity of conferring with the legislative department of the government. I was, however, most cordially received by the Governor, and immediately opened a consultation with His Excellency Beriah Magoffin, the Governor of the State of Kentucky.

The nature and result of that consultation is fully disclosed by the official correspondence between us, herewith submitted for your n the day after may arrival the Governor issued his proclamation convening the Legislature in extra session on the 17th day of January, "to take into consideration the interests of the Commonwealth, as the same may be involved in or connected with the present distracted condition of our common country. "

Receive assurances of the highest consideration and esteem of your friend and obedient servant,

S. F. HALE.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

FRANKFORT, December 27, 1860.

His Excellency B. MAGOFFIN,

Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky:

I have the honor of placing in your hands herewith a commission from the Governor of the State of Alabama, accrediting me as a commissioner from that State to the sovereign State of Kentucky, to consult in reference to the momentous issues now pending between the Northern and Southern States of this confederacy. Although each State, as a sovereign political community, must finally determined these grave issue for itself, yet the identity of interests, sympathy, and institutions, prevailing alike in all of the slave-holding States, in the opinion of Alabama renders it proper that there should be a frank and friendly consultation by each one with her sister Southern States touching their common grievances and the measures necessary to be adopted to protect the interest, honor, and safety of their citizens. I come, then, in a spirit of fraternity, as the commissioner on the part of the State of Alabama, to confer with the authorities of this Commonwealth in reference to the infraction of our constitutional rights, wrongs done and threatened to be done, as well as the mode and measure of redress proper to be adopted by the sovereign States aggrieved to preserve their sovereignty, vindicate their rights, and protect their citizens. In order to a clear understanding of the appropriate remedy, it may be proper to consider the rights and duties, both of the State and citizen, under the Federal compact, as well as the wrongs done and threatened. I therefore submit for the consideration of Your Excellency the following propositions, which I hope will command your assent and approval:

1. The people are the source of all political power, and the primary object of all good governments is to protect the citizen in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and property; and whenever any form of government because destructive of these ends, it is the inalienable right and the duty of the people to alter or abolish it.

