
FURLOUGHS TO ENLISTED MEN.

15. Furloughs will be granted only by the commanding officer of the post or the commanding officer of the regiment actually quartered with it. Furloughs may be prohibited at the discretion of the officer in command.

16. Soldiers on furlough shall not take with them their arms or accouterments.

FORM OF FURLOUGH.

To all whom it may concern:

17. The bearer hereof, - -, a [sergeant, corporal, or private, as the case may be] of captain - company, - regiment of -; age, - years, - eyes, - hair, and by profession a -; born in the - of -, and enlisted at -, in the - of -, on the - day of -, eighteen hundred and -, to serve for the period of -, is hereby permitted to go to -, in the county of-, State of -, he having received a furlough from the -day of - to the - day of -, at which period he will rejoin his company or regiment at -, or wherever it then may be, or be considered a deserter. Subsistence has been furnished to said - - to the - day of - and pay to the - day of -, both inclusive.

- -.

[Signature of the officer the furlough.]

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

TALLADEGA, ALA., June 25, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: There are several companies in East in Northeast and Central Alabama anxious for an opportunity to serve the Confederate States. It will be quite easy to get a regiment. I think it could be made up with proper officers in two weeks. Some captains and others interested have requested me to write to you and ascertain the conditions on which they will be received, or whether they will be received at all. The policy of appointing army officers is a good one. One or two in a regiment will give efficiency and confidence. To the gentlemen whom I represent a colonel from the Regular Army would be wholly unobjectionable. Can you not authorize Colonel James Longstreet or Captain Alfred Chapman to raise a regiment? I suggest them because an Alabamian would more readily and expeditiously organize the regiment. The lieutenant-colonel and major might be appointed from the regiment or civil life, while the adjutant could be taken from the regular line. Advise me whether you will give the authority. The men are very eager, and some have been disappointed several times. Longstreet was suggested by the men who sought my interposition; Chapman was added because he is an Alabamian.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. M. CURRY.

