
[First indorsement.]

Secretary of War for attention and report.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

The Adjutant-General has been directed to make inquiry, and if possible the wish of His Excellency will be executed.

L. P. W.

ATLANTA, June 27, 1861.

Ho. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

The Tenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers will rendezvous at Atlanta on next Monday. Who will muster them into service? Must be mustered in at Atlanta.

JOS. E. BROWN.

AN ORDINANCE to provide for the disposition of the State troops and volunteers raised under the acts of the General Assembly, respectively entitled "An act to raise 10,000 State troops, ratified the 8th day of May," and "An act to provide for the public defense, ratified the 10th day of May, 1861, and for other purposes. "

1. Be it ordained by the delegates of the people of North Carolina in convention assembled, That the State troops levied under the act of the General Assembly first aforesaid, which have been formed into regiments with proper complements of officers and men, be, and the same are hereby, transferred by regiments to the Confederate States of America upon the same terms and conditions as if they had been raised under the authority of the said Confederate States.

2. Be if further ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all levying and recruiting of troops under said act shall cease and determine from and after the 20th day of August next, and that all troops which shall have been raised under said act prior to that day shall be organized into regiments and transferred to the Confederate States in the manner and upon the terms and conditions aforesaid; and if there shall be an excess in the number of said troops sufficient to form a battalion, companies, or company, such excess may be organized according to its appropriate numbers and transferred in like manner.

3. Be if further ordained, That all appointments of officers under said act, either in the line or in the staff, over and above the number appropriated to and required by the regiments, battalions, and companies thus organized, shall cease and be vacated on the said 20th day of August next, and that His Excellency the Governor may in his discretion order any quartermaster's, commissary, or medical stores owned by the State and not required for immediate use to be turned over to the said Confederate States upon proper receipts for the articles thus delivered, to be taken by the officers accountable for the same.

4. Be it further ordained, That all commissions to officers in the aforesaid State troops issued by the Governor and Military Board under the authority of the act of the General Assembly to create a military board, ratified the 10th day of May, 1861, who shall remain in service after the 20th day of August next, as aforesaid, are hereby

