
10. Be it further ordained, That it shall be the duty of the Government to take immediate measures and issue the necessary orders to carry into effect the foregoing provisions of this ordinance.

11. Be it further ordained, That this ordinance may be amended, modified, or repealed by the General Assembly so far as regards the discharge of twelve-months' volunteers which may not have been accepted by the President of the Confederate States.

Read three times and passed, June 27, 1861.

W. N. EDWARDS,

President of Convention.

Teste.

WALTER L. STEELE,

Secretary.

L. C. EDWARDS,

Assistant Secretary.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Office of Secretary of State:

I, Rufus H. PAGE, Secretary of State in and for the State of North Carolina, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the original ordinance on file in this office.

Given under my hand this 28th day of June, 1861.

RUFUS H. PAGE,

Secretary of State.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,June 27, 1861.

President DAVID,

Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: Our distinguished friend Colonel Orr has succeeded in raising a full rifle regiment, and proposes to be received into the Confederate Army "for the war. " There is no portion of the Southern States from which a finer race of men could be selected for the war than from the very region where Colonel Orr has raised these, and I am satisfied they will do efficient service. I most cheerfully give my consent to their going immediately into Confederate service, because they come principally from the mountain districts of our State, where they can be safety spared, and also because of the high reputation of their distinguished colonel. I earnestly hope every facility will be afforded him in your power consistent with the public service. I would arm them with great pleasure if I had the arms, but having armed and equipped seven full regiments now in Virginia, and being compelled to keep three full regiments in and about Charleston fully armed, and having also recently ordered into encampment two new regiments on the sea-coast for exclusive State service and at State charge, both of whom will require arms, I find it impossible to supply any more.

From the arms taken in the late U. S. arsenal I sent 9,000 to Florida, 2,000 to Memphis, Tenn., and 1,000 to Lynchburg, Va. This has completely exhausted the supply of efficient arms. There were only 16,000 in the U. S. arsenal, and only about 10,000 were fit for real duty. So Colonel Orr will be before you with the highest claims. He proposes to have all the accouterments and equipments necessary made in his own region of country upon the principle of receiving Confederate bonds for the purpose, and I have no doubt it is a feasible

