
[Inclosure.]

AUGUSTA ARSENAL, GA., June 24, 1861.

Major J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to return the letter of Governor Brown to the Honorable Secretary of War,* and in compliance with the indorsement upon it to report that upon a careful examination of the contents of our magazine I find on hand 394 barrels Du Pont cannon powder, 1860, 9 barrels old, and 400 1/2 barrels Hazard power, making of the Du Pont and Hazard powder 49,000 pounds. Deduct the 200 barrels received a short time since by me from Memphis, and we have 29,400 pounds of cannon powder, which is probably the powder claimed by Governor Brown. I find upon inquiry of Mr. Butt that 10,000 pounds of powder were shipped from our magazine during its occupancy by the State of Charleston and Savannah. This would make 39,400 pounds, or 400 pounds more than claimed by His Excellency. I have but 9 barrels musket or rifle powder of Du Pont's or Hazard's make on hand of recent date. I have 20 barrels of 1838 and some of Garesche, 1839. This powder, though, was that originally owned by the United States. We have on hand 24 boxes of 12-pounder canister shot, fixed, and 3 boxes of 6-pounder shot, fixed. Shall I not send them to you?

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Military Store-keeper of Ordnance, C. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., June 28, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: I am directed by the Committee on Military Affairs to communicate to you the accompanying resolution, adopted by the convention of Virginia, and to request that you will reply thereto at your earliest convenience. Permit me to add that by a resolution adopted by the convention yesterday the present session will close on Monday next.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. JOHNSTON,

Chairman of the Committee.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to inquire of the Confederate Government the number of arms of every kind now in its possession, if not incompatible with the public interests to be made known, and to report to the convention, either in secret session of otherwise, as the said committee may deem proper.

LAKE CITY, June 28, 1861.

His Excellency M. S. PERRY,

Governor of Florida:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor that I proceeded to Raleigh under your commission and met Governor Ellis and his council of war. The Governor feared public sentiment would not admit of arms being sent

---------------

*See June 5, p. 386.

---------------

