
south, but in his anxiety to accede to your request suggested the propriety of the Florida regiment passing through Raleigh, at which point he would furnish them either with rifle musket and bayonet, or good muskets, and bayonets, and further stated that whether they commenced turning out arms at the Fayetteville Arsenal he would let Florida have an additional thousand muskets. In order to ascertain when we might except them, I went to the Fayetteville Arsenal, hoping to meet Colonel J. A. J. Bradford, chief of the ordnance department, in the hope of enlisting his feelings in our behalf (he being a member of the council of war). Unfortunately the colonel had left for Raleigh by the way of Wilmington, so that I did not see him. At the request of the Governor of North Carolina I stopped in Charleston to ascertain whether 1,000 saddles could be had, and in your name reported back where at least 4,000 could be found. My trip by the way of Fayetteville an detention in Charleston reduced my funds so that I used your letter of credit to the amount of $200, for which I will account whenever I hear you have reached Tallahassee. While in Charleston I kept an eye open as to where uniforms, or rather cloth for uniforms, could be had, and gave the address to a Mr. Scott, who stated he was commissioned by you to obtain such things. I reached here on Monday night and would have reported sooner, but that I understood you would be in Tallahassee very soon. The original letter of Governor Ellis I have forwarded to Tallahassee, and have taken the liberty of inclosing you a copy. * I have done this the more readily as the original was submitted to me by the Governor of North Carolina, with the remark that if I could suggest any more kindly expressions he would adopt them.

Thanking Your Excellency for the confidence reposed in me, and hoping that I discharged my mission to your satisfaction.

I have the honor to remain, yours, truly,

JAMES BANKS.

P. S. - While at Wilmington and Fayetteville I saw about eighteen tons machinery from Harper's Ferry going to Fayetteville Arsenal, so that they will soon begin to make arms there.

B.

CAMP McDONALD, June 28, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have a fine brigade of State troops now in camp at this place. The brigade is organized under an act of our State Legislature for the defense of the State. It is a fine body of men, consisting of two regiments, armed with muskets, model of 1842; one battalion of rifles, armed with new Harper's Ferry rifles; one battalion (four companies) of artillery, armed with muskets of model of 1842, and now being practiced in the school of the piece, with a half battery of artillery; also a battalion of cavalry (four companies), well armed and on good horses. I have just written the President tendering this brigade for the war. In the letter to him I have gone more into detail. I should like to know soon whether the brigade will be accepted. If so, I wish to equip it thoroughly in the shortest time possible.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

