HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,June 30, 1861.

Honorable Mr. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: According to your two requisitions sent me in February calling for 8,000 men, I ordered into service, under the immediate command of General Beauregard, eight regiments. The dispatches of Governor Letcher to me and then the dispatches of President Davis induced me to send immediately two regiments, fully armed and equipped, to Richmond, which were the first troops to enter Virginia from any State. The President Davis dispatched to me that the other eight regiments I had might be mustered into Confederate service, and I was to designate five of them to send to Virginia, and to retain the other three after they were regularly mustered into Confederate service in the State for local defense. Your directions afterward confirmed this. I accordingly had five regiments immediately mustered in by Confederate receiving officers and sent them to Virginia, where they now are with the two first sent, making in all seven full regiments with 6,800 men, and I have armed them all and furnished tents and equipments and ammunition. Some four of these regiments are now in the front lines beyond Manassas Junction. The first regiment of the eight above referred to, under Colonel Hagood, declined to muster into Confederate service, and I immediately relieved them from duty and discharged them for the present. The Sixth Regiment, under Colonel Rion, in par but seven of the companies were mustered in and the other three to fill it up are now being received. The Fourth, under Colonel Blanding, was in fact but a battalion, as part of it had previously gone to Virginia in Colonel Kershaw's regiment, and I ordered it to be filled up and except it to be completed in a very few days now.

Under the original understanding I will retain it and the Sixth at healthy positions near Charleston for the present, so that they, or at least one of them, may be relied on to strengthen the forces on Sullivan's Island on one side or the mouth of Stono on the other side, in case any sudden emergency should arise or any invasion be threatened. Of the regular enlisted troops that were turned over to the Confederate Government I have two full artillery companies in Fort Sumter and two artillery companies in Fort Moultrie, under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley. There is one company also stationed in a fort recently erected beyond the Moultrie House, on Sullivan's Island, in order to protect the upper part of the island from any landing of troops at Bull's Bay or elsewhere, and this company is under Captain Butler.

There are also three companies of infantry stationed on Sullivan's Island, and one at forts or redoubts on the North and South Islands, at the entrance of Georgetown Harbor. This company is now training as an artillery company. I have also two companies on Cole's Island, at Fort Palmetto, and two at Fort Pickens, both being located near the mouth of Stono, to guard the approaches to Charleston from that quarter. The channel there is in high tide some fourteen feet, and it was through this entrance that the British landed in the Revolution and took Charleston, and they again landed there in the war of 1812. I think it is now protected. The reserve regiment stationed at Summerville is intended to strengthen those posts, or the posts on Sullivan's Island, if necessary. I have also ordered a thorough reorganization of the Charleston troops this summer, and I have about 1,800

