
Our forts in Charleston Harbor are on a large scale for so small a State, and when cold weather sets in it will be a great object with our enemies to invade us. If I could only be sure of plenty of arms and ammunition I can defend the country or make it not worth conquering.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

F. W. PICKENS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, June 30, 1861.

MIERS W. FISHER,

Member of Convention, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of June 28 has been received, and I hasten to reply to your several inquiries. The regiment under Colonel Smith has not been transferred to remain or specifically to the Confederate States of America, but that regiment was included in the transfer of all the volunteer forces of Virginia and it is now in the Confederate service. The officers and men are entitled to pay from the Confederate States after the 30th of June, and up to that time they will receive their pay from the State of Virginia and through the officers of said State. In relation to your third inquiry, it is not deemed expedient or consistent with the efficiency of military order to permit a part of the regiment to leave the service for a time and only a part to remain in active service. The whole regiment, so long as it continues in the service at all, should remain in the field and under arms; especially since, as you say, some persons have invited the Government at Washington to send forces to Accomac and Northampton, under the pretext that they need its protection.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER.

WARM SPRINGS, June 30, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

When I had the honor of an interview with you some ten days ago upon the importance of establishing a guerrilla service in the northwest, I understood you to agree with the views presented, and that you would ask the concurrence of the President, and in the event of his approbation that the service would be ordered. Since I have anxiously awaited a communication from you; anxiously, because as a citizen of the northwest I am deeply interested not only in defeating the enemy, but in whipping him by any and all means and as speedily as possible. I am on my way home now after an absence of a week, traveling through the counties immediately east of the Alleghanies, and have several companies now forming for the service. In my own county (Pocahontas) one company was, and another nearly, formed. Mr from you at once, and, if it your pleasure, receive orders to muster the ten companies I proposed to raise into service at once, for I am satisfied that every moment's delay in the northwest is a great injury to our cause and adds strength to the enemies of our country.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WM. SKEEN.

Address me at Pocahontas Court-House, Va.

