
of the manufacturing of arms by a skillful mechanic in your vicinity. He desires to know whether the party referred to would be likely to possess the ability to fabricate such arms as the Government requires, and such other particulars as will doubtless suggest themselves to your ming.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Nashville, July 2, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of joint resolution adopted on 29th ultimo by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee,* according to the provisions of which I hereby tender to the Confederate States the provisional army of Tennessee, and propose to have them mustered into the service of that Government.

The provisional army of Tennessee is composed of twenty-two regiments of infantry, two regiments of cavalry, ten companies of artillery, engineer corps, ordnance bureau, &amp;c., commanded by Major Gen. Gid. J. Pillow, Major-General Anderson, Brigadier-Generals Zollicoffer, Cheatham, Foster, Caswell, and Sneed. The infantry fully armed and equipped ready for the field; part of the cavalry armed with revolvers and sabers, the balance with double-barrel shotguns, and all well mounted. No field batteries completed yet; a sufficient number in progress for such of our artillery companies as will not be in command of our stationary batteries on the river. Tennessee makes this tender with the hope that is will be accepted by Your Excellency, and, with perfect confidence that if it is, the Confederate States will at all times defend her soil from invasion.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

RICHMOND, FREDERICKSBURG AND POTOMAC R. R. CO.,

Richmond, July 2, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your request of this morning I herewith hand to you a copy of my recent communication to the President in relation to the railroad connections in the cities of Richmond and Petersburg. + In addition to the information therein contained you desired to be informed: First. Within what time the railroad companies concerned would bind themselves to construct these works if supplied by the Confederate States Government with the requisite pecuniary aid advanced on account of the cost of transportation to be performed by them for the Government. Second. What would be the amount of that pecuniary aid required. Third. At what time or times and in what mode and amounts those companies would refund to the Government the money so advanced. My reply to the first of

---------------

*See p. 411.

+See Daniel to Davis, June 27, p. 405.

---------------

27 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

