
first and last words of your last letter to Mr. Huse as my credentials. I have determined, as soon as I have your reply to this letter, to proceed immediately in my own carriage direct to Lord Lyons, at Washington, where I can get his vise to my passport, and so proceed to New York for instant embarkation. This will place me in England much quicker than going via the West and Quebec. (I shall not fail to return via Quebec.) Once in England, my colleagues shall have my hearty and energetic co-operation in your interests. Mr. Browne, the Assistant Secretary of State, has the means of communicating to me in cipher any communications you desire to make to me during the summer. They will go via Nashville to New York. My nephew, Mr. Josiah [G.] Low, an Englishman (thoroughly with us), will drive me to Alexandria and return with my carriage, and I shall be accompanied to England by one of my wife's maids, an English girl ten years in your family. Will you please send me a note to the effect that "Charles Green, Josiah Low, and Mary Ruxburgh have permission to leave the State and return at will with their baggage. " Your reply is all I wait for.

Respectfully, yours,

CHARLES GREEN.

[JULY 2, 1861. - For Munford to Toombs, inclosing letter from Munford to Cridland, "relative to the supposed compulsory enlistment" of British subjects in Virginia military organizations, see Series II, VOL. III, p. 687.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

July 3, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received yesterday (through the mail) your letter dated June 30, making a requisition on me for 3,000 men, that being the quota of Virginia in the reserve army corps proposed to be raised to serve for and during the war. My proclamation calling for this force will be issued in the morning, and every proper effort will be made to have the number raised as speedily as practicable. Richmond and Staunton will be designated as the accessible points for the camps of instruction, where the companies will rendezvous and be mustered into service.

I regret that I cannot concur in the principle asserted in the latter part of your communication, that "the President shall organize these companies into battalions or regiments, as he may prefer, and appoint the field officers and the staff. " On reference to the Constitution I find that the right of appointing the officers of the militia is reserved "to the States respectively. " The question seems to me, therefore, to resolve itself into this: Are the troops called for militia? If so, it seems plain to my mind that the right to officer them is with the State. If not militia, what description of troops are they? Can they be considered regulars? If so, under what authority can the State be called upon to furnish regulars? If the militia are called into service by companies, the States may be deprived of the power to appoint field officers of all grades. If by battalions, then they may be deprived of the power of appointment of all field officers of higher grade than

