
major. Surely it cannot be that the framers of the Constitution contemplated such results. I earnestly, therefore, but at the same time most respectfully, protest agae of this power. Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., July 4, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Yours of the 30th of June and 1st of July received. The 3,000 in companies, unarmed, and the two cavalry companies, armed, can be had; but the State cannot arm more than one of the regiments called for in yours of the 1st of July; it has not the arms to arm one. Leaves the State almost defenseless.

A. B. MOORE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 4, 1861.

Hon. J. L. M. CURRY,

Talladega, Ala.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 25th of June the Secretary of War directs me to say that Colonel Longstreet has been appointed general, and that Mr. Chapman should report himself for duty without delay. His location has not been known to the Department and he has never accepted his appointment. The Secretary would be glad to get a regiment, if armed. If organized before tendered it might elect its own officers; if tendered by companies the President appoints.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

RICHMOND, VA., July 4, 1861.

Governor J. E. BROWN:

SIR: Can you furnish a volunteer regiment - five companies mounted and five on foot? The mounted companies to be armed with breech-loading carbines, the foot companies to be armed with rifles. If agreeable and consistent, I wish you to give this regiment priority in the issue of arms and equipments.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS, SOUTH CAROLINA,July 5, 1861.

Honorable Mr. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received last evening your two requisitions - one dated the 30th ultimo and the other the 1st of July, instant. In the former you call for two camps of instruction, with 3,000 men, in companies, for the war. As to the details of this plan, Adjutant-General Gist, of my staff, is charged with my views, and I await his information, to be derived from you. As to the two regiments for the war, armed and equipped, I will select Colonel Orr's as one, and I most respectfully suggest that I have now the Second and Sixth Regiments in

