
camp and mustered into Confederate service, each about 1,000 strong; and if you desire either to occupy the place of Colonel Gregg's regiment, just discharged, and you will send me the requisition, I will order them on immediately; and as they are both fully armed and equipped, perhaps if you were to allow me I might get them for the war, or at least one of them, and take it as the other regiment, making two for the war, according to your requisition of the 1st instant. The advantage in this is that it would save time, and the arms are in their hands. However, they might not be willing to change their term of service from the twelve months to the war. General Gist will have a full interview with you, and he is fully acquainted with my views. You will find him a thorough-bred and accomplished officer of great information. I shall await his communications to me from Richmond.

Very respectfully and truly,

F. W. PICKENS.

[JULY 5 - OCTOBER 4, 1861. - For correspondence between the Secretary of War, Governor Harris, and General Polk, relating to transfer of the provisional army and military stores of Tennessee to the Confederate States, see Series I, VOL. IV, pp. 362, 371, 375, 379, 411, 431, 436.]
HEADQUARTERS, Atlanta, July 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 30th of June, 1861, in which you say the President deems it prudent to organize a reserve army corps of 30,000 men, and to apportion to Georgia the quota of 3,000. You then request me to receive for the war 3,000 men by independent companies. You also state that I am authorized to establish two camps of instruction at accessible points, where I will order these companies to rendezvous, when they will be mustered into service by companies, and that the camps of instruction will be under the control of your Department; that the President will appoint competent officers to take charge of them and will appoint the field and staff officers, and that it will not be a prerequisite to accepting these companies that they shall be armed. You also state that you desire two companies of cavalry to rendezvous at Corinth, Miss., and that they must be armed and equipped to be received. While I protest against the right of the President under the Constitution of the Confederate States to appoint the field and staff officers from the 3,000 volunteers called for by you and claim that the State of Georgia has this right, I will furnish the number of men required by the President, and will order them into camp of instruction at two convenient places so soon as you will inform me who will, under your instructions, receive the companies as they arrive at the place of rendezvous and make provision for their support and comfort. I have at present in camp of instruction a brigade of 2,500 men, well armed and equipped, which is intended to repel any invasion of the State. This brigade is organized under athe Legislature of this State, and it now requires all the time of the State quartermaster to attend to its wants.

