
I cannot, therefore, assist in the support of the 3,000 men required by you, nor can I promise to arm or equip any portion of them. The arms of the State are now nearly all in the service of the Confederate States, and as the funds at my command under the act of the Legislature are limited, I cannot engage to do more than equip such regiments as are organized as State regiments and such as are permitted to enter the service with field officers appointed by State authority. I will, if in my power, furnish the two companies of cavalry, armed and equipped. Having loaned the President 500 Sharps carbines for cavalry in Virginia and having armed the battalion of cavalry now in the service of the State at Camp McDonald, I fear I may find it difficult to arm and equip the companies now required. Should circumstances render it necessary for the President to employ the services of a brigade of the character above mentioned, I renew the tender heretofore made of the State's brigade, thoroughly armed and equipped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.
HEADQUARTERS,New Orleans, July 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your requisition of June 30 has been received. I will raise the two regiments you want for Memphis as early as possible. One of them, to be commanded by Colonel Marigny, is nearly ready. It will be more difficult to supply the 3,000 men you want as a reserve corps, but I will proceed to form it. Enlistments for the war, especially when they know they are to go into a camp of instruction, will be very slow. The requisitions upon the effective force of the State have already been heavy, although our people have exceed the number called for, more troops being in the field now from this State than were required to fill your requisitions. If Colonel Marigny's regiment, which is a n be considered one of those of the reserve corps, or rather as a part of the 3,000, it would be advisable. He is a man of military education. If I arm the two Memphis regiments and the 3,000 it will leave me without a gun for our own people, and surely we ought not to be without arms when we may reasonably expect an invasion ourselves in the fall at furthest. I telegraphed about the chain to be stretched across the river from fort to fort.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, COLLECTOR'S OFFICE,

New Orleans, July 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the light schooner W. R. King returned in safety to Berwick Bay on the 30th ultimo, without having fallen in with either the Bamberg or Windsor Forest. The report of Mr. H. L. Hanley, who had charge of this expedition, will be forwarded at an early day. Although unsuccessful in finding these vessels, information has been elicited that will be valuable in trans-

