
ferring the arms and munitions to the Confederate States should the Windsor Forrest have made a port in the West Indies in safety.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 7, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

SIR: I reached this place this morning from Augusta, Ga., where I spent two days with moderate success in purchasing rifles. It being Sunday, I am unable to say with what success I shall meet here, but I am satisfied that I shall be able to procure at least fifty rifles. I have shipped up to this date nearly 400 rifles, in good condition, to the commanding officer at Fort Smith. I now propose to go through the States of South Carolina and North Carolina, and perhaps Tennessee again, relying upon procuring the rest of the rifles in the two former States. I shall proceed from this place to Columbia, S. C., where I respectfully request that you will send me a draft for $250 (payable in gold) for traveling purposes. It is of great advantage to me to have gold, as I find the greatest difficulty in passing the bank notes of one State at par, in an adjoining State even. I will be in Columbia, S. C., by the time that the draft reaches there. I find everywhere I go that there are other persons in the market purchasing rifles, even at prices which I do not feel myself justified in giving. It is therefore very necessary for me to have the proper currency and the ready money to move expeditiously from place to place, and take advantage of every opportunity which offers itself to make purchases. I respectfully request that as little delay as possible may attend the forwarding of the funds.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOS. B. MILLS,

C. S. Navy.
HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,New Orleans, July 7, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Governor Moore instructs me to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 30th of June, making a further requisition upon the State of Louisiana for 3,000 troops as a corps de reserve for the war, and to state that as soon as the two regiments now being organized for the twelve months shall have been completed he will proceed to organize the companies called for, and transfer them as soon as ready to the Confederate States. The Governor desires to know whether, having selected the places for the two encampments, the companies being placed, they are to be maintained at the expense of the State of Louisiana or if the Confederate States will take charge of them and furnish the subsistence stores, &amp;c. If they are to be kept at the expense of the State until called into active service of the Confederate States he instruct me to say that he cannot do it, but that it must be done at the expense of the Confederate States.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

