
every five years' service is only paid to officers of the Regular Army of the Confederate States drawing the pay of their grade in that Army.

When transportation is furnished in kind to discharged volunteer soldiers a commutation is allowed of a ration per day for the journey from the place of discharge to the place of enrollment, the commutation being the value of the ration at the place of discharge.

Volunteers discharged before the expiration of six months' service are entitled to receive $21 - commutation of clothing not drawn.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[JULY 9, 1861. - For proclamation of Governor Pettus, calling for two regiments of volunteers from Mississippi, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 388.]

[JULY 9, 1861. - For Cooper to Letcher, requesting that the militia of the counties of Greene, Orange, Madison, Culpeper, Stafford, Rappahannock, Fauquier, Prince William, Loudoun, and Fairfax, in Virginia, be called into immediate service, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 158.]

[JULY 9 and 11, 1861. - For correspondence between Walker and Harris, in relation to requisition for two regiments for service in East Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 366.]

A TREATY of friendship and alliance made and concluded at the North Fork Village, on the North Fork of the Canadian River, in the Creek Nation, west of Arkansas, on the tenth day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, commissioner, with plenary powers, of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Creek Nation of Indians, by its chiefs, headmen, and warriors in general council assembled, of the other part.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America having, by "An act for the protection of certain Indian tribes," approved the twenty-first day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one offered to assume and accept the protectorate of the several nations and tribes of Indians occupying the country west of Arkansas and Missouri, and to recognize them as their wards, subject to all the rights, privileges and immunities, titles and guaranties, with each of said nations and tribes under treaties made with them by the United States of America; and the Creek Nation of Indians having assented thereto upon certain terms and conditions:

Now, therefore, the said Confederate States, by Albert Pike, their commissioner, constituted by the President under authority of the act of Congress in their behalf, with plenary powers for these purposes, and the Creek Nation, in general council assembled, have agreed to the following articles, that is to say:

ARTICLE I. There shall be perpetual peace and friendship, and an alliance, offensive and defensive, between the Confederate States of America, and all of their States and people, and the Creek Nation of Indians, and all its towns and individuals.

ART. II. The Creek Nation of Indians acknowledges itself to be under the protection of the Confederate States of America, and of no

