
In testimony of the passage of which and t of the members of this convention to uphold and maintain the State in the position she has assumed by said ordinance, it is signed by the president and members of this convention this the 15th day of January, A. D. 1861.

OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE,

Jackson, Miss.

I, C. A. Brougher, secretary of state of the State of Mississippi, do hereby certify that the above is a correct copy of the original ordinance of secession as the same remains on file in my office.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State of Mississippi, hereto affixed, this the 17th day of January, A. D. 1861.

[SEAL.]

C. A. BROUGHER,

Secretary of State.

[JANUARY 9, 1861. -For order of Governor Moore, of Louisiana, authorizing the enrollment of a company of volunteers for four months' service, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 611.]

AN ORDINANCE to dissolve the union between the State of Alabama and other States united under the compact styled "The Constitution of the United States of America. "*

Whereas, the election of Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin to the officers of President and Vice-President of the United States of America by a sectional party avowedly hostile to the domestic institutions and to the peace and security of the people of the State of Alabama, preceded by many and dangerous infractions of the Constitution of the United States by many of the States and people of the Northern section, is a political wrong of so insulting and menacing a character as to justify the people of the State of Alabama in the adoption of prompt and decided measures for their future peace and security; Therefore,

Be it declared and ordained by the people of the State of Alabama in convention assembled, That the State of Alabama now withdraws, and is hereby withdrawn, from the Union known as "the United States of America," and henceforth ceases to be one of said United States, and is, and of right ought to be, a sovereign and independent State.

SEC. 2. Be it further declared and ordained by the people of the State of Alabama in convention assembled, That all the powers over the territory of said State and over the people thereof heretofore delegated to the Government of the United States of America be, and they are hereby, withdrawn from said Government, and are hereby resumed and vested in the people of the State of Alabama.

Be it resolved by the people of Alabama in convention assembled, That the people of the States of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri be, and are hereby, invited to meet the people of the State of Alabama, by their delegates in convention, on the 4th day of February, A. D. 1861, at the city of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, for the purpose of

---------------

*From Journal of the Alabama Convention.

---------------

