
as the President may deem necessary within the Creek country; and the quantity of one mile square of land, including each fort or post, shall be reserved to the Confederate States, and within their sole and exclusive jurisdiction, so long as such fort or post is occupied; but no greater quantity of land beyond one mile square shall be used or occupied, nor any greater quantity of timber felled than of each is actually requisite; and if in the establishment of such fort, post, or roads, or of the agency, the property of any individual member of the Creek Nation, or any property of the nation itself, other than land, timber, stone, and earth, be taken, destroyed, or injured, just and adequate compensation shall be made by the Confederate States.

ART. XIII. The Confederate States or any company incorporated by them, or any one of themh right of way for railroads or telegraph lines through the Creek country; but in case of any incorporated company, it shall have such right of way only upon such terms and payment of such amount to the Creek Nation as may be agreed upon between it and the national council thereof; or, in case of disagreement, by making full compensation, not only to individual parties injured, but also to the nation for the right of way; all damage and injury done to be ascertained and determined in such manner as the President of the Confederate States shall direct. And the right of way granted by said nation for any railroad shall be perpetual, or for such shorter term as the same may be granted, in the same manner as if no reversion of their lands to the Confederate States were provided for, in case of abandonment by them or of extinction of their tribe.

ART. XIV. No person shall settle, farm, or raise stock within the limits of any post or fort, or of the agency, except such as are or may be [in] the employment of the Confederate States in some civil or military capacity, or such as, being subject to the jurisdiction and laws of the Creek Nation, are permitted by the commanding officer of the fort or post to do so thereat, or by the agent to do so upon the agency reserve.

ART. XV. The Confederate States shall protect the Creeks from domestic strife, from hostile invasion, and from aggression by other Indians and white persons not subject to the jurisdiction and laws of the Creek Nation; and for all injuries resulting from such invasion or aggression full indemnity is hereby guaranteed to the party or parties injured, out of the Treasury of the Confederate States, upon the same principle and according to the same rules upon which white persons are entitled to indemnity for injuries or aggression upon them committed by Indians.

ART. XVI. No person shall hereafter be licensed to trade with the Creeks, except by the agent, and with only the exceptions hereinafter mentioned, with the advice and conseal Council. Every such trader shall execute bond to the Confederate States in such form and manner as was required by the United States, or as may be required by the Bureau of Indian Affairs; and hereafter it shall be in the power of the general council of the Creek Nation to levy and collect of all licensed traders a tax not exceeding 1 1/4 per cent. on the first cost of all goods, wares, and merchandise hereafter brought by them into the nation for sale; which first cost shall, in all cases, be ascertained from the invoices, copies whereof are required to be furnished to the agent. Such tax shall be payable immediately upon and after the importation into the nation for sale; which first cost shall, in all cases, be ascertained from the invoices, copies whereof are required to be furnished to the agent. Such tax shall be payable immediately upon and after the importation into the nation of each stock of goods, but shall in no case be levied twice on the same stock or party of the same: Provided, That no tax shall be levied for the present year upon the

