
any other tribe as to it may seem good; and may sell such Indians portions of land, in fee or by less estate, or lease them portions thereof for years or otherwise, and receive to its own use the price of such sales or leases; and it alone shall determine who are members and citizens of the nation entitled to vote at elections, hold office, or share in the common lands: Provided, That when persons of another tribe shall once have been received as members of the Creek Nation they shall not be disfranchised or subjected to any other restrictions upon the right of voting than such as shall apply to the Creeks themselves. But no Indians other than Creeks and Seminoles not now settled in the Creek country shall be permitted to come therein to reside without the consent and permission of the legislative authority of the nation.

ART. XXI. If any citizen of the Confederate States or any other person, not being permitted to do so by the authorities of said nation or authorized by the terms of this treaty, shall attempt to settle upon any lands of the Creek Nation, he shall forfeit the protection of the Confederate States, and such punishment may be inflicted upon him, not being cruel, unusual, or excessive, as may have been previously prescribed by law of the nation.

ART. XXII. No citizen or inhabitant of the Confederate States shall pasture stock on the lands of the Creek Nation, under the penalty of $1 per head for all so pastured, to be collected by the authorities of the nation; but their citizen shall be at liberty at all times, and whether for business or pleasure, peaceably to travel the Creek country, and to drive their stock to market or otherwise through the same, and to halt such reasonable time on the way as may be necessary to recruit their stock, such delay being in good faith for that purpose.

ART. XXIII. It is also further agreed that the members of the Creek Nation shall have the same right of traveling, driving stock, and halting to recruit the same in any of the Confederate States as is given citizens of the Confederate States by the preceding article.

ART. XXIV. The officers and people of the Creek and Seminole Nations, respectively, shall at all times have the right of safe conduct and free passage through the lands of each other; and the members of each nation shall have the right freely, and without seeking license o settle within the country of the other, and shall thereupon be entitled to all the rights, privileges, and immunities of members thereof, including the right of voting at elections and of being deemed qualified to hold office, and excepting only that no member of either nation shall be entitled to participate in any funds belonging to the other nation. Members of each nation shall have the right to institute and prosecute suits in the courts of the other, under such regulations as may from time to time be prescribed by their respective Legislature.

ART. XXV. Any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of either the Creek or Seminole Nation, and escaping into the jurisdiction of the other, shall be promptly surrendered upon the demand of the proper authority of the nation within whose jurisdiction the offense shall be alleged to have been committed.

ART. XXVI. The Creek Nation shall promptly apprehend and deliver up all persons accused of any crime against the laws of the Confederate States or any State thereof, who may be found within its limits, on demand of any proper officer of a State or the Confederate States.

