
ART. XXVII. In addition to so much and such parts of the act of Congress of the United States enacted to regulate trade and intercourse with Indian tribes and to preserve peace on the frontiers as have been re-enacted and continued in force by the Confederate States, and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this treaty, so much of the laws of the Confederate States as provides for the punishment of crimes amounting to felony at common law or by statute against the laws, authority, or treaties of the Confederate States, and over which the courts of the Confederate States have jurisdiction, including the counterfeiting the coin or securities of the Confederate States or uttering counterfeit coin or securities, and so much of such laws as provides for punishing violators of the neutrality laws, and resistance to the progress of the Confederate States, and all the acts of the Provisional Congress providing for the common defense and welfare, so far as the same are not locally inapplicable, shall hereafter be in force in the Creek country.

ART. XXVIII. Whenever any persons who is a member of the Creek Nation shall be indicted for any offense in any court of the Confederate States or in a State court he shall be entitled as of common right to subpoena and, if necessary, compulsory process for all such witnesses in his behalf as his counsel may think necessary for his defense; and the costs of process for such witnesses, and of service thereof, and the fees and mileage of such witnesses shall be paid by the Confederate States, being afterward made, if practicable, in case of conviction, of the property of the accused. And whenever the accused is not able to employ counsel the court shall assign him one experienced counsel for his defense, who shall be paid by the Confederate States a reasonable compensation for his services, to be fixed by the court and paid upon the certificate of the judge.

ART. XXIX. The provisions of all such acts of Congress of the Confederate States as may now be in force, or may hereafter be enacted, for the purpose of carrying into effect the provision of the Constitution in regard to the redelivery or return of fugitive slaves, or fugitives from labor and service, shalbe in full force within the said Creek Nation, and shall also apply to all cases of escape of fugitive slaves from the said Creek Nation into any other Indian nation or into one of the Confederate States, the obligation upon each such nation or State to redeliver such slaves being in every case as complete as if they had escaped from another State, and the mode of procedure the same.

ART. XXX. Persons belonging to the Creek Nation shall hereafter be competent as witnesses in all cases, civil and criminal, in the courts of the Confederate States, unless rendered incompetent from some other cause than their Indian blood or descent.

ART. XXXI. The official acts of all judicial officers in the said nation shall have the same effect and be entitled to the like faith and credit everywhere as the like acts of judicial officers of the same grade and jurisdiction in any of the Confederate States; and the proceedings of the courts and tribunals of the said nation and copies of the laws and judicial and other records of the said nation shall be authenticated like similar proceedings of the courts of the Confederate States and the laws and office records of the same, and be entitled to like faith and credit.

ART. XXXII. It is hereby declared and agreed that the institution of slavery in the said nation is legal and has existed from time immemorial; that slaves are taken and deemed to be personal property;

28 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

