
that the title to slaves and other property having its origin in the said nation shall be determined by the laws and customs thereof; and that the slaves and other personal property of every person domiciled in said nation shall pass and be distributed at his or her death in accordance with the laws, usages, and customs of the said nation, which may be proved like foreign laws, usages, and customs, and shall everywhere be held valid and binding within the scope of their operation.

ART. XXXIII. No ex post facto law or law impairing the obligation of contracts shall ever be enacted by the legislative authority of the Creek Nation to affect any other persons than its own people; nor shall any citizen of the Confederate States or member of any other Indian nation or tribe be deprived of his property or deprived or restrained of his liberty, or fine, penalty, or forfeiture be imposed on him in the said country, except by the law of the land, nor without due process of law; nor shall any such citizen be in any way deprived of any of the rights guaranteed to all citizens by the Constitution of the Confederate States; and it shall be within the province of the agent to prevent any infringement of such rights and of this article, if it should in any case be necessary.

ART. XXXIV. That the Congress of the Confederate States shall establish and maintain post-offices at the most important places in the Creek Nation, and cause the mails to be regularly carried at reasonable intervals to and from the same, at the same rates of postage and in the same manner as in the Confederate States.

ART. XXXV. Whenever any stream, over which it may be desirable to establish ferries, forms the boundary of the Creek country, members of the Creek Nation shall have the right of ferriage from their own land to the opposite shore; and no more onerous terms shall be imposed by the State or nation opposite than such as it imposes upon its own citizens having ferries on the same stream.

ART. XXXVI. In consideration of the common interests of the Creek Nation and the Confederate States, and of the protection and rights guaranteed to the said nation by this treaty, the Creek Nation hereby agrees that it will, either by itself or in conjunction with the Seminole Nation, raise and furnish a regiment of ten companies of mounted men to serve in the armies of the Confederate States for twelve months, the company officers whereof shall be elected by the members of the company, and the field officers by a majority of the votes of the members of the regiment. The men shall be armed by the Confederate States, receive the same pay and allowances as other mounted troops in the service, and not be moved beyond the limits of the Indian country west of Arkansas without their consent.

ART. XXXVII. The Creek Nation hereby agrees and binds itself at any future time to raise and furnish, upon the requisition of the President, such number of troops for the defense of the Indian country and of the frontier of the Confederate States as he may fix, not out of fair proportion to the number of its population, to be employed for such terms of service as the President may fix; and such troops shall always receive the same pay and allowances as other troops of the same class in the service of the Confederate States.

ART XXXVIII. It is further agreed by the said Confederate States that the said Creek Nation shall never be required or called upon to pay, in land or otherwise, any part of the expenses of the present war, or of any war waged by or against the Confederate States.

ART. XXIX. It is further agreed that, after the restoration of peace, the Government of the Confederate States will defend the

