
frontiers of the Indian country, of which the Creek country is a part, and hold the forts and posts therein with native troops recruited among the several Indian nations included therein, under the command of officers of the Army of the Confederate States, in preference to another troops.

ART. XL. In order to enable the Creek and Seminole Nations to claim their rights and secure their interests without the intervention of counsel or agents, and as they were originally one and the same people and are now entitled to reside in the country of each other, they shall be jointly entitled to a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the Confederate States of America, who shall serve for the term of two years, and be a member of one of the said nations, over twenty-one years of age, and laboring under no legal disability by the law of either nation; and each Delegate shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges as may be enjoyed by Delegates from any Territories of the Confederate States to the said House of Representatives. Each shall receive such pay and mileage as shall be fixed by the Congress of the Confederate States. The first election for Delegate shall be held at such time and places, and be conducted in such manner as returns of such election shall be made, and he shall declare the person having the greatest number of votes to be duly elected, and give him a certificate of election accordingly, which shall entitle him to his seat. For all subsequent elections, the times, places, and manner of holding them and ascertaining and certifying the result shall be prescribed by law of the Confederate States.

ART. XLI. It is further ascertained and agreed between the parties to this treaty that the United States of America, of which the Confederate States of America were heretofore a part, were before the separation indebted, and still continue to be indebted, to the Creek Nation, and bound to the punctual payment to them of the following sums annually, on the first day of July of each year, that is to say:

Perpetual annuities, amounting in the aggregate to $24,500, under the fourth article of the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand seven hundred and ninety; the second article of the treaty of the sixteenth day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and two; and the fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

Interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on $200,000, which, by the sixth article of the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and forty [fifty]-six, the United states interest, and to pay the interest regularly and faithfully, to be applied to purposes of education among the Creeks, but which they never invested; being $10,000 per annum or more, payable perpetually.

The sum of $1,710 perpetually, the agreed cost of the wheelwright, blacksmith, and assistant blacksmith, shop and tools, and iron and steel, annually, under the eighth article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

The sum of $8,220, payable annually, until and upon and ending upon the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, being for the sums of $6,000 per annum, for education for seven years from and after the fiscal year ending thirtieth of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, under the fourth article of the treaty of the fourth day of January, A. D. one thousand

