
eight hundred and forty-five, as the same is recited in the fifth article of the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six; and of $2,220, being the estimated annual cost of the provision for two blacksmiths and assistants, shops and tools, iron and steel, under the thirteenth article of the treaty made the twenty-fourth day of March, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and which was continued for seven years from and after that fiscal year by the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

The sum of $4,710, which was payable during the pleasure of the President of the United States, as follows, to wit: $2,000 per annum for assistance in agricultural operations, under the eighth article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six; $1,000 per annum for education, under the fifth article of the treaty of the fourteenth day of February, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and $1,710 per annum, the estimated annual cost of the wagon-maker, blacksmith, and assistant, shop and tools, iron and steel, under the same fifth article of the same treaty last aforesaid; indefinite continuance of the payment of which three sums was provided for by the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

And it is also hereby ascertained and agreed between the parties to this treaty that there was due to the Creek Nation on the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, for and on account of these annuities, interest, and annual installments, and of arrearages thereof, the sum of $71,960, as follows, that is to say:

For the perpetual annuities then due, $24,500.

For interest and arrearages on the said sum of $200,000, provided to be invested for purposes of education by the sixth article of the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, which has never been invested, and the five installments of interest whereon, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, due up to and upon the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, amount to the sum of $50,000, whereof $21,000 only has been paid, the sum of $29,000.

For the two sums aforesaid due for educational purposes, $7,000.

For sums due for wagon-makers, blacksmiths, shops, iron and steel, and agricultural purposes, $7,640, and for arrearages of same, being one-half of the annual sum due on the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty, and unpaid, $3,820, or together, $11,460. And it not being desired by the Confederate States that the Creek Nation should continue to receive these annual sums from the Government of the United States, or otherwise have any further connection or communication with that Government and its superintendents and agents, therefore the said Confederate States of America do hereby assume the payment for the future of all the above-recited annuities and annual payments, and agree and bind themselves regularly and punctually to pay the same; and do also agree and bind themselves to pay immediately upon the complete ratification of this treaty the said sum of $71,960 for such annuities and annual payments due on the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and for arrearages as above stated.

ART. XLII. It is also further agreed between the said parties to this treaty that the United States of America, while the said several Confederate States were States of the said United States, held, and do still continue to hold, in their hands, invested in bonds and stocks of

