
certain States, part of all of which are now members of the said Confederacy of States, the sum of $200,742. 60, bearing an annual interest of $11,694. 54, and also arrearages of interest on the same in money, which amounted on the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, to so much as to make, with the principal, the sum of $249,937. 14, in bonds, stocks, and money, in the hands of the United States, and belonging to those persons surviving, and the legal representatives of those persons deceased, who were orphan children of the Creeks on the twenty-fourth day of March, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the same being the proceeds of the twenty sections of land selected under the direction of the President of the United States for such orphan children of the Creeks under and by virtue of the second article of the treaty of that date, and which were sold and the proceeds invested in such stock as aforesaid, under the direction of the President of the United States, in conformity to the provision of that article that said twenty sections should be divided and retained or sold for the benefit of such children as the President might direct.

And it is further agreed that in addition to this sum and to the sum of $200,000, which should have been invested under the sixth article of the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, there has also long been and still is due and owing from the said United States to certain individuals in the Creek Nation, from claims allowed by William Armstrong as commissioner, in their favor, on account of depredations by the Osages, as provided by treaty, the sum of $9,757. 70, to pay which and other like claims there has long remained in the Treasury of the United States the sum of $16,000, remainder of the sum of $30,000 allowed by treaty with the Osages, made the eleventh day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, for the purpose of paying what should be adjudged for such depredations; and the said Confederate States of America do hereby assume the duty and obligation of collecting and paying over as trustees to the said Creek Nation, for the said orphans and legal representatives of orphan children of the Creeks, all sums of money accruing, whether from interest or capital of the bonds of the several States of the Confederacy now held by the Government of the United States as trustee for the said orphans and legal representatives of orphan children of the Creeks or for the Creek Nation; and the said interest and capital as collected shall be paid over to the said orphans or legal representatives of orphans of the Creeks or to the Creek Nation for them. And the said Confederate States will request the several States whose bonds are so held to provide, by legislation or otherwise, that the capital and interest of such bonds shall not be paid to the Government of the United States, but to the Government of the Confederate States, in trust for the said orphans and legal representatives or orphans. And the said Confederate States hereby guarantee to the said Creek Nation the final settlement and full payment, upon and after the restoration of peace and the establishment and recognition of their independence, as of debts in good faith and conscience, as well as in law due and owing, on good and valuable consideration, by the said Confederate States and other of the United States, jointly, before the secession of any of the States, of all the said sums of money so due and owing by the late United States and of any sums received by that Government and now held by it by way of interest on a capital of said bonds of the States; and do also guarantee to it the full and

