
consulting with each other as to the most effectual mode of securing concerted and harmonious action in whatever measures may be deemed most desirable for our common peace and security.

And be it further resolved, That the president of this convention be, and is hereby, instructed to transmit forthwith a copy of the foregoing preamble, ordinance, and resolutions to the Governors of the several States named in said resolutions.

Done by the people of the States of Alabama, in convention assembled, at Montgomery, on this the 11th day of January, A. D. 1861.

Mr. Clemens, from the minority of the same committee, made a report with resolutions, as follows:

The undersigned, a minority of the committee of thirteen, to whom was referred all matters touching the proper mode of resistance to be adopted by the State of Alabama in the present emergency, beg leave to present the following report:

Looking to harmony of action among our own people as desirable above all other things, we have been earnestly desirous of concurring with the majority in the line of policy marked out by them, but after the most careful consideration we have been unable to see in separate State secession the most effectual mode of guarding our honor and securing our rights. Without entering into any argument upon the nature and amount of our grievances, or any speculations as to the probability of our obtaining redress and security in the Union, but looking alone to the most effectual mode of resistance, it seems to us that this great object is best to be attained by the concurrent and concerted action of all the States interested, and that it becomes us to make the effort to obtain that concurrence before deciding finally and conclusively upon our own policy.

We are further of opinion that in a matter of this importance, vitally affecting the property, the lives, and the liberties of the whole people, sound policy dictates that an ordinance of secession should be submratification and approval. To that end the resolutions which accompany this report have been prepared and are now submitted to the convention. The undersigned purposely refrain from a detailed statement of the reasons which have brought them to the conclusions at which they have arrived. The action proposed by the majority of the committee is, in its nature, final and conclusive; there is no chance for rehearing or revision; and we feel no disposition to submit an argument, whose only effect will be to create discontent and throw difficulties in the way of a policy the adoption of which we are powerless to prevent. In submitting our own plan, and using all fair and honorable means to secure it acceptance, our duty is fully discharged. To insist upon objections, when they can have no effect but to excite dissatisfaction among the people, is alike foreign to our feelings and our conceptions of patriotic duty. The resolutions hereinbefore referred to are prayed to be taken as part of this report, and the whole is herewith respectfully submitted.

JERE. CLEMENS.

DAVID P. LEWIS.

WM. O. WINSTON.

A. KIMBALL.

R. S. WATKINS.

R. JEMISON, Jr.

Whereas, repeated infractions of the Constitution of the United States by the people and States of the Northern section of the confederacy have been followed by the election of sectional candidates, by a strictly sectional vote, to the Presidency and Vice-Presidency of the United States, upon a platform of principles insulting and menacing to the Southern States; and whereas, it becomes a free people to watch with jealous vigilance and resist with manly firmness every attempt to subvert the free and equal principles upon which our Government was originally founded and ought alone to be maintained: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the people of Alabama in convention assembled, That the States of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri be, and they are hereby, requested to meet us in general convention in the city of Nashville, in the State of Tennessee, on the 22d of February, 1861, for the purpose of taking into consideration the wrongs of which we have cause to complain, the appropriate remedy therefor, and the time and manner of its application.

