
Thus done, signed, and sealed, at the North Fork Village, on the North Fork of the Canadian River, this tenth day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

[SEAL.]

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner of the Confederate States to the

Indian Nations West of Arkansas.

RATIFICATION by the Congress.

Resolved (two-thirds of the Congress concurring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to the ratification of the articles of treaty, including the secret article and supplementary article, made by Albert Pike, commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, in behalf of the Confederate States of the one part and the Creek council assembled, of the other part, concluded at the North Fork Village, on the North Fork of the Canadian River, in the Creek Nation, on the tenth day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, with the following amendments:

1. Strike out from Article XXVIII the following words, "and the State court," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "or in a State court, subject to the laws of the State. "

2. Add at the end of Article XXX the following words, "and the Confederate States will request the several States of the Confederacy to adopt and enact the provisions of this article in respect to suits and proceedings in their respective courts. "

3. Strike out from Article XI the following words, "the same rights and privileges as may be enjoyed by Delegates from any Territories of the Confederate States in the said House of Representatives," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "a seat in the hall of the House of Representatives, to propose and introduce measures for the benefit of said nations, and to be heard in regard thereto, and on other questions in which either of said nations is particularly interested, with such other rights and privileges as may be determined by the House of Representatives. "

NOTE. - The foregoing amendments were subsequently ratified by general council of the Creek Nation.

[JULY 10, 1861. - For Walker to Pickens, in relation to forwarding troops to Richmond, Va., see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 159.]

RICHMOND, July 11, 1861.

CHARLES G. WAGNER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

What number of arms are there at Montgomery? Answer at once.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., July 11, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

None but a box containing seven rifles, left by Lieutenant Mills.

CHAS. G. WAGNER.

