
RICHMOND, July 11, 1861.

JOHN C. BOOTH,

Baton Rouge, LA.:

Report at once the number of muskets and other arms you have in charge.

L. P. WALKER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 11, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

SIR: Your several communications of June 28 and July 6 and 8 have been received. By the policy adopted, with the approval of the President, in carrying out the law of Congress, it was not intended to oppose the policy of the State in the matter of field officers of regiments. The purpose was to get companies rapidly into camps of instruction, and it was thought practicable to furnish instructors for camps where the highest rank was that of captain; not so if colonels were present. No right is claimed by the President to require the Governors of the States to aid in this mode of raising an army, but it was supposed a request would be followed by co-operation. If, therefore, instead of companies you prefer to tender regiments, organized by yourself, so be it, and hope your preference will cause no delay or loss of efficiency from pursuing that plan. The appointing power is one the exercise of which is far from desirable with the President, and in this, as in other things, I doubt not he will endeavor to harmonize his views with yours as far as the laws will permit, to the end that the public service will be promoted by cordial co-operation. In my previous letter making requisition for 3,000 men I requested that you would indicate the location of the camps of instruction. When this is done a quartermaster and commissary will be appointed for each camp, and officers will detailed to take charge of them. Without promising such persons as you may suggest for quartermasters and commissaries will be appointed, I nevertheless request that you will name such persons as in your opinion are suitable for those positions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.
HEADQUARTERS,New Orleans, July 11, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

SIR: I have received through the Secretary of War the requisition for 3,000 troops, to be furnished in companies and to be placed in camps of instruction. About the same time I received his request to be furnished with two additional regiments for service in your Mississippi Valley. Our Ninth Regiment will leave to-day and on the 13th for Richmond, under command of Colonel Richard Taylor, and, with the battalions of Dreux, of the Zouaves, Wheat's, and Walton's artillery, make about 10,000 men. This does not include one regiment at Pensacola, or that of artillery at the forts below the city, nor that recently furnished to General Twiggs for service on our coast. Besides

