
these troops there are several independent companies from this State now in Virginia, and General Tochman's brigade here, which have been tendered to and received by the Secretary of War; and in addition to these, advertisements have within a day or two been inserted in our newspapers by one Colonel Miller and others, announcing that he (or they) have authority from Your Excellency to raise new regiments. I have to represent to Your Excellency that the formation of these independent companies, battalions, and regiments interferes very materially with me in complying with the Secretary's requisition. I shall have no difficult in supplying the two regiments now asked for, but I believe it to be utterly impossible to raise and put in camp the 3,000 for instruction if volunteers have the alternative of tendering themselves to and of being received into active service by the Secretary of War. I respectfully call your early attention to this matter and hope will give it due consideration.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE.

A TREATY of friendship and alliance, made and concluded at the North Fork Village, on the North Fork of the Canadian River, in the Creek Nation, west of Arkansas, on the twelfth day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, commissioner with plenary powers, of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Choctaw Nation of Indians, by Robert M. Jones, Sampson Folsom, Forbis Leflore, George W. Harkins, Jr., Allen Wright, Alfred Wade, Coleman Cole, James Riley, Rufus Folsom, William B. Pitchlynn, McKee King, William King, John P. Turnbull, and William Bryant, commissioners appointed by the principal chief of the said Choctaw Nation, in pursuance of an act of the Legislature thereof, and the Chickasaw Nation of Indians, by Edmund Pickens, Holmes Colbert, James Gamble, Joel Kemp, William Kemp, Winchester Colbert, Henry C. Colbert, James N. McLish, Martin W. Allen, John M. Johnson, Samuel Colbert, Archibald Alexander, Wilson Frazier, Christopher Columbus, A-sha-lah Tobbe, and John E. Anderson, commissioners elected by the Legislature of the said Chickasaw Nation, of the other part.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America having, by "An act for the protection of certain Indian tribes,: " approved the twenty-first day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, offered to assume and accept the protectorate of the several nations and tribes of Indians occupying the country west of Arkansas and Missouri, and to recognize them as their wards, subject to all the rights, privileges, and immunities, titles, and guarantees with each of said nations and tribes under treaties made with them by the United States of America; and the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations of Indians having each assented thereto, upon certain terms and conditions:

Now, therefore, the said Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, their commissioner, constituted by the President, under authority of the act of Congress in their behalf, with plenary powers for these purposes, and the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, by their respective commissioners aforenamed, have agreed to the following articles, that is to say:

ARTICLE 1. There shall be perpetual peace and friendship and an alliance, offensive and defensive, between the Confederate States of America and all of their States and people and the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations and all the people thereof.

ART. II. The Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations of Indians acknowledge themselves to be under the protection of the Confederate States of America, and of no other power or sovereign whatever; and do

