
hereby stipulate and agree with them that they will not hereafter, nor shall any one of their people, contract any alliance, or enter into any compact, treaty, or agreement with any individual State or with a foreign power; and the said Confederate States do hereby assume and accept the said protectorate, and recognize the said Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, now here freely given, the country whereof they are proprietors in fee, as the same is hereinafter described, is annexed to the Confederate States in the same manner and to the same extent as it was annexed to the United States of America before the Government was dissolved, with such modifications, however, of the terms of annexation, and upon su are hereinafter expressed, in addition to all the rights, privileges, immunities, titles, and guarantees with or in favor of the said nations, under treaties made with them, and under the statutes of the United States of America.

ART. III. The Confederate States of America having accepted the said protectorate, hereby solemnly promise the said Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations never to desert or abandon them, and that under no circumstances will they permit the Northern States or any other enemy to overcome them and sever the Choctaws and Chickasaws from the Confederacy; but that they will, at any cost and all hazards, protect and defend them and maintain unbroken the ties created by identity of interests and institutions, and strengthened and made perpetual by this treaty.

ART. IV. The following shall constitute and remain the boundaries of the Choctaw and Chickasaw country, that is to say: Beginning at a point on the Arkansas River 100 paces east of old Fort Smith, where the western boundary line of the State of Arkansas crosses that river, and running thence to Red River by the line between the State of Arkansas and the Choctaw and Chickasaw country, as the same was resurveyed and marked under the authority of the United States, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five; thence up Red River to the point where the meridian of 100 degrees west longitude crosses the same; thence north along said meridian to the main Canadian River; thence down said river to its junction with the Arkansas River; thence down said river to the place of beginning. The boundaries of the said country, on the north and on the south, between the said east and west lines being the same in all respects, with all riparian and other rights and privileges, as they were fixed, created, and continued by the treaties of the eighteenth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and of the twenty-seventh day of September, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty.

ART. V. It is hereby agreed by and between the Choctaw and Chickaw Nations that the boundaries of the Chickasaw country shall hereafter continue to be as follows, that is to say: Beginning on the north bank of Red River, at the mouth of Island Bayou, where it empties into Red River, about twenty-six miles on a straight line, below the mouth of False Washita; thence running a northwesterly course along the main channel of said bayou to the junction of the three prongs of said bayou nearest the dividing ridge between the Washita and Low Blue Rivers, as laid down on Captain R. L. Hunter's map; thence northerly along the eastern prong of Island Bayou to its source; thence due north to the Canadian River; thence west along the main Canadian to the ninety-eighth degree of west longitude;

