
demand, if necessary, the aid of the military for that purpose, with the following exceptions only, that is to say: Such individuals, with their families, as may be in the employment of the Government of the Confederate States; all persons peaceably traveling or temporarily sojourning in the country, or trading therein under license from the proper authority; and such persons as may be permitted by the Choctaws or Chickasaws, with the assent of the agent of the Confederate States, to reside within their respective limits without becoming members of either of said nations.

ART. XVI. A tract of two sections of land in each of said nations, to be selected by the President of the Confederate States, at such points as he may deem most proper, including, if he pleases, the present site of the agency in each nation, is hereby ceded to the Confederate States; and when selected shall be within their sole and exclusive jurisdiction: Provided, That whenever the agency for either nation shall be discontinued the tract so selected therein shall revert to the said Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, with all the buildings that may then be thereon: And provided also, That the President may at any time, in his discretion, select in lieu of either said reserves any unoccupied tract of land in the same nation, and in any other part thereof, not greater in extent than two sections, as a site for the agency for such nation, which shall in such case constitute the reserve, and that first selected shall thereupon revert to the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations.

ART. XVII. The Confederate States shall have the right to build, establish, and maintain such forts and military posts, temporary or deem necessary within the Choctaw and Chickasaw country; and the quantity of one mile square of land, including each for or post, shall be reserved to the Confederate States, and within their sole and exclusive jurisdiction, so long as such fort or post is occupied; but no greater quantity oe mile square shall be used or occupied, nor any greater quantity of timber felled than of each is actually requisite; and if, in the establishment of such fort, post, or road, or of the agency, the property of any individual member of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation, or any property of either nation, other than land, timber, stone, and earth, be taken, destroyed, or injured, just and adequate compensation shall be made by the Confederate States.

ART. XVIII. The Confederate States, or any company incorporated by them, or any one of them, shall have the right of way for railroads or telegraph lines through the Choctaw and Chickasaw country; but in the case of any incorporated company, it shall have such right of way only upon such terms and payment of such amount to the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations as may be agreed on between it and the National Councils thereof; or, in case of disagreement, by making full compensation not only to individual parties injured, but also to the nation for the right of way; all damage and injury done to be ascertained and determined in such manner as the President of the Confederate States shall direct. And the right of way granted by said nations for any railroad shall be perpetual, or for such shorter term as the same may be granted, in the same manner as if no reversion of their lands to the Confederate States were provided for in case of abandonment by them or extinction of their nation.

ART. XIX. No person shall settle, farm, or raise stock within the limits of any post or fort, or of either agency, except such as are or

