
may be in the employment of the Confederate States in some civil or military capacity; or such as, being subject to the jurisdiction and laws of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation, are permitted by the commanding officer of the fort or post do so thereat, or by the agent to do so upon the agency reserve.

ART. XX. An agent of the Confederate States for the Choctaw and Chind an interpreter for each shall continue to be appointed. The interpreters shall reside at their respective agencies, and the agent at one of them, or alternately at each. And whenever a vacancy shall occur in either of the said offices the authorities of the nation shall be consulted as to the person to be appointed to fill the same, and no one shall be appointed against whom they protest; and the agent may be removed on petition and formal charges preferred by the constituted authorities of the nation, the President being satisfied, upon full investigation, that there is sufficient cause for such removal.

ART. XXI. The Confederate States shall protect the Choctaws and Chickasaws from domestic strife, from hostile invasion, and from aggression by other Indians and white persons not subject to the jurisdiction and laws of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation; and for all injuries resulting from such invasion or aggression full indemnity is hereby guaranteed to the party or parties injured, out of the Treasury of the Confederate States, upon the same principle and according to the same rules upon which white persons are entitled to indemnity for injuries or aggressions upon them committed by Indians.

ART. XXII. It is further agreed between the parties that the agent of the Confederate States upon the application of the authorities of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations will not only resort to every proper legal remedy, at the expense of the Confederate States, to prevent intrusion upon the lands of the Choctaws and Chickasaws, and to remove dangerous or improper persons, but he shall call upon the military power, if necessary; and to that end all commanders of military posts in the said country shall be required and directed to afford him, upon his requisition, whatever aid may be necessary to effect the purposes of this article.

ART. XXIII. If any property of any Choctaws or Chickasaws be taken by citizens of the Confederate States by stealth or force, the agent, on complaint made to him infidavit, shall use all proper legal means and remedies, in any State where the offender may be found, to regain the property or compel a just remuneration, and on failure to procure redress payment shall be made for the loss sustained, by the Confederate States, upon the report of the agent, who shall have power to take testimony and examine witnesses in regard to the wrong done and the extent of the injury.

ART. XXIV. No person shall be licensed to trade with the Choctaws and Chickasaws except by the agent, and with the advice and consent of the National Council. Every such trader shall execute bond to the Confederate States in such form and manner as was required by the United States, or as may be required by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The authorities of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations may, by a general law, duly enacted, levy and collect on all licensed traders in the nation a tax of not more than one-half of one per cent. on all goods, wares, and merchandise brought by them into the Choctaw and Chickasaw country for sale, to be collected whenever such goods, wares, and merchandise are introduced, and estimated upon the first cost of the same at the place of purchase, as the

