
same shall be shown by the copies of the invoices filed with the agent: Provided, That no higher tax shall be levied and collected than is actually levied and collected in the same year of native traders in the nation; nor shall one be taxed at all unless the others are. No appeal shall hereafter lie from the decision of the agent or council refusing a license to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs or elsewhere, except only to the superintendent, in case of refusal by the agent. And no license shall be required to authorize any member of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation, who is by birth and blood an Indian, to trade in the Choctaw and Chickasaw country; nor to authorize any person to sell flour, meat, fruits, and other provisions, or stock, wagons, agricultural implements, or arms brought from any of the Confederate States into the country; nor shall any tax be levied upon such articles or the proceeds of sale thereof. And all other goods, wares, and merchandise exposed to sale by a person not qualified, without a license, shall be forfeited and be delivered and given to the authorities of the nation, as also shall all wines and liquors illegally introduced.

ART. XXV. All restrictions contained in any treaty made with the United States, or created by any law or regulation of the United States, upon the unlimited right of any member of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation to sell and dispose of, to any person whatever, any chattel or other article of personal property are hereby removed, and no such restrictions shall hereafter be imposed except by their own legislation.

ART. XXVI. It is hereby further agreed by the Confederate States that all the members of the Choaw Nations as hereinbefore defined shall be henceforward competent to take, hold, and pass, by purchase or descent, lands in any of the Confederate States heretofore or hereafter acquired by them.

ART. XXVII. In order to enable the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations to claim their rights and secure their interests without intervention of agents or counsel, and as they are now entitled to reside in the country of each other, they shall be jointly entitled to a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the Confederate States of America, who shall serve for the term of two years and be a member, by birth or blood, on either the father's or mother's side, of one of said nations, over twenty-one years of age, and laboring under no legal disability by the laws of either nation; and such Delegate shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges as may be enjoyed by Delegate from any Territory of the Confederate States. The first election for Delegate shall be held at such time and places and be conducted in such manner as shall be prescribed by the agent of the Confederate States, to whom returns of such election shall be made; and he shall declare the person having the greatest number of votes to be duly elected, and give him a certificate of election accordingly, which shall entitle him to his seat. For all subsequent elections the times, places, and manner of holding them, ascertaining and certifying the result, shall be prescribed by law of the Confederate States. The Delegates shall be elected alternately from each nation, the first being a Choctaw, by blood, on either the father's or mother's side, and resident in the Choctaw country, and the second a Chickasaw, by blood, on either the father's or mother's side, and resident in the Chickasaw country, and so on alternately. At the respective elections such persons only as fulfill the foregoing requisites shall be eligible, and when one is elected to fill a vacancy and serve out an unexpired term he must

