
belong to and be a resident in the same nation as the person whose vacancy he fills.

ART. XXVIII. In consideration of the uniform loyalty and good faith and the tried friendship for the people of the Confederate States of the Choctaw and Chickasaw people, and of their fitness and capacity for self-government, proven by the establishment and successful maintenance by each of a regularly organized republican government, with all the forms and safeguards to which the people of the Confederate States are accustomed, it is hereby agreed by the Confederate States that whenever and so soon as the people of each of said nations shall, by ordinance of a convention of delegates, duly elected by majorities of the legal voters, at an election regularly held after due and ample notice, in pursuance of an act of the Legislature of each, respectively, declare its desire to become a State of the Confederacy, the whole Choctaw and Chickasaw country as above defined shall be received and admitted into the Confederacy as one of the Confederate States, on equal terms in all respects with the original States, without regard to population; and all the members of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations shall thereby become citizens of the Confederate States, not including, however, among such members the individuals of the bands settled in the leased district aforesaid: Provided, That as a condition precedent to such admission the said nations shall provide for the survey of their lands, the holding in severalty of parts thereof by their people, the dedication of at least one section in every thirty-six to purposes of education, and the sale of such portions as are not reserved for these or other special purposes to citizens of the Confederate States alone, on such terms as the said nation shall see fit to fix, not intended or calculated to prevent the sale thereof.

ART. XXIX. The proceeds of such sales shall belong entirely to members of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, and be distributed among them or invested for them in proportion to the whole population of each in such manner as the Legislatures of said nations shall provide; nor shall any other persons ever have any interest in the annuities or funds of either the Choctaw or Chickasaw people, nor any power to legislate in regard thereto.

ART. XXX. Whenever the desire of the Creek and Seminole people and the Cherokees to become a part of the said State shall be expressed, in the same manner and with the same formalities as is above provided for in the case of the Choctaw and Chickasaw people, the country of the Creeks and Seminoles and that of the Cherokees, respectively, or either by itself, may be annexed to and become an integral part of said State upon the same conditions and terms and with the same rights to the people of each in regard to citizenship and the proceeds of their lands.

ART. XXXI. The Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations may, by joint act of their legislative authorities, receive and incorporate in either nation as members thereof, or permit to settle and reside upon the national lands, such Indians of any other nation or tribe as to them may seem good; and each nation alone shall determine who are members and citizens of the nation entitled to vote at elections and share in annuities: Provided, That when persons of another nation or tribe shall once have been received as members of either nation they shall not be disfranchised or subjected to any other restrictions upon the right of voting than such as shall apply to the Choctaws or Chickasaws themselves. But no Indians, other than Choctaws and Chickasaws, not hoctaw and Chickasaw country shall be

