
permitted to come therein to reside without the consent and permission of the legislative authority of each nation.

ART. XXXII. If any citizen of the Confederate States or any other person, not being permitted to do so by the authorities of either of said nations or authorized by the terms of this treaty, shall attempt to settle upon any lands of said nation, he shall forfeit the protection of the Confederate States, and such punishment may be inflicted upon him, not being cruel, unusual, or excessive, as may have been previously prescribed by the law of said nation.

ART. XXXIII. No citizen or inhabitant of the Confederate States shall pasture stock on the lands of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation; but their citizens shall be at liberty at all times, and whether for business or pleasure, peaceably to travel the Choctaw and Chickasaw country, to drive their stock through the same, and to halt such reasonable time on the way as may be necessary to recruit their stock, such delay being in good faith for that purpose and for no other; and members of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations shall have the same rights and privileges under the same and no other restrictions and limitations in each of the Confederate States.

ART. XXXIV. If any person hired or employed by the agent, or by any other person whatever, within the agency reserve, or any post or fort, shall violate the laws of the nation in such manner as to become an unfit person to continue in the Choctaw or Chickasaw country, he or she shall be removed by the superintendent upon the application of the Executive of the nation in which such person is, the superintendent being satisfied of the truth and sufficiency of the charges preferred.

ART. XXXV. The officers and people of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, respectively, shall at all times have the right of safe conduct and free passage through the lands of each other; and the members of each nation shall have the right freely, and without seeking license or permission, to settle within the country of the other, and shall thereupon be entitled to all the rights, privileges, and immunities of members thereof, including the right of voting at all elections and of being deemed qualified to hold all offices whatever, except that no Choctaw shall be eligible in the Chickasaw Nation to the office of Chief Executive or to the Legislature: And provided also, That no member of either nation shall be entitled to participate in any funds belonging to the other. Members of each nation shall have the right to institute and prosecute suits in the courts of the regulations as may from time to time be prescribed by their respective Legislatures.

ART. XXXVI. Any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of either the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation, and escaping into the jurisdiction of the other, shall be promptly surrendered upon the demand of the proper authority of the nation within whose jurisdiction the offense shall be alleged to have been committed.

ART. XXXVII. The Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations shall promptly deliver up all persons accused of any crime against the laws of the Confederate States, or any State thereof, who may be found within their limits, on the demand or requisition of the Executive of a State, or the Executive or other proper officer of the Confederate States; and each of the Confederate States shall, on the like demand or requisition of the Executive of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nation, promptly deliver up all persons accused of any crime against the laws of such nation who may be found within their limits.

ART. XXXVIII. In order to secure the due enforcement of so much of the laws of the Confederate States in regard to criminal offenses

