
nations, which may be proved like foreign laws, usages, and customs, and shall everywhere be held valid and binding within the scope of their operation.

ART. XLVIII. It is further agreed that the Congress of the Confederate States shall establish and maintain post-offices at the most important places in the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, and cause the mails to be regularly carried, at reasonable intervals, to and from the same, at the same rate of postage, and in the same manner as in the Confederate States.

ART. XLIX. In consideration of the common interests of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations and the Confederate States, and of the protection and rights guaranteed to the said nations by this treaty, the said nations hereby agree that they will raise and furnish a regiment of ten companies of mounted men to serve in the armies of the Confederate States for twelve months. The company officers of the regiment shall be elected by the members of each company respectively; the colonel shall be appointed by the President and the lieutenant-colonel and major be elected by the members of the regiment. The men shall be armed by the Confederate States, receive the same pay and allowances as other mounted troops in the service, and not be marched beyond the limits of the Indian country west of Arkansas against their consent.

ART. L. It is further agreed by the Confederate States that neither the Choctaw nor Chickasaw Nation shall ever be called on or required to pay, in land or otherwise, any part of the expenses of the present war, or of any war waged by or against the Confederate States.

ART. LI. The Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations hereby agree and bind themselves at any future time to raise and furnish, upon the requisition of the President, such number of troops for the defense of the Indian country and of the frontier of the Confederate States as he may fix, not out of fair proportion to the number of their inhabitants, to be employed for such terms of service as the President may fix; and such troops shall always receive the same pay and allowances as other troops of the same class in the service of the Confederate States.

ART. LII. It is further agreed that after the restoration of peace the Government of the Confederate States will defend the frontiers of the Indian country of which the Choctaw and Chickasaw country is a part, and hold the forts and posts therein with native troops, recruited among the several Indian nations included, under the command of officers of the Army of the Confederate States, in preference to other troops.

ART. LIII. It is hereby ascertained and agreed by and between the Confederate States and the Choctaw Nation that the United States of America, of which the Confederate States were heretofore a part, were, before the separation, indebted, and still continue to be indebted, to the Choctaw Nation, and bound to the punctual payment thereof, in the following sums annually, on the first day of July of each year; that is to say:

Perpetual annuities amounting to $ 9,000, under the second article on the sixteenth day of November, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and five, and the second article of the treaty of the twentieth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

The sum of $ 600 per annum for the support of light horsemen, under the thirteenth article of the treaty of the eighteenth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty.

