
The sum of $ 600 per annum, in lieu of the permanent provision for the support of a blacksmith, and the sum of $ 320, in lieu of permanent provision for iron and steel, under the sixth article of the said treaty of the eighteenth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the ninth article of the said treaty of the twentieth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

The annual interest on the sum of $ 500,000, held in trust for the Choctaw Nation by the United States, under the thirteenth article of the treaty of the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, which by that article was to be held in trust for the said nation and to constitute part of a general Choctaw fund, yielding an annual interest of not less than 5 per cent. per annum; and no part thereof has been invested in stocks or bonds of any kind, but remains in the hands of the United States.

And it is hereby ascertained and agreed between the said Confederate States and the Choctaw Nation that there was due to the said nation on the first day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, for and on account of these annuities, annual payments, and interests, the sum of $ 35,520; that is to say:

For the permanent annuities and other annual payments and allowances then due, $ 10,520.

For interest on the said sum of $ 500,000 for the year which ended on the thirtieth day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, $ 25,000.

And it not being desired by the Confederate States that the Choctaw Nation should continue to receive these annual sums from the Government of the United States, or otherwise have any further connection or communication with that Government and its superintendent and agents, therefore the Confederate States of America do hereby assume the payment for the future of all the above-recited annuities, annual payments, and interest, and do agree and bind themselves regularly and punctually to pay the same to the treasurer of the said nation, or to such other person or persons as shall be appointed by the general council of the Choctaw Nation to receive the same; and they do also agree and bind themselves to pay to the treasurer of the said nation, immediately upon the ratification by all parties of this treaty, the said sum of $ 35,520, due on the first day of July of the present year, as aforesaid.

ART. LIV. And it is further ascertained and agreed between the Confederate States and the Choctaw Nation that the United States of America, while the said several Confederate States were included in the said Union, held, and do continue to hold, in their hands the sum of $ 500,000, paid by the Chickasaw Nation to the United States for the Choctaw Nation under the treaty of the seventeenth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and which it was agreed by that treaty should be invested in some safe and secure stocks, under the direction of the Government of the United States, redeemable within a period of not less than twenty years, and the interest thereon be annually paid to the Choctaw Nation and be subject to the entire control of the general council; and which sum having been invested in bonds or stocks of certain States, part or all whereof are now members of the Confederate States, it was agreed by the United States, by the thirteenth article of the treaty of the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, that the same should continue to be held in trust by the

