
TALLAHASSEE, FLA., January 11, 1861.

Hon. J. C. MCGEHEE,

President of Convention:

SIR: I am indebted to the convention of Florida and the people whom they represent for so much kindness and courtesy during my stay here as the commissioner of Alabama that I am unwilling to depart without some formal expression of my gratitude. Be pleased to communicate to them my high appreciation both for myself and on behalf of the State of Alabama of the warmth and cordiality with which I have been received and treated, and my firm conviction, founded on the very recent assurances of her Chief Magistrate, as well as my own judgment, that the secession of Alabama cannot be delayed beyond the present week. Not long divided in their withdrawal from a Union of "irrepressible conflict," I fervently hope that Florida and Alabama will soon be united in that new union of brotherly love in which a homogeneous people, taking their destiny into their own hands, shall exhibit to the world the highest development of free government and the noblest phase of true civilization.

With very great respect, your obedient servant,

E. C. BULLOCK.

SEVENTH DAY. *

* * * * *

Mr. Bragg, by leave, read dispatch from Mobile, as follows:

MOBILE, January 13, 1861.

JOHN BRAGG:

Have you passed the ordinary for collection of duties, clearance of vessels, and disposing of U. S. property? I have resigned and I hold treasure for the State, waiting its instructions. Please answer.

THADDEUS SANFORD.

* * * * *

Mr. Baker, of Barbour, by leave, read a dispatch from Governor Perry, of Florida, as follows:

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., January 14, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Executive Department:

Telegraph received. Can you and 500 stand of arms to Colonel Chase?

M. S. PERRY.

The communication from Messrs. Pugh and Curry, former members of Congress from this State, was read as follows:

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 10, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM M. BROOKS,

President of the Convention:

SIR: In response to the resolution adopted by the convention requesting us to communicate in writing any facts or information which may be in our possession touching the action of Congress and the purpose of the Black Republican party which would aid the body in its deliberations, we state, with a due appreciation of the high compliment contained in such a request, that the facility and frequency of communication between this city and Washington are so great as to render accessible to every reader of the public prints nearly every source of information which is open to a member of Congress. It gives us pleasure to comply, so far as we can, in presenting the object of your assembling.

Early in the session a committee of thirty-three was appointed by the House of Representatives to consider the perilous condition of public affairs and report

---------------

*From Journal of the Alabama Convention, January 14, 1861.

---------------

