
nation of any of said annual sums or arrearages of the said capital sums of $ 500,000 each, or in any wise to control or direct the mode in which such moneys, when received bs of the nation, shall be disposed of or expended. Nor shall any appeal lie to any department, bureau, or officer of the Confederate States from the decision of the general council of the Choctaw Nation, or of any committee, court, or tribunal to which it may commit the adjudication, by any person or persons from any decision that may be rendered under the twelfth article of the treaty of the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, adverse to the justice and equity of any claim presented as one of those which, under that article, the Choctaw Nation became liable and bound to pay; but the adjudication and decision of the Legislature, or of any committee, court, or tribunal to which it may intrust the investigation or decision, against any such claim shall be absolutely final.

ART. LVI. It is hereby ascertained and agreed by and between the Confederate States and the Chickasaw Nation, that the United States of America, of which the Confederate States were heretofore a part, were, before the separation, indebted, and still continue to be indebted, to the Chickasaw Nation, and bound to the punctual payment thereof, in the following amounts annually, on the first day of July in each year; that is to say:

Permanent annuity of $ 3,000 under the act of Congress of the United States, approved on the -- day of ----, A. D. one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

The annual interest at 6 per cent. on the sum of $ 276,781. 57, the amount of so much of the United States 6 per cent. loans in which the funds of the Chickasaw Nation were invested, under the third and eleventh articles of the treaty of the twenty-fourth day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

And the annual interest at 6 per cent. on the further sum of $ 100,000, the principal of that amount of Ohio 6 per cent. stock, in which part of the Chickasaw fund had been invested under the same articles of the same treaties, and which was paid into the Treasury of the United States on the ninth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, to the credit of the Treasurer of the United States, and having been duly covered into the Treasury on fourteenth day of January in that year, there still remains.

And it is also hereby ascertained and agreed between the said Confederate States and the Chickasaw Nation that there was due to the said nation on the first day of July, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, for and on account of the said annuity and interest, the sum of $ 25,606. 89.

And it not being desired by the Confederate States that the Chickasaw Nation should continue to receive these annual sums from the Government of the United States, or otherwise have any communication or connection with that Government, its superintendent, and agents, therefore the Confederate States of America do hereby assume the payment for the future of the above-recited annuity and interest, and do agree and bind themselves regularly and punctually to pay the same to the treasurer of the said nation, or to such other person or persons as shall be appointed by the Legislature of the Chickasaw Nation to receive the same; and they do also agree and bind themselves to pay to the treasurer of the said nation, immediately upon

