
ratification by all parties of this treaty, the sum of $ 25,606. 89, due on the first day of July of the present year, as aforesaid.

ART. LVII. Whereas, it was agreed between the United States and the Chickasaw Nation, by the third article of the treaty made between them on the twentieth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, that as a full compensation to the Chickasaw Nation for the country ceded to the United States by that treaty the United States would pay over to the said nation all the moneys arising from the sales of lands so ceded after deducting therefrom the whole cost and expenses of surveying and selling the lands, including every expense attending the same;

And whereas, by the eleventh article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, between the United States and the Chickasaw Nation, it was agreed that all funds resulting from all entries and sales of such lands after deduction of the expenses of surveying and selling, and other advances made by the United States, should, from time to time, be invested in some secure stocks, redeemable within a period of not more than twenty years, the interest whereon the United States should cause to be annually paid to the Chickasaws;

And whereas, by the fifth article of the treaty of the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, it was agreed between the United States and the Chickasaw Nation that the United States should continue to hold in trust the national fund of the Chickasaws and constantly keep the sum invested in safe and profitable stocks, the interest of which should be annually paid to the Chickasaw Nation;

And whereas, it is now, by the Confederate States and the Chickasaw Nation, ascertained and agreed that the following sums, part of the said fund of the Chickasaws, arising from the sales of their lands, were invested by the United States, while the Confederate States were part thereof, in bonds and stocks of certain of the States, in manner following, that is to say:

In the 5 per cent. stock of the State of Indiana, $ 210,000;

In 6 per cent. stock of the State of Maryland, $ 14,499. 75;

In 6 per cent. stock of the State of Tennessee, $ 170,666. 66;

In 6 per cent. stock of the State of Arkansas, $ 90,000, on which no interest has been paid since the 1st day of July, A. D. 1842;

In 6 per cent. stock of the State of Illinois, $ 17,000;

In 6 per cent. stock of the Richmond and Danville Railroad, guaranteed by the State of Virginia, $ 100,000;

And in 6 per cent. stock of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, guaranteed by the State of Tennessee, $ 512,000;

And it being claimed by the Chickasaws that all the moneys received by the United States from the sales of their lands, after deduction of proper disbursements out thereof, have not been invested, that they have been charged with losses and expenses which should properly have been borne by the United States, and that in many cases moneys held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the orphan and incompetent Chickasaws had been wrongfully paid out to persons having no right to receive the same; in consequence of which complaints, then as now made, it was agreed by the fourth article of the treaty between the same parties, of the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, that an account should be stated as soon thereafter as practicable,

