
fourteenth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and of any other sums received by that Government and now held by it by way of interest on or as part of the capital of any of the bonds or stocks of any of the States wherein any funds of the Chickasaws had been invested; and they do also guarantee to it the final settlement and full payment, at the same period, of the capital and interest of all bonds or stocks of any of the Northern States in which any of said Chickasaw funds have been invested.

ART. LVIII. It is further hereby agreed that the said annuity, interest, and arrearages hereby assumed and agreed to be paid by the Confederate States shall be applied, under the exclusive direction of the Legislature of the Chickasaw Nation, to the support of their government, to purposes of education, and to such other objects for the promotion and advancement of the improvement, welfare, and happiness of the Chickasaw people and their descendants as shall to the Legislature seem good; and the capital in full of all the said bonds and stocks of States, corporations, and the principal of moneys due by the United States shall be invested or reinvested, after the restoration of peace, in stocks of the States, at their market price, and in such as bear the highest rate of interest, or be paid over to the Chickasaw Nation to be invested by its authorities, or otherwise used, applied, and appropriated as its Legislature may direct, without any control or interference on the part of any department, bureau, or officer of the Confederate States.

ART. LIX. It is hereby further agreed that no claim or account shall hereafter be paid by the Government of the Confederate States out of the Chickasaw funds, unless the same shall have first been considered and allowed by the Chickasaw Legislature.

ART. LX. Whereas, by the first article of the treaty between the United States of America and the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, on the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, it was provided that the boundary of the Choctaw and Chickasaw country should begin "at a point on the Arkansas River 100 paces east of old Fort Smith, where the western boundary of the State of Arkansas crosses the said river," and run thence "due south to Red River," which also was the line of boundary fixed by the treaties of the twentieth day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, and the twenty-seventh day of September, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty;

And whereas, when the said line was originally run between the State of Arkansas and the Choctaw Nation it was erroneously run to the westward of a due south line from that point of beginning on the Arkansas River;

And whereas, when the said line was again run by the United States, after the making of the said treaty of the twenty-second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, it was arbitrarily ordered by the Secretary of the Interior, in violation of the said treaties, that the said line should not be run due south in accordance therewith, but that the old erroneous lines should in lieu thereof be retraced, and the same was accordingly done, thus leaving within the limits of the State of Arkansas a strip of country belonging to the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations in the shape of a triangle, having Red River for its base;

And whereas, all the lands contained therein that are of any value were sold or granted by the United States, and are chiefly held and have been improved by private individuals:

