
It is therefore agreed by the Confederate States and the said Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations that the said line so run and retraced shall be perpetuated as the line between the Choctaw and Chickasaw country and the State of Arkansas, and that the said triangular tract of land shall belong to and continue to form an integral part of that State; and all titles to lands therein from and under the United States be confirmed; and it is further agreed that in consideration therefor the said Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations shall, upon the restoration of peace and the establishment and recognition of the independence of the Confederate States, be paid by them the fair value of the lands included in said tract, in their natural state and condition and unimproved, and of all the salt springs therein at the date of the said treaty, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and without interest; which fair actual value shall be ascertained by a commission of four persons, two of whom shall be appointed by the President of the Confederate States, one by the Choctaw Legislature, and one by the Chickasaw Legislature, and the expenses of which commission shall be borne by the Confederate States.

ART. LXI. It is further agreed that if the present war continues the Confederate States will, upon the request of the Executive of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, respectively, advance to the Choctaw Nation the sum of $ 50,000 and to the Chickasaw Nation $ 2,000, in discharge of so much of the moneys due to each, respectively, by the United States, and will invest each sum in the purchase for each nation, respectively, of such arms and ammunition as shall be specified by the Executive.

ART LXII. All provisions of the treaties made by the Choctaws and Chickasaws, or either, with the United States, under which any rights or privileges were secured or guaranteed to the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation, or to individuals of either, and the place whereof is not supplied by any provision of this treaty, and the same not being obsolete or no longer necessary, and so far as they are not repealed, annulled, changed, or modified by subsequent treaties or statutes, or by this treaty, are continued in force as if the same had been made with the Confederate States.

ART. LXIII. It is further agreed that the sum of $ 2,000 shall be appropriated and paid by the Confederate States, immediately upon the ratification of this treaty, to defray the expenses of the delegations of Choctaws and Chickasaws by whom this treaty has been negotiated, and that the same shall be paid over to R. M. Jones and by him equally divided among the members of the said delegations.

ART. LXIV. A general amnesty of all past offenses against the laws of the United States or of the Confederate States, committed before the signing of this treaty, by any member of the Choctaw or Chickasaw Nation, as such membersn this treaty, is hereby declared; and all such persons, if any, charged with any such offense shall receive from the President full and free pardon, and if imprisoned or held to bail, before or after conviction, be discharged; and the Confederate States will especially request the States of Arkansas and Texas to grant the like amnesty as to all offenses committed by Choctaw or Chickasaw against the laws of those States, respectively, and the Governor of each to reprieve or pardon the same if necessary.

In perpetual testimony whereof the said Albert Pike, as commissioner with plenary powers, on the part of the Confederate States, doth now hereunto set his hand and affix the seal of his arms, and

