
II. Strike out from Article XXVIII the following words, "the whole Choctaw and Chickasaw country, as above defined, shall be received and admitted into the Confederacy as one of the Confederate States, on equal terms in all respects with the original States, without regard to population, and," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "the application of the said nations to be admitted as a State into the Confederacy, on equal terms in all respects with the original States, shall be referred to and considered by the Congress of the Confederate States, by whose act alone, under the Constitution, new States can be admitted and whose consent it is not in the power of the President of the present Congress to guarantee in advance, and if the Congress shall assent to such admission, the whole Choctaw and Chickasaw country, as above herein defined, shall constitute the State so admitted, and in case of such admission. "

III. Strike out from Article XLIII the following words, " or of any one of the States," and add at the end of this article the following words," and the Confederate States will request the several States of the Confederacy to adopt and enact the provisions of this article in respect to suits and proceedings in their several courts. "

IV. Strike out from Article XLIV the following words, "or in a State court," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "or in a State court subject to the laws of the State. "

V. Strike out from the fourth paragraph of Article LVII, in the phrase "two hundred and ten thousand dollars," the word "ten," and insert in lieu thereof the word "two. "

NOTE. - The foregoing treaty, together with the amendments, was duly ratified by the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, respectively.

RICHMOND, July 12, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

The crisis of our fate may depend upon your action. The two regiments you have organized are indispensable to success. For the sake of our cause and the country I beseech you to send them without standing upon the point of the brigade organization. The President has no power to accept a brigade. If you refuse you will regret it. It is not necessary that I should say more. Semmes' regiment, about which the President wrote you some time since, I have been compelled to order here. You can doubtless supply its place in a few days.

L. P. WALKER.

[JULY 12, 13, 25, and 28, 1861. - For correspondence between Walker and Withers, in relation to receiving Kentucky troops, see Series I, VOL. IV, pp. 367, 368, 374, 376.]

BATON ROUGE, LA., July 12, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Six hundred and eighty muskets, twenty Hall's carbines, twenty Colt rifles, all the arms on hand.

J. C. BOOTH.

