
RICHMOND, July 12, 1861.

Governor PICKENS,

Columbia, S. C.:

The President has given me instructions in the following words, indorsed upon your letter to Colonel Maxcy Gregg of July 9:

If the Governor will allow the companies to tender their services directly, with the assurance that they shall have the arms and equipments and name and banner of the late First Regiment, the Secretary of war might accept them, and then the field officers of the old regiment could be appointed by the President, and the regiment so formed be accepted in lieu of one of those called for in the recent requisition.

In pursuance of this authority from the President I inform you that the recent requisition is varied in accordance with the preceding instructions, and that ten companies will be received to form a regiment under the name of the First South Carolina Volunteers.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 12, 1861.

Brigadier Gen. WILLIAM J. HARDEE, &amp; c.,

Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th instant is received. The muster of Captain A. W. Clarkson's company of artillery, authorized by you with the conditions attached, is approved. Second Lieut. David G. White, of artillery (cadet of third class of 1860), is ordered to report for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

P. S. - You were telegraphed at Memphis on the 10th instant as follows:

B. W. Sharp writes from Memphis tendering a battalion of 300 men for the war, armed. The President desires that you cause the battalion to be mustered into service and attach it to your command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

The letter of Mr. Sharp, with your indorsement, of June 30, to the Secretary of War, making the same tender and offering to increase the battalion to 500, is just received, and you are authorized to muster in the additional companies of the battalion as they are presented. The arms with which the battalion is now supplied (common country rifles and shotguns, & c.) will be used until others are supplied, if that be possible. After a report from you that the battalion has been mustered into service and organized a field officer will be appointed by the Department, doubtless Major Sharp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 12, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: Your letter of the 9th instant to Governor Letcher was forwarded to him, as he was absent from the city upon its receipt. He

