
has addressed a brief note to me, in which he says that as he desires no delay in all arrangements necessary to forward the public interests of Virginia and all the Confederate States, he requests that I will attend to this matter, and take such action as I and Mr. Tucker (the attorney-general) may deem right in the premises. He further says that as the injunction of secrecy was not removed from the resolutions to which you refer, he had not heard and did not know of these proceedings until he was informed of the action of the War Department in respect to them. He says that he will approve what I may do and will carry it out upon his return to the city. Acting under this authority, in the name of the Governor of Virginia, and for him, I have the honor to turn over and transfer to the Government of the Confederate States, for use during the war, all the machinery and stores captured by the Virginia forces at Harper's Ferry, now in possession of the State, reserving the right of property therein. The Governor is directed by one of the resolutions to preserve an inventory of all property thus turned over, &amp; c. In order to do this it will be my pleasure on his behalf to direct the colonel of ordnance of Virginia, in conjunction with any officer to be detailed by your orders, to take the necessary steps for a correct and fair inventory, as required. The Governor of Virginia believes it was the desire and purpose of the convention to have the machinery put up in the armory at Richmond; hence in the third resolution it provided "that the Governor of Virginia be authorized to allow the Confederate Government, on such terms as he may deem just and reasonable, the use of the Armory buildings at Richmond for the operation of said machinery. " In accordance with this authority vested in the Governor, I beg leave in his name to tender the use of the Armory buildings for operating said machinery, and to express the desire that the tender may be accepted. The armory has been in operation in this city to a certain extent since the memorable year of 1800, and was then established with a view to the great crisis of that period. Virginia is anxious to continue it with the enlarged facility afforded by the machinery in question, and while she cheerfully yields its use to the Confederate Governmen cause of all the States, I may add the expression of the opinion and feeling of the Governor that it was the intention of the convention that the machinery should be used in the buildings now tendered to your service, unless its safety would thereby be imperiled or its value to the Confederacy be seriously impaired.

I am, sir, with high respect, yours,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 12, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I this morning received the communication marked A, in which it is said "that your action may involve serious embarrassment to the troops in the field. " The grave responsibility here thrown upon me by Major Gorgas must be my excuse for most respectfully asking you to listen to the following circumstances: So soon as the Virginia troops took Harper's Ferry, by direction of the Governor of Virginia I took charge of and gave directions for the removal of the

