
machinery and materials there found. Before this was fully accomplished I was directed by the Governor to turn over to any authorized agent of North Carolina the rifle machinery, taking care to retain all and any machines, or parts thereof, that may be necessary for the making up of muskets, which order I immediately transferred to Lieutenant-Colonel Burton, who had the immediate control of the same. (See my order to him marked A.)* This order, Colonel Burton informs me, has been observed in accordance with his letter to me, marked B.

I have received no order or direction from the Governor since that time relieving me from the control and responsibility of the machinery not turned over and being turned over to North Carolina; but, on the contrary, in mentioning the subject to the Governor, I have been instructed to be guided by his orders, and am engaged in pressing forward this machinery into operation, with the view that the rifled muskets might be manufactured as soon as possible for the troops in and going into the field. On the 3d of July the order marked C was received, which I referred to the Governor, who instructed me to be governed by former instructions. On the 8th of July the letter marked D was received by Colonel Burton, which was referred to me by note marked E, upon which I indorsed as seen thereon. On the 11th Mr. Adams, the master armorer here, received the order marked F,+ upon which, having been referred to me, I indorsed as seen thereon. On the 11th of July I received the note marked H, which I have not thought proper to answer, and on this day I have received the letter marked I, to which I replied as per K. # I have thus detailed my action, which I hope will relieve me from the implied charge, made by Major Gorgas, that I may have by my course involved the troops in serious embarrassment in the field, and that I have retained tools necessary to the operations in the laboratory, thus causing the State to do great injury to the common defense. I again beg pardon for t his interruption, but having by a devotion manifested by works satisfied all who know me of my willingness to serve the South, I cannot allow the remotest insinuation to be made by any one without resisting it at once.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. DIMMOCK,

Colonel of Ordnance, State of Virginia.

A.

CONFEDERATE STATAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 11, 1861.

Colonel DIMMOCK,

Richmond:

SIR: Your indorsement on the order of the Secretary of War, given through the Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, has been referred to him. You will excuse me for calling your attention to the fact that your action may involve serious embarrassment to the troops in the field.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Major and Chief of Ordnance.

---------------

* See Dimmock to Burton, June 15, p. 379.

+ See inclosure Walker to Letcher, July 12, p. 473.

# Not found, but the reference is probably to Dimmock's indorsement on paper marked I.

---------------

