
B.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, June 13, 1861.

Colonel C. DIMMOCK,

Chief of Ordnance:

SIR: With reference to the question of selecting and forwarding to Fayetteville such materials received from Harper's Ferry as pertain specially to the rifle, I beg to state that with the exception of the materials for barrels and stocks the requirements of the rifle factory at Harper's Ferry were supplied from the general stores and materials of the post. There can be no objection to forwarding the materials for rifle barrels and stocks at once to Fayetteville if desired, but at the present moment I am unable to determine the quantity arrived here, and beg to suggest that, inasmuch as nothing has yet been done toward the erection of the means of manufacturing rifles at Fayetteville, the question of materials may be deferred until such time as I can investigate the subject and determine which properly belongs to the rifle. The materials other than those herein mentioned will be useful and necessary in the manufacture of the rifle musket.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES H. BURTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Ordnance.

C.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 3, 1861.

The shafting, vises, tools, &amp; c., now at the Central depot, from Harper's Ferry, belonging to the rifle factory, will be transferred to W. S. Downer for shipment to Fayetteville as rapidly as possible. A general inventory will be made of the same now, and an accurate inventory will be made on their arrival at Fayetteville, when anything belonging to the musket factory will be at once returned to this post. Any part of the rifle machinery, & c., detained here will in the same way be forwarded to Fayetteville hereafter.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. GORGAS,

Major and Chief of Ordnance.

D.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, July 8, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURTON,

Virginia Forces:

COLONEL: Be pleased to provide Mr. Price with such tools and materials as he may require for repair of arms at Winchester and as you can readily furnish.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Major and Chief of Ordnance.

