
express the hope that you will appoint the other generals heretofore appointed by me: F. K. Zollicoffer, William R. Caswell, B. F. Cheatham, Robert C. Foster, third, and John L. T. Sneed, all good and competent men, and all Whigs except Cheatham. It is a political necessity, as well as strict justice, that the Whig element be fully recognized. We will have twenty-five infantry regiments. Answer.

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

SPOTSWOOD HOTEL, July 13, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Permit me, sir, to introduce to your consideration the advantages that would accrue from a regiment of mounted men, on the guerrilla order, properly posted in the Gulf parishes of Louisiana. We have in that State all sorts of people - men that can be bought and sold; negroes from different Southern States of ungovernable tempers ready for the blackest deeds, suitable fuel for the enemy. A goodly number of our citizens can neither speak nor understand the English language - at least one-fourth in many of the parishes - and many who do are ignorant of our system of government. Talk to them of our constitutional rights and the sires of the Revolution, they look upon you with astonishment. Some have never heard the sound of fife and drum. The creole population outside the city of New Orleans are very civil and peaceable, and the small portion of them that have left with the American population for the battle-field are of the right stamp. Those of the First and Second Regiments know their rights and will fight for them in or out of Louisiana. But, sir, that portion of our citizens that are best able to endure the hardships of a campaign are not in the field. Our militia laws are too weak to force those out that are not disposed to fall in with us. I would not be understood to mean that those who are unwilling to leave the State are not disposed to fight for their State. There are but few that are not willing to risk their all. Now, sir, to draw those able men into the field is what I am anxious to bring about; for if Lincoln goes in for booty Louisiana is his field, and they know it. To better secure our safety and dispossess the people of uneasiness I should like to have the privilege of organizing a regiment on the above plan. I can get the sturdy men of our State, besides 100 or 200 Indians. Should my views be approved of Governor Moore will aid me. The companies forming the regiment could be drilled and fitted to be mustered into service by October. Had I not promised my friends to use every honorable means to set this matter on foot I should not have been so lengthy. Should you favor my plans and wish to communicate with Governor T. O. Moore, I should be pleased to be the bearer of your dispatches. I leave to-morrow for Yorktown, but will return to this place in a few days.

With much respect, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

B. W. BLAKEWOOD.

[JULY 13, 1861. - For Walker to Letcher, requesting issue of proclamation calling into immediate service the militia of all the counties of Virginia north of James River and east of the Blue Ridge, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 169.]

