
letter was quite as full and explicit as this Department feels authorized to go. There need be no apprehension about your recognition by Captain Huse. A copy of the letter appointing you an agent was forwarded to Captain H. I have no password, but I send you the pass requested.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

ATLANTA, July 14, 1861.

Hon. JEFF. DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

I do not feel authorized by our statute to disband the brigade. If the act of Congress is in the way you can accept it as a whole by commissioning the general now in command.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

COLUMBIA, July 14, 1861.

President DAVIS:

Two companies of cavalry would add greatly to the two camps of instruction. Can it not be done?

F. W. PICKENS.

[Indorsement.]

Your wish for two companies of cavalry at camps of instruction acceded to.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

ATLANTA, GA., July 15, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

After you learned from my letter the component parts of the State brigade you made requisition on me, which reached me ten days since, for two armed regiments, which are no part of Georgia's equal quota, probably with a view to disband the brigade. Waiving all question of quota, I immediately put two new regiments under orders. They are now here in camp and are subject to your order, armed and equipped. You now demand the two regiments of the brigade as indispensable to success. The brigade which I am training at the State's expense under an act of her Legislature consists of two regiments and three battalions. The battalions are as good men and as well armed as the regiments. If the regiments are indispensable to our success, why are not the three armed battalions needed? I have tendered all together. If armed men are indispensable to success, I offer you 2,500 together in place of 1,500, and beg you for the sake of our common cause to accept them. If it is desired to do an act of justice to the State the President can obviate all legal difficulties in the way of accepting them in a moment by commissioning the general in command. No truthful statement which can be made will show that Georgia suffers by a comparison of the part she has performed in the contest with that of any one of her Confederate sisters. While she has a man and a gun she will continue to do more than her equal

