
part. If the threat of consequences to me for disobedience to your behests, which the language of your dispatch implies, is intended, rest assured it fails to intimidate.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 15, 1861.

WILLIAM SKEEN, Esq.,

Warm Springs, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 30th of June the Secretary of War directs me to say that a battalion raised for the war and armed will be accepted, but not otherwise.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

By J. B. JONES.

ORDERS HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GEN.'S OFFICE, No. 737. New Orleans, July 15, 1861.

I. The Secretary of War has made a requisition for 3,000 volunteers to be placed in camps of instruction. Each company must be composed of 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 2 second lieutenants, 4 sergeants, 4 corporals, and 64 to 100 privates. They will be sent to Camp Moore, and to a new camp in the interior, the site of which will be duly announced.

II. The President will assign officers to take charge of the troops as soon as mustered in, and the camp will be under control of the War Department of the Confederate States. The President will also organize the companies into battalions or regiments, as he may prefer, and appoint the field officers and staff.

III. The Secretary of War has also authorized me to accept the above troops by regiments. If thus tendered and accepted they will elect their own field officers. To secure this privilege ten companies, numbering 1,000 men, must form the regiment, elect their own officers, and tender to me completely organized.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, July 15, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR CONFEDERATE STATES,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Upon assuming the duties of Governor of the State I found that orders had been issued for concentrating a regiment of twelve-months' volunteers at Asheville, N. C., and an officer detailed to muster the companies into service. I have been very much importuned to take them into active service, and have consented to do so, provided the men would arm themselves with the ordinary hunting rifle. I have therefore respectfully to propound the following inquiries: Will the Confederate States Government accept the aforesaid

