
regiment of riflemen from the mountains of North Carolina upon the condition mentioned, or to be armed otherwise, as may be preferred by that Government? If accepted as above, will the men be paid for the use of their arms, or will the Government have the same appraised and purchase them? Will the Government authorize the purchase of rifles for those men that cannot otherwise procure them? Will a small expenditure of money be authorized for boring out and otherwise altering rifles, so as to make them as near uniform as practicable? Also for the manufacture of molds for the oblong or minie-ball to suit these rifles? Will authority be given to pay to those men who will volunteer to serve during the war the same bounty ($ 15) that is now paid to the State troops? Will one or more companies of cavalry be accepted, to be attached to the said regiment, provided each man furnished his own horse, arms, and equipments? Lieut. Colonel R. H. Riddick, assistant adjutant-general of our State troops, is charged with the delivery of this communication. He is zealous and capable, and will carry out faithfully, and I doubt not satisfactorily, the aforesaid matters if intrusted to him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH CAROLINA,July 15, 1861.

Hon. Mr. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have responded to your call for two regiments for the war by offering one to Colonel Gregg, and have designated Colonel Orr's, now raised for the war, as the other. This will be near 1,200 strong, and I will endeavor to arm and equip it as well as I can, but I have no arms now except some old flint-and-steel muskets, which I am having altered to percussion and having them rifled so as to be able to defend ourselves this fall if possible. I made you a general statement some weeks ago as to our forces and the arms. In that I showed you that we had received 15,000 effective arms from the former U. S. arsenal, and that I had sent into Virginia, with men, including Hampton's Legion, 7,400; to Florida, 6,000; to Tennessee, 2,000; to Lynchburg, 1,000; Colonel Orr's regiment, 1,200; two regiments just starting for Virginia, 1,672; total, 20,272; four regiments on the sea-coast and in the harbor of Charleston, armed by me, 3,700; and I am obliged to keep in the hands of 2,400 men in Charleston, as a reserve corps, under orders now for immediate duty in any emergency, 2,400; all amounting, as you see, to 25,372.

This includes over 11,000 of our own purchase above what has been received, and if I am to arm the 3,000 men now called for it will take all we can raise, even after changing the old flint-and-steel muskets into percussion. I am now rifling and fixing them as fast as possible. I gave you the above statement some weeks ago, and now repeat it only from memory and not with exact accuracy. I do so to let you know that I have advanced all I dare do in the way of arms unless I expose the State to great danger this winter if we are invaded, and our sea-coast is so extensive that we must look for it. I have ordered the Second and Sixth Regiments, all fully armed and equipped, to Virginia, and one of them will start on Tuesday next and the other on Wednesday.

