
I understand from General Gist that you agree for me to retain a portion of the 3,000 men I am to encamp in place of these two regiments now being sent on, or if these 3,000 are moved forward, that then these two regiments at least will be ordered back to me. Of course, if we are threatened with invasion toward cool weather I shall expect to get several of my regiments back, unless some pressing emergency in Virginia may demand their retention. General Gist also requests me to send on to you four names for the appointments of quartermasters. I do not understand if they are for the 3,000 men to be encamped or as quartermasters for other service, but I name to you Colonel John S. Green, Colonel C. H. Suber, and Colonel M. A. Moore, members of my staff, and also Mr. Sanders Glover, of Charleston. They are honest and efficient men. If you will send me their appointments I will inform them. I hope there will be no objections to my naming three assistants surgeons for the 3,000 men, as they will better contented to have some physician with whom they are acquainted, and this would reserve the three surgeons for three regiments from the 3,000 still to be appointed by you and to command the assistants. You will be so kind as to let me know on these points as soon as you can, for I have ordered the encampments. I hope that you have extended all the necessary orders to Captain Stephen D. Lee, Confederate quartermaster and commissary in Charleston. I would now most respectfully urge upon you to allow me to attach two squadrons of cavalry to each of the encampments, so as to make them a thorough school for instruction. This State has had no cavalry received into service, and we have a great many efficient corps of cavalry. This would make the encampments compalry might be of great service in next winter's campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS.

RICHMOND, VA., July 15, 1861.

Governor I. G. HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The political complexion was accidental. * Two of the three generals appointed held in your State the highest military rank. The other had received a thorough military education. Therefore they were chosen. All were esteemed worthy of highest regard and confidence, but apart only at present required. How many regiments have you organized, armed, and equipped? We need re-enforcements here.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, July 16, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

I have just received your dispatch of the 15th. You wholly misapprehend the purpose and spirit of my telegram of 12th. It not only did not contain a threat, but was not intended to convey one. My sole object was to make an appeal to your well-known patriotism, based upon facts known to the Department, but which it would be

---------------

* See Harris to Davis, July 13, p. 474.

---------------

