
highly impolitic to make public. Both the facts and the danger still exist, and in the best spirit toward you, both officially and personally, I renew the appeal.

L. P. WALKER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 16, 1861.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK:

SIR: Your letter of July 15, informing this Department that orders have been issued for concentrating a regiment for twelve-months' volunteers at Asheville, N. C., and propounding certain inquiries with reference to the conditions under which it is proposed to muster this regiment into service, has been received. In reply, I desire to say: First. That the regiment will be received if armed with the hunting rifle, but that in order to be received as a regiment it must first be constituted into a regiment - that is, by the election of its own field officers - before it is tendered to the Government for service. Second. That after the regiment has been received the arms will be appraised by the proper agents of this Government and paid for at their valuation. Third. The Government could authorize the purchase of arms for those who could not otherwise procure them only through its own agents. Fourth. Only such expenditure could be authorized for the improvement and furnishing of the arms as might be judged by the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance to be necessary. Fifth. No authority is known to exist whereby this Government can promise bounties to volunteers. This inquiry is therefore answered in the negative. Sixth. No companies of cavalry are needed in connection with this branch of the service, and consequently none can be received.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, July 16, 1861.

President DAVIS:

Telegram as to cavalry received. I can put into encampment also two fine artillery companies with four pieces each. Is it wanted?

F. W. PICKENS.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War will answer: The two artillery companies with batteries accepted.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[JULY 16, 22, and 23, 1861. - For correspondence between Walker and Harris, in relation to sending Tennessee troops to Virginia, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, pp. 172, 190, 195.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 16, 1861.

Hon. GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of Commonwealth of Virginia:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 13th instant I have to say that Major Gorgas has been directed to receipt for the transfer to be

31 R R - SERIES IV, VOL I

