
made, and this Department will not object to the arrangements suggested by you as having been proposed by Governor Letcher and approved by the President.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, Va., July 17, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have just received the letter of Lieutenant-Colonel Burton in relation to five car-loads of machinery which he says are at a point one mile west of Harper's Ferry. I respectfully report that all the valuable machinery which could be removed from Harper's Ferry has been brought to this place and delivered to the proper agent for transportation to Richmond.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General.

HELENA, ARK., July 17, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I wrote you a few days since for myself and many others in this district to ascertain if we could get negro regiments received for Confederate service, officered, of course, by white men. All we ask is arms, clothing, and provisions, and usual pay for officers and not one cent pay for negroes. Our negroes are too good to fight Lincoln hirelings, but as they pretend to love negroes so much we want to show them how much the true Southern cotton-patch negro loves them in return. The North cannot complain at this. They proclaim negro equality from the Senate Chamber to the pulpit, teach it in their schools, and are doing all they can to turn the slaves upon master, mistress, and children. And now, sir, if you can receive the negroes that can be raised we will soon give the Northern thieves a gorge of the negroes' love for them that will never be forgotten. As you well know, I have had long experience with negro character. I am satisfied they are easy disciplined and less trouble than whites in camp, and will fight desperately as long as they have a single white officer living. I know one man that will furnish and arm 100 of his own and his son for their captain. The sooner we bring a strong negro force against the hirelings the sooner we shall have peace, in my humble judgment. Let me hear from you.

Your old friend,

W. S. TURNER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 17, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: This Department has received a communication from Colonel W. J. Hardee, commanding at Fort Morgan, inclosing a similar communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, commanding at Fort Gaines, to the effect that the garrison at Fort Gaines will require to be

