
re-enforced at the earliest practicable day by at least two additional companies. In obedience, therefore, to this requisition this Department begs leave to inform you that, in addition to the previous requisitions already made upon you for two regiments and for 3,000 men, the Confederate Government will require two additional companies to be raised for the particular purpose herein expressed, and you are hereby requested to take immediate measures for calling the same into service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[JULY 17, 1861. - For Hardee to Cooper, transmitting articles of agreement for the transfer of Arkansas Volunteers to the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. III, p. 609.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 17, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans, LA.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 6th instant I assure you no one could have had a higher appreciation of the patriotism of the people of Louisiana and of Your Excellency's promptitude in responding to the requisitions of the Government than myself, and it affords me sincere pleasure thus to express my acknowledgment of both. The requisitions referred to were made under the pressure of a great necessity, and it is very sincerely hoped that Your Excellency will not hesitate to arm all the troops if you can possibly do so. If armed, they will go into the field at once, where they are so urgently needed. If you should prefer to organize the 3,000 men into regiments heretofore called by companies it can be done, and then they will elect their own field officers. A portion at least of these troops are intended for the defense of Louisiana, and it is hoped that such arrangements will be effected that in the autumn the Government will be in possession of arms sufficient for the general defense of the country at every point. At present, however, the emergency is in Virginia, and neither Virginia nor the Confederate Government can arm the troops necessary for defense. We are menaced with greatly superior numbers, and the crisis of this campaign is upon us. It cannot possibly be necessary under such circumstances for me to attempt a stimulation of any Southern functionary by labored appeals to his patriotism to make extraordinary exertions. The occasion itself is a most extraordinary one. It is a common cause, and we have to fight a common enemy.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1861.

General D. E. TWIGGS,

New Orleans:

I understand that there are 1,000 stand of arms at LA Fourche. If so, order them here.

L. P. WALKER.

