
attention to the subject. In forming your conclusion, however, the Department expects that you will be guided by that discretion with which you have been heretofore intrusted and by a constant regard to the supreme importance of your success in this perilous undertaking. The extract referred to is as follows:

NEW ORLEANS, July 9, 1861.

F. H. HATCH, Esq.,

Collector:

SIR: On the 1st day of June the schooner Wm. R. King, having had her name altered to that of Adela, started from Berwick Bay at 6 a. m. At 2 o'clock she got to sea, and having a southeast wind we steered south by west, laying as near to the wind as possible to make good headway. * * * On the 9th we were on the coast of Yucatan, and were unable to double the Cape of San Antonio before the 15th instant, on account of head winds and currents. After doubling this cape our vessel lay east-southeast and from fifteen to forty-five miles from it. During this time we were entirely within the line of vessels, and met twenty-one merchant vessels in daylight, but no government cruisers of any nation. * * * On that day (June 24) we left the cape for Berwick Bay, where we arrived on the 31st of June, having been becalmed two days near the coast of Louisiana. * * * On our outward voyage we saw but one vessel before reaching the coast of Yucatan, and returning we saw but one till we reached the coast of Louisiana. These vessels crossed our path and were apparently bound from Havana to Vera Cruz. I am confident that any quantity of arms could be safely introduced into Louisiana over this course in a small, light-draft steamer with very little danger. There are numerous deep bayous along this coast, protected by bars having a depth from six to seven feet, and from which arms could be conveyed with facility by the Opelousas Railroad, Bayou LA Fourche, and Barataria and LA Fourche Canal to New Orleans.

* * * * * * *

Commending this whole subject to your joint attention, and fully confiding in your discretion, fidelity, and dispatch,

I remain, gentlemen, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, S. C., July 18, 1861.

Hon. Mr. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

The President already telegraphed me to take the cavalry. I sent yesterday a regiment of 876 men, well armed, to you, and to-day another of 916, all armed and ready. Colonel Orr's will be ready in ten days; they are in camp. To-morrow this will be, with Hampton's, ten regiments, all armed, and Gregg's will be eleven.

F. W. PICKENS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War of the Confederate States:

SIR: Your letter of the 17th instant has been received. I am instructed by the Governor to say he is happy to be informed by you that all the legitimate expenses attending military operations in Virginia are now chargeable to the Confederate Government, and have been so since the date indicated in my letter, that date being the time of the transfer of all the forces of the State by the Governor to the Confederate States, to wit, the 8th of June. The Governor is gratified also to learn from your letter that although this recruiting has

