
It is the loan of these tools only which is asked for, the value of which may be fairly estimated at from $ 8,000 to $ 10,000. There are several good reasons why the request should be granted, and one of them is, that under the representations of General Polk that it would be done the State of Tennessee has purchased buildings and grounds for an armory. Another is that at Nashville workmen from Louisville and Saint Louis are easily obtained to duplicate them and make more of the same kind. Still another reason is that the State has purchased large supplies of war material, and the Confederate Government has not only already availed itself of a part of this in the form of percussion-caps, but will want large supplies of powder from her mills.

All of which is respectfully submitted for your consideration.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. MORSE,

Superintendent Tennessee Armory.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,July 19, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just received yours dated the 15th instant, and hasten to say that I have selected for the two encampments Lightwood Knot Springs, near Columbia, and the other at or near Aiken, both on railroads and perfectly healthy, and suited for the convenience of moving to any point desired at the earliest notice. Your authority as to electing field officers will insure success in raising the troops. If you will allow me, I can order a large supply of the best tents made here of heavy drill at $ 12 each, with poles and all complete. I can have them made by a Frenchman, in the best style. I have had a great many made here, some of them inferior, but they were of light material and cheap, only $ 10; but this is of superior material, suited for winter tents; and I have a Frenchman who makes knapsacks, with straps, all furnished well, for $ 2, buckle and all. They are cut after the French fashion, which make a dry covering to damp ground to protect the soldier at night to sleep on.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS,

Governor.

RICHMOND, July 19, 1861.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Do you not intend to let us have your saltpeter and sulphur?

L. P. WALKER.

ATLANTA, GA., July 20, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp; c.:

I have offered all the saltpeter and sulphur and the steamer Huntress to the Secretary of War, together, at original cost to the State in cash. If the accepts my proposition I will order it shipped to you direct.

J. E. BROWN.

