
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., July 21, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

Your communication, under date of the 17th instant, requesting for the re-enforcement of Fort Gaines two companies in addition to the troops called for under the late requisition, has been received. I herewith inclose a copy of a communication received by me on the 23d ultimo, under which three companies were raised and reported by my order to the commandant of Fort Morgan, where I learn they were mustered into the service of the Confederacy. Am I to understand that in addition to these three companies two more are required? If so, please advise me by telegraph. I am gratified to have it in my power to inform your Department that under the last requisition I have accepted twenty companies from South and Middle Alabama, and shall locate the camp for these companies at Auburn, Macon County. The requisition for the 3,000 will be filled in a few days by companies from North Alabama, and their camp will be located in that section of the State and designated by the 25th instant. I have also, contrary to my expectation, succeeded in arming the two regiments, which will be organized and accepted during the present week. The two mounted companies have been accepted, and will probably take up the line of march for Corinth in a few days. These companies have been delayed by the difficulty which exists in procuring tents, and the same cause, unless obviated, will materially delay the encampment of the 3,000 troops, and I fear they may be to some extent demoralized by being kept, after being accepted, without marching orders, as my experience has demonstrated that the sooner after acceptance that companies are mustered and go into actual service the better. Until this is done there is great difficulty in keeping them. The 3,000 troops will require at least 600 ordinary tents, and from information derived from the Confederate quartermaster at this place, Major Calhoun, I learn that it will be some weeks before they can be provided with even a small portion of the number required; that the cloth, so far as he knows, has not even been contracted for. I would beg leave to bring to yohere are three factories within twenty-five miles of this place which can turn out 5,000 yards a day of tent cloth of an excellent material. These factories are at Tallassee, Autaugaville, and Prattville.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 22, 1861.

Captain CALEB HUSE and

Major EDWARD C. ANDERSON,

London:

GENTLEMEN: A complete and brilliant victory has crowned our arms. A battle was fought yesterday near Manassas, Va., in which the enemy was routed at every point and driven in confusion from the field. The consequences of this victory are incalculable; but the just exultation inspired by this success should only redouble our energies and our efforts for the future. This war is now assuming truly gigantic proportions. The Government of the United States is straining every nerve, and the Congress has been outstripped by the

