
RICHMOND, July 22, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

At what points have you located the camps of instruction? Do hurry up your two regiments.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, July 22, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Camps of instruction - one for ten companies at Huntsville, the other for twenty at Auburn, Macon County. Wood's regiment, at Tuscumbia, and Cantey's regiment, in Russell County, will be organized, armed, and ready to be mustered into service in a very few days. Shall I give them marching orders, and to what point?*

A. B. MOORE.

NEW ORLEANS, July 23, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am constantly in receipt of communications from members of several of our regiments complaining of the want of clothing, shoes, &amp; c. Have just been informed that the Third Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, that was at Fort Smith, are without shoes, or at least a large number of them, and without means of purchasing. Will you be good enough to inform me in what manner and at what time our troops are to be supplied with those necessaries by the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE.
HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,New Orleans, July 23, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am instructed by Governor Moore to inform you that the Eleventh Regiment is now being organized, and in a few days will be ready to be mustered into the service of the Confederate States. The Governor wishes to inform you further that this regiment will not be composed entirely of companies for the war, for this reason: There are three companies now in camp mustered in for the twelve months. They reached here too late to be placed into the twelve-months' regiments, and there are others that have been organizing int he country for some time past and may reach Camp Moore before the regiment be fully organized. To have disbanded them and sent them back to their homes would have created considerable dissatisfaction and perhaps disaffection. These companies are composed of a fine body of men, who have left their homes and families for the purpose of engaging in this war; besides which, men are getting scarce, and considerable difficulty to procure them for the war. The Governor, therefore, thought it best to place them in the Eleventh Regiment, with companies

---------------

* See Walker to Moore, July 25, 1861, Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 197, ordering these regiments to Richmond.

---------------

