
for the war, hoping it would meet with your approbation. I am further directed to say that immediately after the Eleventh Regiment shall have been organized he will proceed to organize companies under the last requisition made for 3,000 men, and he will from time to time keep you advised of the progress.

I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Louisiana.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 24, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT:

SIR: I herewith transmit estimates from the Quartermaster's Department, marked A; from the Commissary Department, marked B; from the Bureau of Ordnance, including Engineering, marked C and D, and from the Medical Department, marked E. * The estimates from the Quartermaster's Department are made from the 18th of July, 1861, to the 18th of February, 1862, and those from the Commissary and Medical Departments from August 1, 1861, to February 18, 1862, and are in addition to the appropriations heretofore made by Congress. These estimates are for 400 regiments over and above the 100 regiments for which appropriations were made by Congress at its session in May last, or for a force of 500 regiments. We have already in the field 190 regiments and 34 battalions, besides many independent companies, accepted and ready for service. This enumeration does not embrace two regiments recently called for from each of the following States, to wit: Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee; nor does it include the reserve corps of 30,000 troops for which requisition has been made, and of which many are now in camp of instruction, ready for action as soon as they can be supplied with arms. Here lies the great difficulty - the want of arms for our troops. Every possible effort, as you are aware, has been made to procure them. It may not be improper in this connection to state briefly, for the information of Congress, what this Department has done to accomplish this object. It has outstanding contracts with citizens of this Government for the manufacture of 61,200 stand of small-arms, and orders have been sent abroad for 200,000 more, with skillful ordnance officers to see them properly executed. Agents have also been sent to Cuba and Mexico to purchase arms. Thus the contracts and outstanding orders for the purchase and manufacture of arms (not embracing the orders sent to Cuba and Mexico) are for 261,000 stand of the best quality, with corresponding accouterments and equipments.

Besides these contracts and orders agents have been sent into all the States of the Confederacy, not only to purchase arms, but to encourage by liberal orders their manufacture by all persons who could make them, whether in small or large quantities; and to induce our people to bring into the service of the Government whatever arms they might have the Department has proposed to pay for them upon assessments of value to be made by officers of the Government. The armories at Richmond and Fayetteville will soon be in a condition to manufacture muskets and rifles on a large scale, which will complete the arrangements of the Department for the supply of small-arms.

---------------

* All estimates omitted.

---------------

