
agreed upon for the shipment, to the amount of $ 60,000, which was proffered in the person of Mr. Natalie Ulibarri, of the highly respectable and wealthy firm of Muriel, Ulibarri &amp; Co., of Vera Cruz and Mexico, and accepted of by Colonel Theo. Lewis by his readily or willingly assenting thereto.

In relation to our mission while in Vera Cruz we had every assurance of sympathy for the success of our Confederacy and its permanent establishment as a nation that could be given by the officials thereof. And we were further assured that the Governor of the State of Vera Cruz had been instructed by the President of the Mexican Republic to receive and recognize as cn as they, the Confederate States, should appoint. Not only were those good feelings manifested by the authorities of Vera Cruz for us and our cause, but they seemed to be the unanimous sentiments of a truly sympathizing community. On the afternoon of July 2 we left Vera Cruz for this port (Havana) and arrived here safely on the 6th. Immediately after procuring quarters we called on our friend, Mr. H. Lavedan, made known our mission, and desired samples of such things as we desired.

On Monday, the 8th, samples of muskets, rifles, and sabers were shown, but at such prices that we immediately protested against the same. He (Mr. Lavedan) assured us it was a matter he had not the exclusive control of, but would consult the parties interested and get the lowest price they could be had for.

On the 11th we were informed the muskets could be had for $ 13 each, rifles with bayonets at $ 26, powder at $ 7 per keg, lead at 9 cents per pound, percussion-caps $ 6 per thousand, which prices Colonel Theo. Lewis thought too exorbitant, and said the necessities of our country did not warrant him in paying any such prices for the articles, and he could not in conscience do so with the letter of instructions he had. We then consulted Mr. H. Lavedan and made known to him and two of the officials of authority at this place Colonel Theo. Lewis' views and ideas of the prices named and the prices he would pay for the same, which, in our humble opinion, were so supremely ridiculous and penurious that our intercourse was cut off on the subject, our friends and officials declining to negotiate further.

During the time that elapsed in the foregoing negotiations we were making every exertion in our power to procure a suitable conveyance for what we thought we might want to ship. We could find no one who would take the risk unless the freight money was deposited here (in Havana) to be paid on a receipt duly certified that the goods were landed "within the limits of the Confederacy. " On this point we could do nothing without Colonel Theo. Lewis consented to pay the same or left the amount on deposit. We made known to Colonel Theo. Lewis the terms and condition upon which we could 'ship with secrecy" the arms and ammunition. He peremptorily refused to make any such deposit, saying that he had no instruction to do so. At this point we found a stumbling-block which had to be surmounted, and desired to know of Colonel Theo. Lewis what his instructions were. On the 15th of July he read his instructions to us, from which we found he was instructed to use his judgment in selecting such articles as were needed, a list of which he had, and which he insisted had to be purchased for and with the credit of $ 200,000 he had. We made a brief mental calculation of the peace value of his list, and readily saw that it would exceed the amount of his credit near 100 per cent., and we so stated to him, and used our best persuasive powers to make him see that he was

