
acted, and the motives which prompted them, commend their conduct to the approval of every patriotic citizen of the State, and I earnestly suggest that the Legislature, be legal enactments, sanction their suspension. I would further recommend that the other banks of the State be severally authorized to suspend on lending to the State, in specie or its equivalent, a sum in proportion to their respective capitals, of like amount with that agreed to be furnished by the first-names banks, and to be secured in like manner.

In the important change of the condition of the State other and more enlarged duties devolve upon you for consideration. From all the indications it is to be inferred that this State must maintain her sovereignty and independence by force of arms. The Government of the United States, in its infatuation, seems determined to sue force against some or all of the seceding States. Alabama cannot expect to escape while her sister States are subjected to this last argument of kings. Even if no hostile demonstration was made against her, it would not become her dignity, or honor, or interest to stand by and see the power of the Government of the United States used to crush a single-holding State. The instincts of self-preservation would compel Alabama to aid such slave-holding State, engaged in the same cause and having the same destiny, with all the means in her power.

We desire peace with all the world, and especially with the government of the United States and the other States composing the United States. To obtain permanent peace and security of our rights we withdraw from the Union; but the best way to obtain these is t be prepared for war, and if the dread alternative is presented not to shrink from the contest, but meeting it as freemen leave the consequence to that Being who holds in His hands alike the destiny of men and nations.

I would recommend, then, that the State of Alabama be placed, at as early a period as practicable, upon the most efficient war footing. The first requisites of this condition are money, men, and arms. I have already indicated that a loan of $1,000,000 has been secured from the banks. I would recommend that you adopt the necessary steps to have this agreement consummated. I would further recommend that the State borrow another $1,000,000 on her bonds is sums of $500 and $1,000 each, bearing interest at 8 per cent., with the interest payable annually, and to be sold within the State at par-the bonds payable in not less than ten years. I would also advise that executors, administrators, guardians, and all other trustees having trust funds to invest be authorized to invest such funds in these bonds. Not only will these securities be sought after for investment, but thousands of patriotic hearts who have not the ability of the noble sons of South Carolina to make gratuitous contributions will thus be enabled to throw in their mite for the support of the same glorious cause.

I would also suggest that the General Assembly make provision for raising, arming, and officering a regular force of troops of the State, and adopt such army regulations therefor as may be necessary. The regulations for the Army of the United States might form a basis for the system. Enlistments for twelve months, two years, or to the close of hostilities might be adopted, to be ended when the necessity for their services shall cease. In the latter case it might be well to provide, when they are discharged, for a bounty to be paid them.

