
emptory orders had been given to let nothing depart for the Northern section of the States that would come under the description of "arms and ammunition. " While we exceedingly regret that our mission has not been consummated as it should have been and could have been had any other officer or agent accompanied us, for any other officer would have given us encouragement in our mission and would have let the necessities of our cause give a more liberal spirit of interpretation to whatever instructions were given, we are glad to be the medium of communicating to you the great sympathy we have found and of the ability of furnishing you with far more than we at first promised; and under any other auspices than those which have unfortunately attended us in this would have been consummated to your entire satisfaction and approval. Having done everything in our power to execute our mission and having failed only through stupidity (if not worse) of your agent, we think we have justly earned our commissions, and respectfully ask the same for our trouble and expense.

Cheerfully tendering you our services to return and successfully execute the mission as first promised, and especially so if sent under such auspices as we an suggest, and fully appreciating the confidence you reposed in us in the forenamed mission,

We have the honor to be, your most and very obedient servants,

W. G. BETTERTON.

VERA CRUZ, July 27, 1861.

Having read what is said in the above document regarding the transactions for the 2,018 arms which I had engaged for Messrs. Betterton and Chalard at the price of $17 each, I declare it to be a true and correct statement of the whole transaction; also in relation to the security offered in the person of Mr. Natalie Ulibarri, as required by the confidential officer, Mr. Theodore Lewis.

CARLOS DE FUENTES,

Of the firm of Fuentes, Carran &amp; Co., of Vera Cruz.

I certify that I consented to give the loading security for Don Carlos Fuentes, who requested it in view of the demand, as he assured me, of Mr. Theodore Lewis.

N. ULIBARRI.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., July 25, 1861.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, Pensacola, Fla.:

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiry respecting rule to be observed in filling up vacancies occurring in regiments under your command, the Secretary of War derives the following decision from opinions given by the Attorney-General:

When troops are organized under State laws and received into service as so organized, as, for instance, by battalions o regiments, all vacancies occurring are filled according to State laws; but where independent companies are tendered as such and so received by the President, all vacancies are filled by his appointment.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy of same sent to Colonel R. H. Anderson, Charleston, S. C. ; Brigadier Gen. A. R. Lawton, Savannah, Ga. ; W. D. De Saussure, Columbia,

