
S. C. ; Colonel W. M. Levy, Second Louisiana Regiment, Yorktown, Va. ; Major D. Beltzhoover, New Orleans.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, July 25, 1861.

Major H. L. CLAY,

Lynchburg:

MAJOR: The general desires to inform you, in reply to remarks entered upon your report of troops July 18, 1861, that it is decided to accept all organizations, armed and equipped, for any reasonable time insuring their useful employment, and all organizations, from a company up, offered for twelve months' service. He desires that you will muster in all troops so offering.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 25, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War of the Confederate States:

SIR: Your communication to the Governor of the 20th instant was received by him only on yesterday. I am directed by the Governor to say that the inquires made in my letter of the 18th were dictated solely with a view to obviate difficulties which presented themselves by the proposition to transfer the machinery, &amp;c., taken at Harper's Ferry to the Confederate States, and with it the State armory. To understand these difficulties a few facts will suffice. The General Assembly of Virginia, to provide for the exigencies foreseen previous to the secession of the State, directed the State armory to be remodeled and to be fifteen up with complete machinery for manufacturing the most efficient arms. For this purpose a contract had been made with J. R. Anderson & Co. for the machinery necessary, and the preparatory work for the building had far advanced, and a part of the machinery had been completed when the Harper's Ferry machinery was taken. As this machinery was more than sufficient for the purposes on the State armory at Richmond, a portion of it was loaned to the State of North Carolina, to be used at Fayetteville, and the balance was intended to be used here. It was supposed that it would be unnecessary, therefore, for Anderson & Co. to proceed further in the execution of their contract, the State holding itself bound for the work executed by them. A large expenditure had also been made in preparing the building for machinery.

Besides this, as I stated in my former letter, the State was engaged in manufacturing gun carriages, caissons, &c., under orders from General Lee, still unexecuted, but only to a limited extent. She had officers and employees engaged in all these duties. The armory had been made by law a military post. The Public Guard, a State company, had been posted there in the neighborhood to act as a guard of the armory and other public property. Arrangesary to be made for this company. A considerable number of public arms were still stored in the armory building. Some arrangement was necessary for these arms. It became absolutely essential under all

