
these considerations, when the convention of the State directed that the use of the armory should be tendered to the Confederate States by the Governor, that he should know whether the machinery was intended to be put up in this building or not, and whether the arrangements heretofore existing were to continue.

The Governor, reciprocating fully the desire expressed by you "to cultivate a spirit of the most perfect harmony and mutual understanding between the government of Virginia and the Confederate Government," is gratified to learn from your letter that your "Department will take the responsibility of saying that the Confederate Government," is gratified to learn from your letter that your "Department will take the responsibility of saying that the Confederate Government will assume the liability for all operations which were in progress at the time this transfer was made, or which, being then under contract, are not yet completed, and desires that these operations may be completed by the officers previously charged with them. " And, further, that "compensation of the officers and workmen employed and all other expenses properly incidental to the operations in question will of course be included in this liability. "

With this understanding, no new contracts will be made. The Governor is gratified also to learn that "it is the present intention of your Department to continue the operation of the machinery in the armory at Richmond, and under all circumstances, so long as possible, to continue the use of the armory for the objects to which it has been devoted in the service of the Confederate States. " As soon as a suitable person is assigned to the duty by the proper department of the Confederate States, and suitable arrangements can be made to meet theetailed in the previous part of this letter, the Governor will designate a proper person to whom the duty of the transfer will be assigned and a written agreement can be signed by the parties.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

BUTLER, CHOCTAW COUNTY, ALA., July 26, 1861.

L. P. WALKER, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: Quite a number of men of undoubted respectability are anxious to serve the Government on their own account. It is proposed to form a company or companies, proceed against the enemy in any manner that will cripple the enemy most and do our Government most service. It is further proposed in forming such companies and in going to war, in order to sustain such companies purpose going and fighting without restraint and under no orders and convey the property captured to their own private use, thereby benefitting their own private use, thereby benefitting their own pecuniary circumstances as well as doing their own country good service by crippling the enemy. Our Government will not have us to support or sustain, and all that such companies desire would be some verbal or written or hold us accountable in after time for the part taken in the premises. As regards the enemy, we will take care of ourselves. Would the Government look upon us as unlawful bands that ought to be dispersed, capture us, and hold us amenable to the laws of the country? Or would not the Government, as well as good citizens,

