
applaud rather than condemn such a movement? That is a question I would feel obliged if you will answer me at your earliest convenience. We have a desperate enemy to contend with, and if necessary must resort to desperate means. I have been constrained to write you for information not only for myself, but others concerned, and in doing so I am only actuated by a strong desire for my country's good.

Yours, respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. M. K, CAMPBELL.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 29, 1861.

Major GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, &c., C. S. Army:

SIR: A letter has been received at this Department from the honorable secretary of the Commonwealth of Virginia detailing the operations now in progress or under contract in charge of the authorities of the State of Vting the readiness on the part of the Governor of Virginia, "as soon as a suitable person is assigned to the duty by the proper department of the Confederate States, and suitable arrangement can be made to meet the circumstances detailed in the previous part of this letter," to be designate a proper person to whom the duty of the transfer will be assigned, and a written agreement can be signed by the parties. You have already been commissioned to represent the Confederate Government in the transfer in question. As soon, therefore, as the operations referred to are completed by the proper authorities of the State of Virginia now in charge of them you are authorized to receive the transfer and to enter into the agreement proposed on the terms already agreed upon on the part of their government.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

FAYETTEVILLE, TENN., July 29, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: The undersigned have the honor to inform you that at and by a meeting of a portion of the citizens of the county of Lincoln on this day they were appointed a committee to correspond with you touching the matters embodied in the following resolution and proceedings, which were had and done in said meeting, which proceedings are as follows, to wit:

Resolved, That the chairman appoint a committee of three persons to correspond with the War Department at Richmond touching the following matters, to wit:

Can the said Department furnish all of our soldiers now in the field with shoes, socks, coats, pants, blankets, shirts, and every article necessary to constitute a soldier's winter dress? If not all of them can be so furnished, what proportion can be so supplied by the Department, and to what extent, with each of the articles making complete a soldier's dress? The object of our citizens being, if the Department cannot furnish all of said necessary winter clothing, shoeing, &c., to inaugurate a plan by which the deficit, if there should be a deficit, maypplied.

JAS. G. WOOD,

Chairman.

GEO. J. GOODRICH,

Secretary.

