
Our citizens feel a deep solicitude about our soldiers and their comfort during the approaching winter, and knowing that our ports were under a blockade, that our manufactures to the wants of our people and of our Army, and that our funding and financial system and also our system of government are yet without consolidation and organized system, we have apprehended that the Department would be unable to furnish all the comforts of clothing so necessary to shield the soldier form the blasts of winter. We therefore desired to know whether the Government wants aid and co-operation in the premises. If Government is unable to furnish all, we desire to know it at an early day, that we may take such steps as to effect all that we can in the premises. From our wool we can make blankets, clothing, and socks, and clothe every man we have in the field (about 900) if necessary, and we trust that the Secretary of War may be pleased to inform us at an early day touching the above inquiries. The committee also respectfully suggest to the Department looking to the unity and co-operation of the people of every county in the South in the premises, and that said plan be published in all the papers of the South. Pardon the committee and those whom we represent for these suggestions, for, knowing that we are all animated by the one high and holy purpose, of achieving and maintaining our independence, we thought we could do no less.

Trusting, sir, that our war may be as successful as your labors are arduous, and that the honorable Mr. Walker may be pleased to give undersigned an answer as early as possible.

We have, sir, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

JOEL J. JONES,

JACOB GILLSPIE,

DAVID F. ROBERTSON,

Committee.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 29, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: The letter of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Virginia detailing the operations in the Virginia armory at Richmond, now in charge of the authorities of the State of Virginia, has been received. This Department is gratified to know that its late letter on the subject of the proposed transfer was satisfactory to your Excellency, and cordially reciprocates the kindly feelings expressed by Your Excellency toward the Confederate Government. The operations referred to are only such as this Department fully approves, and will doubtless be faithfully and satisfactorily executed by the officers now charged with them. It is finally stated that-

As soon as a suitable person is assigned to the duty by the proper department of the Confederate States, and suitable arrangements can be made to meet the circumstances detailed in the previous part of this (your) letter, the governor will designate a proper person to whom the duty of the transfer will be assigned, and a written agreement can be signed by the parties.

