
Major Gorgas is authorized to represent this Government in the transfer proposed, and will, therefore, as soon as the arrangements referred to are completed, enter on the pat of the Government with the written agreement proposed.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of war.

A RESOLUTION to dispose of donations made by certain churches on the date fast day.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the sum of $5,278,88, reported by the Secretary of the Treasury as received into the Treasury from donations by churches on the late fast day, be appropriated as a fund for the use of the soldiers and officers wounded at the late battle of Manassas, and that the same be disbursed and applied by the Secretary of the Treasury, with the concurrence of the chairman of the committee of this House.

Approved July 30, 1861.

RESOLUTIONS in relation to the First Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to receive and muster into the service of the Confederate States of America the First Regiment of North Carolina Volunteers, now stationed at Yorktown, for the term of six months from the time they were sworn in and mustered in to the service of North Carolina, and to discharge them after the expiration of that period; said period to commence at the time the first company of said regiment was mustered into the service of North Carolina.

Resolved further, That the cadets from the North Carolina Institute, at Charlotte, who may have been acting with said regiment be mustered into the service in the same manner as the residue of the regiment and recognized as part thereof, with the pay of privates.

Approved July 30, 1861.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 110. Richmond, July 30, 1861.

* * * * *

IX. Surg. Samuel P. Moore, Medical Department, is assigned to duty in this city as Acting Surgeon-General, C. S. Army. He will relieve Surg. Charles H. Smith, in charge of the Medical Bureau.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 31, 1861.

Hon. POWELL COBB,

President of the Congress:

SIR: In accordance with a resolution of the Congress adopted on the 29th instant, I herewith transmit a copy of the report of Lieut. Colonel

