
In conformity with the second of the above resolutions, the list therein asked for is herewith transmitted. * A considerable number of these appointments still await confirmation.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 31, 1861.

Major J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army:

SIR: The Governor has received your letter of the 30th instant, and requests me to reply that in my letter to the honorable the Secretary of War dated the 25th of the present month I stated that-

As soon as suitable person is assigned to the duty by the proper department of the Confederate States, and suitable arrangements can be made to meet the circumstances detailed in the previous part of this letter, the Governor will designate a proper person to whom the duty of the transfer will be assigned, and a written agreement can be signed by the parties.

You say in your letter "it is indispensable to the vigorous prosecution of the public work that the authorities of the Confederate States should have exclusive control over all the public buildings appertaining to the armory; " and yet the Governor has not been apprised that any person has been appointed or assigned to the duty of making the suitable arrangements to carry out the transfer "by written agreement" to "be signed by the parties. " You remark:

For this purpose it is proposed that the stock of small-arms now there belonging to the State of Virginia be turned over to the Confederate States and repaired at their expense Issues form arms so repaired will be made, of course, to troops from Virginia equally with other troops.

This subject of the arms belonging to the State was expressly stated in my letter to be one of the subjects upon which some arrangement was necessary, and for which arrangement some person should be appointed and some written agreement entered into. The State of Virginia has with liberality and cordiality armed a large number of the Confederate troops from her limited supply of arms, and she wishes to reserve the arms now left in her armory for a case of emergency, when it may be requisite to give them to her unarmed militia. She had already made arrangements for repairing and percussioning these guns. Under these circumstances the Governor believed that the Confederate States might continue the arrangements made for repairing and percussioning and agree to reserve these arms for the use of the State. This was a matter reserved for agreement. You remark:

It is highly desirable that the erecting of carriages and caissons be pushed to completion as fast as possible, and that the office of the colonel of ordnance and the Public Guard be removed, in order that the control of the establishment should be completely in the hands of the Confederate States.

In the letter of the Honorable Secretary of War, before alluded to, he uses the following language, that the Confederate Government, "desires that these operations may be completed by the officers previously charged with them. " When the operations are completed the officers will no longer be necessary. This was one of the details which

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

