
it was supposed would be settled by written agreement. The Governor again reiterates his desire to promote earnestly the good of the common cause and to throw no obstacles in the way needlessly; but the transfer of a large State establishment like the armory, the right of property in which is to be retained by the State, requires formalities and written agreements by properly authorized agents which cannot be dispensed with.

Among the subjects requiring consideration and adjustment is one which I have not previously mentioned, but must be brought to the notice of the Confederate Government. It is this: The water-power by which the machinery at the armory is propelled does not belong to the State, but is rented by the State from the James River and Kanawha Company. For this water-power the State pays about the sum of $1,200 annually. It is but reasonable that in the transfer of the armory the Government of the Confederate States should assume to pay for the use of the water while used by them. This is another subject requiring arrangement. As to the Public Guard, it was expected by the Governor that other quarters should be provided for them by the State.

In conclusion, you request that the Governor "will give such directions as will lead to the complete evacuation of the buildings at as early a day as practicable. " The whole subject is left, under my letter of the 25th instant, in the control of the Secretary of War. It will be attended to with pleasure "as soon as a suitable person is assigned to the duty by the proper department of the Confederate States and suitable arrangements can be made to meet the circumstances detailed" and "a written agreement can be signed by the parties. "

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 31, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans, LA.:

SIR: In reply to Your Excellency's letter of the 23d instant I have to reply that the law requires troops to clothe themselves; but this Department is making every possible exertion to complete an arrangement to furnish them with clothes, believing, however, that it will be impossible to do so very soon.

Very respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

RICHMOND, August 1, 1861.

Hon. HOWELL COBB,

President of Congress of Confederate States:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the resolution of inquiry of this date in relation to the commissariat of the Confederate States, and to reply that its condition is, in my judgment, quite as good as was reasonable to expect. The occupation of the railroads in the transportation of troops and munitions of war has interfered with the collection of the desired supply of bacon, but no complaint of a

