
sufficient of rations has reached me until within a few days past. I have been informed of a failure of issues to troops at Manassas; the chief commissary there has communicated to me that the failure was restricted to the articles of hard bread and bacon. As this, however, was not consistent with the complaint made, inquiries have been instituted as well to remedy any existing irregularities as to prevent such occurrence in future.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

A TREATY of friendship made and concluded at the Seminole council-house, in the Seminole Nation, west of Arkansas, on the first day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, commissioner with plenary powers of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Seminole Nation of red men, by its chiefs, headmen, and warriors in general council assembled, of the other part.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America having, by "An act for the protection of certain Indian tribes," approved the twenty-first day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, offered to assume and accept the protectorate of the several nations and tribes of Indians occupying the country west of Arkansas and Missouri, and to recognize them as their wards, subject to all the rights, privileges, and immunities, titles, and guarantees with each of the said nations and tribes under treaties made with them by the United States of America; and the Seminole Nation of red men having assented thereto upon certain terms and conditions:

Now, therefore, the said Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, their commissioner, appointed by the President, under authority of the act of Congress in their behalf, with plenary powers for these purposes, and the Seminole Nation, in general council assembled, have agreed to the following articles, that is to say:

ARTICLE I. There shall be perpetual peace and friendship between the Confederate States of America and all of their States and people and the Seminole Nation of red men and all its towns and individuals.

ART II. The Seminole Nation of red men acknowledges itself to be under the protection of the Confederate States of America, and of no other power or sovereign whatever, and doth hereby stipulate and agree with them that it will not hereafter, nor shall any of its towns or individuals, contract any alliance or enter into any compact, treaty, or agreement with any individual State or with a foreign power: Provided, That it may make such compacts and agreements with neighboring nations and tribes of Indians for their mutual welfare and the prevention of difficulties as may not be contrary to this treaty or inconsistent with its obligations to the Confederate States; and the said Confederate States do hereby assume and accept the said protectorate, and recognize the said Seminole Nation as their ward; and by the consent of the said Seminole Nation, now here freely given, the country whereof it is proprietor in fee, as the same is hereinafter defined, is annexed to the Confederate States, in the same manner and to as it was annexed to the United States of America before that Government was dissolved, with such modifications, however, of the terms of annexation and upon such conditions as are hereinafter expressed, in addition to al the rights, privileges, immunities, titles, and guarantees with or in favor of the said nation under treaties made with it and under statutes of the United States of America.

33 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

