
ART. III. The following shall constitute and remain the boundaries of the Seminole country, viz: Beginning on the Canadian River a few miles east of the ninety-seventh parallel of west longitude, where Ok-hai-ap-po, or Pond Creek, empties into the same; thence due north to the North Fork of the Canadian; thence up the said North Fork of the Canadian to the southern line of the Cherokee country; thence with that line west to the one-hundredth parallel of west longitude; thence south along said parallel of longitude to the Canadian River, and thence down and with that river to the place of beginning.

ART. IV. The Seminole Nation hereby gives its full, free, and unqualified assent to those provisions of the act of Congress of the Confederate States of America entitled "An act for t he protection Confederate States of America entitled "An act for the protection of certain Indian tribes," approved the twenty-first day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, whereby it was declared that all the reversionary and other interest, right, title, and proprietorship of the United States in, unto, and over the Indian country in which that of the said nation is included should pass to and vest in the Confederate States; and whereby the President of the Confederate States was authorized to make military possession of all said country; and whereby all the laws of the United States, with the exception thereinafter made, applicable to and in force in said country and not inconsistent with the letter or spirit of any treaty stipulations entered into with the Seminole Nation, among others were re-enacted, continued in force, and declared to be in force in said country as law and statutes of the said Confederate States contained is or may be is to be of none effect henceforward, and shall upon the ratification hereof be deemed and taken to have been repealed and annulled as of relate to and be taken to have been given upon the said day of the approval of the said act of Congress.

ART V. The Confederate States of America do hereby solemnly guarantee to the Seminole Nation, to be held by it to its own use and behold in fee simple forever, the lands included within the boundaries defined in the preceding article of this treaty, to be held by the people of the said nation in common, as they have heretofore been held, so long as grass shall grow and water run, if the said nation shall so please, but with power of making partition thereof and disposition of the same by laws of the nation duly enacted; by which partition or sale title in fee simple absolute shall vest in parcener and purchasers whenever it shall please the nation, of its own free will and accord and without solicitation from any quarter, to dos o; which solicitation the Confederate States hereby solemnly agree never to use; and the title and tenure hereby guaranteed to the said nation is and shall be subject o no other conditions, reservations, or restrictions whatever than such as are hereinafter specially expressed.

ART. VI. None of the said lands hereby guaranteed to the Seminole Nation shall be sold, ceded, or otherwise disposed of to any foreign power, or to any state or government whatever; and in as any such sale, cession, or disposition should be made without the consent of the Confederate States, all the said lands shall thereupon revert to the Confederate States.

ART. VII. It is further hereby agreed and stipulated that no part of the tract of country hereinbefore guaranteed to the Seminole Nation,

