
sales or leases; and it alone shall determine who are members and citizens of the nation entitled to vote at elections, hold office, or share in annuities or in the common lands: Provided, That when persons of another tribe shall once have been received as members of the Seminole Nation they shall not be disfranchised or subjected to any other restrictions upon the right of voting than such as shall apply to the Seminoles themselves. But no Indians other than Seminoles and Creeks not now reside without the consent or permission of the legislative authority of the nation.

ART. XXII. If any citizen of the Confederate States or any other persons not being permitted to do so by the authorities of said nation any lands of the Seminole Nation he shall forfeit the protection upon him, not being cruel, unusual, or excessive, as may have been previously prescribed by law of the nation.

ART. XXIII. No citizen or inhabitant of the Confederate States shall pasture stock on the lands of the Seminole Nation under the penalty of $1 per head for all so pastured, to be collected by the authorities of the nation; but their citizens shall be at liberty at all times, and whether for business or pleasure, peaceably to travel the Seminole country and to drive their stock t market or otherwise through the same, and to halt such reasonable time on the way as may be necessary to recruit their stock, such delay being in good faith for that purpose. It is also further agreed that the members of the Seminole Nation shall have the same right of traveling, driving stock, and halting to recruit the same in any of the Confederate States.

ART. XXIV. The officers and people of the Seminole and Creek Nations, respectively, shall have at all times the right of safe conduct through the lands of each other; and the members or each nation shall have the right, freely and without seeking license or permission, to settle within the country of the other, and shall thereupon be entitled to all the rights, privileges, and imers thereof, including the right of voting at all elections and being deemed qualified to hold office, and excepting only that no member of either nation shall be entitled to participate in any funds belonging to the other nation. Members of either nation shall have the right to institute and prosecute suits in the courts of the other under such regulations as may from time to time be prescribed by their respective Legislatures.

ART. XXV. Any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of either the Seminole or Creek Nation and escaping into the jurisdiction of the other shall be promptly surrendered upon the demand of the proper authority of the nation within whose jurisdiction the offense shall be alleged to have been committed.

ART. XXVI. The Seminole Nation shall promptly apprehend and deliver up all persons accused of any crime against the laws of the Confederate States or any State thereof who may be found within its limits, on demand of any proper officer of a State of the Confederate States; and the authorities of each of said States shall in like manner deliver up, on demand of the executive authority of the Seminole Nation, any person subject to the jurisdiction of the tribunals of such nation and accused of any crime against its laws.

ART. XXVII. In addition to so much and such parts of the acts of Congress of the United States enacted to regulate trade and intercourse with Indian tribes and to preserve peace on the frontiers as

