
may have been re-enacted and continued in force by the Confederate States, and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this treaty, so much of the laws of the Confederate States as provide for the punishment of crimes amounting to felony at common law or by statute against the laws, authority, or treaties of the Confederate States, and over which the courts of the Confederate States have jurisdiction, including the counterfeiting the coin of the Confederate States or of the United States, or the securities of the Confederate States, or in uttering counterfeit coin or securities, and so much of such laws as provides for the punishment of violators of neutrality laws and resistance to the process of the Confederate States and all the facts of the Provisional Congress providing for the common defense and welfare, so far as the same are not locally inapplicable, shall hereafter be in force in the Seminole country.

ART. XXVIII. Whenever any person who is a member of the Seminole Nation shall be indicted for any offense in any court in the Confederate States, or in a State court, he shall be entitled as of common right to subpoena, and, if necessary, compulsory process for all such witnesses in his behalf as his counsel may think material for his defense; and the costs of process for such witnesses and of service thereof, and the fees and mileage of such witnesses, shall be paid by the Confederate States, being afterward made, if practicable, in the case of conviction, of the property of the accused. And whenever the accused is not able to employ counsel, the court shall assign him one experienced counsel for his defense, who shall be paid by the Confederate States a reasonable compensation for his services, to be fixed by the court and paid upon the certificate of the judge.

ART. XXIX. The provisions of all such acts of the Congress of the Confederate States as may now be in force, or as may hereafter be enacted for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of the Constitution in regard to the ritive slaves or fugitives from labor and service, shall extend to and be in full force within the said Seminole Nation, and shall also apply to all cases of escape of fugitive slaves from the said Seminole Nation into any other Indian nation or into one of the Confederate States, the obligation upon each such nation or State to redeliver such slaves being in every case as complete as if they had escaped form another State, and the mode of procedure the same.

ART. XXX. Persons belonging to the Seminole Nation shall hereafter be completed witnesses in all cases, civil and criminal, in the courts of the Confederate States, unless rendered incompetent from some other cause than their Indian blood or descent.

ART. XXXI. It is hereby further agreed by the Confederate States that all the members of the Seminole Nation, as hereinbefore defined, shall be henceforward competent to take, hold, and pass, by purchase or descent, lands in any of the Confederate States heretofore or hereafter acquired by them, and to sue and implead in any of the courts of each of the States in the same manner, and as fully and under the same terms and restrictions and on the same conditions only, as citizens of another of the Confederate States can do.

ART. XXXII. Whenever regular courts of justice shall be established in the Seminole Nation the official acts of all its judicial officers shall have the same effect, and be entitled to the like faith and credit everywhere, as the like acts of judicial officers of the same grade and everywhere, as the like acts of judicial officers of the same grade and jurisdiction in any one of the Confederate States; and the proceedings of the courts and tribunals of the said nation, and copies of its laws

