
and judicial and other records, shall be authenticated like similar proceedings of the courts of the Confederate States and the laws and office records of the same, and be entitled to the like faith and credit.

ART. XXXIII. It is hereby declared the institution of slavery in the Seminole Nation is legal and has existed from time immemorial; that slaves are taken and deemed to be personal property; that the title to slaves and other property having its origin in the said nation shall be determined by the laws and customs thereof, and that the slaves and other personal property of every person domiciled in said nation shall pass and be distributed at his or her death in accordance with the laws, usages, and customs of the said nation, which may be proved like foreign laws, usages, and customs, and shall everywhere be held varied and binding within the scope of their operations.

ART. XXXIV. No ex post facto law or law impairing the obligation of contracts shall ever be enacted by the legislative authority of the Seminole Nation to affect any other persons that its own people; nor shall any citizen of the Confederate States or member of any other Indian nation or tribe be deprived of his property, or deprived or restrained of his liberty, or fine penalty, or forfeiture be imposed on him in the said country, except by the law of the land, nor without due process of the law; nor shall any such citizen by in any way deprived of any of the rights guaranteed to all citizens by the Constitution of the Confederate States; and it shall be within the province of the agent to prevent any infringement of such rights and of this article, if it should in any case be necessary.

ART. XXXV. It is hereby further agreed that the Congress of the Confederate States shall establish and maintain post-offices at the most important places in the Seminole Nation, and cause the mails to be regularly carried, at reasonable intervals, to and from the same, at the same rates of postage and in the same manner as in the Confederate States.

ART. XXXVI. It is further agreed by the said Confederate states that the said Seminole Nation shall never be required or called upon to pay, in land or otherwise, any part of the expenses of the present war, or of any war waged by or against the Confederate States.

ART. XXXVII. In order to enable the Creek and Seminole Nations to claim their rights and secure their interests without the intervention of counsel or agents, and as they were originally one and the same people and are now entitled to reside in the country of each other, they shall be jointly entitled to a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the Confederate States of America, who shall serve for the term of two years, and be a member of one of said nations, ever twenty-one years of age, and laboring under no legal disability by the law of either nation; and each Delegate shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges as may be enjoyed by the Delegate from any Territory of the Confederate States to the said House of Representatives. Each shall receive such pay and mileage as shall be fixed by gate shall be held at such time and places, and be conducted in such manner as shall be prescribed by the agent of the Confederate states for the Creeks, to whom returns of such election shall be made, and he shall declare the person having the greatest number of votes to be duly elected and give him a certificate of election accordingly, which shall entitle him to his seat. For all subsequent elections the times,

