
places, and manner of holding them and ascertaining and certifying the result shall be prescribed by law of the Confederate States.

ART. XXXVIII. It is hereby ascertained and agreed by and between the Confederate States and the Seminole Nation that the United States of America, of which the Confederate States were heretofore a part, were, before the separation, indebted and still continue to be indebted to the Seminole Nation in the following sums annually, and bound to the punctual payment thereof to them, on the thirteenth [thirtieth] day of December in each year, that is to say:

Perpetual annuities, amounting to the sum of $25,000, being the annual interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the two sums of $250,000 each, which were, by the eighth article of the treaty of the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, to be invested by the United States at that rate of interest, and the interest to be regularly paid over to the nation per capita as annuity, no part of which was ever invested.

And the sums of $3,000 for the support of schools, $2,000 for agricultural assistance, and $2,200 for the support of smiths and smith shops among the Seminoles, which were by the same treaty to be paid annually for ten years from and after the making of the said treaty.

And it is hereby further ascertained and agreed that there was due to the Seminole Nation form the United States of America, on the thirtieth day of December, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty, on account of said annual payments and the arrearage thereof, the sums following, that is to say:

For arrearage of the said sum of $3,000 annually for the support of schools, from the seventh day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, until and including the payment for the thirtieth day of December, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty, $13,000.

The sum of $2,000 for agricultural assistance and the sum of $2,200 for the support of smiths and smith shops, both payable on the day last mentioned.

And it not being desired by the Confederate States that the Seminole Nation should continue to receive these annual sums from the Government of the United States, or otherwise have any further connection or communication with that Government, and they being willing for the benefit and improvement of the seminole people to extend the time during which the said annual sums of $3,000 for the support of schools and of $2,200 for the support of smiths and smith shops shall be paid; therefore, the said Confederate States of America do hereby assume the payment for the future of the above-recited annuity and annual payments, and do agree and bind themselves regularly and punctually to pay the same in manner following, that is to say:

The said annuity or annual interest of $25,000 annually forever, commencing with the thirtieth day of December next, $5,000 thereof annually to the treasurer of the nation, to be used and disbursed as the general council shall direct for governmental and other purposes, and the residue of $20,000 annually per capita to all the individuals of the Seminole Nation, equally and share and share alike: Provided, That after the restoration of peace and the establishment and recognition of the independence of the Confederate States, and if it be required by the general council of the Seminole Nation, the capital sum of $500,000, on which the said annual interest is hereby provided

