
to be paid, shall be invested by the President in safe stocks, at their market value, bearing an annual interest of at least 6 per cent., so that the most advantageous investment possible shall be made for the Seminole Nation; which stocks shall be thereon collected by the Confederate States and by them paid annually to the Seminoles, $5,000 in each year to the treasurer of the nation, to be applied to such governmental and other purposes as the general council shall direct, and the whole residue per capita to all the individuals of the nation. The said sum of $3,000 for the support of schools annually for twenty years from and after the making of this treaty, beginning with the present year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and payable on the thirtieth day of December in each year, to be expended and applied under the direction of the President of the Confederate States by the agent of the Seminoles.

The said sum of $2,200 for the support of smiths and smith shops annually for ten years from and after the making of this treaty, beginning with the present year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and payable on the thirtieth day of December in each year, to be expended and applied by or under the direction of the general council for the support of smiths and smith shops in the said nation.

The said sum of $2,000 for agricultural assistance annually for five years from and after the making of this treaty, beginning with the present year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and payable on the thirtieth day of December in each year, to be expended and applied, under the direction of the Confederate States for the said nation.

And the said Confederate States do also agree and bind themselves to appropriate and pay, immediately after the complete ratification of this treaty, time sum of $17,200, the aggregate of the sums which were so due and payable as aforesaid on the thirtieth day of December, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty; the sums of $13,000 and $2,000, part thereof, to be expended and disbursed by the agent, under the direction of the President, the former for the support of schools and the latter in the way of agricultural assistance, and the sum of $2,200, the residue thereof, to be paid to the treasurer of the nation and applied by the general council to the support of smiths and smith shops: Provided, That the President shall not be required to extend the whole of said sum of $13,000 at once, but shall apply the same judiciously from time to time and at such times and in such sums as shall seem to him best calculated to diffuse the benefits of education and knowledge among the children of the Seminoles. And it is further agreed by the Confederate States that they will also add to the aid sum the further sum of $1,000, to be applied by the agent to the erection of two additional school-houses at suitable points in the Seminole country.

ART. XXXIX. It being alleged by the Seminole people that certain persons among them are entitled to compensation for the loss sustained by them by being dispossessed of a large number of slaves about the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven by an illegal order of General Thomas S. Jesup, and which were protected against the claims of the owners by order of that general, at Fort Gibson or elsewhere, for a long time, and until they were delivered up to the United States sub-agent for the Seminoles about the first

