
services for four years; but her claim for compensation could never obtain a hearing or consideration at the hands of the United States, because to pay it would have been to admit the legality of property in slaves, and therefore even an examination of it was refused at the making of the treaty of the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six: Therefore, the Confederate States do hereby agree to pay to the heirs of the said Sally Factor, deceased, in full satisfaction for said claim, the sum of $5,000 immediately after the ratification of this treaty.

ART. XLI. It being urged, with much reason, by the authorities of the Seminole Nation that the delegates, forty in number, who went with the Superintendent of Indian Affairs to Florida in one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to bring about the removal of the hostile Seminoles, received but an insufficient compensation of the sum of $200 each for four months' absence from their homes; and the said Confederate States being desirous to leave no just and fair claim of the Seminoles or any of them unadjusted, or any of their friends among the red men justly dissatisfied, it is therefore hereby agreed on the part of the Confederate States that they will pay, upon the ratification of this treaty, to the principal chief, John Jumper, or Hin-I-ha Micco, for his services at that time and in consideration of his loyalty at the present time, the sum of $500 for himself and the sum of $1,250 to be equally divided by him among five of the principal men among the said delegates, and will also pay to him for each of the other thirty-four delegates the sum of $100 in full of all their claims and in view of their present loyalty and good faith.

ART. XLII. It is hereby further agreed by the Confederate States that they will pay, upon the complete ratifications of this treaty, to the principal chief of the Seminole Nation, to be equally divided by him among the commissioners appointed by the general council and who have negotiated this treaty, the sum of $500 by way of compensation for their time and services therein.

ART. XLVIII. To give the Seminoles full and entire assurance of the completeness of their title to their lands, the Confederate States hereby agree that there shall be executed and delivered to the Seminole Nation letters patent of conveyance and assurance of the same, whereby the same shall be guaranteed to them in fee simple forever, with power of disposition, in the language of Article IV of this treaty, under the great seal of the Confederate States, and signed by the President, upon parchment, so that it may not decay or its letters fade.

ART. XLIV. A general amnesty of all past offenses against the laws of the United States and of the Confederate States, committed in the Indian country before the signing of this treaty by any member of the Seminole Nation, as such membership is defined in this treaty, is hereby declared, and all such persons, if any, whether convicted or not, imprisoned or at large, charged with any such offense, shall receive from the President full and free pardon and be discharged.

ART. XLV. It is further agreed between the parties that all provisions of the treaties of the Seminole Nation with the Union States which secure a guarantee to the Seminole Nation, or individuals thereof, any rights or privileges whatever, and the place whereof is not supplies by and which are not contrary to the provisions of this

