
tant that some authorized agent of the Government come here immediately for the purpose of taking an inventory and receipting for such supplies as are on hand in these departments.

In your letter to Mr. Gant you say, upon the subject of army appointments, that "Governor Harris has already been requested, in a letter from the President, to present his recommendations for these appointments. " I have only to say that the letter of the President referred to has never come to hand, but in obedience to what I herewith transmit a list of the various persons appointed by me whose appointments have been confirmed by the General Assembly to the various official positions connected with the provisional army of Tennessee, the reappointment of all of whom I earnestly recommend except the few that I have marked on the list "Not to be reappointed. "* Such as are thus marked I cannot recommend.

I regard it as a matter of importance that the army of Tennessee should be organized into brigades and divisions and commanded by Tennesseeans. Identified as we are by a common interest, sympathy, reputation, and long association, our troops will be more efficient and vastly more contented when thus organized and commanded. I hope, therefore, that the organization will take place immediately, and a sufficient number of generals be appointed from the State to command. I hope, theretofore, that the organization will take place immediately, and a sufficient number of generals be appointed from the State to command them.

The President has already appointed five brigadier-generals from Tennessee-Pillow, Anderson, Donelson, Zollicoffer, and Cheatham. I trust that he may find it consistent with his sense of duty to appoint Robert C. Foster, John L. T. Sneed, and W. R. Caswell, all good and true men, and each had discharged the duties of his position well and faithfully in the organization of the provisional army of the State. In this connection you must allow me to suggest through you to the President that General Pillow would be more efficient and can render more important service to the cause as a major-general than he can as a brigadier; and in view of his ability, experience, and past services in that position during the Mexican war, I feel that he is entitled to the appointment and hope that it may be made.

The medical staff of our army was selected with great care and I am sure will not be excelled, if indeed it is equaled, in any State of the Confederacy. It is a matter of importance to the army that it be continued intact.

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

AN ACT to make provision for the care of supplies for the sick and wounded.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of War shall forthwith appoint a clerk in the office of the Surgeon-General to take charge of all hospital supplies and other articles which may be contributed for the use of the sick and wounded; and the same to dispose of, according to the wishes of the contributors, under the direction of the Medical Department of the Army; the salary of said clerk not to exceed $1,000; and the said clerk shall be authorized, under the direction of the Surgeon-General, to procure and fit up a proper place for the safe-keeping and proper disposal of the said articles.

Approved August 2, 1861.

---------------

*List not found.

---------------

