
AN ACT to provide for an additional field officer to volunteer battalions, and for the appointment of assistant adjutants-general for the provisional forces.

Be it enacted by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the eight section of the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, "to provide for the public defense,' be, and the same is hereby, so far amended that whenever battalions of volunteers in the service of the Confederate States shall consist of not less than six companies, there may be allowed, in the discretion of the President, to each battalion so constituted two field officers, one with the rank of lieutenant-colonel and the other with the rank of major.

SEC. 2. That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint for the volunteer forces in the Confederate service as many assistant adjutants-general as the service may require, whose rank shall correspond with the rank of the assistant adjutants-general in the Regular Army, and who shall receive the same pay and allowances, according to their respective grades.

Approved August 2, 1861.

AN ACT to extend the provisions of an act entitled "An act to prohibit the exportation of cotton from the Confederate States, except through the sea-ports of said States, and to punish persons offending therein," approved May twenty-one, eighteen hundred and sixty-one. *

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the provisions of the above-recited act be, and the same are hereby, extended and made applicable to the exportation of tobacco, sugar, rice, molasses, sirup, and naval stores form the Confederate States from and after the tenth day of August next.

Approved August 2, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 2, 1861.

W. S. TURNER,

Helena, Ark.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 17th of July I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that this Department is not prepared to accept the negro regiment tendered by you, and yet it is not doubted that almost every slave would cheerfully aid his master in the work of hurling back the fanatical invader. Moreover, if the necessity were apparent there is high authority of the employment of such forces. Washington himself recommended the enlistment of two negro regiments in Georgia, and the Congress sanctioned the measure. But now there is a superabundance of our color tendering their services to the Government in its day of peril and ruthless invasion, a superabundance of men when we are bound to admit the inadequate supply of arms at present at the disposal of the Government.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

---------------

*See p. 341.

34 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

---------------

