
RICHMOND, August 2, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Thanks for your decision as to the troops. The riflemen and cavalry-say ten companies-can be well organized as a voltigeur regiment, but if there be five companies of each it is not well to organize artillery with infantry, as in the service of large armies they must soon be separated. Can furnish the three guns to complete the battery, and give more if you have other companies instructed as artillery battalion, armed with muskets, will be accepted to serve as infantry if you so wish it. Let the troops now offered proceed to Lynchburg, where they will receive further orders.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 2, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America:

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant, inclosing a copy of one of the 29th ultimo, has been received by the Government. He instructs me to inform you that he has appointed John R. Tucker, the attorney-general of the State, to act in conjunction with Major Gorgas in making the transfer of the State armory and machinery, and to make the necessary arrangements and agreements thereof. He will have full power to act for the Commonwealth and to sign all proper papers. He is ready to meet Major Gorgas at such time and place a she may suggest.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNGFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

RICHMOND, August 3,1 861.

To the PRESIDENT OF CONGRESS OF CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have reliable information that a considerable force of Missourians now co-operating with our troops near the northern frontier of Arkansas are destitute of the supplies necessary to their efficiency, and that the enemy have such power within the limits of the State as to deprive its Government of the capacity to give to said force the needful relief. Under the circumstances I recommend the enactment of a law appropriating, say, $1,000,000 to supply the Missourians who are or may be co-operating with us with such clothing, subsistence, arms, and ammunition as may be necessary for them, and which it may be practicable to furnish. The same to be supplied under such regulations as Congress may determine. *

JEFF'N DAVIS.

---------------

*For act passed in compliance with this recommendation, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 721.

---------------

