
AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to make further provisions for the public defense," approved eleventh May, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and to amend an act entitled "An act to increase the military establishment of the Confederate States," and to amend the "Act for the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate of America. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the third section of the act entitled "An act to make further provision for the public defense," approved eleventh May, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, be amended by striking out of said section the words, "detailed from the Regular Army; " and further, that the ninth section of the act entitled "An act to increase the military establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States of America," approved sixteenth May, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, be amended, by adding thereto the following application and recommendation of a major-general or brigadier-general, appoint from civil life persons to the staff of such officer, who shall have the same rank and pay as if appointed from the Army of the Confederate States. "

Approved August 3, 1861.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 114. Richmond, August 3, 1861.

* * * * * *

VI. Major Danville Leadbetter, Corps of Engineers, will immediately repair to this city and take charge of the Engineer Bureau.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Nashville, Tenn., August 4, 1861.

His Excellency B. MAGOFFIN,

Governor of Kentucky:

SIR: From the date of the proclamation of Your Excellency declaring the neutrality of Kentucky it has been the settle policy of the authorities of Tennessee to respect Kentucky as a neutral power, and to carefully avoid all acts that could be construed into a violation of any of her rights as such. This policy has been adhered to with perfect fidelity, and will be adhered to by Tennessee as long the people of Kentucky will act the part of neutrals and the Federal Government respect their neutrality.

But it is proper that I call the attention of Your Excellency to the fact that each day brings its accumulation of evidence forcing me to the conclusion that the Federal Government is organizing military companies, battalions, and regiments in the State of Kentucky for the avowed purpose of invading Tennessee, and transporting arms and munitions to some of her rebellious citizens, thus aiding and encouraging the rebellion.

