
It requires no argument to prove to Your Excellency that this is a gross and palpable violation of the principles of neutrality which Kentucky has declared she would maintain, and which I doubt not it is the purpose of Your Excellency to maintain fully and in good faith. I therefore call the attention of Your Excellency to the matter, feeling assured that Your Excellency will institute such investigations as will develop whatever action as is being taken within your State, and take such steps as will prevent any organization in Kentucky for the purpose of aiding or abetting the Federal Government in this wicked war that it wages for the purpose of crushing and subjugating the Southern States.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

AN ACT to authorize advances to be made in certain cases.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of War, wion of the President, be authorized during the existence of the present war to make advances upon any contract, not to exceed 33 1\3 per cent., for arms or munitions of war: Provided, That security be first taken, to be approved by the Secretary of War, for the performance of the contract, or for a proper accounting for the said money.

Approved August 5, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 5, 1861.

Mr. D. M. K. CAMPBELL,

Butler, Choctaw County, Ala.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 26th of July I am directed by the Secretary of War to state that every citizen who can wield a weapon is needed now for the defense of his invaded country. There can scarcely be a doubt that ample opportunities will be afforded, according both with policy and necessity, to retaliate in a legitimate and proper manner upon the despoilers of our people. Nevertheless, the officers and men of all military organizations formed within the limits of the Confederate States, if they would have the countenance and protection of the Government, must conform strictly to the laws and usages of civilized nations, which have been adopted by the Government for its guidance and control. They must be commissioned and paid by the Government and subject to its orders, in complete subordination to its authority. Without this recognition of the supremacy of the civil power of the state the Government would possess no right to interfere in your behalf if you were to fall into the hands of the enemy and be subject to all the cruelties inflicted upon alleged outlaws or pirates. The President would not be warranted in visiting such treatment upon the prisoners in his hands as a proper retaliation, unless, indeed, there should be a similar departure of the enemy form the usages of warfare practiced by civilized nations. It is true there is too much reason to apprehend the most barbarous conduct on the part of the Northern aggressors-conduct which may render it obligatory on our part to treat them with the utmost severity-and if this be the case you would have abundant opportunities

