
to participate in the captures, forfeitures, and confiscations which must inevitably follow in the train of such a conflict inaugurated by the enemy. Then why should you not organize a corps of just avengers, and be guided in all things by the wisdom and impartial adjudication of the Government? I would therefore suggest that your company be armed and tendered for the war in the usual way, not doubting that opportunities will be afforded for the exercise of the undaunted spirit of high-toned southern retribution which seems to have inspired your proposition.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

NEW ORLEANS, August 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have two regiments which will be ready in four days, one being for the war, the other for twelve months. The companies in process of formation, to constitute the next and last two regiments, will also be some for the war and some for twelve months. The war companies form very slowly. You will have to arm all of these last two regiments. I hope you will order your officers here to receive these companies as soon as they are formed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH CAROLINA, August 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received notice from General Gist that you desired the nomination of four quartermasters and commissaries, or two quartermasters and two commissaries. In conformity with that I sent on the names of Colonel C. H. Suber, Colonel J. S. Green, Sanders Glover, former assistant quartermaster under our State quartermaster-general, and Colonel M. A. Moore. You sent on a commission for Colonel Suber, and Colonel Green goes on to see as to the others. The camps of instruction for the 3,000 men are forming, and it is essential that some preparation shall be made immediately to it all. I suppose you do not intend to combine quartermaster and commissary in the same man. Can we have any prospect of receiving arms for these 3,000 men, and particularly for the artillery companies you have directed to be attached? I can find seven fine pieces, and will rifle them immediately if I could get horses, harness, and caissons. I have here twenty horses belonging to the State, and could let you have them if you desire them. By giving me authority I will equip as far as I can from the State with what we may have if you will authorize me to advance horses and let me know as to harness, caissons, &amp;c. I think I could then make a superior battalion of artillery, which is absolutely necessary. You wrote me to have them elect their field officers (the 3,000 men), as you appoint Colonel Gregg and his officers, and I have so ordered. This

