
makes many active in raising the men who otherwise would not be. Be so kind as to give Colonel Green your earliest attention, and let him have immediate instructions.

Very respectfully, truly,

F. W. PICKENS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America:

SIR: The Governor received last evening your letter dated the 1st instant and directs me to inform you that to carry out the views expressed in your letter he has appointed Colonel Charles Dimmock to co-operate which J. R. Tucker, esq., who are authorized to confer with Colonel A. T. Gledsoe and Major J. Gorgas, and by written agreement to secure a full and fair settlement of all questions which may arise in the proposed transfer of the use of the State armory, machinery, &amp;c., to the Government of the Confederate States.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 7, 1861.

SIR: The war existing between this Government and that at Washington will probably be prolonged during the coming winter, and in view of the rigor of the climate at that season on the line of the seat of war it is desired that our soldiers shall be well supplied with clothing. You are therefore requested to cause the quartermaster's department to have made up at an early day, to the extent to your ability, woolen clothing to supply the needs of the Army, to be charged to this Government. The necessity of this provision to meet the demands of the Army will be apparent to Your Excellency, and I am quite sure the measure proposed will receive your approbation and that you will respond to it with alacrity. I must, however, say that this Department is doing everything in its power to provide clothing, and I have gone so far, in the absence of positive affirmative legislation upon the subject, as to assume the responsibility of directing the Quartermaster-General of the Confederate States to contract for the supplies that may be required. But Your Excellency is doubtless aware of the difficulties in the way of procuring a full provision in consequence of the blockade of our ports preventing importations and the limited quantity of goods in the general market. Hence it is the State governments are earnestly solicited to co-operate with our exertions to place the future beyond all doubt.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

(Addressed severally to the Governors of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia.)

