
ATLANTA, August 7, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I can get no response from the Secretary of War to my letters or telegrams about the two new camps of instruction which he requires. I have recommended commissaries, quartermasters, and surgeons as he requested. All ready to order out the troops at once if officers are appointed to take charge of them. Will the appointments be made? When do you wish the 3,00 men ordered into camp? Please answer.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 7, 1861.

President DAVIS:

I have just seen two New Orleans chemists, to whom I gave facilities for examining the saltpeter caves on the White River. They have made the examination, and report to me that any amount may be had there; that the mines are badly worked, and that private enterprise cannot work them. They report that the Government is now paying 25 cents per pound for that which it can itself make for 10 cents, and that if this succeeds it must be done by Government, as powder, also in possession, is now the great want. I submit that these caves be taken possession of immediately and worked on Government account.

POLK.

Nashville, August 7, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

SIR: I have just received from our superintendent the following message, dated Jackson, Miss., August 7:

Would it not be well to telegraph to the Secretary of War that we are embarrassed for operators? I am so now, and if authorized at Richmond don't by persuasion or law I have fears for the public service [sic].

D. FLANNERY.

There are a very limited number of practical operators in the Confederacy, and firm the beginning they have shown strong proclivities to join the Army. All of the Northern sympathizers have left, and if those of Southern feeling are taken into the Army we shall have none to operate the lines. The Governors of Louisiana and Mississippi discharged a number who had volunteered, and they returned to service. I suppose the Governors have not authority now. General Pillow went further, anto specified service on the line. We respectfully ask the adoption of some policy that will secure the efficiency of our lines, now doing little else than public service.

N. GREEN,

President.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 7, 1861.

JOEL J. JONES, JACOB GILLESPIE, and DAVID F. ROBERTSON, Committee, Fayetteville, Tenn.:

GENTLEMEN: I have received and read with profound emotion your patriotic and timely letter of the 29th of July, relative to the subject

