
AN ACT further to provide for the public defense.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in order to provide additional forces to repel invasion, maintain the rightful possession of the Confederate States of America, and to secure the independence of the Confederate States, the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ the militia, military, and naval forces of the Confederate States of America, and to ask for and accept the services of any number of volunteers, not exceeding 400,000, who may offer their services, either as cavalry, mounted riflemen, artillery, or infantry, in such proportions of these several arms as he may deem expedient, to serve for a period of not less than twelve months, nor more than three years after they shall be mustered into service, unless sooner discharged.

SEC. 2. That whenever the militia or volunteers are called and received into the service of the Confederate States, under the provisions of this act, they shall be organized under the act of the sixth of March, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," with the same pay and allowances of said act, and the same time for the service of the militia.

SEC. 3. Nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to or in any wise to alter any act heretofore passed, authorizing the President to receive troops offered directly to the Confederate States for the war, or for any less time.

Approved August 8, 1861.

RICHMOND, VA., August 8, 1861.

Governor BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

You dispatched the President I do not answer your telegrams or letters. I have answered both.

L. P. WALKER.

[AUGUST 8, 1861. -For Walker to Polk, authorizing acceptance for the war of all infantry that are armed, or that can be armed, and such cavalry as may be required, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 383.]

ATLANTA, August 9, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Your letter I have not received; only got your telegram yesterday evening. It was dated, however, then, the 5th-the fault of the line, it seems, not your fault.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, August 9, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 17th instant and beg leave to say in reply that it will give me pleasure to aid in furthering the

