
object you have in view. You are aware that when the transfer was made by Virginia to the Confederate Government our organized quartermaster's department was absorbed, and since that time we have had no organization of this description in existence. To effect the object desired it will be indispensable for me to institute a new organization to be charged with the execution of this work. I desire, therefore, further information on several points. First. What sort of clothing you desire me to have prepared, whether coats, overcoats, vests, or pantaloons, or full suits embracing all necessary clothing for the soldier. Second. What description of material is on hand, and will it be furnished to our quartermaster to be made up, or is it expected that we are to furnish the material? It will be better, in my judgment, that we shall so divide the labor in preparing the clothing as not to have the two organizations in the market competing for the necessary cloths. If we both become purchasers, the inevitable result will be that the prices will be greatly enhanced

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 10, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your communication of this day directing me to report "what arrangements have been made with railroad companies for the transportation of troops and military freight, at what price, and how payment is made," I have the honor to state that, in accordance with the resolutions of the convention of railroad presidents at Montgomery, transportation for the Government over all the railroads in the Confederate States is performed at the following rates, viz, men at 2 cents per mile, munitions of war and other army supplies at half the local rates, and that payment is made the several railroad companies for this service in bonds of the Confederate States. The above rates have been adopted by the various railroad companies of the States that have since come into the Confederacy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

LONDON, August 11, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We have the honor to submit to you the following joint report: Prior to the receipt of Major Gorgas' letter of the 21st of June, addressed to Captain Huse, our movements were very greatly embarrassed. The agents of the enemy had the advantage of precedence in time and in having at their command large sums of money for immediate operations. We had the mortification of learning every day of new contracts entered into by them for arms and accouterments, of which contracts they are now receiving the fruits. We were powerless to stop them, although we not only knew the names of the contractors, but saw the cases of goods in some instances packed and ready for shipment with the outside upon them. All that we could do was

