
o'clock on that day I had the extreme gratification to witness its passage by a vote of 62 to 7, every member of the convention having been present. I have appended to this report a copy of the ordinance as adopted.

It is due to the minority to state that no voice in the convention was raised in favor of submission to Black Republican rule, and that their whole aim seemed to be to make the secession of Florida follow instead of preceding that of Alabama and Georgia. If there was a man in Florida, who, with these two States out of the Union, desired her to remain in it, his opinions certainly found no organ in the convention. The main facts herein stated in respect to the action of the State of Florida were immediately communicated to Your Excellency by telegraph, in order that they might at once be made known to the convention. It only remains to add that the warmth and cordiality with which I was greeted by the Governor, the convention of Florida, and the people whom they represented, as the commissioner of Alabama, afforded the most gratifying proof that the strong ties of a common cause, a common danger, and a common destiny were deeply felt and appreciated, and the best reasons for hoping that the two States, divided by but a single day in their exodus from a union of "irrepressible conflict," will soon be closely joined in that new union of brotherly love in which a homogeneous people, taking their destiny into their own hands, shall exhibit to the world the noblest phase of free government and the highest development of true civilization.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

E. C. BULLOCK.

ORDINANCE OF SECESSION.

We, the people of the State of Florida, in convention assembled, do solemnly ordain, publish, and declare, That the State of Florida hereby withdraws herself from the confederacy of States existing under the name of the United States of America and from the existing Government of the said States; and that all political connection between her and the Government of said States ought to be, and the same is hereby, totally annulled, and said Union of States dissolved; and the State of Florida is hereby declared a sovereign and independent nation; and that all ordinances heretofore adopted, in so far as they create or recognize said Union, are rescinded; and all laws or part of laws in force in this State, in so far as they recognize or assent to said Union, be, and they are hereby, repealed.

MILLEDGEVILLE, GA., January 16, 1861.

Hon. GEORGE W. CRAWFORD,

President of the Convention of the State of Georgia:

SIR: I have the honor herewith the transmit the certificate of my appointment as commissioner from the State of Alabama to the convention of the State of Georgia, and also a duly authenticated copy of the ordinance of secession* and accompanying resolutions adopted by the convention of Alabama on the 11th instant, together with a resolution of the convention concerning my instructions, in which I am particularly directed to request of the convention of the State of Georgia the consideration of and concurrence in the first resolution.

---------------

*See p. 43.

---------------

