
of a fast steamer, sending her over under his command. Such a one can be obtained for a reasonable price. We may not receive all invoices in season to send by first shipment, in which event they will be forwarded by the next opportunity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

EDWD. C. ANDERSON,

Major, Artillery.

CALEB HUE,

Captain, Artillery.

ARTICLES OF A CONVENTION entered into and concluded at the Wichita Agency, near the False Washita River, in the country leased from the Choctaws and Chickasaws, on the twelfth day of August, D. C. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, their commissioner with full powers, appointed by the President by virtue of an act of the Congress in that behalf, of the one part, and the Pen-e-tegh-ca band of the Ne-um or Comanches, and the tribes and bands of Wichitas, Cado-Ha-da-chos, Hue-cos, Ta-hua-ca-ros, A-na-dagh-cos, Ton-ca-wes, Ai-o-nais, Ki-chais, Shawnees, and Delawares residing in the said leased country, by their respective chiefs and headmen, who have signed these articles, of the other part.

ARTICLE I. The Pen-e-tegh-ca band of the Ne-um or Comanches, and the tribes and bands of the Wichitas, Cado-Ha-da-chos, Hue-cos, Ta-hua-ca-ros, A-na-dagh-cos, Ton-ca-wes, Ai-o-nais, Ki-chais, Shawnees, and Delawares now residing within the country north of Red River and south of the Canadian, and between the ninety-eighth and one hundredth parallels of west longitude, leased for them and other tribes from the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, do hereby place themselves under the laws and protection of the Confederate States of America in peace and war forever.

ART. II. The Confederate States of America do hereby promise and engage themselves to be during all time the friends and protectors of the Pen-e-tegh-ca band of the Ne-um, and of the Wichitas, Cado-Ha-da-chos, Hue-cos, Ta-hua-ca-ros, A-na-dagh-cos, Ton-ca-wes, Ai-o-nais, Ki-chais, Shawnees, and Delawares residing, or that may hereafter come to reside, in the said leased country; and that they will not allow them henceforward to be in any wise troubled or molested by any power or people, State or person whatever.

ART. III. The reserves at present occupied by the said several tribes and bands may continue to be occupied by them if they are satisfied therewith; and if any of them are not the tribe or tribes, band or bands dissatisfied, may select other reserves instead of those now occupied by them, in the same leased country, with the concurrence and assent by the agent of the Confederate States for the reserve Indians, at any time within two years form the day of the signing of these articles.

ART. IV. Each reserve shall be of sufficient extent of good arable and grazing land amply to supply the needs of the tribe or band tat is to occupy it; and each shall have a separate reserve, unless tow or more elect to settle and reside together and hold their reserves in common. The reserves shall, as far as practicable, be defined by natural boundaries that may be described, and so far as this is not practicable, by permanent monuments and definite courses and distances; and full and authentic descriptions of the reserves shall be made out and preserved by the Confederate States.

