
RATIFICATION.

Resolved (two-thirds of the Congress concurring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to the ratification of the Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, in behalf of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Pen-e-tegh-ca band of Ne-um or Comanches, and the tribes and bands of the Wichitas, Cado-Ha-da-chos, Hue-cos, Ta-hua-ca-ros, A-na-dagh-cos, Ton-ca-wes, Ai-o-nais, Ki-chais, Shawnees, and Delasaws, each by its chiefs and headmen, who signed the said articles, of the other part; concluded at the Wichita Agency, near the False August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one. And that the Congress also advises and consents to the ratification of the supple same time and place, by the said commissioner on behalf of the Confederate States with the Ta-wa-I-hash or Wichita band of Indians, with the amendments adopted, to wit:

First. Strike out all of Article XIX.

Second. Strike out all of Article XXIV.

ARTICLES OF A CONVENTION entered into and concluded at the Wichita Agency, near the False Washita River, in the country leased from the Choctaws and Chickasaws, on the twelfth day of August, A. D. one thousand Albert Pike, their commissioner with full powers, is appointed by the President by virtue of an act of the Congress in that behalf, of the one part, and the No-co-ni, m Ta-ne-weh, Co-cho-tih-ca, and Ya-pa-rih-ca bands of the Ne-um or Comanches of the Prairies and Staked Plain, by their chiefs and headmen, who have signed these articles, on the other part.

ARTICLE I. The No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Co-cho-tih-ca, and Ya-pa-rish-ca bands of the Ne-um, called by the white men the Comanches of the Prairies and the Staked Plain, k do hereby make peace with the Confederate States of America, and do renew and continue the peace heretofore existing between them and the Cherokee, Mus-ko-ki, Seminole, Choctaw, and Chickasaw Nations of red men, and do hereby take each and all of them by the hand of friendship, having smoked with them the pipe of peace, and received the wampum of peace; and do hereby place themselves under the laws and protection of the Confederate States of America, and agree to be true and loyal to them in peace and in war forever, and to hold them by the hand, and have but one heart with them always.

ART. II. The Confederate State of America do hereby promise and engage themselves to be, during all time, the friends and protectors of the Non-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um, and that they will not allow them to be molested by any power or people, State, or person whatever.

ART. III. The Non-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um hereby agree that they will abandon their wandering mode of life and come in from the Prairies and Staked Plain, and settle upon reserves to be allotted to them in that country which lies north of the Red River and south of the Canadian, and between the ninety-eighth and one hundredth parallels of west longitude, and

