
which has been leased for them and other tribes of red men by the Confederate States from the Choctaws and Chickasaws, and in which the Confederate States have offered all the Ne-um homes.

ART. IV. The No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-toh-ca bands of the Ne-um shall be allowed to choose their own homes in any unoccupied part of the said leased country on or near the Canadian or False Washita Rivers, or near the Wichita Mountains, as may best suit them, with the concurrence and assent of the agent of the Confederate States for the reserve Indians. Each reserve shall be of sufficient extent of arable and grazing lands amply to supply their needs; and the bands may have one reserve together or four separate reserves, as they may choose. The reserve or reserves shall, as far as practicable, be defined by the natural boundaries that may be described, and so far as this is not practicable, by permanent monuments and definite courses and distances; and full and authentic descriptions of the reserves shall be made out and reserved by the Confederate States.

ART. V. The said No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um shall have the right to possess, occupy, and use the reserve or reserves allotted to them as long as grass shall grow or water run; and the reserves shall be their own property, like their horses and cattle.

ART. VI. The members of the said No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um shall have the right during all time to hunt and kill game in all the unoccupied part of said leased country without let or molestation from any quarter.

ART. VII. There shall be perpetual peace and brotherhood between the Non-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-thi-can bands of the Ne-um, and between each of them and all the other tribes and bands of the Ne-um and of the Wichita, Cado-Ha-da-cho, Hue-co, A-na-dagh-co, Ki-chai, Ai-o-nai, Ta-hua-ca-ro, Ton-ca-we, Shawnee, and Delaware Indians occupying reserves in the said leased country, and any other bands of the Ne-um that may hereafter settle in said leased country; and every injury or act of hostility which either has heretofore sustained at the hands of the other shall be forgiven and forgotten forever.

ART. VIII. The said several tribes and bands of the Ne-um and the said other tribes and bands shall henceforth be good neighbors to each other, and there shall be free and friendly intercourse among them. And it is hereby agreed by the said four bands of the Ne-um that the horses, cattle, and other stock and property of every tribe or band and every person of each is his or its own, and that no one of said four tribes or bands, nor any person belonging to any one of them, shall or will hereafter kill, take away, or injure any such property of another tribe or band, or of any member of any other tribe or band, or in any other way do them any harm.

ART. IX. There shall be perpetual peace and brotherhood between each and all of the No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um and the Cherokee, Mus-ko-ki, Seminole, Choctaw, and Chickasaw Nations; and the chiefs and headmen of each of the said bands shall do all in their power to take and return any negroes, horses, or other property stolen from white men or from persons belonging to the Cherokee, Mus-ko-ki, Seminole, Choctaw, or Chickasaw Nations, and to catch and give up any person among them who may kill or steal or do any other very bad thing.

