
adopted by the convention of the State of Alabama, inviting the people of Georgia and of the other slave-holding States to meet the people of Alabama, by their delegates, in convention on the 4th day of February, 1861, at the city of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, for the purpose of consulting with each other as to the most effectual mode of securing concerted and harmonious action in whatever measures may be deemed most desirable for our common peace and security, it being the desired purpose of the people of Alabama to meet the slave-holding States who many approve such purpose in order to frame a provisional as well as a permanent government upon the principles of the Constitution of the United States.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., December 21, 1860.

Whereas, the election of Abraham Lincoln, a Black Republican, to the Presidency of the United States by a purely sectional vote and by a party whose leading and publicly avowed object is the destruction of the institution of slavery as it exists in the slave-holding States; and whereas, the success greatly endanger the peace, interests, security, and honor of the slave-holding States, and make it necessary that prompt and effective measures should be adopted to avoid the evils which must result from a Republican administration of the Federal Government, and as the interests and destiny of the slave-holding States are the same, they must naturally sympathize with each other, they therefore, so far as may be practicable, should consult and advise together as to what is best to be done to protect their mutual interests and honor:

Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises, I, Andrew B. Moore, Governor of the State of Alabama, by virtue of the general powers in me vested, do hereby constitute and appoint Hon. John Gill Shorter, a citizen of said State, a commissioner to the sovereign State of Georgia, to consult and advise with His Excellency Governor Joseph E. Brown, and the members of the convention to be assembled in said State, as to what is best to be done to protect the rights, interests, and honor of the slave-holding States, and to report the result of such consultation in time to enable me to communicate the same to the convention of the State of Alabama to be held on Monday, the 7th day of January next, if practicable.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed in the city of Montgomery this 21st day of December, A. D. 1860.

A. B. MOORE.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 14, 1861.

Hon. JOHN GILL SHORTER:

DEAR SIR: The following resolution was passed by the convention in session to-day:

Resolved by the people of Alabama in convention assembled, That the commissioners heretofore appointed by the Governor of this State to the several States

