
of the same, for and on behalf of the Ya-pa-rih-ca band; and Ma-a-we, chief of the Co-cho-tih-ca band of the Ne-um, with the undersigned headmen of the same, for and on behalf of the Co-cho-tih-ca band, do now hereunto respectively set their hands and affix their seals.

Done at the Wichita Agency aforesaid on the twelfth day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

[SEAL.]

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian Nations and Tribes West of Arkansas.

Qui-na-hi-wi, principal chief of the No-co-ni band; O-te, sub-chief of the No-co-nis; Ke-pa-he-wa, sub-chief of the No-co-nis; Cho-o-shi, retired chief of the No-co-nis; Po-ho-wi-ti-quas-so, principal chief of Ta-ne-I-weh band, by Qui-na-hi-wi, principal chief of the No-co-ni band; Ke-e-na-toh-pa, sub-chief of the Ta-ne-I-weh band; Te-hi-a-quah, chief of the Ya-pa-rih-ca band; Bis-te-Va. -na, principal chief of the Ya-pa-rih-ca band; Pe-hai-e-chi, chief of the Ya-pa-rih-ca band; Ma-a-we, principal chief of the Cho-co-thi-ca band; Cho-co-ra, chief of the Co-cho-tih-ca band; Te-co-wih-ap, chief of the Co-cho-tih-ca band.

Signed, sealed, and copies exchanged in presence of us.

Wm. Quesenbury, secretary to the commissioner; E. Rector, Superintendent of Indian Affairs for the Confederate States; M. Leeper, agent of the Wichita and affiliated bands of the Confederate States; Motey Kinnaird, principal chief of the Mus-ko-kis; John Jumper, principal chief of the Seminoles; Chilly McIntosh, Israel G. Vore, W. Warren Johnson, W. L. Pike, Jesse Chisholm, H. P. Jones, Charles B. Johnson, J. J. Strum, Wm. Shirley, Wm. H. Faulkner.

(To the Indian names are subjoined marks.)

RATIFICATION.

Resolved (two-thirds of the Congress concurring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, in behalf of the Confederate States, of and one part, and the No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Co-cho-tih-ca, and Ya-pa-rih-ca bands of the Ne-um or Comanches of the Prairies and Staked Plain, by their chiefs and headmen, who signed the same articles, of the other part, concluded at the Wichita Agency, near the False Washita River, in the country leased from the Choctaws, on the twelfth day of August, A. D. one thousand eighth hundred and sixty-one, with the following amendments, to wit:

First. In the last paragraph of Article XIII, where occur the words, "but this article creates no obligation to deliver up Mexicans who may be prisoners," strike out all after the word "up" and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "other prisoners than inhabitants of the Confederate States of Territories thereof. "

Second. Strike out all of Article XX.

Third. Strike out all of Article XXVII.

