
them the assurance conveyed in your instructions to me, that a liberal price would be paid for any amount of lead that was produced. "

Sulphur. -An order has been given to Doctor Ullmann, of Tallapposa, Ala., to furnished sulphur, which he undertook to make at the rate of from 1,000 to 2,000 pounds per day. His success has not yet been reported. Efforts will be made, under the stimulation of high prices, by various parties, to procure this ingredient from the iron pyrites, and will eventually be thus obtained quite as soon as required.

Saltpeter. -An order was given in May last to Messrs. Leonard &amp; Riddle, at Montgomery, for 60,000 pounds, and they at once entered on the labor of getting it out; with what success I have not yet learned. Mr. Leonard was the contractor on the Pensacola Railroad. An officer of the Department has been directed to visit these works and report upon them, as also those of Doctor Ullmann, for getting sulphur. An order was also given to Colonel Hindman, of Arkansas, to deliver 100,000 pounds at Memphis about the same time, but nothing has been heard from him. Mr. Richard Ross, of Tennessee, has taken an order for fifty tons, to be gotten from the caves of East Tennessee. In reference to the caves of East Tennessee and North Alabama, Mr. Sholer Smith, agent of the State of North County, write that they have their cave in full operation, and some 6,000 or 8,000 pounds of material on hand for sale, and await an offer. They are now open to contracts. A party in Fentress County is also ready to supply some three or four tons per months. William Worley, of Cave Spring, Carter County, needs but assurance of a contract to go to work in his section, which is rich in niter. Of the North Alabama caves none have proved profitable except those of S. D. Boren & Co., who are making 700 pounds per day on contract with the State of Tennessee. They offer us three tons per month at 35 cents per pound; post-office, Larkinsvile, Ala. The specimens sent by this firm are very pure. The prices paid by Tennessee range form 22 to 30 cents per pound. * * * An ample supply of niter (three or four tons per week) can be obtained in East Tennessee, but it is necessary that an agent should be sent there before the interest in this matter subsides to stir them up to the work. " Mr. Smith stated verbally that there were various parties at the caves he had visited who had taken out 8,000 to 10,000 pounds, and stood ready to sell it . I directed him a say to all said parties that the Bureau would pay for it, delivered at the nearest railroad station, on railroad receipts, at the rate of 25 cents per pound.

Third interrogatory.

Answer. No information in this Bureau.

Fourth and fifth interrogatories.

Answer. Answered in reply to second interrogatory.

Sixth interrogatory. Have any small-arms yet been manufactured by the for the Government at any public or private establishment within the Confederate States? If yea, state what arms have been so manufactured, in what quantities, and what establishments. If not, what has prevented or delayed such manufacture?

Answer. Very few arms have yet been manufactured for the Government either at private or public establishment for a very obvious reason-there has not yet been time to get up establishments for this purpose. A few--eight or ten per day for four or five weeks past-it is reported, have been made out of the gunbarrels saved from Harper's Ferry, at Wytheville, for the command of General Floyd. An order for 30,000 stand of arms has been given to Messrs. McElwain & Co., Holly Springs, Miss., the first delivery on which is to be made November 1, and thereafter at the rate of 2,000 per month. Mr. Le Mat, of Louisiana, has an order to deliver 5,000 of his revolvers. Mr. Ed. Want, of New Berne, N. C., has an order for the delivery of 5,000 pistols, to being in three months. Orders are out also for the manufacture of 4,000 swords and 3,000 saber-bayonets. Unlimited orders have also been given to parties to purchase arms in Mexico and in Cuba. None have yet been received by this Department. The armory at this place will probably be in working order in six or eight weeks. That at Fayetteville, where some new buildings must be erected, will not be ready under four months. The Department has received from this agents in Europe for the purchase arms positive information as to the purchase by them of arms, embracing muskets and rifles chiefly, to the amount of $300,000, and also assurances that they will be shipped through in safety. We therefore look forward with confidence to their early arrival.

