
relative to the plan of importation you propose which may be of use to this Department.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 12, 1861.

His Excellency Governor PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your letter of August 6, introducing Colonel Green, has been received, but did not reach this Department until the 10th. You are requested to have the guns to which you refer rifles as you proposed at the expense of this Government, and to provide further, also, such harness, caissons, and other equipments as can be procured in South Carolina. When the battery is in readiness the horses will be furnished by the Government, or those to which you refer will be purchased for this use if deemed suitable by the proper officers of the Government. The other topic in Your Excellency's letter will receive due attention.

Very respectfully,

L . P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

SPOTSWOOD HOUSE, Richmond, August 13, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave to submit for your consideration the following plan to assist in supplying the Army with blankets, shoes, &amp;c.: Let an agent proceed to Canada and purchase whatever can be found or obtained on orders to be filled at an early date. Said goods to be shipped to a Mexican port, say Matamoras, or some other; 1,000 teams in Texas can be put into service, and sent to bring such goods to our depots; said goods to be paid for either in cash or Confederate bonds, redeemable within sixty days after the blockade is raised, the parties to take cotton then at fair rates if they choose. If successful this plan can be executed with dispatch. It may save the Government several hundred thousand dollars. All the Texans known in this city of sound judgment and practical information indorse the plan as one deemed feasible. Other eminent civilians approve it. If left to private enterprise it may fail. If it should not succeed the Government shall not be subject to a dollar of loss. I greatly prefer the Government should have the entire benefit,y be made by any private operator. The plan is too promising of valuable results, in my judgment, to be permitted to fail for want of trial.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

C. K. MARSHALL.

[AUGUST 14, 1861. --For proclamation of Jefferson Davis in relation to alien enemies, see Series II, VOL. II, p. 1369.]

