
AN ACT to provide for the appointment of surgeons and assistant surgeons for hospitals.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint in the Provisional Army as many surgeons and assistant surgeons for the various hospitals of the Confederacy as may be necessary.

Approved Augusta 14, 1861.

LONDON, August 14, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received through Messrs. Fraser. Trenholm &amp; Co., of Liverpool, your letter of the 18th ultimo, containing the report of Captain H. L. Hanley, commanding expedition sent in search of the ship Windsor Forest, &c. The same shall be carefully considered. Since the date of my dispatch to you of the 11th instant, I am happy to inform you that arrangements are in progress for the purchase of a large number of Enfield rifles, which will very nearly exhaust the supply of money forwarded on the 1st of July. I have, however, recently received from His Excellency the Governor of Georgia an order on a house in Liverpool for $100,000, with a request that it may be expended in the purchase of arms for that State. This will enable me to take up many muskets that are at this time being offered, a large portion of which, I am inclined to believe, were ordered for the United States Government, but which, for the want of funds in hand, they are unable to obtain from the manufactures. Some of these guns now in our possession have their viewers' marks upon them, indicating that they had been inspected and accepted by their agents. Of course we subject them to the ordeal of our own standard of excellence. I have deemed it my duty to mention the fact of my having been requested to purchase arms for the State of Georgia, and in consenting to do so I have felt that Ihe sanction of the Department, when it is considered that every weapon sent to that State is strengthening the good cause of our common Confederacy, added to which is the advantage presented me of going continuously on with our purchases, without being compelled to stop for the arrival of additional means from Richmond. I would urge the prompt supply of money from home, that we may keep the advantage we now possess.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN. C. ANDERSON,

Major, Artillery.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 15, 1861.

Hon. W. PORCHER MILES,

Chairman of the Military Committee in the Congress:

SIR: The Congress have passed a law authorizing a large increase of the Army, in accordance with the report of the Military Committee, in the necessity for which this Department fully concurs. In view of the increase of force, it is highly desirable that the President should be authorized to appoint lieutenants in the Provisional Army, to be attached as supernumeraries to companies, battalions, and regiments.

