
be, and they are hereby, directed to present to the convention of said States the preamble, ordinance, and resolutions adopted by the people of the State of Alabama, in convention, on the 11th day of January, 1861, and to request their consideration of an concurrence in the first resolution.

With the above resolution is herewith transmitted to you, by order of the convention, a certified copy of the preamble, ordinance, and resolution referred to.

Respectfully,

WILLIAM M. BROOKS,

President of the Convention.

MONTGOMERY, January 16, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE:

SIR: By authority of Your Excellency's commission I proceeded to Nashville, Tenn., where, on the 9th instant, I addressed, by invitation, both branches of the Legislature of that State. I beg to report as the result of my mission that there is, in my opinion, no doubt that Tennessee will unite with the Gulf States in forming a Southern confederacy. The right or wrong of secession is not the question submitted for their determination. That may very well be permitted in that State. The Union is dissolved without their action, and the practical question for them to decide is, Shall they go with the North or with the South? And in deciding this question the result is obvious. There is a geographical necessity that Tennessee shall unite with the South. Her trade, like the waters of her beautiful rivers, flows southward, and being homogenous in opinion, in character, and in civilization, her natural sympathies are stimulated by her commercial necessities and make her drift quietly and surely into the union of the Southern States. I consider this result as absolutely certain. I cannot close this communication without acknowledging in behalf of my State the marked and cordial courtesy with which I was received by all parties in h sentiments of high consideration and regard, I am, very truly, your friend,

L. P. WALKER.

MILLEDGEVILLE, GA., January 16, 1861.

Hon. GEORGE W. CRAWFORD,

President of the Georgia State Convention:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you herewith my credentials as commissioner from the convention of the people of the State of South Carolina to the convention of the people of the State of Georgia. In execution of the trust confided to me I also inclose you a copy of the ordinance of secession passed by the convention on the 20th of December, 1860. * I am instructed by the convention of South Carolina to submit to the convention of Georgia "as the basis of a provisional government for such States as shall have withdrawn from their connection with the Government of the United States of America, the Federal Constitution, provided that the said provisional government and the tenures of all officers and appointments arising under it shall cease and determine in two years from the 1st day of July next, or when a permanent government shall have been organized. " I am

---------------

*See p. 1.

---------------

