
The reason for this may be found in the fact that the war has broken up the miliary schools of the Confederate States and thus thrown out of their professional pursuits a number of young men, whose services in the future are indispensable to the country. Many of them are advanced in their military studies and the most of them are good drill-masters and tacticians.

The Regular Army, even if its organization was not suspended, presents too limited a field of provision for them all, and without some such measure as that indicated the Government and country will lose the assistance of many who would make valuable officers.

The subject is respectfully submitted to the consideration and judgement of your committee.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[AUGUST 15, 1861. --For Walker to Moore, calling for six companies of Alabama troops for service at Fort Gaines, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 130.]

MOBILE, August 15, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Richmond:

DEAR SIR: I trust you will pardon the liberty I take in suggesting to you a mode of importing guns form Europe, which I must think is entirely practicable. For example, what is to prevent an English or French ship from clearing for Matamoras, in Mexico, and landing their cargo without any interference whatever from the U. S. vessels? And if they can be landed in Matamoras, certainly we can get them into this country. They could be shipped in the name of a Mexican merchant who could be induced to engage in the transaction, or they might be shipped as English property to a merchant in Matamoras, and to be paid for in part or in whole landed. I am at a loss to see any sort of difficulty in this mode of getting any quantity of arms needed.

Very respectfully,

H. G. HUMPHRIES.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Little Rock, Ark., August 15, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your communication of June 30, 1861, was duly received, and action taken thereon by proclamation to the people of Arkansas, dated August 8, 1861. His Excellency the Governor directs me to convey to you his views regarding the raising of the 3,000 men required by the President's requisition. The State of Arkansas has now in the field nearly if not quite 20,000 men, to wit: Two regiments in Virginia, one regiment of cavalry (Churchill's) with McCulloch, three regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, two companies of artillery transferred to Brigadier-General Hardee by agreement July 15, 1861. To which may be added thirteen companies under command of Colonel Hindman, most of the men of which, it is understood, were obtained from this State. There are three regiments of

