
infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and at least one company of artillery, recently commanded by Brigadier Gen. N. Bart. Pearce, of the State provisional army, now transferred to the Confederate service. In addition to all of these the regiments called into service by proclamation of the Governor, eight in number, have recently by agreement been transferred to the Confederate Government, together with a considerable force drawn to McCulloch by his invitation, the number of which is unknown to the Executive. Although His Excellency has every confidence in the firm and unwavering patriotism of the people of Arkansas, and in the strong Southern sentiment that prevails throughout the country, he nevertheless inclines to the opinion that it will prove difficult to obtain the 3,000 men for the war by the plan indicated by the War Department, and for several reasons: That the people of this State are generally averse to long or indefinite terms of service; that nearly if not quite one-third of the number of the voting population are already in the field; that no incentive is left to officers to exert themselves to raise companies, the appointment of field and staff officers being retained by the President, and that few men could now be induced to enlist for the war with the knowledge that they were to be retained in a camp of instruction while battles were being fought and won and honor and glory acquired by more fortunate individuals. His Excellency by no means intends to induce the impression that the number of men required may not be obtained, but desires merely to intimate that by the plan indicated much delay might be occasioned. He is of opinion that there are two judicious modes by which the object of the President may be readily attained--either by the recruiting system, or inducements offered to gentlemen and men of means on the country to raise companies, with the prospect of obtaining promotion to field and staff officers. He recommends that of obtaining promotion to field and staff officers. He recommends that one or other of these modes be adopted by the War Department.

In the event of the recruiting system being determined upon, he recommends that agents be sent not only to the two places to rendezvous named by himself, to wit, Clarksville and Batesville, btu to other accessible points in the State, to receive, muster into service subsist. The two companies of cavalry required by the President have already been received, fully armed and equipped, mustered into service, and ordered to report themselves to Brigadier-General Hardee. His Excellency directs me to assure the President that every effort will be exerted by himself at any and all times to render what assistance may be in his power to sustain the Confederate Government and Southern independence.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

EDMUND BURGEVIN,

Adjutant-General of Arkansas.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 15, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LEACHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Your letter of yesterday morning has just been received. The Secretary of War regrets to perceive that Your Excellency has misapprehended the purport of his letter, and hastens to correct the error.

36 R R--SERIES IV, VOL I

