
per cent., all bank drawn. Individual bills, 9 and 10 per cent. To buy for cash would save much more than the interest. To buy on time you would have to pay a commission for acceptance, banker's commissions, stamps, &amp;c.

G. B. LAMAR.

EDENTON, N. C., August 16, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Owing to the peculiar character of the sea-coast of North Carolina, with its numerous inlets, which cannot be effectually guarded by all the vessels in the world, particularly during the autumn and winter months, I think it would be no difficult task to get arms, &c., from Europe, provided the arms can be sent to one of the West India Islands and there met by small-class vessels sent from our waters to receive and continue the transportation. I am willing to render any aid, and without remuneration. I have it in my power to engage schooners of light draft that might, under skillful navigators, reach, I think, in safety one of the West India Islands, and return, bringing arms, &c. We have with us men that can be trusted, and who have been used to the coasting trade from their boyhood, and are thoroughly acquainted with all the West India Islands. I should have written earlier, but have been indisposed since my return home, and indeed am not now able to write as fully as I wish.

Very respectfully and obediently, yours,

THOMAS D. WARREN.

I have taken the liberty of inclosing and old map of North Carolina,* which I beg you will accept with my compliments. It is one of the best maps as to its topography that I know.

T. D. W.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 17, 1861.

Captain CALEB HUSE and

Major EDWARD C. ANDERSON,

C. S. Service, London:

GENTLEMEN: A remittance of $248,333. 33 will be transmitted to you, together with this letter, by John Fraser & Co., of Charleston, S. C. You will immediately invest this sum in the purchase of arms assigned to you for the important haste in my letter of July 22 exist with still greater force, notwithstanding three glorious victories have perched upon our banners. We want arms and must have them if they are to be had. I trust you will no longer confine yourselves to Great Britain and Belgium in your efforts, but that you will visit the different kingdoms in order to procure them. Our commissioners must not interfere with your shipment of arms. I say this in reply to Major Anderson's last letter. I again call your attention to the routes suggested in my letters of July 18 and 22, but at the same time

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

