
must leave to your presence and judgment t he mode of shipment and the route to be selected.

Replying upon your exertions to procure for us arms, and upon your dexterity in shipping them in safety to some secure port from whence they will reach us at no distant day,

I remain, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

P. S. -Other remittances will be made to you from time to time, and you need have no hesitation in making purchases for cash, as there is no difficulty in procuring money.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, Miss., August 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The thirty companies for the war which the President requested me to enlist and place in camps of instruction are now ready to go into camp and are impatient for orders to do so. I have forwarded the bonds of P. S. Catching and J. B. Chrisman, quartermaster and commissary for the camp at Brookhaven, and have ordered some three or four companies into camp there. No mustering officer has arrived there, and no provisions have been received. The companies there receive rations from the State. I have not received commissions for the quartermaster and commissary for the camp at Marion Station, and I have heard of on provision being made there for the fifteen companies ordered to rendezvous at that camp. Your attention to this matter at an early day will relieve me from some embarrassment in the premises and quiet the fears of some of the companies that they may not beg into the service after all the trouble and expense which they have incurred in getting up their companies.

Respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA, Augusta 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: The inclosed letter from Captain Huse was received to-day at the office of the superintendent of the University of Alabama. He being absent in Virginia, it devolves on the undesigned to copy it and transmit the original and the copy. The copy will be sent by the mail of to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. PRATT.

[Inclosure.]

PARIS, July 22, 1861.

Major J. GORGAS,

Corps of Artillery, C. S. Army:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that my means of communicating with the War Department since my arrival in Europe have

