
likewise instructed to "invite the seceding States to meet in convention at such time and place as may be agreed upon for the purpose of forming and putting in motion such provisional government, so that it shall be organized and go into effect at the earliest period previous to the 4th of March, 1861; and that the same convention shall then proceed forthwith to consider and propose a constitution and plan for a permanent government for such States, which proposed plan shall be referred back to the several State conventions for their adoption or rejection. " The convention further suggest that each of the seceding States 'send to the general convention as many deputies as are equal in number to the number of Senators and Representatives to which it was entitled in the Congress of the United States. " The convention of South Carolina have elected eight deputies to represent them in the general convention, but declined to indicate either time or place for its meeting. The State of Alabama having proposed the 4th of February as the time and the city of Montgomery as the place for the assembling of the general convention, I feel myself fully authorized to say that the time and place will be entirely acceptable to the convention of South Carolina. You will please lay before the convention this communication and its inclosures.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. ORR,

Commissioner from South Carolina.

[Inclosure.]

THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.

Whereas, James L. Orr has been duly elected by a vote of the convention of the people of South Carolina to act as a missioner to the convention of the people of the State of Georgia, and the said convention of the people of the Sate of South Carolina has ordered the Governor of said State to commission the said James L. Orr:

Now, therefore, I do hereby commission you, the said James L. Orr, to act as a commissioner from the State of South Carolina in convention assembled to the State of Georgia in conveno confer upon the subjects intrusted to your charge.

Witness His Excellency Francis W. Pickens, Governor and commander-in-chief of the said State, this 2d day of January, in the year of our Lord 1861, and the eighty-fifth year of the sovereignty and independence of the State of South Carolina.

F. W. PICKENS.

By the Governor:

JAMES A. DUFFUS,

Depute Secretary of State.

FRIDAY, January 18, 1861. *

* * * * *

Mr. Nisbet offered the following resolutions, which were taken up and read:

Resolved, That, in the opinion of this convention, it is the right and duty of Georgia to secede from the present Union and to co-operate with such of the other States as have or shall do the same, for the purpose of forming a Southern confederacy upon the basis of the Construction of the United States.

---------------

*From Journal of the Georgia Convention.

---------------

