
shall conspire or attempt to conspire with another to pass, utter, or publish or attempt to pass, utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited bond or coupon purporting to be a bond or coupon of the Confederate States, or any falsely altered bond or coupon of the Confederate States, knowing the same to be falsely forged or counterfeited or falsely altered-every such person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a term not less than five years nor more than ten years and be find in a sum not exceeding $5,000.

SEC. 23. If any person shall make or engrave, or cause or procure to be made or engraved, or shall have in his custody or possession any metallic plate engraved after the similitude of any plate from which any notes or bonds issued as aforesaid shall have been printed, with intent to use such plate, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes or bonds issued as aforesaid, or shall have in his custody or possession any blank note or notes, bond or bonds, engraved or printed after the similitude of any note of bond issued as aforesaid, with intent to use such blanks, or cause or suffer the same to be used in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes or bonds issued as aforesaid; or shall have in his custody or possession any paper adapted to the making of notes or bonds, and similar to be paper upon which any such notes or bonds shall have been issued, with intent to use such paper, or cause or suffer the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting any of the notes or bonds issued as aforesaid-every such person being thereof lawfully convicted by due course of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labor for a term not less than five nor more than ten years and fined in a sum not exceeding $5,000.

SEC. 24. If any State shall, on or before the first day of April next, pay in the Treasury notes of the Confederate States or in specie the taxes assessed against the citizens of such State, less 10 per cent. thereon, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to notify the same to the several tax collectors of such State, and thereupon their authority and duty under this act shall cease.

SEC. 25. If any person shall, at any time after one year from the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States, commit any of the acts described in the twenty-first section of this act, such person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a period of not less than five years nor more than ten years and be fined in a sum not exceeding $5,000.

Approved August 19, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 19, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY:

SIR: Your attention is respectfully asked to the following communication just received at this Department:

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 19, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am under the necessity of calling your attention to the present exigencies of the commissariat. From all parts of the country troops are thronging to

