
have arms, but most of them will have none, and it is out of my power to supply them.

I am, v, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

RICHMOND, VA., August 19, 1861.

Governor HENRY T. CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

General Gatlin, assigned to command in North Carolina, will be instructed to muster in the troops to be transferred. * Ten companies of infantry, cavalry, or artillery, if properly armed and equipped and organized as a regiment, will be accepted as such, with the officers authorized by the law of organization. Battalions of either arm, with similar restrictions, will be allowed field officers as fixed by law, and companies of either arm will in like manner be accepted with their proper officers. Staff officers are appointed by the Government of the Confederacy, and no other field officers can be received then those proper to the troops as organized when transferred. The laws herein referred to are those of the Confederate States. It is hopes that no necessity will exist for disbanding any troops who are prepared for duty in the field.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

AN ACT to aid the State of Missouri in repelling invasion by the Untied States, and to authorize the admission of said State as a member of the Confederate States of America, and for other purposes.

Whereas, the people of the State of Missouri have been prevented by the unconstitutional interference of the Government of the United States from expressing their will through their legally constituted authorities in regard to a union with the Confederate States of America, and are now engaged in repelling a lawless invasion of their territory by armed forces; and.

Whereas, it is the right and duty of the Confederate States to aid the people and government of the said State in resisting such invasion, and in securing the means and the opportunity of expressing their will upon all questions affecting their rights and liberties: Now, therefore,

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President of the Confederate States of America be, and he is hereby, authorized to co-operate through the military power of this Government with the authorities and the people of the State of Missouri in defending that State against a lawless invasion by the United States, and in maintaining the liberty and independence of her people, and that he be authorized and empowered, at his discretion, to receive and muster into the service of the Confederate States, in the State of Missouri, such troops of that State may volunteer to serve in the Army of the Confederate States, subject to the rules and regulations of said Army, and in accordance with the law of Congress; and said troops may be received into service by companies, battalions, or regiments, with their officers elected by the troops, and the officers so elected shall be commissioned by the President; and when mustered

---------------

*For correspondence between Gatlin and Clark in relation to organization of North Carolina troops, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II.

---------------

