
communicated by Dr. Thomas D. Warren, a wealthy and influential citizen of Edenton, N. C. Writing under date of August 16 he says:

Owing to the peculiar character of the sea-coast of North Carolina, with its numerous inlets, which cannot be effectually guarded, particularly during the autumn and winter months, I think it would be no difficult task to get arms, &amp;c., from Europe, provided the arms can be sent from our waters to receive and continue the transportation. I am willing to render any aid, and without remuneration. I have three steamers which, at any time that such an enterprise might demand could be commanded, and at any time I have it in my power to engage schooners of the West India Islands, and return, bringing arms, &c. We have with us men that can be trusted, and who have been used to the coasting trade from their boyhood, and are West India Islands.

Similarly, in a letter about the same date, H. G. Humphries, esq., of Mobile, Ala., offers the suggestion that if arms could be shipped on England bottoms with English clearances for Matamoras, in Mexico, consigned to Mexican agents there, they might then, with certainty and safety, be brought from Matamoras into our own country. These simultaneous suggestions will suffice to show you with what great interest our whole country is looking for the result of your important mission; and when you are informed that thousands of brave volunteers have been refused by this Department for want of arms, and other thousands are already in camp unable to move for want of them, while the enemy is daily augmenting his supplies, you will perceive that your success is every day becoming a question of greater and more pressing importance. The above suggestions are communicated for your consideration, not as instructions. The Department expects that you will in every case be guided by the best information within your reach as circumstances may arise, and that you will spare no expense and lose no time in at once pushing your enterprise to a speedy and successful conclusion.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 20, 1961.

H. G. HUMPHRIES, Esq.,

Mobile, Ala. ;

SIR: The Secretary of War acknowledges the receipt of your letter of August 15, and returns thanks for the patriotic suggestions therein communicated, which shall receive due consideration from this Department.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 20, 1861.

Dr. THOMAS D. WARREN,

Edenton, n. C.:

SIR: Your letter of August 16 has been received. Your patriotic suggestions with regard to the importation of arms, &c., are acknowledged and shall receive due consideration, while your own offer of

