
personal contribution to this enterprise is highly appreciated by this Department. The Secretary of War begs leave to express his thanks for yours present of a map, which, besides its topographical excellence, possesses also an historical value.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT making appropriation for the services of physicians to be employed in conjunction with the medical staff of the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the year ending the eighteenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the sum of fifty thousand dollars for the services ft physicians to be employed in conjunction with the medical staff of the Army.

Approved August 21, 1861.

AN ACT to provide for local defense and special service.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the service as he may deem expedient, to serve for such time as he may prescribe, for the defense of exposed places or localities, or such special service as he may deem expedient.

SEC. 2. And such forces shall be mustered into the service of the Confederate States, for the local defense or special service aforesaid, the muster-roll setting forth distinctly the services to be performed; and the said volunteers shall not be considered in actual service until thereunto specially ordered by the President. And they shall be entitled to pay or subsistence only for such time as they may be on duty under the orders of the President or by his direction.

SEC. 3. Such volunteer forces, when so accept and ordered into service, shall be organized in accordance with and subject to all the provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," approved March sixth, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one and may be attached to such divisions, brigades, regiments, or battalions as to President may direct, and when not organized into battalions or regiments before being mustered into service the President shall appoint the field officers of the battalions and regiments when organized as such by him,.

Approved August 21, 1861.

AN ACT to authorize the employment of cooks and nurses, other than enlisted men or volunteers, for the military service.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the better to provide for the sick and wounded the Secretary of War is authorized to direct the employment, when deemed necessary, of nurses and cooks, other than enlisted men or volunteers, the persons so employed being subject to military control, and in no case to receive pay above that allowed to enlisted men or volunteers.

