
SEC. 2. That there be appropriated for the pay of the nurses and cooks provided for in the above section $130,000.

Approved August 21, 1861.

AN ACT making appropriations for the public defense.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the year ending the eighteenth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-tow, the sum of $57,000,000 for the pay of officers and privates of the Army, volunteers, and militia in the public service of the Confederate States; for quartermaster's supplies of all kinds, transportation, and other necessary expenses; for the purchase of subsistence, stores and commissary property for the ordnance service in all its branches; for engineering, and for the surgical and medical service of the Army, in all supplies and necessary expenditures.

SEC. 2. That the above appropriation shall be distributed amongst the several objects of appropriation above specified in such proportions as shall be determined by the Secretary of War, with the approval of the President.

Approved August 21, 1861.

AN ACT making appropriation for military hospitals.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sum of $50,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the establishment and support of military hospitals during the current fiscal year ending February eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,

Approved August 21, 1861.

AN ACT supplement to "An act to put in operation the Government under the permanent Constitution of the Confederate State of America. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That where in any State of this Confederacy there shall be no regular session of the Legislature to be held prior to the eighteenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, it is hereby provided, in obedience to the seventh article of the permanent Constitution, that the election of Senators for the First Congress may be made at any special or extra session of the Legislature of such State prior to the said eighteenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

Approved August 21, 1861.

AN ACT to increase the Corps of Artillery, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be added to the Corps of Artillery, C. S. Army, one lieutenant-colonel and tow majors, with the pay and allowances authorized by existing laws for those grades, respectively.

SEC. 2. That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, in addition to the store-keepers authorized by the fifth section of the act of May sixteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, "for

