
the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States," as many military store-keepers of ordnance, with the pay and allowance of a captain of infantry, as the safe-keeping of the public property may require, not to exceed in all four store-keepers, who shall, previous to entering on duty, give bonds with good and sufficient security, in such sums as the Secretary of War may direct, fully to account for all moneys and public property which they may receive.

SEC. 3. That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized, whenever in his judgment the interests of the service may require, and where officers of the Army cannot be assigned to these duties, to appoint one or more superintendents of armories for the fabrication of small-arms, whose salary shall not exceed $2,500 per annum, with allowance for quarters and fuel at the rate fixed for a major in the Army. And that the President be also authorized to appoint two or more master armorers, with a salary not to exceed $1,500 per annum, with allowance of quarters and fuel at the rate fixed for a captain in the Army.

SEC. 4. That during the existing war the President may, as commander-in-chief of the forces, appoint, at his discretion, for his personal staff, two aides-de-camp, with the rank, pay, and allowances of a colonel of cavalry.

SEC. 5. That hereafter there shall be allowed one additional sergeant to each company in the service of the Confederate States, making in all five sergeants per company, who shall receive the same pay and allowance as are provided by existing laws for that grade.

Approved August 21, 1861.

A RESOLUTION in relation to the equipments of volunteer cavalry companies.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion, to furnish to volunteer cavalry companies whose services are accepted for the war by the Confederate States all necessary equipments.

Approved August 21, 1861.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 130. Richmond, August 21, 1861.

* * * *

XI. Major Danville Leadbetter, Corps of Engineers, having been assigned to duty as acting chief of the Engineer Bureau, all orders and instructions conveyed through him will be official.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 21, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Have you not cavalry pistols and sabers which you can place at the disposal of the Government?

L. P. WALKER.

