
having these regiments equipped at the charge of this Government. The quartermasters and commissaries nominated by you have been appointed. They will procure the supplies needed, and make requisitions upon the Quartermaster-General and Commissary-General, on which proper funds will be remitted.

With high consideration,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 28, 1861.

Adjutant-General of Arkansas, Little Rock:

SIR: Your official letter of August 15 has been received. The information communicated to the Department on behalf of the Governor is respectfully acknowledged, and is in itself both satisfactory to the Department and highly honorable to the State of Arkansas. The Department is assured anew thereby of the fidelity of her Executive and the patriotism of her people. The suggestions contained in your report with regard to modifications in the mode of raising troops in Arkansas, under the call of 30th of June, have been respectfully considered; but as they would, if adopted, involve a departure from the whole policy of the Government, which was adopted upon mature consideration and has been applied equally to all the States of the Confederacy, they must be respectfully declined.

On two points, however, here involved, His Excellency the Governor and yourself seem to be laboring under a misunderstanding which it is important to correct. The provision of the call of 30th of June referred to, that the field officers of the troops so raised should be appointed by the President, has been subsequently modified, by a dispatch which His Excellency can hardly have failed to receive, so as to apply only to troops accepted by companies, to be afterward organized into regiments, &amp;c., while to troops offered and accepted by regiments, the right of electing their own field officers still belongs, as a matter of course. Even where the field officers are appointed by the President the particular interests of the State in question and take known wishes of the body of the troops, though not necessarily followed in every case, would certainly not be disregarded by him where the parties were qualified. The objection, therefore, that the plan of the Government removes all motive for personal exertion and sacrifice in raising troops, &c., is, it is hoped, entirely obviated; and the fact that under the plan adopted by the Government the troops are to be raisedhom no commissions have yet been promised, and whose positions are yet to be won, instead of by already commissioned recruiting officers, as His Excellency proposes, would, it is thought, certainly stimulate rather than impair such individual exertions.

In the second place, the provision for ordering the new troops into camps of instruction is designed to apply, beyond the actual need of immediate instruction, only to unarmed troops, who yet then receive all the privileges of troops in actual service, and this condition is intended to be prolonged only until their Government shall be able to furnish the necessary arms. The delay thus arising it is hoped may not now long protracted, but the Department would certainly be

