
glad to adopt any suggestions whereby such delay might be still further shortened or its necessity entirely obviated. Troops already armed, however, are still received for twelve months, but those unarmed are not, for the reason that the Government cannot undertake to arm such troops while so many for the war are still awaiting arms.

Trusting that His Excellency the Governor and yourself may see the reasonableness of these views,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[AUGUST 29, 1861. -For Walker to Pickens, ordering the First Regiment South Carolina Rifles to proceed to Richmond, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 259.]

AN ACT making appropriation for the purchase of a steamer and certain military supplies.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sum of $1,000,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the purchase of a steamer, and such supplies of leather, shoes, flannel and woolen clothing, and blankets for the use of the troops in the service of the Confederate States-the said appropriation to be expended under the direction of the President.

Approved August 30, 1861.

AN ACT to amend the second section of "An act concerning the transportation of soldiers and allowance for clothing of volunteers, and amendatory of the 'Act for the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States. '"

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to provide, as far as possible, clothing for the entire forces of the Confederate States, and to furnish the same to every regiment or company upon the requisition of the commander thereof, the quantity, quality, and kind thereof to be established by regulation on the Department, to be approved by the President; and in case any State shall furnish to its troops and volunteers in the Confederate service such clothing, then the Secretary of War is required to pay over to the Governor of such State the money value of the clothing so furnished.

SEC. 2. The commander of every volunteer company shall have the privilege of receiving commutation for clothing at the rate of $25 per man for every six months, when they shall have furnished their own clothing.

Approved August 30, 1861.

