
AN ACT to authorize the establishment of recruiting stations for volunteers from the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and Delaware.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to establish recruiting stations within the Confederate States for the reception of volunteers into the military service of the Confederate States from among persons who are, or have been, residents of the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and Delaware.

SEC. 2. That the President be authorized to grant commissions as captains to such persons as he may think fit to raise and command companies to be composed of such volunteers; upon the condition, however, that such officers shall not hold rank or receive pampanies have been raised and are mustered into service.

SEC. 3. Wherever such recruits shall amount to a sufficient number to be formed into companies, the President may direct the same to be so organized, appointing all commissioned officers of the several companies in addition to the captains provided for in the preceding section. And such companies may be organized into regiments in like manner under the direction of the President.

SEC. 4. Until such recruits shall amount to a sufficient number to be organized into companies, they shall receive no compensation except their clothing and rations.

Approved August 30, 1861.

AN ACT to audit the accounts of the respective States against the Confederacy.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That it shall be the duty of such Auditor or Auditors of the Treasury Department as may be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and to that end the said Secretary be authorized to appoint as many extra clerks for the time as he may deem necessary, at the rate of salary now allowed for clerks of the Treasury Department, to audit the accounts and claims of the respective States of the Confederacy against the Confederate Government for the advances and expenditures made by the said States respectively for the use and benefit of the Confederacy in preparation for or in conducting the war now existing against the United States, and all claims for advances or expenditures of any kind made by any State prior to the passage of its ordinance of secession shall be shown to have been made in contemplation of the act of secession afterward consummated, and of the war that might probably ensue, or in the seizure or acquisition of forts, arsenals, navy-yards, armaments, munitions, and other useful instrumentalities of war, or in the purchase or manufacture of arms or munitions which have since been transferred to the Confederacy, or in some regular mode been brought into its service for the prosecution of the war aforesaid, before such claims shall be audited and the amount ascertained.

SEC. 2. And in auditing the claims of the States of Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee, reference shall be had to the special compacts and engagements had with those States respectively by the Confederate Government in view of their proposed adhesion to the Provisional Constitution, or of the support of their armaments and the prosecution of the war afterward, and all claims coming fairly within the purview of such compacts, being properly verified by vouchers, shall, in favor of said States, be audited and ascertained.

