
by this act were, or are, within some State of this Confederacy, which has become such since said twenty-first day of May, them this act shall operate upon and as to such estate, property, or rights, and all persons claiming the same from and after the day such State so became a member of this Confederacy, and not before: Provided further, That the provisions of the act shall not extend to the stocks or other public securities of the Confederate Government, or of any of the States of this Confederacy held or owned by any alien enemy, or to any debt, obligation, or sum due from the Confederate Government, or any of the States, to such alien enemy: And provided also, That the provisions of this act shall not embrace the property of citizens or residents of either of the States of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, or Missouri, or of the District of Columbia, or the Territories of New Mexico, Arizona, or the Indian Territory south of Kansas, except such of said citizens or residents as shall commit acetal hostilities against the Confederate States, or aid and abet the United States in the existing war against the Confederate States.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That it is, and shall be, the duty of each and every citizen of these Confederate States speedily to give information to the officers charged with the execution of this law of any and every lands, tenements and hereditaments, goods and chattels, rights and credits within this Confederacy, and of every right and interest therein held, owned, possessed, or enjoyed by or for any alien enemy as aforesaid.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of every attorney, agent, former partner, trustee, or other person holding or controlling any such lands, tenements or hereditaments, goods or chattels, rights or credits, or any interest therein of or for any such alien enemy, speedily to inform the receiver, hereinafter provided to be appointed, of the same and to render an account thereof, and so far as is practicable to place the same in the hands of such receiver; whereupon such persons shaitted of all responsibility for property and effects so reported and turned over. And any such person willfully failing to give such information and render such account shall be fined in a sum not exceeding $5,000 and imprisoned not longer than six months, said fine and imprisonment to be determined by the court trying the case, and shall further be liable to be sued by said Confederate States and subjected to pay double the value of the estate, property, or effects of the alien enemy held by him or subject to his control.

SEC. 4. It shall be the duty of the several judges of this Confederacy to give this act specially in charge to the grand juries of these Confederate States, and it shall be their duty at each sitting well and truly to inquire and report all lands, tenements and hereditaments, goods and chattels, rights and credits, and every interest therein within the jurisdiction of said grand jury held by or for any alien enemy, and it shall be the duty of the several receivers, appointed under this act, to take a copy of such report and to proceed in obtaining the possession and control of all such property and effects reported and to institute proceedings for the sequestration thereof in the manner hereinafter provided.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That each judge of this Confederacy shall as early as practicable appoint a receiver for each section of the State for which he holds a court, and shall require him before entering upon the duties of his office to give a bond in such penalty as may be

