
condemn the property or effects or debts, according to the answer, and to make such rules and orders for the bringing in of third p or disclosed by the answer to have an interest in the litigation as to it shall seem proper; but in no case shall any one be heard in respect thereto until he shall by sworn plea set forth substantially the matters before required of parties pleading. And the decree or judgment of the court rendered in conformity to this act shall forever protect the garnishee in respect to the matter involved. And in all cases of garnishment under this act the receiver may test the truth of the garnishee's answer by filling a statement, under oath, that he believes the answer to be untrue, specifying the particulars in which he believers the garnishee has, by omission or commission, not answered truly, whereupon the court shall cause an issue to be made between the receiver may propound interrogatories to the adverse party touching any matter involved in the litigation, a copy of which shall be served on the opposite party or his attorney, and which shall be answered under oath within thirty days of such service; and upon failure so to answer the court shall make such disposition of the cause as shall to it seem most promotive of justice, or should it deem answers to the interrogatories necessary in order to secure a discovery, the court shall imprison the party in default until full answers shall be made.

SEC. 9. It shall be the duty of the district attorney of the Confederate States diligently to prosecute all cause instituted under this act, and he shall receive as a compensation therefor 2 per cent. upon and from the fruits of all litigation instituted under this act: Provided, That no matter shall be called litigated except a defendant be admitted by the court and a proper plea be filed.

SEC. 10. Be it further enacted, That each receiver appointed under this act shall, at least every six months, and as much oftener as he may and state just and perfect accounts and settlements under oath of his collections of moneys and disbursements under this law, stating accounts anents of all matters separately, in the same way as if he were administrator of several estates of deceased persons by separate appointments. And the settlements and decrees shall be for each case or estate separately, so that the transaction in respect to each alien enemy's property may be kept recorded and preserved separately. No settlement as above provided shall, however; be made until judgment or decree of sequestration shall have passed; but the court may at any time pending litigation require an account of matters in litigation and in the possession of the receiver, and may make such orders touching the same as shall protect the interest of the parties concerned.

SEC. 11. When the accounts of any receiver shall be filed respecting any matter which has passed sequestration, the court shall appoint a day for settlement, and notice thereof shall be published consecutively for four weeks in some newspaper near the place of holding the court, and the clerk of the court shall send a copy of such newspaper to the district attorney of the Confederate States for the court where the matter is to be heard, and it shall be the duty of said district attorney to attend the settlement and represent the Government and to see that a full, true and just settlement is made. The several set-

