
allowed by law for similar services in other cases, to be paid, however, only from the sequestered fund: Provided, That all sums realized by any receiver in one year for his services exceeding *5,000 shall be paid into the Confederate Treasury for the use of the Confederacy.

SEC. 16. Be it further enacted, That the Attorney-General shall prescribe such uniform rules of proceeding under this law, not herein otherwise provided for, as shall meet the the necessities of the case.

SEC. 17. Be it further enacted, That appeals may lie from any final decision of the court under this law, in the same manner and within the same time as is now or hereafter may be by law prescribed for appeals in other civil cases.

SEC. 18. Be it further enacted, That the word "person" in this law includes all private corporations, and in all cases when corporations become parties and this law requires an oath to be made it shall be made by officer of such corporation.

SEC. 19. Be it further enacted, That the courts are vested with jurisdiction and required by this act settle all partnerships heretofore existing between a citizen and one who is an alien enemy; to separate the interest of the alien enemy, and to sequestrate it; and shall also sever all joint rights when an alien enemy.

SEC. 20. Be it further enacted, That in all cases of administration of any matter or thing under this act, the court having jurisdiction may make such orders touching the preservation of the property or effects under the direction or control of the receiver, not inconsistent with the foregoing provisions, as to it shall seem proper. And the receiver may at any time ask and have the instructions of the court, or judge, respecting his conduct in the disposition or management of any property or effects under his control.

SEC. 21. That the Treasury notes of this Confederacy shall be receivable in payment of all purchases of property or effects sold under this act.

SEC. 22. Be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall be construed to destroy or impair the lien or other rights of any creditor, a citizen or resident of either of the Confederate States, or of any other person, a citizen or resident of any country, State, or Territory with which this Confederacy is in friendship, and which person i hostility to this Confederacy . And any lien or debt claimed against any alien enemy, within the meaning of this act, shall be propounded and filed in the court in which the institution of such proceedings for sequestration; and the court shall cause all proper parties to be made and notices to be given, and shall hear and determine the respective rights of all parties concerned: Provided, however, That no sales or payments over of money shall be delayed for or by reason of such rights or proceedings; but any money realized by the receiver, whether paid into the court of Treasury, or still in the receiver's hands, shall stand in lieu of that which produced said money, and be held to answer the demands of the creditors aforesaid, in the same manner as that which produced such money was. And all claims not propounded and filed as aforesaid, within twelve months as aforesaid, shall cease to exist against the estate, property, or effects sequestrated, or the proceeds thereof.

Approved August 30, 1861.

