
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 30, 1861.

JOHN FRASER &amp; Co.,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENTLEMEN: I have made an additional requisition in your favor for $248,333. 33, which you will please remit without delay through the usual channel to Major E. C. Anderson and Captain Caleb Huse, the agents of this Government at London, accompanied by the inclosed letter.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 30, 1861.

Major EDWARD C. ANDERSON and

Captain CALEB HUSE,

London:

GENTLEMEN: On the 17th day of August a remittance through the usual channel was made to you by this Department in the sum of $248,333. 33, for the purposes of your mission. Since then a letter from Captain Huse, dated Paris, July 22, 1861, addressed to Major Gorgas has been received, and I now remit to you an additional sum of $248,333. 33, so that your operations may be enlarged and prosecuted with vigor. This Department wishes you to consider your original instructions as no longer binding in their strict sense, but empowers you to construe them liberally in the line of the objects to be attained. To meet the large forces our enemy is endeavoring to hurl against us we must have additional arms before supplies can be obtained from our own factories, just going into operation. If you cannot do better, you had better procure and forward without delay the flint muskets mentioned by Captain Huse, with flints and ammunition for the same. Operate with a free and sure hand to meet our pressing needs, and ship safely, and consider your credit extended to the full of this demand. It is useless to say more, this Department having already explained to you its existing necessities and placing implicit confidence in your fidelity and zeal.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT tappointment from civil life of persons to the staffs of generals.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President may, in his discretion, upon the application and recommendation of a general of the Confederate States Army, appoint from civil life persons to the staff authorized by law of such officer, who shall have the same rank and pay as if appointed from the Army of the Confederate States.

Approved August 31, 1861.

AN ACT providing for the appointment of adjutants of regiments and legions, of the grade of subaltern, in addition to the subalterns attached to companies.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the adjutants of regiments and legions may be appointed by the

