
RESOLUTIONS to provide troops in the field with bread and fresh provisions.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to furnish to such of our troops in the field as desire it, upon requisition made and whenever practicable, in lieu of the usual ration of flour, an equivalent of well-baked bread; to this end he is authorized to establish bakeries, in such numbers and at such points as may be necessary, or to make contracts for the supply of such bread.

Resolved, That a daily ration of fresh vegetables be furnish[ed] to all troops whenever the same can be provided at reasonable cost and charges to the Government.

Approved August 31, 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 31, 1861.

HENRY HOTZE, Esq.,

Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized by this Department to proceed to Europe and place yourself in communication with our agents in Great Britain and France, sent to purchase arms and munitions of war. You will bear with you the dispatches with which you are charged, and impress upon our agents the absolute necessity existing for an immediate supply of arms and munitions of war. The best that are to be had must be procured and transmitted by the routes deemed the least hazardous and most expeditious within the scope of probable safety. We have thousands of good and true men prepared for the field and maintain there with ease 500,000 men were arms and munitions sufficiently abundant. The battles fought have demonstrated the vast superiority of our soldiers and generals, and leave no room to doubt that with equal arms the North can be conquered easier than the South can be subjugated. Our armies could now be hovering over the Susquehanna as readily as they are resting on the Potomac were it not for the necessity of husbanding our resources in respect to arms and ammunition whilst awaiting the expected supplies from Europe. If the enemy have purchased flint muskets, we can afford to meet them with similar weapons. It is true the improved gun is always to be preferred, but the flint-lock musket with sound and true bands is far better then empty hands. The instructions originally given to our agents, it will be seen, have been much enlarged, while heavy remittances have been made to them from time to time for the purpose of accelerating the accomplishment of the objects of their mission.

Requisition in the sums of $50,500, $24,888. 89, #333,333. 33, $24,333. 33, and $250,000, amounting in all to $907,055. 54, have been drawn in their favor and transmitted through Samuel Smith, of New Orleans, and John Fraser &amp; Co. and Cheeseborough, of Charleston. It is hoped that these several remittances reached their intended destination, but up to the present time this Department has received no certain information as to the fact, and it is earnestly desired that you will lose no time in placing yourself en route, selecting the line of passage you judgment most approves. And may God speed you

