
and crown you with success, thus assuring victory to our standard and independence to our people.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Atlanta, Ga., August 31, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

SIR: Your letter, dated the 7th instant, addressed to Governor Brown, at Milledgeville, was received here some days ago, and while the Governor was absent on public business. His Excellency now directs me to state that, while doubtful of his ability to procure any large quantity of the clothing needed for the soldiers during the coming winter, he will nevertheless do all in his power to carry out the views of your Department relative thereto, and will at once give the directions to the quartermaster-general's department of this State suggested in your letter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. WATERS,

Secretary Executive Department.

[SEPTEMBER 1, 1861. -For Pickens to Walker, reporting number of troops organized in South Carolina, their disposition, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 268.]

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, through accident a bill to authorize the President to continue the appointments made by him in the military and naval service during the recess of Congress or the present session, and to submit them to Congress at its next session, failed to be delivered to the President for his signature prior to the adjournment of Congress; and

Whereas, the failure of said bill to become a law would cause serious inconvenience to the public service:

Now, therefore, I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States, do issue this my proclamation, convoking the Congress of the Confederate States for the transaction of business, at the Capital, in the city of Richmond, on the 3d day of September, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, of which all who shall at that time be entitled to act as members of that body are hereby required to take notice.

Given under may hand and the seal of the Confederate States, at Richmond, this 2d day of September, A. D. 1861.

[SEAL.]

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

By the President:

R. M. T. HUNTER,

Secretary of State.

[SEPTEMBER 2, 1861. -For Pickens to Walker, in relation to organization of troops in South Carolina, see Series I, VOL. pp. 271, 272.]

