
AN ACT to authorize the President to continue the appointments made by him in the military and naval service during the recesses of Congress, or the last or present session, and to submit them to Congress at its next session.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be authorized to continue the appointments made by him in the military and naval service during the recesses of Congress, or during the last or present session, and to submit them to Congress at the commencement of its next session.

Approved September 3, 1861.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Montgomery, Ala., September 3, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Some days since the resignations of the commissioned officers of the "Montgomery True Blues" Company--, Third Regiment of Alabama Volunteers, were forwarded me through Colonel Lomax, commanding the regiment, and by his recommendation were accepted by me, and orders given to supply the vacancies by election. Under the rule which has prevailed the commissions of officers of any military organization received into the Confederate service under the act of 6th March last "to provide for the public defense" are issued under, and the vacancies filled by, the State authority; and presuming that the same authority which granted the commission and supplied the vacancy should accept the resignation, I acted in conformity with that view. I have been informed, however, that the rule of the Department is that in such cases the resignation of the commission derived from the State must be tendered to, and acted upon, by the Confederate authority, and if accepted by that Government it then devolves upon the State to supply the vacancy.

The object of the present communication is to obtain information as to the rule of your Department upon this question. If it devolves upon the one government to accept the resignation s and the other to fill the vacancies of course it will be necessary that the State authority should be officially notified of the vacancy in each case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 4, 1861.

Hons. W. PORCHER MILES, J. D. C. ATKINS,

W. B. PRESTON, T. N. WAUL, and A. W. VENABLE,

Committee of Congress:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the resolution of Congress whereby you were appointed a committee "to inquire into the organization and administration of the Medical, Commissary, and Quartermaster's Departments, with power to continue said inquiry during the recess, and to report at the next session of Congress what changes in the laws and regulations relating thereto are necessary and proper. " The Department cheerfully cojects of your committee, and will be happy to afford

