
convention to a direct vote on the first of the original resolutions of Mr. Nisbet. Whereupon the yeas and nays were demanded, which, being called, resulted as follows (the president voting in the affirmative): Yeas 166, nays 130.

* * * * *

So the resolution was adopted.

* * * * *

The following message, having been received from His Excellency the Governor, through Mr. Waters, his secretary, was taken up and read:

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, January 18, 1861.

TO THE CONVENTION:

* * * * *

Though not strictly in response to the call made upon me, I take the liberty to lay before the convention an original letter from the Governor of the state of New York, accompanied be certain joint resolutions, passed by the Legislature of that State on the 11th day of this month, which were received at this department by the mail of yesterday.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

The following is a copy of the communication referred to by His Excellency Governor Brown, and also of the resolutions:

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, January 11, 1861.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of the State of Georgia, Milledgeville:

SIR: In obedience to the request of the Legislature of this State, I transmit herewith a copy of the concurrent resolutions of that body, adopted this day, tendering the aid of the State to the President of the United States, to enable him to enforce the laws and to uphold the authority of the Federal Government.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

EDWIN D. MORGAN.

[Inclosure.]

Concurrent resolutions tendering aid to the President of the United States in support of the Constitution and the Union.

STATE OF NEW YORK, IN ASSEMBLY,

January 11, 1861.

Whereas, treason, as defined by the Constitution of the United States, exists in one or more of the States of this confederacy; and whereas, the insurgent State of South Carolina, after seizing the post-office, custom-house, moneys, and fortifications of the Federal Government, has, be firing into a vessel ordered by the Government to convey troops and provisions to Fort Sumter, virtually declared war; and whereas, the forts and property of the United States Government in Georgia, Alabama, and Louisiana have been unlawfully seized, with hostile intentions; and whereas, further, Senators in Congress avow and maintain their treasonable acts: Therefore,

Resolved (if the Senate concur), That the Legislature of New York, profoundly impressed with the value of the Union and determined to preserve it unimpaired, hail with joy the recent firm, dignified, and patriotic special message of the President of the United States, and that we tender to him, through the Chief Magistrate of our own State, whatever aid in men and money he may require to enable him to enforce the laws and uphold the authority of the Federal Government; and that in defense of the "more perfect Union," which has conferred prosperity and happiness upon the American people, renewing the pledge given and redeemed by our fathers, we are ready to devote "our fortunes, our lives, and our sacred honor" in upholding the Union and the Constitution.

Resolved (if the Senate concur), That the Union-loving representatives and citizens of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennessee, who labor with devoted courage and patriotism to withhold their States from the vortex of secession, are entitled to the gratitude and admiration of the whole people.

