
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, September 6, 1861.

Hon. E. LOUIS LOWE,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith appointments of captains for the several officers named in your communication of the 3d instant, and for the object contemplated by the act of 30th of August, to authorize the establishment of recruiting stations for volunteers from the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and Delaware. In so far as relates to the State of Maryland, as the act does not authorize the appointment of the grade of lieutenants in advance of the organization of companies yet to be raised, the appointment of the officers of that grade as recommended by you cannot now be made, but this case will receive due consideration at the proper time. Two points have been suggested for assembling the recruits after they shall pass beyond the State of Maryland, viz, one at or near Fredericksburg, for such as may cross the Potomac at or near Mathias Point, and the other at Winchester, for those who may approach by the Upper Potomac. The commanding officers at these points will be instructed to make suitable arrangements at each to carry out the provisions of the law in respect to clothing and rations to the recruits until they shall be duly organized into companies. Other places of assembly may hereafter suggest themselves according to circumstances and the success which may attend the recruiting.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[SEPTEMBER 8 AND 9, 1861. -For correspondence between Walker and Brown, in relation to troops for defense of the Georgia coast, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 274.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 9, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: When in connection with the manifestation by the Congress of a want of confidence in the administration of affairs of the War Department I asked you if you would like to go to Europe, you expressed so decided a purpose to retire from this Cabinet, but so positive a reluctance to the proposed change of service, that it is considered needless to recur to that proposition. I write now to inquire whether there is may other position to which I write now to inquire whether there is any other position to which I could assign you that would be entirely acceptable. The personal regard I feel for you, and my desire to promote your welfare and happiness, is, I hope, too well appreciated by you to permit a misconstruction of this offer. To sever the relation which has so closely united us is so repugnant to my sentiment that only the conviction of a public necessity, which I have unsuccessfully striven to avert, could have reconciled me to the separation.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

