
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 9, 1861.

Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General:

SIR: An act was passed by the Confederate Congress at its last session providing that the Secretary of War be authorized and required to make all necessary arrangements for the reception and forwarding of clothes, shoes, blankets, and other articles of necessity that may be sent to the Army by private contribution. Your attention is hereby specially invited to this law, with the request that you furnish the Department with such suggestions in regard to the arrangements referred to as will enable you to carry into effect the wishes and design of Congress.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

September 9, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I regret to be under the necessity of troubling you with this communication, but duty to those who have been in the service from the commencement of the war to the present time imperatively demands it. There may be good reasons for the course that has been adopted, and my object is to ascertain what those reasons are. First, in our State military organization, before the convention with the Confederate Government was ratified by Congress, surgeons and assistant surgeons were appointed for the regiments then formed. These appointments were made in the following manner, viz: Doctor Gibson, whom I had appointed surgeon-general for the State, being much more familiar with the qualifications of the medical men, was required to furnish the names of the most competent that could be found. The list thus presented by Dr. Gibson was be my l aid before the council, and in almost every instance the nominations were unanimously confirmed. These officers, thus appointed, and representing the best medical talent in out States, have been continuously in service from the time of their selection to the present day, and I have yet to hear the first complaint of incompetency, unfaithfulness, or inattention on their part. They were paid by the State up to the 1st of July last. Several of them, who are even now in service, have recently applied for their pay, when, to their surprise, they have been informed that they were not recognized by the Confederate Government, and compensation for their services since the 1st of July has been denied them. These matters have been brought to my attention recently. The control of the Confederate Government over this class of officers has been admitted by me since the transfer by my proclamation dated June 6, 1861. In reference to the classes of officers has been admitted by me since the transfer by my proclamation dated June 6, 1861. In reference to the classes of officers referred to in this communication I used the following language:

I do further order that all officers of the Virginia service now on duty in any of the departments of the staff continue to discharge their respective functions under the direction and control of the President until otherwise ordered.

When the Virginia regiments, organized anterior to the issue of this proclamation, were turned over to the Confederate authorities, I supposed the organization would be respected, unless there should exist

