
Almighty Ruler, whose providence has so signally blessed our cause, cover you with the hollow of His hand and preserve your life for the sake of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

RICHMOND, VA., September 10, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

MY DEAR SIR: Your note of yesterday's date was only received to-night. I think that I properly appreciate the spirit in which it was written, as I certainly do the expressions of your personal regard. In withdrawing from your Cabinet I can, I fell assured, without any impeachment of my motives, say to you in writing what I have often said of you, that you were the only man I had ever met whose greatness grew upon me the nearer I approached him, and whose rare fidelity to principle often wounded when he most preferred to oblige. This is a great compliment, I admit, but now that we are about to part I choose to say it.

You ask me if there is any position to which you could assign me which would be entirely acceptable to me. I will not conceal from you my intention to become a candidate for the Senate in the event Clay does not desire it, and I understand from his brother that he does not. My belief is that I shall be easily elected. There will be, however, no doubt much criticism on my resignation, and some position meanwhile would be agreeable to me. I informed you the other day that I did not wish to go to Europe, and therefore a military position is the only one to which I could be assigned. Am I passing without the limits of your generous offer in asking to be put in command of the defenses of Mobile? I know I have energy, and I believe that my appointment would soon be entirely acceptable to that people.

I am, dear sir, very truly, your friend,

L. P. WALKER.

[September 10, 1861. -For Walker too Pickens, in relation to organization of troops in South Carolina, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 275.]

[SEPTEMBER 10, 1861. -For Cooper to A. S. Johnston, authorizing the reception of troops from Missouri and Kentucky, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 405.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 11, 1861.

Lieut. Colonel A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

SIR: Many articles intended for the health and comfort of our soldiers are hourly arriving in the city of Richmond. These articles consist for the most part of clothing. Arrangements should be made at once for their transportation to their proper destination, to be paid by this Department, and you are hereby ordered to perfect that arrangement at the earliest practicable moment, and issue your orders accordingly, sot that no further delay in the reception of the articles mentioned

