
shall be experienced on the part of those for whom they are intended, and that no delay hereafter shall occur in the transportation of similar articles arriving in Richmond, if possible to be avoided.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RALEIGH, September 11, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

A resolution of our Legislature now in session directs me to inquire of you what provision has been made for the clothing of our troops, and if our State can assist be receiving the commutation and providing clothes, or any other way. I write by telegraph because an answer is needed soon. The Legislature will adjourn on Monday next.

HENRY T. CLARK.

RICHMOND, September 11, 1861.

Governor HENRY T. CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

The Department is making every effort possible to clothe the troops. I have also solicited the aid of the Governors of the different States, and any clothing transferred by the States to the Confederate Government would of course be paid for.

L. P. WALKER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 11, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: Your Excellency's communication of the 9th instant has been duly considered, and it is not at all surprising you should evince so deep an interest in the appointments made by you in the service of Virginia and affected by the transfer executed by the authorities of that State to the Confederate States; but you will pardon me for saying that the action of this Department in relation to these appointments has not been precisely that understood by you. So far as it has been possible to do, that State appointments of staff officers have been regarded and confirmed. In the exercise of the authority with which this Department is invested by law over the staff of the Army, it has generally deferred to the wishes of the regiment to be especially affected by an appointment, when expressed, unless strong objections to the appointment were known to exist. This rule has been acted upon, not only with regard to surgeons, but also in the case of quartermasters and commissaries. Whenever either of these classes of officers, commissioner by Your Excellency, have been confirmed in their commissions, and this rule will continue to be the policy of this Department until no additional staff appointments are needed for the service.

Many of the regiments are slow in sending forward their recommendations, and this fact, in all probability, will serve to explain the

