
Resolved (if the Senate concur), That the Governor be respectfully requested to forward forthwith copies of the foregoing resolutions to the President of the Nation and the Governors of all the States of the Union.

The preceding preamble and resolutions were duly passed.

By order:

H. A. RISLEY,

Clerk.

IN SENATE, January 11, 1861.

The preceding preamble and resolutions were duly passed.

By order:

JAMES TERWILLIGER,

Clerk.

Mr. Toombs offered the following resolution, which was taken up, read, and adopted:

Resolved, unanimously, in response to the resolutions of New York, referred to in the Governor's message, that this convention highly approves the energetic and patriotic conduct of Governor Brown in taking possession of Fort Pulaski by Georgia troops, and requests him to hold possession until the relations of Georgia with the Federal Government be determined by this convention; and that a copy of this resolution be transmitted to the Governor of New York.

* * * * *

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF MISSISSIPPI,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Jackson, January 18, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN J. PETTUS,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief Mississippi Militia:

SIR: Pursuant to an act of the Legislature prescribing the duties of the adjutant-general, I have the honor to submit the following report for the year ending December, 1860, and from January 1, 1861, to January 17, inclusive:

The past year was as remarkable for the military organizations effected in the State as for the great political changes which took place throughout the country. The precarious conditions of political affairs in this country, occasioned by Northern aggression upon the institutions of the South, aroused the people of the Southern States to a sense of their imperfect security, and their Legislatures by wise counsel made ample provision for the purchase of arms and munitions of war for the defense of the States. The Mississippi Legislature, being duly impressed with a sense of her insecurity and aroused by the action of John Brown and his confederates at Harper's Ferry in their attempt to stain and drench the soil of Virginia in innocent blood, made an appropriation in December, 1859, of $150,000 for the purchase of arms in order to prepare her to resist effectually such a fanatical raid, should an attempt be made to perpetrate such an act within her borders. So soon as the passage of the act appropriating the sum of $150,000 for arms was known throughout the State military organizations commenced springing up from her northern borders to the sea-coast. These organizations of volunteer companies progressed steadily, though slowly, during the spring and summer months, organizing at the rate of some two companies per month, the military ardor aroused by the John Brown raid abating to some extent. Within the past two months the political excitement awakened by the election of a black Republican to the Presidency, being unprecedented and without parallel in the history of this county, these

