
known to exist. " How the wishes of the regiment are to be ascertained, whether by the representations of the field officers or by the votes of all constituting the regiment, I am at a loss to understand. If in the former mode, then we have the strange anomaly of the appointees of the Executive determining whether the appointees for staff appointments shall be confirmed or rejected. In other words, Executive appointments are to be reviewed by Executive appointees, who are constituted a court to hear, try, and determine whether Executive acts shall be confirmed. Such is the conclusion to which your language irresistibly leads. Again you say, "Many of the regiments are slow in sending forwarded their recommendations. " Has an order issued from your Department notifying the regiments that recommendations of surgeons and assistant surgeons, chaplains, quartermasters, and commissaries were required of them? And if so, to what regiments was the order sent, and when was it sent? If not such order was sent the order sent, and when was it sent? If no such order was sent it is not surprising that "the regiments are slow in sending forward their recommendations. " "It is true, those commissioned by the Confederate Government, under the sanction of that commission, would be paid for services rendered while holding the State commission, as the first would carry with it a recognition of the last. " This is right, but it stops short of the point of difficulty. There are many who have not yet been commissioner by the Confederate Government, and who have been and are still rendering service in the positions to which they have been legally assigned. Suppose it shall be decided ultimately that they are not to be commissioned, are they to receive no compensation for the time they h ave been in service since the 1st of July last? This would not be just, as the highest authority teaches that "the labor is worthy of his hire. " In ton you say, "So far as is remembered, nearly the whole number of surgeons, quartermasters, and commissaries made by Your Excellency proved so unexceptionable that they were accepted and confirmed in their commissions; only a very few of them were rejected, for special and sufficient reasons. " The Department having stated that my appointments have "proved so unexceptionable," I cannot understand why you should await recommendations from the regiments before you confirm them. Those that have been suspended since the 6th of June could be confirmed without further delay. I have not a word to urge in behalf of those who have been rejected "for special and sufficient reasons. " You have an undoubted right to determine what reasons are sufficient, and I have no disposition to interfere with your judgment or your acts in this matter so manifestly under your control and admitted in my proclamation to be so. I have nothing to offer in behalf of those who have been rejected by your Department. The interest I feel is for those who have neither been confirmed nor rejected, but have been continuously in service, are still in service, and will remain in service from patriotic considerations until discharged by a legal and proper order from your Department. I desire harmony-cordial harmony-and unity of action between the Confederate and State authorities. I think the record will demonstrate that I have on every occasion manifested a proper spirit, and have contributed freely and promptly all the means under my control to the common defense. In my action I have looked not only to Virginia, but to all the States who are united with us in the struggle in which we are now engaged. In the disposition of the arms, munitions of war, the machinery, and other property of the State which was under my control I have been generous in their use for

