
the advancement of the common cause. My future action will be in strict accordance with the principles which have influenced me heretofore.

I am, truly,

JOHN LETCHER.

RICHMOND, VA., September 14, 1861.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

SIR: I have just received and read your letter of the 12th instant. Its language is, as you say, unusual; its arguments and statements utterly one-sided, and its insinuations as unfounded as they are unbecoming.

I am, &amp;c.,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

CLIFTON HOUSE, NIAGARA FALLS, CANADA SIDE,

September 14, 1861.

Mr. JOEL WHITE:

(Care of Guthrie & Co., Louisville, Ky.)

DEAR SIR: I have arrived safely, as you see, in Canada, after various annoyances, not, indeed, of the nature I apprehended, but scarcely less important, considering how valuable time is to me. Though I had a through ticket to Detroit, and the route on the map appears the most direct, I found that in leaving the great thoroughfare between East and West I had also left the route of close connections. You can imagine how it taxed my patience to wait in Indianapolis six hours for a train, and eight hours more in Peru, a wretched, straggling village in the same State; but this was by no means the worst. A few miles beyond Wabash some obstructions placed on the tract threw us off, smashing engine and half a dozen cars and tearing up the rails for a distance of over thirty feet. The passengers were saved only by the fact that there were nearly twenty freight cars to bear the main brunt of this terrific catastrophe. What I most cared for was the further detention of fourteen hours. Arriving at last in Toledo (yesterday evening), I found that I would have to wait until next morning for a train to Detroit. Preferring the cars to an Ohio hotel, I changed my route, and without further accident arrived this morning at Buffalo, whence I immediately proceeded to this side, and here I am, tired, worried, and out of all patience, having lost all hope of getting to Quebec in time for the steamer which sails to-day. I am now writing in full view of the Falls, but am in no humor to enjoy them, for the loss of this whole week is a partial failure of the object of my journey. There is a Boston steamer touching at Halifax on Friday, but I do not think I would gain a single day be making the long circuit necessary to take it. Under the circumstances I have thought it needless to telegraph. You will, however, oblige me by communicating this letter to the person I named as being kind enough to take an interest in my movements. At the different places where I was compelled to stop, and necessarily more or less to mix with the people, the war was, of course, the exclusive topic. The unanimous opinion everywhere was that the Federal forces in each encounter had to meet heavy odds. Absolute confidence, amounting almost to indifference, seemed to be entertained in the ultimate success of the Union armies. It would be a misuse of words to call this feeling enthusiasm; it is rather an overweening self-conceit, or a stolid ignorance as to the

