
extent of the national danger. Upon the whole, the war has not touched the heart of the masses nearly as much as I had expected. I was particularly struck with the number of young men I saw lounging about the bar rooms, billiard saloons, or in front of groceries at such country places all I was compelled to stop at. The troops I saw at depots and in cars belonged apparently to the lowest walks of life. Where not foreigners, they seemed to be farm hands and helps. At every station on the way, and at every corner in cities and villages, huge placards held out inducements to recruits. The newspapers are filled with appeals and complaints at the slowness of volunteers to come forward. "We need 50,000 more men for McClellan and 150,000 more for Fremont" is the refrain of every war article. The national pulse must beat much quicker, if I am any judge, before these are forthcoming. Arrests are made everywhere in great numbers. While at Indianapolis I heard of seven being made the day before in the adjoining State of Illinois. I heard also a great deal of talk about 'spies" and "agents of Jeff. Davis," &amp;c., traveling through the country. On leaving Jeffersonville I had half an hour's talk about "de rebels" with a man who came in the omnibus with me from the Galt House at Louisville, and who seemed disposed to take the Southern side. That may have been his opinion, but I thought he was more intent upon sounding me than defending the rebels. The passenger traffic East and West is almost suspended. Until I reached Toledo thee was scarcely ever more than one passenger-car, nor more than twelve or fifteen travelers, and no pretension to make schedule time. On the other hand, an immense freight going East. I counted nearly 200 freight-cars between Peru and Toledo, mostly of provisions for the Army.

Truly, your friend,

HENRY HOTZE.

(Received September 14, 1861.)

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

SIR: In accordance with the suggestion made by you in the interview which General Morton, Judge McGehee, and myself had with you on Saturday, I submit in writing the substance of the proposition laid before you. The Pensacola and Georgia Railroad Company, commencing at Quincy, within twenty miles of the Chattahoochee River, runs to Lake City, where it connects with another road running to Jacksonville, on the Saint John's. The Florida Railroad crosses the latter twenty miles from Jacksonville. It begins at Fernandina and runs to Cedar Keys. There is a branch road from the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad which leaves the latter of Tallahassee and runs to Saint Mark's. Thus the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad is a ling in lines of communication by means of which troop and material of war may be transported to and from two points on the Atlantic to two points on the Gulf, and to a place within twenty miles of the Chattahoochee, navigable by large steamers from Columbus, Ga., to Apalachicola. There is now under contract a railroad branching from the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad and running to the Georgia line, where it unites with a road branching from Savannah, Albany and Gulf Railroad. When this extension of the Pensacola and Georgia roads with those of the other States of the Confederacy, thus enabling the Government to transport men and material of war from Rich-

