
mond to any point of Florida without breaking bulk. Without this connecting link to unite the Florida roads with that of Georgia, cannon and other heavy material will have to be unloaded from the Georgia cars and transported by wagons over roads almost impassable in winter. The Pensacola and Georgia Railroad has under contract and ready for track-laying the road from their main line to the boundary of Georgia, but the company has not yet purchased the iron for the road, and in the present state of trade it cannot obtain the means to make the purchase. The iron is for sale in Savannah for cash, and if the means to buy it could be obtained the road could be completed in about two months. The company proposes that the Government shall contract with them for the transportation of men and munitions of war, provisions, &amp;c., at a fixed rate, and that an advance be made of the sum of $70,000 for the purchase of the iron and $15,000 for spikes and chairs upon such contract, with the agreement that if at the end of the war the amount of transportation paid by the company under the contract shall not equal the sum advanced the company repay the balance due the Government in settlement and give ample security for the performance of the contract, and that the amount advanced shall be applied to complete the unfinished road needed to perfect the connection with the Georgia road. Our road, when this connection of twenty-two miles to the Georgia line is completed, will embrace in its entire length, including branches, 176 miles of road in complete order, laid with heavy iron, well supplied with rolling-stock, and having the capacity for the transportation of freight and passengers equal to any road of its length in the Confederacy, the road and equipments being new. The distance from Savannah to No. 12 Station, on the Savannah, Albany and Gulf Railroad, is 130 1/2 miles; from Station 12 to Pensacola and Georgia Railroad, 47 miles; from Pensacola and Georgia Railroad, at point of connection, to Quincy, 20 miles; from Chattahoochee River, 106 miles; from Pensacola and Georgia Railroad to Saint Mark's, 104 miles; from Pensacola and Georgia Railroad to Jacksonville, 78 miles; from Pensacola and Georgia Railroad to Fernandina, 105 miles; from Pensacola and Georgia Railroad to Cedar Keys, 161 miles. A map* is submitted with this communication upon which the roads are laid down for reference.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Pensacola AND GEORGIA R. R. CO.,

By E. HOUSTOUN,

President.

RICHMOND, VA., September 15, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant, tendering your resignation of the office of Secretary of War and fixing the 16th as the date on which you wished to retire, was duly received. Our long and close connection during the most trying period (that of the establishment of the Government of the Confederacy and contemporaneously the defense of its territory against invasion) has created relations personal and official which it is painful to sunder. In accepting the tender of your resignation permit me to offer my sincere wish for your future welfare and happiness, and the assurance that the confidence you have won by untiring zeal in an office of extreme labor will attend you in your

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

