
future career, which I can but expect will be honorable to you and useful to the country. I am not surprised, connected as you have been with the details of Army affairs, and knowing as you do the trials to which that Army is probably yet to be exposed, that you should desire at this time to connect yourself more actively with our military operations, and it will give me pleasure to confer upon you the rank of brigadier-general and to assign you to the command of Alabama troops.

Very respectfully and truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., September 17, 1861.

The Hon. J. P. Benjamin, Attorney-General of the Confederate States, is hereby appointed Acting Secretary of War, and is charged will all the powers and functions appertaining to the head of the War Department.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GRIFFIN, September 18, 1861.

President DAVIS,

Richmond:

The four regiments in the two camps of instruction are without arms. Please under a supply to them at once from the cargo just landed in Savannah, and order some rifled cannon for defense of Savannah and Brunswick. Impossible to arm the regiments here. Hope you will not fail to supply them, as the guns have been landed in the State, and they have been mustered into the service of the Confederacy without arms. Please reply to Atlanta.

JOS. E. BROWN.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., September 18, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: I avail myself of Captain Hanckel's kindness to write you in relation to the cargo of steamer Bermuda, lately arrived in the port of Savannah, Ga. I directed Messrs. John Fraser &amp; Co. to send you a complete manifest. You will see that there are some 3,000 Enfield and German rifles. I wish to secure these arms for the regiments accepted from this State for the war. We have at this time nine regiments in Virginia armed and equipped from the stores of the State, and find ourselves wanting in proper arms for the four regiments for the war now in camps of instruction. I would be pleased to exchange, by permitting the present efficient arms in the hands of our regiments now in Virginia to remain in possession of the Confederate Government after the term of service of those regiments have expired, in place of those to be turned over form the cargo of the steamer. Should I get your consent, I will direct our secretary of the treasury to make necessary arrangements in liquidation of the State claims against the Confederacy. The Governor being absent, I am temporarily in charge of State matters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. GIST,

Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.

