
RICHMOND, VA., September 20, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Griffin, Ga.:

The arms on the steamer Bermuda belong chiefly to private owners, and we are endeavoring to secure as many of them as possible. We are compelled first to arm regiments now here awaiting arms. Will do the best we can for you.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[SEPTEMBER 20, 1861. -For Moore to Davis in relation to organizing the militia of Louisiana, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 740.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 21, 1861.

Colonel HOWELL COBB,

Provisional Army, C. S.:

SIR: On the 18th instant I received an unofficial copy of a resolution of the Congress, which requested me "to cause to be prepared a stand of colors and a sword, to be furnished and paid for out of the fund placed at the disposal of the President by the contribution of the members of this body, to be presented to Colonel Howell Cobb, as a testimonial of the high esteem in which his patriotic services are held by the members of the Confederate Congress. " The stand of colors has been prepared and will be delivered to you by my aide-de-camp, Colonel Davis, and you will accept assurance of the confidence I feel that this flag, intrusted to you as the commander of a regiment of Georgians, will be gallantly borne wherever our country's need may claim it, and be sustained with such, heroism and patriotic devotion as shall further illustrate the proud history of Georgia. The balance of the fund, which has been handed to me by the Hon. C. J. McRae, will be applied to the procurement of a sword, which will be transmitted to you as soon as obtained. Had the request of the Congress been more

promptly communicated it would have received earlier attention.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 21, 1861.

General S. R. GIST,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to say, in reply to your letter of the 18th instant, that he regrets it is impossible to comply with your request. The arms are required for regiments in camp here, which are needed for immediate active service.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

[SEPTEMBER 21, 1861. -For A. S. Johnston to Harris, calling for 30,000 men from Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 417.]

[SEPTEMBER 22, 1861. -For A. S. Johnston to Rector, calling for 10,000 men from Arkansas, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 422.]

