
confident that your error has been one of judgment only, but the occasion requires the expression of decided disapprobation from this Department of action which, if unchecked, would have the effect on the public weal. You are instructed to return to the ordnance office having control of this property all the arms mentioned in your letter, except 1,000 rifles and 1 rifled cannon, which the Department has appropriated for the use of your command, and had ordered to be delivered to you.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 29, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana, New Orleans:

SIR: In the letter of this Department to Your Excellency of June 30, 1861, calling for the organization of a reserve army corps, &amp;c., the selection of the camps of instruction to which these troops when enlisted should be assigned was left to the discretion of Your Excellency. I have now the honor to request Your Excellency to furnish to this Department a statement of the location of these camps of instruction, the names by which they are called, the post-offices by which they may be addressed, and the number and organization of the troops there encamped under the call referred to. I would also respectfully request the favor of Your Excellency to furnish, so far as may be within you knowledge, a similar list of any other camps of instruction which may have been established within your State.

Very respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

(Same to the Governors of the several States.)

[SEPTEMBER 29, 1861. -For Moore to Benjamin, in relation to organizing troops and procuring arms, &c., see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 747.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

New Orleans, LA., September 29, 1861.

Major Gen. J. L. LEWIS,

First Division Louisiana Militia, New Orleans, LA.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has decided not to make use of the services of the companies of colored citizens tendered him as an escort for the prisoners of war and instructs me to communicate his decision to you.

He thanks them for the promptness with which they answered the call, and is assured that they will be equally ready upon a more important occasion.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. DEVEREUX,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

40 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

