
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 30, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: In answer to an inquiry dated September 22, from the Honorable Secretary of War, I have the honor to submit the following reports, viz:

I. Statement of the whole number of first lieutenant in the C. S. Army, the whole number appointed to date, and the number of vacancies to be filled. *

II. Similar statement of second lieutenant.

III. Tabular statement of the regiments, battalions, and independent companies mustered into service from each State and their present location.

IV. Statement of generals who are in independent commands, with a list of the generals subordinate to them.

In regard to the clerical force in this Department, about which the Secretary inquires, I would respectfully suggest that temporary employment is now ready for at least three more clerks. The constant increase of papers and business cannot be attended to by the present force.

The returns from many States are so very incomplete and the commanders of regiments, &amp;c., have been so remiss in forwarding muster-rolls and returns to this Department as to render a complete report out of our power. The State of North Carolina, furnishing twenty-six regiments, has only four regiments whose muster-rolls have been received. The State of Virginia, with over sixty-five regiments, has many rolls of independent companies which cannot be classified, from our ignorance of its regimental organizations. Return No. III gives as a total 254 regiments. Other regiments are organized and organizing which are yet unreported.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. D. GRONER.

III. -Statement of the regiments, battalions, and companies mustered into the service of the Confederate States.

ALABAMA.

Number of	 Commander	 Station

regiment or

battalion

First	 Colonel H. D. Clayton	 Pensacola

Second	 Colonel Henry Maury	 Fort Morgan

Third	 Colonel T. Lomax	 Norfolk

Fourth	 Colonel E. J. Jones	 Manassas.

Fifth	 Colonel R. E. Rodes	 Do.

Sixth	 Colonel J. J. Seibels	 Do.

Seventh	 Colonel S. A. M. Wood	 Pensacola.

Eighth	 Colonel John A. Winston	 Yorktown.

Ninth	 Colonel C. M. Wilcox	 Manassas.

Tenth	 Colonel John H. Forney	 Do.

Eleventh	 Colonel Sydenham Moore	 Do.

Twelfth	 Colonel Theodore O'Hara	 Do.

Thirteenth	 Colonel B. D. Fry	 Yorktown.

Fourteenth	 Colonel Thomas J. Judge	 Camp of Instruction,

 	 Auburn, Ala.

Fifteenth	 Colonel James Cantey	 Manassas.

Sixteenth	 Colonel W. B. Wood	 Knoxville

Seventeenth	 Colonel Thomas H. Watts	 Camp of Instruction,

 	 Shorter's Depot, Ala.

Eighteenth	 Colonel E. C. Bullock	 Camp of Instruction,

 	 Auburn, Ala.

Nineteenth	 Colonel Joseph Wheeler	 Camp of Instruction,

 	 Huntsville, Ala.

---------------

*Statements (here omitted) show 121 first lieutenants and 165 second lieutenants appointed, and 69 vacancies in the first lieutenancies and 95 vacancies in the second lieutenancies to be filled.

---------------

