
DEPARTMENT OF EAST FLORIDA.

(Headquarters, Tallahassee, Fla.)

Brigadier Gen. JOHN B. GRAYSON, commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF Texas.

(Headquarters, San Antonio, Tex.)

Brigadier Gen. P. O. HEBERT, commanding.

ACTING INSPECTOR-GENERAL OF CAMPS.

(Headquarters, Richmond.)

Brigadier Gen. JOHN H. WINDER.

[SEPTEMBER 30, 1861. -For Rector to Benjamin, in relation to raising troops in Arkansas for the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. III, p. 710.]

CHARLESTON, September 30, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: We received your letter of 25th this morning only, the mails having been very irregular of late. We make due note that you have issued a requisition in our favor for $500,000, to be remitted to England for the credit and use of Captain Caleb Huse, as agent of the Government. The warrant has not reached our hands yet, but we will endeavor to engage the sterling bills at once if possible, and shall be very much relieved if we can secure the amount at 12 1/2 or 13 per cent. premium. We sold last week all we desire to draw for the present at 12 1/2 per cent. There is a general impression prevailing that the Government is opposed to the exportation of cotton, and it is believed that at the next session of Congress the exportation will be prohibited by law. Among other mischievous results that, in our opinion, must infallibly flow from the adoption of this policy is a rapid and extravagant advance in the price of foreign exchange or, what is the same, a rapid depreciation of the currency of the country. We cannot refrain from expressing an earnest hope that the Government will rather encourage than forbid the sale and exportation of this great staple and chief source of national wealth and strength.

Yours, with great respect,

JNO. FRASER &amp; CO.

CHARLESTON, September 30, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: We had the honor of writing you this morning and have since received your letter of the 27th in relation to the steamer Bermuda. We has requested Mr. Hanckel to say that we would with great alacrity place her at the disposal of the Government if she

