
could be made useful. We now think, however, that the best course has been adopted in referring the matter to Captain Huse, who is in crelations with our Liverpool friends. Nothing will be left undone on their part or ours to promote the measures of the Government, and we beg you at all times to command our services freely.

Yours, with great respect,

JNO. FRASER &amp; CO.

RICHMOND, September 30, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Being in urgent need of engines and cars, I instructed the Quartermaster-General to impress a certain number of them on the Western and Atlantic Railroad, paying a fair value if the owners would not sell or lease them. I did not know that the road belonged to the State of Georgia when I have these orders. I have, of course, revoked them, but I appeal to you for aid. Without some additional rolling stock on the Virginia and East Tennessee road it is utterly impossible to transport the troops and supplies required for public defense. If you will let me have them I will allow any reasonable recompense that Georgia demands.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

ATLANTA, October 1, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

Will write you fully our embarrassed condition about engines and cars. I think you could get them from the Central Railroad at Savannah, from the South Carolina Railroad at Charleston, or from the Memphis and Charleston.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[OCTOBER 1, 1861. -For A. S. Johnston to Pettus, in relation to Johnston's call for troops, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 434.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH CAROLINA,October 1, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: I have now recently mustered into Confederate service for and during the continuance of the war 4,400 men in accordance with requisitions made by your Department, and it was distinctly stated by the then Secretary of War that in mustering in these men their being armed was not a "prerequisite," but it would be preferred that they should be armed. I was led to believe that by this time the Confederate Government would have armed them. They are now actually needed on our sea-coast, for we may expect an attack at any point. Under these circumstances I most respectfully urge that those

