
I have no doubt that it can be done. I think also that some arrangement had better be made by which the regiments now for twelve months only in Virginia shall be revolunteered before they are disbanded, and in any reasonable measure having this for an object I shall be glad to aid and co-operate with you. Be so good as to let me hear from you on these last two points in times to mature plans for the consideration of the Legislature, which meets on the first Monday in November next.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS.

STAUNTON, October 1, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Attorney-General:

DEAR SIR: Some bold and daring spirits on our western border are anxious to have license or authority from the Government in the form of letters of marque and reprisal, or some other legal form, to attack the enemy's trade and commerce on the Ohio River without hazard from civil or criminal process if captured. A gentleman now in my office, Mr. James A. Crawford, who has had already some daring adventures on the borders, is anxious to procure some such authorization form the Government if the law will allow it. Of course so long as the enemy hold the control of the river and its tributaries it would be impossible to bring the vessels he might capture into a friendly port. His plan would be to bring off as much property as could be wagoned away, and have it libeled in the nearest Confederate court. I cannot advise Mr. Crawford as to the legal feasibility of his project. May I request you to say in brief whether the Government could give Mr. Crawford any authority, as though he were on the high seas, to attack, under its protection, the enemy's commerce in the Ohio River, and what proceedings would be required on his part in respect to property so captured. He can enlist a company of twenty-five to fifty bold men in his command who, he thinks, may do some effective service. I trust you will pardon the request I make for the sake of the motives which dictate it, which are damage to our foes, safety to our friends.

Truly, &amp;c.,

HUGH W. SHEFFEY,

Attorney at Law.

ARTICLES OF A CONVENTION entered into and concluded at Park Hill, in the Cherokee Nation, on the second day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, their commissioner, with full powers, appointed by the President, by virtue of an act of the Congress in that behalf, of the one part, and the Great Osage tribe of Indians, by its chiefs and headmen, who have signed these articles, of the other part.

ARTICLE I. The Great Osage tribe of Indians and all the persons thereof do hereby place themselves under the laws and protection of the Confederate States of America, in peace and war, forever, and agree to be true and loyal to them under all circumstances.

ART. II. The Confederate States of America do hereby promise and firmly engage themselves to be, during all time, the friends and protectors of the Great Osage tribe of Indians, and to defend and secure them in the enjoyment of all their rights; and that they will not allow them henceforward to be in any wise troubled or molested by any power or people, State or person whatever.

