
ART. III. The Confederate States of America do hereby assure and guarantee to the Great and Little Osage tribes of Indians the exclusive and undisturbed possession, use, and occupancy during all time, as long as grass shall grow and water run, of the country heretofore secured to them by treaty with the United States of America, and which is described in the treaty of the second day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, as being thus bounded, that is to say: Beginning at a point dues east of White Hair's village, and twenty-five miles west of the western boundary-line of the State of Missouri, fronting on a north and south line, so as to leave ten miles north and forty miles south of the point of said beginning, and extending west, with the width of fifty miles, to the western boundary of the lands ceded and relinquished by said nations by that treaty, which lands shall not be sold or ceded by the said tribes, nor shall any part thereof, to any nation or people, except to the Confederate States, or to any individuals whatever; and the same shall vest in the Confederate States in case the said tribes become extinct or abandon the same.

ART. IV. The right is hereby reserved to the Confederate States to select, in any unoccupied part of said country, a tract of two sections of land, as a reserve and site for an agency for the said tribes, which shall revert to the said tribes whenever it shall cease to be occupied for an agency.

ART. V. The Confederate States shall have the right to establish in the said country such forts and military posts as they may deem necessary, and shall have the right to select for each such fort or post a tract of land one mile square, on which such fort or post shall be established: Provided, That if any person or persons have any improvements on any tract so selected, the value of such improvements shall be paid by the Government to the owner thereof.

ART. VI. No person whatever shall be permitted to settle or reside upon the agency reserve when it shall have been selected, except by the permission of the agent; nor upon any reserve for a fort or military post, except by the permission of the commanding officer; and every such reserve, for the agency or the forts or military posts, shall be within the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Confederate States.

ART. VII. The Confederate States shall forever have the right of free navigation of all navigable streams and water-courses within or running through the country hereby assured and guaranteed to said tribes.

ART. VIII. The Confederate States hereby guarantee that the country hereby secured to said Great and Little Osage tribes shall never be included within the bounds of any State or Territory, nor shall any of the laws of any State or Territory every be extended over or put in force within any part of the said country; and the President of the Confederate States will cause the said tribes to be protected against all molestation or disturbance at the hands of any other tribe or nation of Indians, or of any other person whatever; and he shall have the same care and superintendence over them as was heretofore had by the President of the United States.

ART. IX. The members of the said Great and Little Osage tribes of Indians shall have the right henceforward of hunting and killing game in all the unoccupied country west of the possessions of the Cherokees, Seminoles, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, without molestation from any quarters, being, while so engaged therein, under the protection of the Confederate States.

