
ART. X. There shall be perpetual peace and brotherhood between the Great and Little Osage tribes of Indians and the Cherokees, Musko-kis, Seminoles, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, and the bands of Wichitas, Cado-Ha-da-chaos, Hue-cos, Ta-hua-ca-ros, A-na-dagh-cos, Ton-ca-wes, Ki-chais, Ai-o-nais, Shawnees, and Delawares living in the country leased from the Choctaws and Chickasaws, and the Pen-e-tegh-ca, No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um or Comanches; and every injury or act of hostility which either has heretofore sustained or met with at the hands of the other shall be forgiven and forgotten.

ART. XI. The Great and Little Osage tribes of Indians and the said several other nations, tribes, and bands shall henceforth be good neighbors to each others, and there shall be a free and friendly intercourse among them. And it is hereby agreed by the said Great Osage tribe, as has already been agreed by all the others except the Little Osage tribe, that the horses, cattle, and other stock and property of each nation, tribe, or band, and of every person of each, is his or its own; and that no person belonging to the Great Osage tribe shall, or will hereafter, kill, take away, or injure any such property of another tribe or band, or of any member of any other tribe or band, or in any other way do them any harm.

ART. XII. Especially there shall be perpetual peace and friendship between said Great Osage tribe and the Cherokees, Mus-ko-kis, Seminoles, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, and the chiefs and headmen of the said Great Osage tribe shall do all in their power to take and restore any negroes, horses, or other property stolen from white men, or from persons belonging to either of said five nations, and to catch and give up any person among them who may kill or steal, or do any other evil act.

ART. XIII. In order that the friendship now established between the said Great Osage tribe of Indians and the Confederate States and the other Indian nations, tribes, and bands aforesaid, may not be interrupted by the misconduct of individuals, or bands of individuals, it is hereby agreed that for injuries done by individuals, no private revenge or retaliation shall taken place, but instead thereof complaint shall be made by the said Great Osage tribe of Indians, when any individual thereof is injured, to the agent of the Confederate States for the Osages and other tribes, who shall investigate the complaint, and, if he finds it well founded, shall report the same to the superintendent, who will cause the wrong to be redressed, and the person or persons doing the wrong to be arrested, whether he be a white man or an Indian; and he or they shall be tried for the same agreeably to the laws of the Confederate States or of the State or Territory against which he may have offended, and be punished in the same manner and with the same severity as if the injury had been done to a white man. And it is also agreed that if any member of the Great Osage tribe shall do any injury to the person or property of any white man or of a member of any other Indian nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States, the offender shall be given up to the agent, upon complaint made to him and on his demand, the wrong shall be redressed by him, and the offender be tried for the offense agreeably to the laws of the Confederate States, or of the State, Territory, or nation against which he may have offended: Provided, That he shall be punished in nor with any great severity than a citizen of the Confederate States, or of such State, Territory, or nation would be, if he had committed the same offense.

