
ART. XIV. It is hereby further agreed that the chiefs of the Great Osage tribe shall use every exertion in their power to recover any horses or other property that may be stolen from any citizen of the Confederate States or from any member of any other Indian tribe under the protection of the Confederate States by any person or persons whatever, and found within the limits of their country; and the property so recovered shall be forthwith delivered to the owner or to the agent to be restored to him. If in any case the right to the property claimed is contested by the person in possession, the agent shall summarily investigate the case, and upon hearing the testimony of witnesses, shall decide the right to the property, and order it to be retained or delivered up accordingly. Either party may appeal from his decision to the superintendent, whose decision shall be final in all cases, the property, in the meantime, remaining in the custody of the agent. If in any case the exertions of the chiefs to cause the restoration of stolen property prove ineffectual, and the agent is satisfied from the testimony that it was actually stolen, or received with knowledge of its being stolen, by any person belonging to the Great Osage tribe, he shall so report to the superintendent, with a copy of the testimony; which shall for that purpose be always reduced to writing; and the superintendent shall, if satisfied from the testimony, deduct from the annuity of the tribe a sum equal to the value of the property stolen.

ART. XV. The Confederate States hereby guarantee full and fair payment to the owner of the actual and full value of all horse and other property stolen from any person or persons belonging to the Great Osage tribe, by any citizen of the Confederate States, or by any Indian of any other under their protection, in case the same control be recovered and restored, and upon sufficient proof being made before the superintendent or any agent of the Confederate States for any of such nations or tribes that such property was actually stolen by a citizen or citizens of the Confederate States, or by an Indian or Indians of any nation or tribe under their protection.

ART. XVI. An agent for the Great and Little Osage tribes, the Quapaws, Senecas, and Senecas and Shawnees shall be appointed by the President, and an interpreter for the Great and Little tribes of Osages, for their protection and that their complaints may be heard by and their wants made known to the President. The agent shall reside continually in the country of one or the other of said tribes or bands, and the interpreter shall reside among either the Great or Little Osage; and neither of them shall ever be absent from their posts, except by the permission of the superintendent.

ART. XVII. None of the braves of the Great Osage tribe shall go upon the warpath, against any enemy whatever, except with the consent of the agent, or unless it be to pursue hostile bands of white men or Indians entering their country and committing murder, robbery, or other outrage when immediate pursuit is necessary; nor shall hold any talks or councils with any white men or Indians without his knowledge and consent. And they especially agree to attend no councils or talks in the country of any people, or with the officers or agents of any people, with whom the Confederate States are at war; and in case they do so, all the benefits secured to them by this treaty shall immediately and forever cease.

ART. XVIII. The Confederate States will not permit any improper persons to reside or be in the Great or Little Osage country, but only such persons as are employed by them, their officers or agents, and

