
traders licensed by them, who shall sell to the Osages and buy from them, at fair prices, under such regulations as the President shall make from time to time.

ART. XIX. To steal a horse or any other article of property from a white man or an Indian not at war with the Confederate States shall always be regarded as disgraceful, and the chiefs of the Osages will discountenance and prevent it by every means in their power. For if they should not there never could bpeace.

ART. XX. The Confederate States with the Osage to settle upon and cultivate their land, build houses, and dig wells, and by industry become enabled to support themselves; and in order to encourage and assist them, and because of the chattels and articles promised to the Great Osage and Little Osage by the treaty of the eleventh day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, a considerable portion never was furnished them, to wit, 1,200 hogs, 700 plows, 700 sets of horse gear, 800 axes, and 800 hoes, the Confederate States agree to give them 1,200 breeding hogs, 50 yoke of oxen with ox wagons, horse gear, plows, yokes, axes, spades and hoes, and other useful implements, to the value of $15,000, at the first cost in the place in the Confederate States where the same shall be purchased; of which stock 900 hogs, 40 yoke of oxen, and such implements as aforesaid to the value of $11,000 shall be given to the Great Osages, and the residue to the Little Osages if they unite in this treaty. But such stock and implements shall only be issued from time to time, and to such persons as shall be reported by the agent to the superintendent to be engaged or ready to engage in farming, and who will take care of and profitably use the same, and be benefitted by them, and not sell, waste, or destroy the same; upon which reports and so only, the superintendent shall cause the issue to such persons only of so much of said stock and so many of said implements as he would be entitled to upon a distribution of all per capita; and it shall be the duty of the chiefs and of the agent to see that what is so issued is not destroyed or wasted; and if waste or destruction can in no otherwise be prevented, to reclaim the same and issue them elsewhere.

ART. XXI. The Confederate States also agree to build and put in running order a grist and saw mill, at some suitable point in Osage country, and to employ a miller for each mill for the term of nine years from the date of this treaty, and an assistant to each for the same time; the latter to be selected from the Osage Nation, and each of them to receive $225 per annum as his compensation; and each miller shall be furnished with a dwelling-house; this article being agreed to by the Confederate States because the mill erected by the United States, under the treaty of the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, was burned down after being in operation only six years.

ART. XXII. The Confederate States also agree that the agent for the Osages shall be authorized to employ, for and during the term of ten years from the day of the signing of this treaty, ten agricultural and other laborers, to assist the Great and Little Osages in opening and preparing for cultivation their fields, and building their houses, who shall be, at all times, under the control and direction of the agent.

ART. XXIII. For the same purpose, the Confederate States will also provide, furnish, and support for and during the term of twenty years from the date of this treaty, for the Great Osages upon and after the ratification of this treaty, and for the Little Osages when they shall become parties to this treaty, to each a blacksmith and an assistant, who shall be one of their own people, and for each, annually, a suffi-

