
cient supply of coal, with 500 pounds of iron and 60 pounds of steel to the blacksmith for the Great Osages, and 250 pounds of iron and 25 pounds of steel to the blacksmith for the Little Osages, that their farming utensils, tools, and arms may be seasonably repaired; and also one wagon-maker for each; and will furnish each smith and wagon-maker with the necessary tools and with a shop and the wagon-maker with the necessary wood and other materials from time to time.

ART. XXIV. The Confederate States will also furnish, at proper places, the Great and Little Osages with such medicines as may be necessary, and will employ a physician for each, who shall reside among them during the pleasure of the President.

ART. XXV. The Confederate States also agree to furnish each warrior of said Great Osage tribe, who has not a gun, with a good rifle and a supply of powder and lead and percussion-caps or flints as soon as it may be found practicable. The arms and ammunition are never to be given away, sold, or exchanged, and the chiefs will punish any one who so disposes of either; and the Confederate States will severely punish any trader or other white man who may purchase either from them.

ART. XXVI. No State or Territory shall ever pass laws for the government of the Osage people; and except so far as the laws of the Confederate States are in force in their country, they shall be left free to govern themselves, and to punish offenses committed by one of themselves against the person or property of another: Provided, That if one of them kills another without good cause or justification, he shall suffer death, but only by the sentence of the chiefs, and after a fair trial, all private revenge being strictly forbidden.

ART. XXVII. Every white man who marries a woman of the Osages, and resides in the Osage country, shall be deemed and taken, even after the death of his wife, to be an Osage and a member of the tribe in which he resides, so far as to be subject to the laws of the tribe in respect to all offenses committed in its country against the person or property of another member of the tribe, and as not to be considered a white man committing such offenses against the person or property of an Indian, within the meaning of the acts of the Congress of the Confederate States. And all negroes and mulattoes, bond or free, committing any such offense in said country shall, in like manner, be subject to the laws of the tribe.

ART. XXVIII. The Confederate States shall have the right to establish, open, and maintain such military and other roads through any part of the Osage country as the President may deem necessary, without making any compensation for the right of way, or for the land, timber, or stone used in constructing the same; but if any other property of the tribe, or any other property or the improvements of an individual, be used or injured therein, just and adeon shall be made.

ART. XXIX. The Confederate States may grant the right of way for any railroad through any part of the said country; but the company to which any such right may be granted shall pay the tribe therefor such sum as shall, in the opinion of the President, be its fair value; and shall also pay to individuals all damages done by the building of said road to their improvements or other property to such amount in each case as commissioners appointed by the President shall determine.

ART. XXX. The agent of the Confederate States for the Osages and other bands shall prevent all intrusions by hunters and others upon

41 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

