
the lands of the Osages, and permit no white men or other Indians to settle thereon, and shall remove all such persons, calling, if necessary, upon the military power for aid; and the commanders of military posts in that country shall be required to afford him such aid upon his requisition.

ART. XXXI. If any trader or other person should purchase from any Osage any of the cattle or other chattels or articles given him by the Confederate States, he shall be severely punished.

ART. XXXII. The Great and Little Osages may allow persons of any other tribe of Indians to settle among them, and may receive from them, for their own benefit, compensation for such lands as they may sell or assign to such persons.

ART. XXXIII. No citizen or inhabitant of the Confederate States or member of any friendly nation or tribe of Indians shall pasture stock on the lands of the Osages; but all such persons shall have full liberty, at all times, and whether for business or pleasure, peaceably to travel in their country, on the roads or elsewhere, to drive their stock through the same, and to halt such reasonable time on the way as may be necessary to recruit their stock, such delay being in good faith for the purpose and for no other.

ART. XXXIV. Any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of the Confederate States, or of any State or Territory, or of any Indian nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States, escaping into the Osage country, shall be promptly taken and delivered up by the chiefs of the Osages on the demand of the proper authority of the Confederate States, or of the State, Territory, nation, or tribe within those jurisdiction the offense shall be alleged to have been committed.

ART. XXXV. In addition to the laws of the Confederate States expressly applying to the Indian country, so much of their laws as provides for the punishment of crimes amounting to felony at common law or by statute against theiy, or treaties, and over which the courts of the Confederate States have jurisdiction including the counterfeiting the coin of the United States or of the Confederate States, or any other current coin, or the securities of the Confederate States, or the uttering of such counterfeit coin or securities; and so much of said laws as provides for punishing violations of the neutrality laws, and resistance to the process of the Confederate States; and all the acts of the Provisional Congress providing for the common defense and welfare, so far as the same are not locally inapplicable; and the laws providing for the capture and delivery of fugitive slave shall be in force in the Osage country; and the district court for the Chalahki district, when established, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to try, condemn, and punish offenders against those laws, to adjudge and pronounce sentence, and cause execution thereof to be done.

ART. XXXVI. Whenever any person who is a member of the Great or Little Osage tribe shall be indicted for any offense in any court of the Confederate States, or in a State court, he shall be entitled as of common right to subpoena, and, if necessary, to compulsory process for all such witness in his behalf as his counsel may think material for his defense; and the costs of process for such witnesses, and of the service thereof, and fees and mileage of such witnesses shall be paid by the Confederate States; and whenever the accused is not able to employ counsel the court shall assign him one experiences counsel for his defense, who shall bee paid by the Confederate states a reason-

