
day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, it was agreed that from the lands ceded and relinquished by the Osages by that treaty a reservation should be made of fifty-four tracts of land of a mile square each, to be laid off under the direction of the President of the United States and sold for the purpose of raising a fund to be applied to the support of schools for the education of the Osage children, in such manner as the President might deem advisable for the attainment of that end; that fifty-four sections of land were accordingly selected and afterward sold, and the proceeds of the same amounted to $31,724. 02, which sum remains invested as follows, that is to say:

In 6 per cent. stock of the State of Missouri, $7,000;

In United States 6 per cent. loan of 1842, $24,679. 56;

And in United States 6 per cent. loan of 1847, $44. 46;

And as it will be useless for the Osages hereafter to expect anything from the justice of the United States, and the Confederate States do not desire that they should hereafter look to that quarter for any moneys, it is therefore further hereby agreed that the Confederate States will hereafter pay, annually, on the first day of January in each year, perpetually, commencing with the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, for the benefit of the Great and Little Osage tribes, the sum of $1,903. 44, being the annual interest on said sums of money so as aforesaid in U. S. stocks and stocks of the State of Missouri, at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, and will look to the State of Missouri for the payment of the principal and interest of said sum of $7,000, as invested in stocks of that State, to which sum shall be annually added, on the same day, commencing with the same year, the sum of $5,000, part of the annuity provided for in the thirty-ninth article of this treaty, and the whole shall be applied by the agent to the support and maintenance of the Osage manual-labor school, now in operation at the mission on the Neosho River, as the said interest has therefore been applied.

ART. XLI. A tract of land of the quantity of two sections, or two tracts of one section each, to be selected by the agent of the Confederate States for the Osages and other tribes, and in which or one of which the present site of the mission and its buildings is to be included, is hereby forever dedicated to the use of the Osage manual-labor school, to be under the exclusive control of those who have charge of that institution, and for its exclusive use; and not to be sold or disposed of, or applied to any other use or purpose whatsoever.

ART. XLII. All just claims and demands against the United States, of the Great Osage tribe, or of any individual or individuals thereof, not herein specified, arising or due under former treaties with the United States, are hereby assumed, and shall, after the restoration of peace, be investigated by the President, and, so far as they are found to be just, shall be paid in full by the Confederate States; and all provisions of the several treaties with the United States, made by the Osages, under which any rights or privileges were secured or guaranteed to the Great Osage tribe, or to any individual or individuals of the same, and the place whereof is not supplied by any provision of this treaty, and the same not being obsolete or no longer necessary, and so far as they are not annulled, repealed, changed, or modified by subsequent treaties or statutes, or are not so by this treaty, are hereby continued in force as if the same had been made with the Confederate States.

