
ART. XLIII. A general amnesty of all past offenses against the laws of the United States or of the Confederate States, committed before the signing of this treaty, by any member of the Great Osage tribe, as such membership is defined by this treaty, is hereby declared; and all such persons, if any, charged with any such offense shall receive from the President full and free pardon, and if imprisoned or held to bail, before or after conviction, shall be discharged.

ART. XLIV. The Confederate States of America hereby tender to the Little Osage tribe the same protection and guaranties as are hereby extended and given to the Great Osage tribe, and the other benefits offered them specifically by this treaty; and if the said Little Osage tribe shall give no aid to the onfederate States, and shall, within one year from the day of the signing of this treaty and accept and agree to all the terms and conditions of the same, then it shall, to all intents and purposes, be regarded as having been made with them originally, and they be deemed and taken to be parties thereto, as if they were now to sign the same.

ART. XLV. This convention shall be obligatory on the Great Osage tribe of Indians from the day of its date, and on the Confederate States from and after its ratification by the Senate or Provisional Congress.

In perpetual testimony whereof the said Albert Pike, as commissioner with plenary powers, on the part of the Confederate States, doth now hereunto set his hand and affix the seal of this arms; and the undersigned, chiefs and headmen of the Great Osage tribe of Indians, do hereunto set their hands and affix their seals.

This done in duplicate at the place and upon the day in the month and year first aforesaid.

[SEAL.]

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner of the Confederate States of the Indian Nations West of Arkansas.

Ka-hi-ke-tung-ka, chief of Clermont's band Great Osages; Pa-hiu-ska, chief of White Hair's band; Chi-sho-hung-ka, chief of Big Hill band; Shon-tas-sap-pe, or Black Dog, chief of Black Dog's band; Sha-pe-shing-ka, or Beaver, second chief of White Hair's band; Wash-ka-che, second chief of Clermont's band; Ta-wan-che-he, or Tall Chief, second chief of Big Hill band; Wa-ho Pe-eh, second chief of Black Dog's band; Wa-ta-en-ka, or Dry Feather, councilor of Clermont's band; Kan-se-ka-hri, councilor of Big Hill ban; Ka-hi-ke Wa-ta-en-ka, Ka-hi-ke Shing-ka, Chi-sho-wa-ta-eng-ka, E-e-shi-ka-hri, Sho-meh-kas-si, Ni-ih-ka-ki-pa-na, Sa-peh-ky-yeh, Wah-kan-ta-chi-leh, Wa-sha-shi Wa-sha-on-chi, O-shang-ke-tung-ka, Wa-a-han-na, Ha-ka-she, Wa-no-pah-she, Shing-kaka-hu-ke, Wa-che-wa-he, Na-hin-ta-pi, Ah-kih-ta-tung-ka, Ni-ka-ka-hri, Sha-a Ke-to-pa, to-ti-na-he, O-lo-ing Ka-shi, Ka-wa-si, Wa-hu-nomp-I, Wa-ak-an-chi-le, -ki-pa-hra, Tre-nom-pa-shi, A-ki-ki-sha, Wa-to-ki-ka, I-ka-sha-pe, A-no-hra-pi, Min-che-eh-na, Wa-che-na-shiu, Ma-hing-ka-he, Tan-was-shing-ka, Miink-shes-ka, To-ta-na-she, Ka-wa-ka-hii-ki, Mu-ka-ke-shing-ka, Gesso Choutau, Augustus Captain, Louis P. Chouteau, Che-e-se-tung-ka, Wa-ta-sho-we.

