
Signed, sealed, and delivered in the presence of us.

Wm. Quesenbury, secretary to the commissioner; E. Rector, k Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Confederate States, Andrew J. Dorn, agent for Osages and other tribes, Confederate States; Louis P. Chouteau, C. S. interpreter for Osages; John Drew, George M. Murrell, J. W. Washbourne, W. Warren Johnson.

(To the Indian names are subjoined marks.)

RATIFICATION.

Resolved (two-thirds of the Congress concurring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to the ratification of the articles of a convention made by Albert Pike, commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, in behalf of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Great Osage tribe of Indians, by its chiefs and headmen, who signed the same articles, of the other part, concluded at Park Hill, in the Cherokee Nation, on the second day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, with the following amendment:

In Article XXXVI, at the end of the words "or in a State court," insert the following words, 'subject to the laws of the State. "

[OCTOBER 2, 1861. -For Militia to Mallory, in regard to military affairs in Florida, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 287.]

ATLANTA, October 2, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: In response to your telegram of yesterday [September 30] I said that I would reply by letter. We have let the East Tennessee roads have the use of our cars and engines this summer, and they have abused and broken them till we shall be very hard pressed for motive power and rolling-stock to do our winter's business. If we could get material for the repair of our engines it would be possible for us to repair them and still accommodate, but much of the material necessary cannot be had in the Confederacy. If we let our engines and cars go for further use off our road we shall very soon be obliged to suspend our own business. We now have three or four of our engines in the shop badly broken up by them, and we lack material to repair. Some fifty or more of our cars are in like broken and injured condition. I regret very much that we are not in condition to accommodate, but I do not see how it is possible without endangering the success of our won road and business. I am informed that the South Carolina road, the Central road at Savannah, the Georgia road at Augusta, the Memphis and Charleston at Memphis, and the New Orleans and Jackson, all have surplus cars and engines. We have kept up the transportation for the Government over the line during the summer, and have suffered severely by it. I now ask that you call on some other of the roads to do their part. Any and all freights sent over the Southern route will

