
be promptly shipped to the extent of our capacity, and would reach Richmond as cheaply and more promptly than they do over the East Tennessee route.

I am, very truly, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

ARTICLES OF A CONVENTION entered into and concluded at Park Hill, in the Cherokee Nation, on the fourth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, their commissioner, with full powers, appointed by the President, by virtue of an act of Congress in that behalf, and the Seneca tribe of Indians, formerly known as the Senecas of Sandusky, formerly known as the Senecas and Shawnees of Lewistown, or the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, each tribe for itself by its chiefs and warriors, who have signed these articles, of the other part.

ARTICLE I. The Seneca tribe of Indians, formerly known as the Senecas of Sandusky, and the Shawnees of the tribe or confederacy of Senecas and Shawnees, formerly known as the Senecas and |Shawnees of Lewiston, or the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, and all the persons of each, do hereby place themselves under the laws and protection of the Confederate States of America, in peace and war forever, and agree to be true and loyal to them under all circumstances.

ART. II. The Confederate States of America do hereby promise and firmly engage themselves to be, during all time, the friends and protectors of the Seneca tribe of Indians, formerly known as the Senecas of Sandusky, and the Shawnees of the tribe or confederacy of Senecas and Shawnees, formerly known as the Senecas and Shawnees of Lewistown, or the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, and to secure and defend them in the enjoyment of all their rights, possessions, and property; and that they will not allow them henceforward to be in any wise troubled or molested by any power or people, State, or person whatever.

ART. III. The Confederate States of America do hereby assure and guarantee to the Seneca tribe aforesaid, and to the Senecas and Shawnees, formerly known as the Senecas and Shawnees of Lewistown, or the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees of Lewistown, or the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, in case the Senecas thereof should hereafter unite in this treaty, by a convention for that purpose made and concluded, or to the Shawnees thereof aforesaid alone, in case the saof should refuse so to unite herein, to each tribe or band, respectively, the title in fee simple, as long as each, respectively, shall exist as a nation and remain thereon, and the exclusive possession and undisturbed use, occupancy, and enjoyment, as long as grass shall grow and water run, of the country heretofore secured to each, respectively, by treaties with and patents from the United States of America, and which countries are thus described and ascertained, that is to say:

By the treaty with the Senecas of Sandusky made and concluded on the twenty-eighth day of February, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, a country was ceded and granted to that tribe, therein described as "a tract of land situate on and adjacent to the northern boundary of the lands heretofore grated to the Cherokee Nation of Indians, and adjoining the boundary of the State of Missouri, which tract shall extend fifteen miles from east to west, and seven miles from north to south, containing about 67,000 acres, be the same more or less. "

