
the Seneca tribe or by any one of the Shawnees, he shall so report to the superintendent, with a copy of the testimony, which shall for that purpose be always reduced to writing; and the superintendent shall, if satisfied from the testimony, deduct from the annuity of the tribe a sum equal to the value of the property stolen.

ART. XV. The Confederate States hereby guarantee full and fair payment to the owner of the actual and full value of all horses and other property stolen from any person or persons belonging to the Seneca tribe, or being of the Shawnees aforesaid, by any citizen of the Confederate States or by any Indian of any other nation or tribe under the (ir) protection, in case the same cannot be recovered and restored, and upon sufficient proof being made before the superintendent, or any agent of the Confederate States for any such nations or tribes, that such property was actually stolen by a citizen or citizens of the Confederate States or by an Indian or Indians of any nation or tribe under their protection.

ART. XVI. An agent for the Great and Little Osage tribes, the Quapaws, Senecas, and Senecas and Shawnees shall be appointed by the President, and an interpreter for the Seneca tribe and one for the Shawnees for their protection, and that their complaints may be heard by, and their wants made known to, the President. The agent shall reside continually in the country of one or the other of said tribes or bands, and the interpreter shall reside continually among the people for whom he is employed, and neither of them shall ever be absent from their posts, except by the permission of the superintendent.

ART. XVII. The Senecas and the Senecas and Shawnees shall hold no talks or councils with any white men or Indians without the knowledge and consent of the agent of the Confederate States. And they especially agree to attend no councils or talks in the country of any people or with the officers or agentwith whom the Confederate States are at war; and in case they do so, all the benefits secured to them by this treaty shall immediately and forever cease.

ART. XVIII. The Confederate States will not permit any improper persons to reside or to be in the country of the Senecas, or in that of the Senecas and Shawnees, but only such persons as are employed by them, their officers or agents, and trades licensed by them, who shall sell to the said Indians and buy from (them) at fair prices, under such regulations as the President shall make from time to time.

ART. XIX. No State or Territory shall ever pass laws for the government of the Seneca tribe or of the Seneca and Shawnee people; and except so far as the laws of the Confederate States are in force in their country, they shall be left free to govern themselves and to punish offenses committed by on themselves against the person or property of another: Provided, That if one of them kills another without good cause or justification he shall suffer death, but only by the sentence of the chiefs, and after a fair trial, all private revenge being strictly forbidden.

ART. XX. Every white man who marries or has married a woman of the Senecas or of the Shawnees and resides in the Seneca or Seneca and Shawnee country, respectively, shall be deemed and taken, even after the death of his wife, to be a member of the tribe in which he marries or has married, so far as to be subject to its laws in respect to all offenses committed in its country against the person or property of another member of the tribe and as not to be considered

