
the neutrality law, and resistance to the process of the Confederate States; and all the acts of the Provisional Congress providing for the common defense and welfare, so far as the same are not locally inapplicable; and the laws providing for the capture and delivery of fugitive slaves, shall be in force in the Seneca and the Seneca and Shawnee country; and the district court for the Chalahki district, when established, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to try, condemn, and punish offenders, against those laws, to adjudge and pronounce sentence, and cause execution thereof to be done.

ART. XXVII. Whenever any person, who is a member of the Seneca or Seneca and Shawnee tribe, shall be indicted for any offense in any court of the Confederate States, or in a State court, he shall be entitled, as of common right, to subpoena, and if necessary, to compulsory process for all such witnesses in his behalf as his counsel may think material for his defense; and the costs of process for such witnesses and of the service thereof, and mileage of such witnesses shall be paid by the Confederate States; and whenever the accused is not able to employ counsel the court shall assign him one experienced counsel for his defense, who shall be paid by the Confederate States a reasonable compensation for his services, to be fixed by the court and paid upon the certificate of the judge.

ART. XXVIII. It is hereby declared and agreed that the institution of slavery in the said Seneca and Seneca and Shawnee tribes is legal, and has existed from time immemorial; that slaves are personal property; that the title to slaves and other property having its origin in either of the said tribes os to be determined by the laws and customs thereof; and that the slaves and personal property of every person domictry of either of said tribes shall pass and be distributed at his or her death on accordance with the laws, usages, and customs of the said tribes, which may be proved by oral evidence, and shall everywhere be held valid and binding within the scope of their operations. And if any slaves escape from either of the said tribes, the laws of the Confederate States for the capture and delivery of fugitive slaves shall apply to such cases, whether they escape into a State or territory, or into any Indian nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States; the obligation upon each such State, Territory, nation, or tribe to deliver up the same being, in every case, as complete as if they had escaped from a State, and the mode of procedure the same.

ART. XXIX. The Seneca tribe and the Shawnees of the Seneca and Shawnee tribe hereby make themselves parties to the existing war between the Confederate States and the United States of America, as the allies and wards of the former; and, in consideration of the protection guaranteed by this treaty, and of their common interests, hereby agree to aid in defending their country against any invasion thereof by the common enemy; and it is agreed that all warriors furnished by them for the service of the Confederate States, and which shall be mustered into that service, shall receive the same pay and allowances as other troops of the same class therein, and remain in the service as long as the President shall require.

ART. XXX. It is further agreed and ascertained, by and between the Confederate States and the said Seneca tribe of Indians, formerly known as the Senecas of Sandusky, that the United States of America were, while the several States of the Confederacy were members of the same, and still remain indebted to the said Seneca tribe, and had and

