
still have in their hands moneys in trust for the said tribes, as follows, that is to say:

By the fourth article of the treaty made with the Wyandot, Seneca, and other tribes of Indians, on the twenty-ninth day of September, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the United States agreed and bound themselves to pay annually, forever, to the Seneca tribe, the sum of $500, in specie, at Lower Sandusky;

By the fourth article of the treaty made the seventeenth day of September, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, with the Wyandot, Seneca, Shawnee, and Ottawa tribes of Indians, the United States agreed and bound themselves to pay to the Senecas of Sandusky and additional annuity of $500 forever;

By the eighth article of the treaty with the Seneca tribe of Sandusky, made on the twenty-eighth day of February, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the United States agreed to sell the land thereby ceded to them by the said tribe, by that treaty; and it was that, after certain deductions therefrom to be made, as therein specified, any balance that might remain of the proceeds of sale of such lands should constitute a fund for the future exigencies of the tribe, on which the United States would pay to the chiefs of the tribe, for the use and general benefit of the tribe, annually, 5 per cent, as annuity, which sales being accordingly effected, the fund thus created amounted to $5,000, which was invested by the United States, and yet remains invested, in 5 per cent, stock of the State of Kentucky, now held by the United States.

It is further hereby agreed and ascertained, by and between, the Confederate States and the Shawnees, of the said Senecas and Shawnees of Lewistown, that the United States of America were, while the several States of the Confederacy were members of the same, and still remain, indebted to the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, and had and still have in their hands moneys in trust for the said tribe, as follows, that is to say:

By the fourth article of the treaty made with the Wyandot, Seneca, Shawnee, and Ottawa tribes on the seventeenth day of September, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the United States agreed and bound themselves to pay "to the Shawnees and to the Senecas of Lewistown" an additional annuity of $1,000 forever;

By the eighth article of the treaty made with the mixed band of Seneca and Shawnee Indians residing at and around Lewistown, in the State of Ohio, on the twentieth day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the United States agreed to sell the lands ceded to them by the Senecas and Shawnees by that treaty; and it was also agreed that, after certain deductions, therein provided for, any balance of the proceeds of such lands that might remain should constitute a fund for the future necessities of the tribes, on which the United States would pay the chief, for the use and general benefit of the said tribes, annually, 5 per cent, as an annuity, which sales being accordingly effected, the fund thus created amounted to $16,466. 10, which was invested by the United States, and yet remains invested, as follows, that is to say:

Six thousand dollars in 5 per cent, stock of the State of Kentucky; Seven thousand dollars in 5 1/2 per cent, stock of the State of Missouri;

Three thousand dollars in 6 per cent. stock of the State of Missouri;

And $466. 10 in the United States 6 per cent. loan of the year 1847;

Which stocks are held by the United States, and the annual interest thereon amounted to the sum of $892. 96.

