
In testimony whereof the said Albert Pike, as commissioner with plenary powers, on the part of the Confederate States, doth now hereunto set his hand and affix the seal of his arms; and the undersigned, chiefs and headmen of the Seneca tribe of Indians, and of the Shawnees of the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, do hereunto set their hands and affix their seals.

This done induplicate at the place and upon the day in the month and year first aforesaid.

[SEAL.]

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian Nations West of Arkansas.

Little Town Spicer, principal chief of Seneca tribe; Small Cloud Spicer, second chief of Seneca tribe; Moses Crow, councilor of Seneca tribe; John Much, councilor of Seneca tribe; George Spicer, councilor of Seneca tribe; John Smith, James King, Isaac Warior, Jim Big-Bone, Buck Armstrong, Jo Crow, David Smith, George Keron, C. S. interpret for the Seneca tribe (warriors of the Seneca tribe); Lewis Davis, principal chief of the Senecas and Shawnees; Joseph Mohawk, second chief of the Shawnees; John Tomahawk; White Deer, councilor of the Shawnees; Silas Dougherty, councilor of the Shawnees; William Barbee, C. S. interpret for the Shawnees.

Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of us.

Wm. Quesenbury, secretary to the commissioner; E. Rector, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Confederate States; Andrew J. dorn, C. S. agent for Osages, Senecas, &amp;c. ; W. Warren Johnson, Luther H. Pike, J. W. Washbourne.

(To the Indian names are subjoined marks.)

RATIFICATION.

Resolved (two thirds of Congress concuring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to the ratification of the articles of a convention made by Albert Pike, commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, in behalf of the Confederate States of the one part, and the Seneca tribe of Indians, formerly known as the Senecas of Sandusky, and the Shawnees of the tribe or confederacy of Senecas and Shawnees, formerly known as the Senecas and Shawnees of Lewistown, or the mixed bands of Senecas and Shawnees, each tribe for itself, by the chiefs and warriors who signed the same articles, of the other part, concluded at Park Hill, in the Cherokee Nation, on the fourth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, with the following amendment:

In Article XXVII, at the end of the words "or in a State court," add the following words, 'subject to the laws of the State. "

NOTE. - The amendment was agreed to and ratified by the Senecas and Shawnees as a part of the treaty.

