
and those of quartermaster-general also with the duties of adjutant-general, render the total duties too onerous for a single officer to perform, were he able to perform them, which is impossible from their variety. The duties of quartermaster, at this time being sufficient for one officer to perform, render it impossible for the duties of adjutant-general to be discharged properly, which are equally as important; and the duty of inspector-general of volunteers while this duty is being performed renders it impossible to transact the business of either of the other offices. I therefore recommend that a clerk be allowed this office and that the duties of quartermaster devolve upon the proper officer for such compensation as the Legislature may see fit to allow.

The law requiring the adjutant-general to inspect the various volunteer companies throughout the State once in two years has been but partially complied with, owing to protracted illness occasioned in the prosecution of these duties. Only four companies were inspected, to wit, Port Gibson Riflemen, Adams Light Guard Battalion (Natchez), Volunteer Southrons, and Vicksburg Sharpshooters (Warren). Orders were issued for the inspection of the Quitman Guards, at Holmesville, Pike County; Gainesville Volunteers, Hancock County; Biloxi rifle Guards, in Harrison County; Quitman Light Infantry, in Noxubee County; Noxubee Riflemen, at Macon, and Columbus Riflemen, Columbus; and other orders would have been issued but for the cause above mentioned.

In regard to the companies inspected, will remark that each manifested much zeal and military proficiency, the captains being officers of military bearing, &amp;c. I would recommend to the captains of volunteer companies a regular system of instruction. For infantry, the school of the company to the school of the soldier and continuing through the school of the trooper, &c. ; for the artillery, light artillery tactics. Owing to the probability of a war between the two sections of the country, I would recommend to the companies who expect to engage in it a thorough system of drilling and practice in the advance in line of battle, "for the history of the application of modern tactics in battle gives the lesson that courage is dependent upon instruction. " The existing military law, with some alterations, while it would meet the exigencies of the volunteer corps in time of peace, is wholly unadapted to the field in time of war, for while it allows the captain commanding the division to order parades, encampments, &c., it does not authorize the commander-in-chief to call them into service except in the state, and there being no probability of any necessity for their services in the State they cannot be called to assist another State. Such being the case, I suggest the propriety of making no further distribution of arms until some other arrangements better adapted federacy is formed and active hostilities are commenced between the South and the North, that the military organizations that are formed for the service be organized irrespective of the existing law, and with strict conformity to military law, the company composed of 100 men being the basis of organization.

The Legislature of 1858 passed an act appropriating the sum of $125 to volunteer companies of infantry and $150 to cavalry after the performance of certain duties. Under this appropriation has been drawn the following amounts, viz:

Quitman Light Infantry. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $125

Quitman Guards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 125

