
part of the said country; and the President of the Confederate States will cause the said tribe to be protected against all molestation or disturbance at the hands of any other tribe or nation of Indians, or of any other person or persons whatever; and shall have the same care and superintendence over them as was heretofore had by the President of the United States.

ART. VIII. The members of the said Quapaw tribe of Indians shall have the right henceforward of hunting and killing game in all the unoccupied country west of the possessions of the Cherokees, Seminoles, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, without molestation from any quarter, being while so engaged therein, under the protection of the Confederate States.

ART. IX. There shall be perpetual peace and brotherhood between the Quapaw tribe of Indians and the Osages, Senecas, Senecas and Shawnees, Mus-ko-kis, Seminoles, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, and the Pen-e-tegh-ca, No-co-ni, Ta-ne-I-weh, Ya-pa-rih-ca, and Co-cho-tih-ca bands of the Ne-um or Comanches; and every injury or act of hostility which either has heretofore sustained or met with at the hands of the other shall be forgiven and forgotten.

ART. X. The Quapaw tribe of Indians and the said several other nations, tribes, and bands shall henceforth be good neighbors to each other, and there shall be a force and friendly intercourse among them. And it is hereby agreed by the said Quapaw tribe, as has already been agreed by all the others, that the horses, and other stock and property of each nation, tribe, or hand, and of every person of each, is his or its own; and that no person belonging to the Quapaw tribe shall or will hereafter kill, take away, or injure any such property of another tribe or hand, or of any member of any other tribe or band, or in any other way do them any harm.

ART. XI. Especially there shall be perpetual peace and friendship between said Quapaw tribe and the Osage, Senecas, Senecas and Shawnees, Cherokees, Mus-ko-kis, Seminoles, Choctaws, and Chickasaws; and the chiefs and headman of the said Quapaw tribe shall do all in their power to take and restore any negroes, horses, or other property stolen from white men or from persons belonging to either of said nations and tribes, and to catch and give up any persons among them who may kill or steal or do may other evil act.

Art. XII. In order that the friendship now established between the said Quapaw tribe of Indians and the Confederate States and the other Indian nations, tribes, and bands aforesaid may not be interrupted by the misconduct of individuals or bands of individuals, it is hereby agreed that for injures done by individuals no private revenge or retaliation shall take place, but instead thereof complaint shall be made by the said Quapaw tribe of Indians, when any individual thereof is injured, to the agent of the Confederate States for the Osages and other tribes, who shall investigate the compliant, and if he finds it well founded shall report the same to the superintendent, who shall cause the wrong to be redressed and the person doing [it] to be arrested, whether he be a white man of an Indian; and he or they shall be tried for the same agreeably to the laws of the Confederate States or of the State or Territory against which he may have offended, and be punished in the same manner and with the same severity as if the injury had been done to a white man. And it is also agreed

