
that if any member of the Quapaw tribe shall do any injury to the person or properly of any white man, or of a member of any other nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States, the offender shall be given up to the agent upon compliant made to him, and on his demand the wrong shall be redressed by him, and the offered be tried for the offense agreeably to the laws of the Confederate States, or of the State, Territory, or nation against which he may [have] offended: Provided, That he shall be punishenner nor with any greater severity than a citizen of the Confederate States or of such State, Territory, or nation would be if he had committed the same offense.

ART. XIII. It is hereby further agreed that the chiefs of the Quapaw tribe shall use every exertion in their power to recover any horses or other property that may be stolen from any citizen of the Confederate States, or from any member of any other Indian nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States, by any person or persons whatever, and found within the limits of their country; and the property so recovered shall be forthwith delivered to the owner or to the agent to be restored to him. If any case the right to the property claimed is contested by the person in possession, the agent shall summarily investigate the case, and, upon hearing the testimony of witness, shall decide the right to the property, and order it to be detained or delivered up accordingly. Either party may appeal from his decision to the superintendent, whose decision shall be final in all cases, the property in the meantime remaining in the custody of the agent. If any case the exertions of the chiefs to cause the restoration of stolen property prove ineffectual, and the agent is satisfied from the testimony that it was actually stolen, or received with knowledge of its being stolen, by any person belonging to the Quapaw tribe, he shall so report to the superintendent, with a copy of the testimony, which shall, for that purpose, be always reduced to writing; and the superintendent shall, if satisfied from the testimony, deduct from the annuity of the tribe a sum equal to the value of the property stolen.

ART. XIV. The Confederate States hereby guarantee full and fair payment to the owner of the actual and full value of all horses and other property stolen from any person or persons belonging to the Quapaw tribe by any citizen of the Confederate States, or by any Indian of any Other nation or tribe under their protection, in case the same cad and restored, and upon sufficient proof being made before the superintendent, or any agent of the Confederate States for any such nations or tribes, that such property was actually stolen by a citizen or citizens of the Confederate States, or by an Indian or Indians of any nation or tribe under their protection.

ART. XV. An agent for the Great and Little Osage tribes, the Quapaws, Senecas, and Senecas and Shawnees shall be appointed by the President, and an interpreter for the Quapaw tribe for their protection, and that their complaints may be heard by, and their wants made known to, the President. The agent shall reside continually in the country of one or the other of said tribes or hands, and the interpreter shall reside continually amongst the Quapaws, and neither of them shall ever be absent from their posts, except by permission of the superintendent.

ART. XVI. None of the braves of the Quapaw tribe shall go upon the warpath against any enemy whatever, except with the consent of the agent, or unless it be to pursue hostile bands of white men or Indians entering their country and committing murder, robbery, or

