
other outrage, when immediate pursuit is necessary; nor shall hold any talks or councils with any white men or Indians without his knowledge and consent. And they especially agree to attend no councils or talks in the country of any people with whom the Confederate States are at war; and in case they do so, all the benefits secured to them by this treaty shall immediately and forever cease.

ART. XVII. The Confederate States will not permit any improper person to reside or be in the Quapaw country, but only such persons as are employed by them, their officers, or agents, and traders, licensed by them, who shall sell to the Quapaws and buy from them at fair prices, under such regulations as the President shall make from time to time.

ART. XVIII. No State or Territory shall ever pass laws for the government of the Quapaw people, and, except so far as the laws of the Confederate States are in force on their country, their shall be left free to governor themselves and to punish offenses committed by one of themselves against the person or property of another: Provided, That if one of them kills another without good cause or justification he shall suffer death, but only by the sentence of the chiefs, and after a fair trial, all private revenge being strictly forbidden.

ART. XIX. Every white man who marries a woman of the Quapaws and resides in the Quapaw country shall be deemed and taken, even after the death of his wife, to be a Quapaw and a member of the tribe so far as to be subject to its laws in respect to all offenses committed in its country against the person or property of another member of his tribe, and as not to be considered a white man committing such offense against the person or property of an Indian within the meaning of the acts of the Congress of the Confederate States; and all negroes or mulattoes, bond or free, committing any such offense in said country shall in like manner be subject to the laws of the tribe.

ART. XX. Thetes shall have the right to establish, open, and maintain such military and other roads through any part of the Quapaw country as the President may deem necessary without making any compensation for the right of way or for the land, timber, or stone used in constructing the same; but if any other property of the tribe or any other property or the improvements of an individual be used or injured therein, just and adequate compensation shall be made.

ART. XXI. The Confederate State my grant the right of way for any railroad through any part of the Quapaw country; but the company to which any such right may be granted shall pay to the tribe therefor such sum as shall, in the opinion of the President, be its fair value, and shall also pay to individual all damages done by the building of said road to their improvements or other property, to such amount in each case as commissioners appointed by the President shall determine.

ART. XXII. The agent of the Confederate States for the Osages and other tribes shall prevent all instructions by hunters and others upon the lands of the Quapaws, and permit no white men or other Indians to settle thereon, and shall remove all such persons, calling, if necessary, upon the military power for aid; and the commanders of military posts in that or the adjoining country shall be required to afford him such aid upon his requisition.

ART. XXIII. The Quapaws may allow person of any other tribe of Indians to settle among them, and may received from them, for their

