
own benefit, compensation for such lands as they may sell or assign to such persons.

ART. XXIV. No citizens or inhabitant of the Confederate States or member of any friendly nation or tribe of Indians shall pasture stock on the lands of the Quapaws; but all such persons shall have full liberty at all times, and whether for business or pleasure, peaceably to travel in their country, on the roads or elsewhere, to rive their stock throd to halt such reasonable time on the way as may be necessary to recruit their stock, such delay being in good faith for that purpose and no other.

ART. XXV. Any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of the Confederate States, or of any States or Territory, or of any Indian nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States, escaping into the Quapaw country, shall be promptly taken and delivered up by the chiefs of the Quapaws, on the demand of the proper authority of the Confederate States, or of the State, Territory, nation, or tribe within whose jurisdiction the offense shall be alleged to have been committed.

ART. XXVI. In addition to the laws of the Confederate States expressly applying to the Indian country, so much of their laws as provides for the punishment of crimes amounting to felony at common law, or by statute against their laws, authority, or treaties, and over which the courts of the Confederate States have jurisdiction, including the counterfeiting the coin of the United States or of the Confederate States, or any other current coin, or the securities of the Confederate States, or the uttering os such counterfeit coin or securities; and so much of said laws as provides for punishing violations of the neutrality laws, and resistance to the process of the Confederate States; and all the acts of the Provisional Congress providing for the common defense and welfare, so far as the same are not locally inapplicable, and the laws providing for the capture and delivery of fugitive slaves, shall be in force in the Quapaw country; and the district court for Outcast district, when established, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to try, condemn, and punish offenders against those laws, to adjudge and pronounce sentence, and cause execution thereof to be one.

ART. XXVII. Whenever any person who is a member of the Quapaw tribe shall be indicted for any offense in any court of the Confederate States, or in a State court, he shall be entitled, as of csubpoena and, if necessary, to compulsory process for all such witness in his behalf as his counsel may think material for his defense; and the costs of process for such witnesses, and of the service thereof, and fees and mileage of such witnesses, shall be paid by the Confederate States; and whenever the accused is not able to employ counsel, the court shall assign him one experienced counsel for his defense, who shall be paid by the Confederate States a reasonable compensation for his service, to be fixed by the court and paid upon the certificate of the judge.

ART. XXVIII. It is hereby declared and agreed that the institution of slavery in the said Quapaw tribe is legal, and has existed from time immemorial; that slaves are personal property; that the little to slaves and other property having its origin in the said tribe is to be determined by the laws and customs thereof, and that the slaves and personal property of every person domiclined in the country of said tribe shall pass and be distributed at his or her death in accordance with

