
the laws, usages, and customs of the said tribe, which may be proved by oral evidence, and shall everywhere be held valid and binding within the scope of their operation. And if any slave escape from said tribe, the laws of the Confederate States for the capture and delivery of fugitive slaves shall apply to such cases, whether they escape into a State or Territory or into any Indian nation or tribe under the protection of the Confederate States, the obligation upon each States, Territory, nation, or tribe to deliver up the same being in every case as complete as if they has escaped from a State, and the mode of procedure the same.

ART. XXIX. The Quapaw tribe of Indians hereby makes itself a party to the existing war between the Confederate States and the United States of America, as the ally and ward of the former; and, in consideration of the protection guaranteed by this treaty, and of their cohereby agrees to aid in defeating its country against any invasion thereof by the common enemy; and it is agreed that all warriors furnished by it for the service of the Confederate States, and which shall be mustered into that service, shall receive the same pay and allowances as other troops of the same class therein, and remain in the service as long as the President shall require.

ART. XXX. The Confederate States hereby agree to furnish each warrior of the Quapaw tribe, who has not a gun, with a good rifle, and also to furnish each warrior a sufficient supply of ammunition during the war.

ART. XXXI. The Confederate States will also furnish the Quapaws, at a proper place, with such medicines as may be necessary, and will employ a physician for them and for the Senecas, and Senecas and Shawnees, who shall reside at a convenient place in the country of one or the other tribe, during the pleasure of the President; and any physician employed shall be discharged by the superintendent, and another be employed in his place, in case of incompetency or inattention to his duties.

ART. XXXII. In consideration of the uniform loyalty and good conduct of the Quapaw tribe, and of their necessities, arising from the sale by them of their lands in Arkansas for a grossly inadequate price, by the treaty of the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, the Confederate States hereby agree to expend for the benefit of the Quapaws, in each year, for and during the term of twenty years from the day of the singing of this treaty, commencing with the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, the sum of $2,000, which shall be applied each year by the superintendent to the purchase of articles costing that sum at the place of purchase in the Confederate States, to consist of blankets, clothing, tobacco, household and kitchen furniture and utensils, and other articles of ease and comfort for the Quapaws, which shall be distributed among them by the agent, as equally as possible, regard being had in the distribution to the character for industry or idleness, and good or bad conduct, on the part of the recipient, as well as the necessities of each, so that the good and needy shall be preferred, and in determining which the agent shall pay due respect to the opinions and judgment of the chiefs.

ART. XXXIII. The Confederate States also agree to employ a blacksmith for the Quapaws for and during the term of twenty years from the date of this treaty, and an assistant, who shall be one of the Quapaw people, and receive a compensation of $250 per annum; and they will also furnish the blacksmith with a dwelling-house, shop, and

