
tools, and supply the stop with coal and with 600 pounds of iron and 100 pounds of steel annually.

ART. XXXIV. The Confederate States will also employ one wagon-maker and wheelwright for the Quapaws for and during the term of twenty years from the date of this treaty, and furnish him with a dwelling-house, shops, tools, and the necessary materials.

ART. XXXV. The Confederate States hereby agreed to built and put un running order for the Quapaws, at some suitable point in their country, to be selected by the agent, a good grist and saw mill, and to deliver the same when completed to the Quapaw people, whose absolute property it shall at once become. And the Confederate States will also employ for the term of ten years an experienced miller for each mill, to be selected, if possible, from among the Quapaws, and if such millers, can be had at a compensation not exceeding $600 per annum for each.

ART. XXXVI. The Confederate States also further agreed to purchase for the Quapaws four good wagons and harness for four horses for each wagon, ten yoke oxen, and ten sets of horse gear complete, to be delivered to the chiefs, and used for the general benefit of their people.

ART. XXXVII. The Confederate States also further agree perpetually to pay regularly and annually hereafter the sum of $1,000 for education of their children, provided by the treaty of the thirteenth day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and also to add to that sum in each and every year the further sum of $1,500, which sums shall be payable on the first day of January in each year, commencing with the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and shall be applied by the agent to the education of Quapaw children and youths in the Osage manual-labor school, until an institution of learning can be, with the aid of this perpetual fund, established in the country of the Quapaws.

ART. XXXVIII. Inasmuch as the Quapaws have no fund out of which to pay the salaries of their chiefs, or the expenses of their government, the Confederate States further agree to pay to each of the present chiefs, Wat-to-shi-nek Kat-eh-de, the first chief, Ka-hi-keh-toh-te, the second chief, for each year, and during his natural life, an annuity of $100 in money per annum, payable on the first day of January in each year, commencing with the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

ART. XXXIX. If any trader or other person should purchase from any Quapaw any of the chattels or articles given him by the Confederate States, he shall be slavery punished.

ART. XL. A general amnesty of all past offenses against the laws of the United States or of the Confederate States, committed before the singing of this treaty by any member of the Quapaw tribe, as such membership is definite in this treaty, is hereby declared; and all such person, if any, charged with such offense shall receive from the President full and free pardon, and if imprisoned or held to bail, before or after conviction, shall be discharged.

ART. XLI. This convention shall be obligatory on the Quapaw tribe of Indians from the day of its date, and on the Confederate States from and after its ratification by the Senate or Provisional Congress.

In perpetual testimony whereof the said Albert Pike, as commissioner with plenary powers, on the part of the Confederate States, doth now hereunto set his hand and affix the seal of his arms; and the

