
undersigned, chiefs and headmen of the Quapaw tribe of Indians, do hereunto set their hands and affix their seals.

This done in duplicate at the place and upon the day in the year first aforesaid.

[SEAL.]

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian Nations West of Arkansas.

Wat-to-shi-nek Kat-eh-de, principal chief of the Quapaws; George Lane, Elijah H. Fields, Not-tet-tu, Ka-ni, Mos-ka-zi-ka, A-hi-sut-ta, Nik-kat-toh, Mo-zek-ka-ne, S. G. Wallar, R. P. Lombard.

Signed, sealed, and delivered in the presence of us.

Wm. Quesenbury, secretary to the commissioner; E. Rector, Superintendent Indian Affairs, Confederate States; Andrew J. Dorn, C. S. agent for the Quapaws, &amp;c. ; W. Warren Johnson, R. H. Bean, J. W. Washbourne.

(To the Indian names are subjoined marks.)

RATIFICATION.

Resolved (two thirds of the Congress concurring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to the ratification of the articles of a convention, made by Albert Pike, commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, of the one part, and the Quapaw tribe of Indians, but its chiefs and warriors, who signed the same articles, of the other part, concluded at Park Hill, in the Cherokee Nation, on the fourth day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, with the following amendment:

Strike out from Article XXVII the following words, "or in a State court," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "or in s State court, subject to the laws of the State. "

NOTE. - The amendment was agreed to and ratified by the Quapaws as a part of the treaty.

ATLANTA, October 4, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

Have given to you and Major Ashe reason why I cannot spare cars and engines from State road. He writes from Chattanooga that he has orders to impress them. I presume he has not received your countermanding order. I hope you will telegraph him, as I shall certainly resist the impressment by military force if necessary. The Southern route, only a few hours longer, will carry promptly to extent of our capacity all freight sent, but will not suspend the working of our own road to enable another line to carry all the freight.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

