
to resist, while I had unarmed men under my command and arms in abundance boxed up in a warehouse near by, I never could have justified myself before any tribunal, military, civil, or social.

In the trying and almost unaided position in which I am placed, pardon me for saying that it is truly painful to have it intimated by the Department that I have utterly misconceived my powers and duties and, indeed, that I am ignorant of the first principles of organization; that the Department "acts through its appropriate bureaus. " I hoped that an early military education, followed by some experience in the military service of my country, would have protected me, even after many years spent in civil life, from official suggestions so mortifying to many pride. While I hold a commission those in authority over me have only to command and I obeyy conduct, when left without instructions, deserves to be characterized by the Department as it has been through your letter of the 29th of September, I respectfully ask that the facts may be ascertained and passed upon by a military tribunal.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 6, 1861.

H. W. SHEFFEY, Esq.,

Staunton, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of October 1 in regard to the project of Mr. Crawford and other "bold and daring spirits," I can only say that privateering is of necessity, by the laws of Congress as well as of nations, confined to the high seas, and this service is, moreover, not under the charge of this Department.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

A TREATY of friendship and alliance made and concluded at Talhequah, in the Cherokee Nation, on the seventh day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, between the Confederate States of America, by Albert Pike, commissioner with plenary powers, of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Cherokee Nation of Indians, by John Ross, the principal chief, Joseph Verner, assistant principal chief, James Brown, John Drew, and William P. Ross, executive councilors, constituting, with the principal and assistant principal chiefs, the executive council of the nation, and authorized to enter into this treaty by a general convention of the Cherokee people, held at Tahlequah, the seat of government of the Cherokee Nation, on the twenty-first day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; together with Lewis Ross, Thomas Pegg, and Richard Fields, commissioners selected and appointed by the principal chief with the advice and consent of the executive council to assist in negotiating the same, of the other part.

The Congress of the Confederate State of America, having by an "Act for the protection of certain Indian tribes," approved the twenty-first day of May, A. D. one thousand eighth hundred and sixty-one, offered to assume and accept the protectorate of the several nations and tribes of Indians occupying the country west of Arkansas and Missouri, and to recognize them as their wards, subject to all the

