
thence east along the northern boundary of Creek lands, two hundred and seventy-three miles fifty-five chains and sixty-six links, to the beginning, containing within the survey 13,547,135. 14 acres.

ART. V. The Cherokee Nation hereby gives its full, free, and unqualified assent to those provisions of the act of Congress of the Confederate States of America entitled "An act for the protection of certain Indian tribes," approved the twenty-fourth day of May, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, whereby it was declared that all reversionary and other interest, right, title, and proprietorship of the United States in, unto, and over the Indian country, in which that of the said Cherokee Nation is included, should pass to and vest in the Confederate States; and whereby the President of the Confederate States was authorized to take military possession and occupation of all said country; and whereby all the laws of the United States, with the exception thereinafter made, applicable to and in force in said country, and not inconsistent with the letter or spirit of any treaty stipulations entered into with the Cherokee Nation, were enacted, continued in force, and declared to be in force in said country as laws and statutes of the Confederate States: Provided, however, And it is hereby agreed between the said parties that whatever in the said laws of the United States contained is or may be contrary to or inconsistent with any article or provision of this treaty is to be of none effect henceforward, and shall, upon the ratification hereof, be deemed and taken to have been repealed and annulled as of the present date, and this assent, as thus qualified and conditioned, shall relate to and be taken to have been given upon the said day of the approval of the said act of Congress.

ART. VI. The Confederate States of America do hereby solemnly guarantee to the Cherokee Nation, to be held by it to its own use and behoof in fee simple forever, the lands included within the boundaries defined in Article IV of this treaty; to be held by the people of the Cherokee Nation in common as they have heretofore been held, if the said nation shall so please, but with power of making partition thereof and dispositions of parcels of the same by virtue of laws of said nation duly enacted, and approved by a majority of the Cherokee people in general convention assembled; by which partition or sale title if fee simple absolute shall vest in parceners and purchasers whenever it shall please said nation, will and accord and without solicitation from any quarter, to do so; which solicitation the Confederate States hereby solemnly agree never to use; and the title and tenure hereby guaranteed to the said nation is and shall be subject to no other restrictions, reservations, or conditions whatever than such as are hereinafter specially expressed.

ART. VII. None of the lands hereby guaranteed to the Cherokee Nation shall be sold, ceded, or otherwise disposed of to any foreign nation or to any State or government whatever; and in case any such sale, cession, or disposition should be made without the consent of the Confederate States, all the said lands shall thereupon revert to the Confederate States.

ART. VIII. The Confederate States of America do hereby solemnly agree and bind themselves that no State or Territory shall ever pass laws for the government of the Cherokee Nation; and that no portion of the lands guaranteed to it shall ever be embraced or included within or annexed to any Territory or province; nor shall any attempt ever be made, except upon the free, voluntary, and unsolicited application of said nation, to erect its said country, by itself or within any

