
other, into a State or any other territorial or political organization, or to incorporate it into any State previously created.

ART. IX. All navigable streams of the Confederate States and of the Indian country shall be free to the people of the Cherokee Nation, who shall pay no higher toll or tonnage duty or other duty than the citizens of the Confederate States; and the citizens of that nation living upon the Arkansas River shall have, possess, and enjoy upon that river the same ferry privileges, to the same extent in all respects, as citizens of the Confederate States on the opposite side thereof, subject to on other or a different tax or charge than they.

ART. X. The Cherokee Nation may be act of its legislative authorities receive and incorporate in the nathereof, or permit to reside and settle upon the national lands, such Indians of any other nation or tribe as to it may seem good; and may sell them portions of its land, and receive to its own use the consideration therefor; and the nation alone shall determine who are members and citizens of the nation entitled to vote at elections and share in annuities: Provided, That when person of another Indian nation or tribe shall once have been received as members of the nation, they shall not be disfranchised or subjected to any other restrictions upon the right of voting than such as shall apply to the Cherokees themselves. But no Indians not settled in the Cherokee country shall be permitted to come therein to reside without the consent and permission of the legislative authority of the nation.

ART. XI. So far as may be compatible with the Constitution of the Confederate States and with the laws made, enacted, or adopted in conformity thereto, regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, as the same are modified by this treaty, the Cherokee Nation shall possess the otherwise unrestricted right of self-government and full jurisdiction, judicial and otherwise, over persons and property within its limits, excepting only such white persons as are not by birth, adoption, or otherwise members of the Cherokee Nation; and that there may be no doubt as to the meaning of this exception, it is hereby declared that every white person who, having married a Cherokee woman, resides in said Cherokee country, or who, without intermarrying, is permanently domiciled therein with the consent of the authorities of the nation, and votes at elections, is to be deemed and taken to be a member of the said nation within the true intent and meaning of this article; and that the exception contained in the laws for the punishment of offenses committed in the Indian country, to the effect that they shall not extend or apply to offenses committed by one Indian against the person or property of another Indian, shall be so extended and enlarged by virtue of this article, when ratified and apply to any offense committed by any Indian, or negro, or mulatto, or by any white person, so by birth, adoption, or otherwise a member of the Cherokee Nation, against the person or property of any Indian, negro, or mulatto, or any such white person, when the same shall be committed within the limits of the said Cherokee Nation as hereinbefore defined; but all such persons shall be subject to the laws of the Cherokee Nation, and to prosecution and trial before its tribunals, and punishment according to such laws, in all respects like native members of the said nation.

ART. XII. All persons not members of the Cherokee Nation, as such membership is hereinbefore defined, who may be found in the

43 R R - SERIES IV, VOL I

