
consulted as to the person to be appointed to fill the same, and no one shall be appointed against whom they in good faith protest, and the agent may be removed on petition and formal charges preferred by the constituted authorities of the nation, the Presidend, upon full investigation, that there is sufficient cause for such removal.

ART. XVII. The Confederate States shall protect the Cherokees from hostile invasion and from aggression by other Indians and white persons not subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the Cherokee Nation; and for all injures resulting from such invasion or aggression full indemnity is hereby guaranteed to the party or parties injured, out of the Treasury of the Confederate States, upon the same principle and according to the same rules upon which white persons are entitled to indemnity for injures or aggressions upon them committed by Indians.

ART. XVIII. It is further agreed between the parties that the agent of the Confederate States, upon the application of the authorities of the Cherokee Nation, will not only resort to every proper legal remedy, at the expense of the Confederate States, to prevent intrusion upon the lands of the Cherokees and to remove dangerous or improper persons, but he shall upon the military power of necessary; and to that end all commanders of military posts in the said country shall be required and directed to afford him, upon his requisition, whatever aid may be necessary to effect the purposes of this article.

ART. XIX. I any property of any Cherokees be taken by citizens of the Confederate States by stealth or force, the agent, on compliant made to him in due form by affidavit, shall use all proper legal means and remedies in any State where the offender may be found to regain the property or compel a just remuneration, and on failure to procure redress payment shall be made for the loss sustained by the Confederate States upon the report of the agent, who shall have power to take testimony and examine witnesses in regard to the wrong done and the extent of the injury.

ART. XX. No person shall be licensed to trade with the Cherokees except by the agent and with the advice and consent of the National Council. Every such trader shall execute bond to the Confederate States in such form and manner as was required by the United States, or as may be required by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The authorities of the Cherokee Nation may, by a general law, duly enacted, levy and collected on all licensed traders in the nation a tax of not more than one-half of 1 per cent. on all goods wares, and merchandise brought by the into the Cherokee country for sale, to be collected whenever such goods, wares, and merchandise are introduced, and estimated upon the first cost of the same at the place of purchase, as the same shall be shown by the copies of the invoices filed with the agent. No appeal shall hereafter lie from the decision of the agent or council refusing a license to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or elsewhere, except only to the superintendent in case of a refusal by the agent. And no license shall be required to authorize any member of the Cherokee Nation to trade in the Cherokee country, nor to authorize any person to sell flour, meats, fruits, and other provisions, or stock, wagons, agricultural implements, or arms brought from any of the Confederate States into the country, nor shall any tax be levied upon such articles or the proceeds of the sale thereof. And all other goods, wares, and merchandise exposed to sale by a person not qualified, without a license, shall be forfeited and be delivered

