
and given to the authorities of the nation, as also shall all wines and liquors illegally introduced.

ART. XXI. All restrictions contained in any treaty made with the United States, or created by any law or regulation of the United States, upon the limited right of may member of the Cherokee Nation to sell and dispose of, to any person whatever, any chattel or other article of personal property, are hereby removed; and no such restrictions shall hereafter be imposed, except by their own legislation.

ART. XXII. It is hereby further agreed by the Confederate States that all the members of the Cherokee Nation, as hereinafter defined, shall be henceforward competent to take, hold, and pass, by purchased or descent, lands in any of the Confederate States, heretofore or hereafter acquired by them.

ART. XXIII. In order to secure the due enforcement of so much of the laws of the Confederate States in regard to criminal offenses and misdemeanors as is or may be in force in the said Cherokee country, and to prevent the Cherokees from being further harassed by judicial proceedings had in foreign courts and before juries not of the vicinage, the said country is hereby erected into and constituted a judicial district, to be called the Chalahki district, for the special purposes and jurisdiction hereinafter provided; and there shall be created and semi-annually held, within such district as Tahlequah, or in case of the removal of the seat of government of the nation, then at such place as may become the seat of government, a district court of the Confederate States, with the powers of a circuit court, so far as the same shall be necessary to carry out the provisions of this treaty, and with jurisdiction co-extensive with the limits of such district, in such matters, civil and criminal, to such extent and between such parties as may be prescribed by law, and in conformity to the terms of this treaty.

ART. XXIV. In addition to so much and such parts of the acts of Congress of the United States enacted to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers as have been re-enacted and continued if force by the Confederate States, and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this treaty, so much of the laws of the Confederate States as provides for the punishment of crimes amounting to felony at common law or by statute, against the laws, authority, or treaties of the Confederate States, and over which the courts of the Confederate States have jurisdiction, including the counterfeiting the coin of the United States or of the Confederate States, or the securities of the Confederate States, and so much of the said laws as provides for punishing violators of the neutrality laws and resistance to the process of the Confederate States, and all the acts of the Provisional Congress providing for the common defense and welfare, so far as the same are not locally inapplicable, shall hereafter be in force in the Cherokee country, and the said distinct court shall have exclusively jurisdiction to try, condemn, and punish offenders against any such laws, to adjudge and pronounce sentence, and cause execution thereof to be done in the same manner as in done in any other district court of the Confederate States.

ART. XXV. The said district court of the Confederate States of America for the district of Chalahki shall also have the same admiralty jurisdiction as other district courts, of the Confederate courts against any person or persons residing or found within the district, and in all civil suits at law or in equity when the matter in controversy

