
is of greater value then $500, between a citizen of citizens of any State or States of the Confederate States or any Territory of the same, or an alien or aliens and a citizen or citizens of the said district, or person or persons residing therein; and the Confederate States will, by suitable enactments, provide for the appointment of a judge and other proper officers of the said court, the clerk and marshal being members of the Cherokee Nation, and make all necessary enactments for the complete establishment and organization of the same, and to give full effect to its proceedings and jurisdiction.

ART. XXVI. The said district court shall have no jurisdiction to try and punish any person for any offense committed prior to the day of the singing of this treaty; nor shall any action in law or equity be maintained therein, except by the Confederate States or one of them, when the cause of action shall have accrued before the same day of the signing hereof.

ART. XXVII. If any citizen of the Confederate States or any other person, not being permitted to do so by the authorities of said nation or authorized by the terms of this treaty, shall attempt to settle upon any lands of the Cherokee Nation, he shall forfeit the protection of the Confederate States, and such punishment may be inflicted upon him, no being cruel, unusual, or excessive, as may have been previously prescribed by law of the nation.

ART. XXVIII. No citizens or inhabitant of the Confederate States shall pasture stock on the lands of the Cherokee Nation, under the penalty of $1 per head for all so pastured, to be collected by the authorities of the nation; but their citizens shall be at liberty at all times, and whether for business or pleasure, peaceably to travel the Cherokee country, and to drive their stock to market or otherwise through the same, and to halt such reasonable time on the way as may be necessary to recruit their stock, such delay being in good faith for that purpose.

ART. XXIX. It is also further agreed that the members of the Cherokee Nation shall have the same right of traveling, driving stock, and halting to recruit the same in any of the Confederate States as is given citizens of the Confederate States by the preceding article.

ART. XXX. If any person hired or employed by the agent or by any other person whatever, within the agency reserve, or any post or fort, shall violate the laws of the nation in such manner as to become an unfit person to continue in the Cherokee countrll be removed by the superintendent upon the application of the Executive of the nation, the superintendent being satisfied of the truth and sufficiency of the charges preferred.

ART. XXXI. Any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of either the Creek, Seminole, Choctaw, or Chickasaw Nations, and escaping into the jurisdiction of the Cherokee Nation, shall be promptly surrendered upon the demand of the proper authority of the nation within whose jurisdiction the offense shall be alleged to have been committed; and in like manner any person duly charged with a criminal offense against the laws of the Cherokee Nation, and escaping into the jurisdiction of either of the said nations, shall be promptly surrendered upon the demand of the proper authority of the Cherokee Nation.

ART. XXXII. The Cherokee Nation shall promptly apprehended and deliver up all persons duly charged with any crime against the laws

