
the Cherokee Nation; nor shall any citizen of the Confederate States, or member of any other Indian [nation], or tribe, be disseized of his property or deprived of restrained of his liberty, or fine, penalty, or forfeiture be imposed on him in the said country, except by the law of the land, nor without dw; nor shall any such citizen be in any way deprived of any of the guaranteed to all citizens by the Constitution of the Confederate States.

ART. XXXIX. It is further agreed that the Congress of the Confederate States shall establish and maintain post-offices at the most important places in the Cherokee Nation, and cause the mails to be regularly carried, at reasonable intervals, to and from the same, at the same rates of postage and in the same manner as in the Confederate States; and the postmasters shall be appointed from among the citizens of the Cherokee Nation.

ART. XL. In consideration of the common interest of the Cherokee Nation and the Confederate States, and of the protection and rights guaranteed to the said nation by this treaty, the Cherokee Nation hereby agrees that it will raise and furnish a regiment of ten companies of mounted men, with two reserve companies, if allowed, to serve on the armies of the Confederate States for twelve months; the men shall be armed by the Confederate States, received the same pay and allowances as other mounted troops in the service, and not be moved beyond the limits of the Indian country west of Arkansas without their consent.

ART. XLI. The Cherokee Nation hereby agrees to raise and furnish, at any future time, upon the requisition of the President, such number of troops for the defense of the Indian country, and of the frontier of the Confederate States, as he may fix, not out of fair proportion to the number of its population, to be employed for such terms of service as the President may determine; and such troops shall receive the same pay and allowances as other troops of the same class in the service of the Confederate States.

ART. XLII. It is further agreed by the said Confederate States, that the said Cherokee Nation shall never be required or called upon to pay, in land or otherwise, any part of the expenses of the present war, or of any war waged by or against the Confederate States.

ART. XLIII. It is further agreed that after the restoration of peace the Government of the Confederate States will defend the frontiers of the Indian country, of which the Cherokee country is a part, and hold the forts and posts therein, with native troops, recruited among the several Indian naherein, under the command of officers of the Confederate States, in preference to other troops.

ART. XLIV. In order to enable the Cherokee Nation to claim its rights and secure its interests without the intervention of counsel or agents, it shall be entitled to a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the Confederate State of America, who shall serve for the term of two years, and be a native-born citizen of the Cherokee Nation, over twenty-one years of age, and laboring under no legal disability by the law of the said nation; and each Delegate shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges as may be enjoyed by Delegates from any Territories of the Confederate States to the laid House of Representatives. Each shall receive such pay and mileage as shall be fixed by the Congress of the Confederate States. The first election for Delegate shall be held at such time and places, and shall be conducted in such manner as shall be prescribed by the principal

