
hereby declared; and all such persons, if any, whether convinced or not, imprisoned or at large, charged with any such offense, shall receive from the President full and free pardon, and be discharged.

ART. LIV. A general amnesty is hereby declared in the Cherokee Nation; and all offenses and crimes committed by a member or members of the Cherokee Nation against the nation, or against an individual or individuals, are hereby pardoned, and this pardon and amnesty shall extend as well to members of the nation now beyond its limits as to those now resident therein.

ART. LV. This treaty shall take effect and be obligatory upon the contracting parties from the seventh day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, whenever it shall be ratified by the general council of the Cherokee Nation and by the Provisional President and Congress, or the President and Senate of the Confederate States; and no amendment shall be made thereto by either, but it shall be wholly ratified or wholly rejected.

In perpetual testimony whereof the said Albert Pike, as commissioner with plenary powers, on the part of the Confederate States, doth now hereunto set his hand and affix the seal of his arms, and the said principal and assistant principal chiefs, executive councilors and special commissioners, on the part of the Cherokee Nation, do hereunto set their hands and affix their seals.

Thus done and interchanged in duplicate, at the place, in the year, and on the day in the beginning hereof mentioned.

[SEAL.]

ALBERT PIKE,

Commissioner of the Confederate States to the Indian Nations West of Arkansas.

Jno. Ross, principal chief; J. Vann, assistant chief; James Brown, executive councilor; John Drew, executive councilor; Will. P. Ross, executive councilor; Lewis Ross, commissioner Cherokee Nation; Thomas Pegg, commissioner Cherokee Nation; Richard Fields, commissioner Cherokee Nation; Richard Fields, commissioner Cherokee Nation.

Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of us.

Wm. Quesenbury, secretary to the commissioner; E. Rector, Superintendent Indian Affairs, Confederate States; W. Warren Johnson, Geo. M. Murrell.

RATIFICATION.

Resolved (two-thirds of the Confederate concurring), That the Congress of the Confederate States of America do advise and consent to the ratification of the articles of a treaty made by Albert Pike, commissioner of Confederate States to the Indian nations west of Arkansas, in behalf of the Confederate States, of the one part, and the Cherokee nation of Indians, by its principal and assistant principal chiefs, executive councilors and commissioners, for that purpose only, authorized and powered, of the other part, concluded at Tahlequah, in the Cherokee Nation, on the seventh day of October, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, with the following amendments:

I. Add at the end of the Article XXXV the following words, "and the Confederate States will request the several States of the Confederacy to adopt and enact the provisions of this article in respect to suits and proceedings in their respective courts. "

