
II. Strike out from Article XLIV the following words, "the same rights and privileges as may be enjoyed by Delegates from any Territories of the Confederate States to the said House of Representatives," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "a seat in the hall of the House of Representatives, to propose and introduce measures for the benefit of the said nation, and to be hear in regard thereto, and no other questions in which the nation is particularly interested, with such other rights and privileges as may be determined by the House of Representatives. "

III. Strike out from Article XXXIII the following words, "or of a State," and insert in lieu thereof the following words, "or of a State, subject to the laws of the State. "

NOTE. - The foregoing amendments were subsequently concurred in and adopted by the Cherokee Nation.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax, October 7, 1861.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I beg leave to call your attention to a large field for operation for the system of signaling on which I have been engaged. It is in our harbors along the whole threatened coast, in putting our forts, cities, and lookouts in communication with each other, what we are now unable to do for want of insulated wire. I have instructed in the system my two brothers, Major W. F. Alexander and Private James H. Alexander, Ninth Georgia Volunteers, the latter of whom is now one of my assistants. Besides these, I have here about ten well-instructed privates and one lieutenant (Barker, of the First Virginia Volunteers), and I could send several of the former (three of four) to any places you might wish. It would, of course, be much better to send commissioned officers, and in this connection I may say that major Alexander, I am sure, would like this service. I have applied for a commission for Private Alexander to associate him more fully with me and to be able to send him on some detached service with the Maryland shore. Several other privates in my employ are in every way suitable for commissions should you ever desire such officers. The Mr. Bryan of whom I spoke to you has returned safely and is about going back for another plan of communication, which we are perfecting with the aid of a most promising female accomplice. I will inform you of the plan when arranged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. ALEXANDER,

Captain of Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The system of signals referred to within is valuable in many positions and contingencies. It would be well to have officers or persons instructed and attached to the various divisions of the Army. On the Mississippi River it will enable troops on the opposite banks to communicate. At Pensacola it might be of vital importance. Staff officers, particularly those of the Adjutant-General's corps, should be instructed in this method of transmitting intelligence.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

