
are sick in vast numbers during the early period of their service. This predisposition to sickness in the entirely new circumstances of life, exposure, &amp;c., together with the epidemic of measles (a disease which our men, in consequence of the sparse population of the South, had not previously contracted), should have prepared us to expect a large amount of unavoidable sickness in our armies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE.

[OCTOBER 18, 1861. - For Milton to Davis, in relation to organization of troops and other military affairs in Florida, see Series I. VOL. VI, p. 290.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., October 19, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Expecting that Georgia will, as far as may be in her power, endeavor to clothe her troops who are in the Confederate service, in conformity with the act of Congress (No. 256 of the third session, Provisional Congress, held at Richmond, p. 50),* I address you this note, respectfully asking your construction of said act on certain points. First. Where a State shall clothe her own troops, will the clothing be required in uniform or will any substantial woolen clothing do? As you are aware, it is now difficult to supply clothing in uniforms. Second. How is the money value of the clothing to be ascertained and agreed upon, and what evidence will be required of its delivery by the State? Third. Will it be paid for to the State furnishing it on delivery to the commanding officer of a company or regiment, or must the clothing be delivered to each member of such company or regiment? Should the latter be required, it will be difficult, if not impracticable, to effect the delivery, as some members of a given company might be away from the main body on picket or other special duty. Your response inquires will oblige me much.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

Regulations concerning substitutes in the Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 20, 1861.

1. When any non-commissioned officer or soldier of the volunteer service desires to procure a substitute he shall first obtain the written consent of the captain of his company and of the commander of his regiment or corps, a duplicate of which he shall forward to the substitute.

2. The substitute shall then obtain from some surgeon and some commissioner officer in the service of the C. S. Army certificates of his fitness for service and of his having been mustered into the service of the Confederate States for the war, no matter what the term of

---------------

* Act approved August 30, 1861. See p. 584.

---------------

