
service of his principal may be, and these several certificate s shall serve as a passport to the holder to join the regiment or corps to which his principal belongs, he paying the expenses of his own transportation.

3. When a non-commissioned officer or soldier is entitled to discharge by reason of a substitute, the captain of his company and the commander of his regiment or corps shall give him a certificate to that effect, stating that the substitute furnished according to regulations is actually on duty with the regiment or corps; that the holder of the certificate is in nowise indebted to the Confederate States, and that he is not entitled to transportation at the expense of the Government; and this certificate shall serve the holder as a passport to leave the camp and travel to his home.

4. If it should be found that a non-commissioned officer or soldier discharged by reasons of a substitute is indebted to the Government, the commander of the regiment or corps giving the discharge will be held accountable for the same, and any back pay due non-commissioned officer or soldier shall be drawn and receipted for by his substitute at the next pay day.

5. Commanders of regiments or corps shall under no circumstances permit substitutes in their commands to exceed one per month in each company, and all such cases shall be noted in the following morning report of the regiment or corps in which they occur and in the next muster-roll and monthly return.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

GENERAL JACKSON'S BRIGADE,

Centerville, October 21, 1861.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR; Having heard some time since of the arrest by the enemy of an individual on whose person were found plans for the destruction of the enemy's ships of war, I through that it might be possible to replace by others these plans, and although I can scarcely hope to have invented an apparatus that possesses equal merits with that gentleman's, still I have so far succeeded in my own mind as to induce me to write to you on the subject. I have invented an instrument of war which for a better name I have called a submarine gun-boat. In many of its details I have not hesitated to adopt the plans of others, believing it far better to use machinery that has been found to be useful than to try to make a perfectly novel boat. I have thus greatly reduced the chances of a failure. As I have endeavored to avoid all chimerical plans, no one can consistently call me a visionary. In fact, my gun-boat can hardly be called the work of an inventor but rather that of mechanic, so little is there in it that has not been used before in some form or other. My plan is simple. A vessel is built of boiler iron of about fifty tons burden, similar to Winans' cigar steamer, but made of an oval form with the propeller behind. This is for the purpose of having as little draft of water as possible for the purpose of passing over sand-bars without being observed by the enemy. The engines are of the latest and best style so as to use as little steam as possible in proportion to the power received. The boilers are so constructed as to generate steam without a supply of air. The air for respiration is kept in a fit condition for breathing by

