
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 25, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of Your Excellency's letter of October 19, and to reply: First. It is not required that clothing furnished by States shall be uniform in order to be accepted. Second. Communication is allowed for clothing furnished at the rate of $25 for six months, payable to the captains of companies (or commanding officers) upon vouchers rendered to the Quartermaster-General's Department that their men are furnished with clothing according to regulation for the time specified. I inclose to Your Excellency a copy of the regulation in regard to the clothing of volunteers, and also a copy of a circular letter recently printed, in the fourteenth section of which the subject of communication of clothing is embraced.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 25, 1861. - For Benjamin to A. S. Johnston, in relation to organization of troops and other military matters, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 473.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., October 28, 1861.

GENTLEMAN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

The constitution provides that "on extraordinary occasions the Governor may convene the General Assembly at the seat of government. " Under this authority my proclamation calling an extraordinary session of the Legislature was issued. It is proper that you should be advised as to the reasons which induced this action on the part of the Executive. The twenty-eighth section of article 3 of the amended constitution provides that "the General Assembly shall meet annually on such day as may be provided by law, and may continue in session not more than thirty days. " It was apparent that the legislation made necessary by the present condition of the State and of the Confederacy could not be perfected within thirty days, and that a called session would be necessary, either in advance of or at the close of the regular session. It was deemed expedient that the Legislature should be convened at this time for reasons which will hereafter appear. Congress at its last session passed an act entitled "An act to authorize the issuance of Treasury notes, and to provide a war tax for their redemption. " The fourth section of this act declares that "a war tax shall be assessed, and levied, of 50 cents upon each $100 in value" of the various subjects of taxation therein enumerated. The fifth section requires that a chief collector shall be appointed for each States, whose duty it shall be to divide the State into convenient districts and appoint collectors thereof. These collectors are required to make the assessment by the 1st of November next. The twenty-fourth section is in the following words:

SEC. 24. If any State shall, on or before the 1st day of April next, pay, in the Treasury notes of the Confederate States of in specie, the taxes assessed against

