
A. B. Moore, Governor as aforesaid, that in the event of any unforeseen and extraordinary circumstances or accident occurring in the performance of this contract by the said J. W. Echols not contemplated by this agreement, such additional compensation may allowerred persons may agree upon as being just and proper, on to be selected be each party, and the two to select a third in case of disagreement by them.

When the contract was made it was supposed that the trust might be executed in thirty or forty days, but in this both parties were mistaken, as the agent was engaged about three months in completing his labors. In consequence of this and the skill and management of the agent in accumulating the fund by way of exchanges he insisted on being allowed the amount of the exchange for his services, exclusive of his expenses, which have been paid. I did not feel at liberty to settle with him on these terms, and the question of compensation has been left open for your determination. Colonel Echols has been a faithful, energetic agent and is entitled to liberal compensation.

TROOPS AND CLOTHING.

In the exercise of the powers confided to me by the ordinances of the convention and the acts of the last Legislature to protect the State from invasion I deemed it of primary importance to act with the State of Florida in securing the possession of the navy-yards and forts near Pensacola, then in the possession of the Government of the United States. A volunteer force under the command of Colonel Lomax was promptly dispatched to Pensacola with that object and succeeded in effecting the surrender of the navy-yards and the occupation of Forts Barrancas and McRee. The troops which had accomplished these important results and who had volunteered with reference to that special purpose were subsequently relieved by twelve-months' volunteers, who were accepted by me under the provisions of the ordinances of the 19th of January, 1861. The garrison at Fort Morgan, under the command of Colonel Todd, consisting of volunteer troops organized under the act of the 24th of February, 1860, was in its turn relieved by volunteers accepted under the same ordinance. Recruiting stations were opened and a battalion of three-years' regulars enlisted and throughly organized. The volunteer forces near Pensacola and at Fort Morgan were formed into regiments, and with the battalion of regulars remained in the service of the State at these points until the Confederacy assumed the conduct of the war, when they were transferred to that Government under the authority of the ordinance of the 11th of March, 1861. In July last, in view of the menacing attitude which had been assumed by the Northern Government, the preparations which were making by it for the transportation of a large force with munitions of war by sea, and the necessary concentration of a large proportion of the Confederate forces in Virginia, it was deemed proper as a prudential measure to strengthen the defenses of Mobile by the acceptance of two regiments and several companies, in all about 2,500 troops, under the ordinance of 19th of January last, which was done, however, upon the express agreement that the troops thus accepted should not be entitled to any pay or allowance unless ordered into actual service or into camps of instruction, and in the last case to be subsisted and furnished with camp equiPAGEonly. In order to secure the necessary field instruction, as well as generally to promote its discipline and efficiency, a camp of instruction was formed for one of these regiments for thirty days.

