
of Mrs. Arthur F. Hopkins, for whose untiring efforts in the cause of the sick and wounded of Alabama the warmest thanks of the State are due. The remaining portion was thrown into the common stock with nished by the State, and a scale of prices adopted for the whole by persons disconnected with the distribution, which it is supposed would be sufficient to reimburse the State the actual cost. By this course the volunteers realized the full and equal benefit of these contributions, by receiving the clothing in which the funds of the State were invested at less than actual cost. I have deemed it my duty to call your attention especially to the facts connected with the purchase and distribution of the clothing, for the reason that I acted without authority, and for the additional reason that, in relation to some of the existing contracts, justice to the contractors may require a recognition of them from your body.

HOSPITAL FOR SOLDIERS.

I desire to call the attention of the Legislature to the following letter from a distinguished physician and surgeon in the Army from Alabama in regard to providing a hospital for the sick and feeble troops from this State in the Army of the Potomac:

CENTERVILLE, VA., September 27, 1861.

Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: A Virginia winter is rapidly approaching, which a large portion of the troops of the Confederacy seem likely to have to spend upon this border of our country. This is a poor section of the State. The villages are few and straggling, and the houses in town and country generally small and many of them in a state of partial dilapidation. Good winter quarters are necessary for all the troops, but indispensably so for the sick and weak. For Alabama I am of the opinion that the sick and weak or convalescent may be safely set down at one-fourth the whole number.

* * * *

These men will have to be provided with good hospital accommodations speedily or many of them will die for the want of them, for after all the efforts I fear many of them will be thinly clad and wanting in overcoats, blankets, and gloves. Were they well clad, still the hospital accommodations are indispensable. Now, I am satisfied our Government, through its proper departments, is making all the efforts to meet this great want it can, and that much will be accomplished, yet there is reason to fear the Government will not be able to provide in time accommodations for such a large number of men as will need them. Of the magnitude of this enterprise you may form an idea when I tell you that in our single brigade nearly 1,500 men are unable to march. It has seemed to me that this was an occasion when the States might with propriety step in and do a great work of benevolence and duty to their soldiers. I have heard nothing of late of the "Alabama Aid Association" that commenced its operations at Richmond, far away from the point at which its services were most needed. I learned that they had opened an "Alabama Association" that commenced its operations at Richmond, far away from the point at which its services were most needed. I learned that they had opened an "Alabama Hospital," which was full before they had taken 100 patients. My own regiment would have filled it at one time during the last two months and then had a good many men unprovided for. You will see how inadequate such a scale of operations is to the wants of our troops. Besides, we want hospitals up here nearer to us, immediately on the railroad from Richmond, or some branch of it. A hospital can be opened by renting and build, or building lone. The Confederate Government is having and extensive hospital constructed just in the rear of Manassas on a very economical and at the same time commodious plan. The medical director informs me that thd points and villages unoccupied yet, which our State could secure. The State of Mississippi has, I am informed, appropriated $50,000 to this purpose, and has sent out an agent, who has secured buildings at Warrenton, and is rapidly preparing a hospital therefor the troops from that State. Such a hospital should have surgeons and assistant surgeons commissioned by the Confederate Government, if they are paid by the State, for the purpose of military government, and furnishing legal papers to soldiers, and proper reports and returns to the Medical Bureau at Richmond, &amp;c.

