
I have felt in duty to lay this state of things before Your Excellency, not doubting that the State of Alabama would sustain you in anything you in your judgment feel called upon to do to met this emergency. Should you decide to investigate the subject, or to act on the suggestions, a reliable and competent agent will be of the first importance.

* * * *

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. J. CLARK,

Surg. Tenth Alabama Regiment and Chief Surgeon of the Fifth Brigade.

I can add nothing to the facts and arguments contained in this letter, and recommend that provision be made without delay for the appointment of a suitable agent to go to Virginia to inquire more particularly into the necessity and practicability of renting a building or buildings as suggested by Doctor Clark, and that the necessary appropriations be made for that purpose. The State has contributed $1,000 in cash to the support of the hospital in Richmond; and churches, aid societies, and individuals have also given large amounts of money and hospital stores for the same purpose. Another hospital buildings has been rented at Richmond by Mrs. Hopkins since the foregoing letter was written. This, however, does not meet the want so the sick at Manassas, as Richmond is too far from that point.

SALT SPRINGS.

As salt is an article of po our people, and as the State owns valuable springs in the county of Clarke, capable, I am told, of furnishing a large amount of salt, it is recommended that they be leased to some person or persons who will obligate themselves to commence its manufacture, that our citizens may be supplied with this indispensable article to the extent of the capacity of the springs to produce it.

MILITARY INSTITUTE.

The University of Alabama and the other military institution of the State have been eminently successful, and have borne ample testimony to the wisdom of the Legislature in introducing this branch of education into our colleges and in giving special aid to a certain number of poor young men from each county in the State. For the amount of money expended, the State has already been amply compensated by the services of the cadets. Many of them have been engaged during the summer and fall in drilling volunteer companies for the Confederate service, and many more are in the Army, some as privates and others as officers. Their skill and efficiency are universally acknowledged, and the beneficial results of their instruction and examples are seen and felt. These institutions deserve and should receive the special care and encouragement of the State. The ranks made vacant by those cadets who are in the Army, I am gratified to learn, are already filled.

GENERAL REMARKS.

On the 11th day of last January a convention representing the people of this State severed its connection with the Government of the United States and gave it a separate and independent existence among the nations of the earth. To this bold and decisive step our people wee led by the conviction, slowly and reluctantly attained,

