
navigable rivers, connected by long lines of railroads, and having a sea-coast stretching from the Potomac to the Rio Grande, have confederate together and formed a Constitution, the wisdom of which challenges the admiration of the world. Kentucky and Missouri hesitated to join in the great movement until the chain of tyrant was almost riveted upon their giant limbs; but, awakened by the perils of their condition, their brae and patriotic sons, aided by the soldiers of the Confederate States, are now struggling with an energy and courage which cannot fail to throw off the authority of Northern despotism and secure their independence. It is confidently believed that at an early day we shall have the pleasure of welcoming these States into our Confederacy. Maryland, too, though now downtrodden and oppressed, cannot long be held in subjection by the corrupt and crumbling dynasty at Washington. The enemy which has stricken down liberty in this State and inflicted the most revolting outrages upon its citizens will yet be driven out, and at no distant day Maryland, freed from the despotism which now stifles her voice, will speak the wishes of her people and link her destinies with ours. When the fourteen States in which alone slavery exists to any considerable extent shall have thus been united into one Confederacy under our common Constitution, so wisely adapted to their condition, the great revolution will have accomplished its purpose; and thus will have been added the last column needed to support through coming ages the structure of our Government.

The events of the war have demonstrated the ability of our government to sustain itself. With the largest and best appointed armies which have ever been organized upon this continent, and a navy greatly superior to our own, our enemy has not attained anywhere a decided advantage. Arrogantly announcing the purpose of subjugation, he has not been able to extend an invasion to any considerable extent from the border; and in his latest attempt his army had scarcely set foot upon Virginia soil before its was driven back byve band of volunteers in confusion and defeat, many of the invaders finding a grave beneath the waves of the border river they had just crossed. In almost every engagement the victory has been with us. Every battle-field bears testimony to the valor of our troops. Your citizens in every part of the State have shown an eager desire to enter into the military service. The Government at Richmond, as well as the State government, has been literally besieged with applications from this State for admission into the Army; and wherever her troops have ben engaged they have exhibited dauntless courage and intrepid coolness. The Fourth Regiment, commanded by the lamented Colonel Egbert J. Jones, was the only portion of the Alabama Volunteers which had an opportunity to participate actively in the battle of Manassas. That regiment, exhibiting the qualities which are believed to the common to all our volunteers, after all of its field officers fell in the fierce and prolonged conflict, drove back several regiments of the enemy successively led against it, and maintained the unequal fight with unfaltering courage until the enemy's flight terminated the battle. The men of that regiment, by their gallantry, earned for it a proud distinction, justly entitling them to the gratitude of the State. Their conduct will hereafter stand as a glorious example of heroism to be emulated by our other brave and gallant volunteers. Recently a small number of Alabama troops, participating in an attack upon the enemy's camp on Santa Rosa Island, well sustained the character for courage and daring which the

