
conduct of the Fourth Regiment had given to Alabama Volunteers; and all I am proud to say have endured with fortitude and patience the toils and privations of a soldier's life, which are not the less trying because they are free from the excitement of battle.

It is a matter of gratulation that whatever dissatisfaction may have existed at first on account of the adoption of the ordinance of secession, it exists no longer. The people of the State, with few individual exceptions, have been convinced by subsequent acts of the Northern Government that measure was indispensable to the our liberty and property, and now give their best energies to its support and defense. We now present the gratifying spectacle of a united and harmonious people, satisfied with our institutions, ardently attached to the Government, and resolved to maintain it. All classes in every part of the State, with rare exceptions, have been prompt to contribute to the support of the Government in the struggles and trials which an unjust war have brought upon it in its infancy. The annals of history afford few examples of higher and purer patriotism than have been evinced by the people of Alabama. Vain is the idea of our enemies that such a people can be subjugated. It is true that our independence, like every other great good, has to be purchased with a price. The separation, by which alone it could be accomplished, has brought upon us the evils of war. But these evils are passing and temporary, while the degradation of submission would be lasting and permanent. Years of hardship, and, d it may be, of suffering, are of but little moment in the existence of a nation, and the boon of national liberty, perhaps for centuries, is highly purchased at this cost. So far we have every reason to be thankful. A kind and munificent Providence has smiled upon our harvests, has crowned our armies with success, and inspired our people with a spirit which, in the just cause in which they are engaged, must insure their ultimate triumph. The mode, too, in which the war has been prosecuted by our adversaries, while it has served to diminish their resources, has increased our own. Mechanical arts and industrial pursuits, hitherto practically unknown to our people, are already in operation. The clink of the hammer and the busy hum of the workshop are beginning to be heard through our land. Our manufactures are rapidly increasing, and the inconveniences which would result from the continuance of the war and the closing of our ports for years would be more than compensated by the forcing us to the development of our abundant he tone and temper it would give to our national character. Under such circumstances the return of peace would find us a self-reliant and truly independent people. As my term of service will expire in a few days, when my official connection with the State will be dissolved, it is a source of much gratification to me to be able to say that the is no State in the Confederacy which has done ore in proportion to its means, for her own security or to aid the Confederate Government in this great revolution, than Alabama. I take this opportunity to return my thanks to the men and women of the State for the unsurpassed promptitude with which they have responded t the many calls made upon them in various forms, in behalf of the State and Confederacy. And I desire at the same time to express my gratitude to those who have been officially connected with me for the faithful and efficient discharge of their duties. May the Good of wisdom guide you in your deliberations is my sincere prayer.

A. B. MOORE.

