
or twelve months, as they may elect, and if your Confederate officers continue to receive twelve-months' men, I have no power to induce them to enlist for the war. I again repeat to Your Excellency that I have not favored the twelve-months' men, and any acting of mine that seems to point that way is the result of laws over which I have no control. Your information in regard to the 2,000 English rifles belonging to Mississippi at Havana is not correct. The agent whom the military board sent to Europe for arms brought them to Havana and sold them there to the Governor for a profit. The Secretary of War asked me to name suitable men for the position of quartermaster and commissaries at Brookhaven and Marion Station. All those suggested by me have received their appointments except Charles C. Scott as commissary at Marion Station. I have not heard yet that a commissary has been appointed for that place, or why Scott was not appointed.

Mr. President, I am aware that unscrupulous men from Mississippi have been at Richmond, and hoped to be able to get something on which to found a complaint against me, and as they have misrepresented my acts here at home, I doubt not they have done the same thing there. The members of the Legislature best known to you and most esteemed by the people, with all the facts before them, called on me to become a candidate for re-election, and the people, with a unanimity rarely witnessed, have sustained me, and when the facts are as well known to you as they are known to the people of this State, I have an abiding confidence in your approval of what I have done.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[OCTOBER 29, 1861. -For Benjamin to Lovell, in relation to the reception of troops for less than twelve months' service, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 758.]

[OCTOBER 30, 1861. -For Bragg to Benjamin, in relation to the appointment of officers, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 758.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Austin, Tex., November 1, 1861.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

Your presence at the seat of government is at all times an occasion of interest and congratulation, but at no period within the memory of any member of your honorable body have the representatives of the people convened under circumstances of so much necessity for their deliberation, or so heavily burdened with the responsibilities of the future, as the present. You are direct from the people and your acts will be the reflections of their will. This fact and your combined intelligence render confident the assurance that your enactments will afford complete justification of the past, sustenance for the present, and security in the future. It is the constitutional duty of the Executive to communicate to you information of the state of the government and recommend to your consideration those reasons which may be deemed essential to the advancement of the public welfare. In contemplation

