
of the circumstances which surround him, being, as he is, the creature of the convention, and not directly of the people, it will perhaps be sufficient that he should confine himself to those facts which will enable you to arrive at a positive understanding of the actual situation of the State, rather than to make suggestions as to the policy you should adopt. This will more appropriately become a matter of subsequent recommendation. I consideration of our position as in independent State, and at the same time as one mighty element in a young but hopeful nation which is battling for its life, the subject of primary interest is a survey of our military condition. To arrive at an under standing of this subject, you will receive a brief recapitulation of the steps which have been taken to secure our military defenses. You will also hear of those things attempted and likewise of the insurmountable difficulties which in this respect have impeded the administration. From these significant fact it will prove no difficult task for your honorable body to deduce the results which must be consummated in order that Texas may become proof against peril and strengthened in the power to aid in the establishment of the General Government.

Among the first and most importance duties devolving upon the Executive was to raise the regiment required by the ordinance of the convention to provide in part for the military defense of the State. Enrolling officers were appointed in different sections of the State, and the number of companies necessary to make up the force were speedily obtained. The greatest dispatch was required in procuring these troops, it being important to have them in the field by the time the U. S. forces, then on our frontier, should be withdrawn, their removal being inevitable in consequence of our withdrawal from the Union. San Antonio was named as the place for the concentration of the regiment, and the colonel selected to command it ordered to repair thither and superintend its organization. The exigencies of the service, however, not permitting his absence at the time from his position on the Rio Grande, the remaining field officers were required to supply his place in the preparation of the regiment for the service. This is a mounted force and of all troops the most expensive, and to serve for twelve months from the time of enlistment. To save the State immense cost of its maintenance and combine our military defenses in the same hands, induced an early effort on the part of the Executive to procure its transfer to the Confederate Government. In order to more successfully and immediately carry out this design General James H. Rogers, who was about to visit Montgomery, the seat of Government, was intrusted with its accomplishment and furnished with the necessary authority, and such instructions as were deemed essential. By prompt andtion to the subject, and aided by the representations of others of our citizens who happened to be present, he succeeded in getting the Honorable Secretary of War to accept the regiment. Of this result due notice was given to the Executive, and upon the organization of the command it was mustered into the Confederate service, he authorities of Texas being thereby relieved of all further connection with it. It may devolve upon the State to provide for the expenses incurred for the incipiency of this regiment up to the date of its transfer, but it is believed that these expends are covered by a recent law of the General Government and that the State will be reimbursed.

War having actually commenced between the United State and the Confederacy, the immense increase of business of a military character

