
insisted upon certain points of rendezvous, at which they were concentrated and mustered into the service of the Confederate States. With this consummation of course all responsibility of the State cease, and if these patriotic soldiers, as has been said, suffered any unnecessary inconvenience before leaving the State, it was not the fault of the authorities of Texas.

In conformity with the present "militia law," brigadier-generals were appointed in the thirty-two districts of the State, and they have been required by repeated and explicit orders to organize the militia. This has been done by many of the gentlemen appointed and to a very commendable extent, but it is with regret that the Executive cannot report a more thorough and complete organization of this force. In addition to this the people have been urged in different proclamations to organize themselves into companies and offer their services to the Confederate States or to the State through the adjutant-general's office. Thus we might hope to have soldiers ready for Confederate service whenever that Government required them and a reserve corps of many thousands to preserve the inviolability of our own soil. In order to facilitate this organization it was thought advantageous to invite these companies into camps of instructions and to acquire at least the elementary principles of drill and discipline. For this temporary life in camp the soldiers were to receive no pay, and the patriotism of the people which had manifested a strong desire to express itself in this respect would be relied upon to support them. These camps were successfully only to a limited extent. Various causes conspired to prevent in some instances their formation and in others to render them but of short duration. The movement was an experiment, and although it did not meet with that success which would have advanced to a great degree the military condition of the State, yet it has been productive of some advantages and has imposed upon the State but a trivial pecuniary obligation. No practicable means have been left untried to form into military companies all the able-bodied men in Texas. The people have been appealed to directly by the Executive and by many individuals appointed by him for that purpose to organize into companies of some character, get the best arms they could obtain, and inform the authorities of the State of their localities and condition. It will readily be understood that efforts of this character must have encountered difficulties numerous and not insignificant, and have often proven futile as they were informal. Among the most general of the difficulties was the fact that the troops were to a great extent required to be infantry. The predilection of Texans for cavalry service, founded as it is upon their peerless horsemanship, is so powerful that they are unwilling in many instances to engage in service of any other description unless required by actual necessity. This passion for mounted service is manifest in the fact that no call for cavalry has yet been made which has not been complied with almost instantaneously, and there are companies of this character now throughout the State which are eager for service.

An additional fact to which the serious attention of the legislative body of the State is especially directed is that military organizations have taken place within the limits of Texas without the authority or knowledge of her Executive. Various gentlemen have been authorized by those at the head of the Confederate Government to raise regiments without the intervention or cognizance of State authorities.

