
This action has been emphatically objected to through the Texas delegation at Richmond, but the objection has not been heeded. State troops are organized with some reference to system. There is a formal way of placing such troops in the service, and there is another way which is informal, if not unjust. The State Executive should at least be officially informed of any movements of this character which the General Government may see fit to inaugurate within his jurisdictione inevitable consequence of this policy has been that organizations, completed in obedience to original requisitions from the Secretary of War, have been seriously injured, if not altogether disorganized, by these independent movements, and if subsequent demands have been as expeditiously complied with as they should have been the deficiency is chiefly attributable to this fact.

Another serious obstacle has been the want of legislative authority and of the material resources for placing volunteers in an organized and effective condition. The present militia law-as all other laws made for similar purposes in time of peace-is impracticable in its character and unwieldy in its operations. The efforts which have been made under its provisions have disclosed the fact that it is ill adapted to the necessities of an actual war. It will be the duty of your honorable body to remedy the defects of this law and to render it more useful in accomplishing the object for which it was intended. The last serious obstacle to the military operations of the State which will be mentioned is the fact that the previous Legislature did not have a full appreciation of the greatness of the conflict upon the threshold of which we then stood. We could all see the triumphant and majestic Confederacy of States down the vista of the not distant future, but all did not realize a sense of the trial and struggle through which we were to pass. Hence it was that the honorable body to which I allude made no provision for the contest into which we are now plunged, and those things which have been accomplished have been done to a great extent without the sanction of positive legislation and upon the responsibility of the Executive. But, not regarding all the difficulties which have impeded the action of the State and looking only to those results which have been attained by the spontaneous action of the people, we have reason for congratulation upon the past and for additional self-reliance in the future. Twenty thousand Texans are now battling for the rights of our new-born but gigantic Government. They are waiting to win fresh laurels in heroic old Virginia. They are ready to aid in lifting the yoke from Kentucky's prostate neck, and are marshaled in defense of the sovereignty of Missouri. They have covered with a brilliant glory the plains of New Mexico, and are formed in a cordon of safety around the border of our own great State. If such positive results have sprung from the spontaneous action of the people, what may we hope will not be accomplished when the entire latent forces of the State are shaped into system and efficiency? The number of able-bodied fighting men in the State, forming an estimate from all the date which can be commanded, is more than 100,000. What, then, is required is a definite, practically legislation that will enable this mass to be commanded and provide for the formation of such a military system as our necessities require. For the accomplishment of this object the Executive does not feel authorized to commend to you any particular line of policy. that can be best determined upon the superior wisdom of your honorable body.

