
transactions which have transpired since the occasion upon which I assumed the responsibility of acting as Chief Magistrate of this State. There are many more things which I might have said. It was no difficult task to indulge in reflections and to amplify recommendations. But we are in the beginning of an age of action. What you require are facts. Your wisdom will enable you to mold them into law, and your freshness from the great source of all law all sovereignty-the people-will cause you to conform your actions to their will. The realities of a great war in which we are engaged will require the exercise of all your financial ability, all your military skill and devotion to the public welfare. I am confident that you will display all these "Him who doeth all things well. " Thus will the fruits of your labors soon be peaceful independence and a prosperous State.

EDWARD CLARK.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

November 2, 1861.

His Excellency Governor LETCHER:

SIR: I understand that a number of Virginia manufactured muskets made at the armory here many years ago, and that have been issued from this department, are being gathered into the Confederate Ordnance Department to be altered into percussion, and, as I may suppose, to be reissued to troops generally as an issue from the Confederate States. Now, there is no objection to these arms going into the field to any troops if Virginia has the credit of such issue. As there is to be a final settlement between all the States of the South, when the value of all issues will be an element of credit to the State issuing, if Virginia's arms are to be issued by the Confederate authorities the State is not only deprived of the credit due her, but the issue thus made will become in part a charge upon her in the final settlement. Virginia has issued 10,000 percussion muskets, United States, and 50,000 Virginia flint-lock muskets, these last plainly known by the stamp "Virginia" upon the lock. I think it but fair to this State that the Ordnance Department of the Confederate Army be instructed by the Honorable Secretary of War to turn over to this department all thus marked, that I may put them in good order for reissue. In addition to the Virginia flint-locks this State has issued 10,000 U. S. flint-locks, which she received from the Federal Government years ago. These have no distinctive mark, and therefore cannot be recognized as belonging to this State; yet, as they are also coming in to be altered for reissue, ought not a due proportion of these be turned over to this department, when they fall into the hands of the Confederate Department, for like reasons? My impression is that but very few of flint-lock muskets have gone into the field except from Virginia. If this be so, then all flint-lock muskets gathered into the Ordnance Department of the Confederate States should be turned over to this armory, that they be put in order and held subject to proper order. This is a matter of large consideration, and I think that if the Honorable Secretary of War is made to understand it he will correct the wrong.

I am, very respectfully,

C. DIMMOCK,

Chief of Ordnance of Virginia.

