
lesser ones) would deprive you of that sole remaining route. The expense of this arrangement to the Government would be, if anything additional to its necessary pay of the troops who might otherwise by idle, trivial compared with the importance of the security attained, while it would be an intolerable burden to he railroad companies, who could not employ the same number of men for less than double the wages paid to soldiers, amounting to many times the cost of insurance, and who in the performance an enormous among of transportation for the Government at half or less than half tolls, and often at a considerable loss, with the wear and destruction of their machinery, not to be replaced at scarcely any cost, and the many times multiplied cost of all their materials and supplies, are, and have been, making sacrifices for the public good which have no parallel in the country, and may exhaust their means of maintenance before the end of the existing war.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

P. V. DANIEL, Jr.,

President Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac R. R. Co.

[NOVEMBER 11, 1861. -For Secretary of War to Harris, in relation to the numerical designation of Tennessee organizations, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 205.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Austin, Tex., November 15, 1861.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

You have assembled at the capitol at a time when it will require all of your ability and patriotism to sustain the State in her present proud position, give protection and security to the people, place her financial affairs on a sound basis, and give that strength to the Government of the Confederate States as may reasonably be expected from a State so powerful as Texas. From the inception of the present troubles to this period Texas has been keenly alive to her own security and fully up to the expectations of her sister States in her efforts for the general welfare. As was natural, the people of this State in her efforts for the general welfare. As was natural, the people of this State determined that they never would submit to have their own rights or the rights of the State government absorbed by a fanatical Government, fast drifting to centralism and all the evils incident to a system based on laws higher than the Constitution. So soon as it was ascertained that our once prosperous country had been placed under the administration of the Black Republican party, it was at once decided by the almost unanimous voice of the country that secession from the Government of the United States was not only a right possessed, but a great political necessity. The separation of the two Governments was effected by the resumption on the part of Texas of the powers she had delegated to the Federal Government. The people of the Northern States, who had time and again asserted that the States of the South could not be driven from the Union, declaring that if they desired to secede they should be permitted to do so, when secession became an established fact, were suddenly seized with the conviction that the Union was a perpetual one; the right of secessind the policy adopted that the Southern States, should be forced to remain and continue to pay tribute to the North, as they had been doing since the formation of the Government, or else be subjugated

