
and governed as conquered provinces. As a consequence war ensued. The condition of the public mind at the North, as exhibited through the triumph of Black Republicanism, should have been a sufficient warning that we should expect nothing less. Nevertheless, the storm came upon us when we were but illy prepared to meet it, and although your are here, gentlemen, in attendance at the capitol, performing the duties assigned you by the constitution without hindrance or molestation, yet we are in the midst of a most unnatural war, waged by our most unnatural enemies, and to-day your fellow-citizens, to the number of 20,000, are in the tented field. This being but the beginning of the war, we know not how soon we may be called upon for 20,000 more. Our people have nobly responded to the call of their Government, and with eagerness rushed to the field of conflict. I am happy to say that Texas can and will double the number of her men in the field whenever informed of the necessity.

No Legislature of any State has ever been called upon to act under more embarrassing circumstances than those which surround you. The State heretofore resting in that security which characterizes all powerful governments in times of profound peace, with no prospect of war, had, in pursuance of a generous and liberal policy, appropriated of her large means to purposes of education, internal improvements, and other objects of general usefulness, in consequence of which you find at this time, when a full treasury is so much needed, the State government absolutely without a dollar subject to the appropriation for the purpose of carrying on the civil affairs, or of placing the State in the condition of security against the invasion of the enemy. Hence it will require your deepest wisdom and most patient exertions to sustain your State in the present crisis, because, gentlemen, it devolves on you not only to provide the means for the support of the civil government and to pay her outside military dept, but also to devise and adopt such measures as will enable Texas to perform her duty toward the Government of the Confederate States, and thus, to the extent of her ability, enable those in authority to conduct the war with vigor and prosecute it to a successful termination. You will appreciate the reasons why I am under the necessity of communicating to you, in a crude and hasty manner, the present condition of the government and may present undigested views as to the course of policy to be adopted by you for the advancement of the general interest. There being no public printer has thrown into my hands a mass of the heads of the various departments, which can be mastered only after much labor and consumption of time. Believing that you were desirous of hearing from the Executive at the earliest day practicable, I have prepared this communication with the greatest dispatch in my power. If, after I become more familiar with the wants of the government by a careful and minute examination of the reports of the departments, I deem it necessary to communicate with you, I will take pleasure in laying my views before you and giving you such information as may have been acquired.

Our Indiana troubles should occupy your attention. Since the withdrawal of Texas from the Government of the United States and the adoption of the system by the Confederate Government of defending the frontier by regiments of mounted men, comparative quiet in that quarter has prevailed. It, however, is now no unfrequent occurrence to hear of murders being committed and property stolen by our Indian enemies. It has been my opinion for years past that the will never live in peace with Indians until they are convinced that we

