
provided for, leaving out of view any additional amounts Texas may be called on to raise to aid and assist the Confederatprosecuting the war, and which she may find necessary to expend in the protection of her own soil. In order to meet the deficit manifested on the report of the comptroller, he advises an increase of taxation to 25 cents on $100 worth of taxable property in the State, and a reduction in the price of public lands to 50 cents and acre. I here call your special attention to this portion of the report, and urge upon you to give it mature and deliberate consideration, believing as I do hat the sales of public lands, even at the reduced price proposed, will fall far short of the amount estimated by the comptroller, and that we must rely almost entirely on taxation. No one regrets more than I do the necessity of increased taxation at this time of peculiar hardship upon the people, particularly when I am so well aware that for the past eight months our citizens, with some exceptions, have responded so generously and liberally to the support and comfort of the gallant spirits in the field. But we must bear in mind that we are engaged in a contest for liberty, equality, and the right of self-government. To secure these our home and General Government must be sustained at every sacrifice. Under these circumstances I deem it imperatively necessary that at least the rate of taxation proposed by the comptroller should be levied for the relief of the treasury during the next two years. The present tax for county purposes is deemed sufficient, inasmuch as they are generally supplied with their public buildings, and the contingent expenses of the courts being greatly reduced by their partial suspension. Should, however, any of the counties, from their spirit of liberality in making advances toward the equipment of troops and otherwise aiding int he struggle, find it necessary to ask permission to levy a further tax than that allowed by law, I would advise a generous consideration of such application. The treasury at this time having no gold or silver in its vaults, it becomes necessary for you by legislation to provide means for carrying on the civil government until such time as the treasury shall be in receipt of its usual revenues.

For this purpose, from the limited information now in my possession, I can point you to no better mode than the issue of treasury warrants payable at the treasurer's office out on any moneys not otherwise appropriated. I would suggest, however, that hereafter the warrants, m now outstanding and bearing 10 per cent. interest, are selling at a most ruinous discount, and I can safely say that the civil government cannot be supported by the issue of treasury warrants unless you by some legislation shall cause them to appreciate to at least near their face value. To accomplish so desirable a result I would suggest to you to take into consideration the propriety of making all the warrants heretofore issued, as well as those which may be hereafter issued, receivable in payment of taxes and for all other public dues of whatever nature or kind. Esteeming it as I do the duty of our State, as well as the duty of every citizen, to sustain by every means in their power thConfederate States, I cannot but recommend that the treasury notes issued by that Government be by an act of the Legislature placed on the same footing as the warrants issued by our State treasury, and that they also be made receivable in payment of all public dues.

I am pleased to inform you that it appears from the record in the executive department that the Legislature of the State of Louisiana

