
caused to be placed in good order and presented to the State of Texas the two beautiful guns known as the Twin Sisters, so famous in our history for services derived from the on the field of San Jacinto. I trust that the Legislature will acknowledge the kind and complimentary act in an appropriate manner.

Gentlemen, the very able manner in which my immediate predecessor has detailed to you the many important matters that have transpired during he late eventful times leaves me nothing more to say. I cannot conclude, however, without expressing the hope that you will during the present session of the Legislature confine your action, as far as may comport with your ideas of propriety, to matters of general interest and those laws of pressing necessity. That every endeavor will be used by you to bear the standard of Texas aloft; that you will struggle by every means in your power to strengthen the arm of the Confederate States I feel fully satisfied. And permit me, gentlemen, to assure you that you shall have my hearty co-operation in all matters tending toward the general welfare. Let us do our duty, and with the aid of an all-wise and all-seeing Providence our country will emerge from this unholy war with a fame world wide and her honor untarnished.

Very respectfully,

F. R. LUBBOCK.

MOBILE, November 16, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN:

I have the pleasure of advising you that the Mobile and Great Northern Railroad was, according to our contract, put in operation on yesterday, the 15th instant.

W. D. DUNN,

President.

[NOVEMBER 16 and 18, 1861. -For Clark to Benjamin, in relation to the organization and disposition of troops in view of the disaffection in North Carolina counties bordering on Tennessee, and Benjamin's reply (21st), see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, pp. 209, 210, 214.]

[NOVEMBER 16, 1861. -For A. S. Johnston to Harris, in relation to troops furnished by the State of Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 558.]

[NOVEMBER 17, 1861. -For Brown to Benjamin, urging the importance of sending troops to the line of Tennessee, to aid in suppressing revolt in that section, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 209.]

RICHMOND, November 18, 1861.

THE CONGRESS OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

The few weeks which have elapsed since your adjournment have brought us so near the close of the year that we are now able to sum up its general results. The retrospect is such as should fill the hearts

