
While the war which is waged to take from us the right of self-government can never attain that end, it remains to be seen how far it may work a revolution in the industrial system of the world, which may carry suffering to other lands as well as to our own. In the meantime we shall continue this struggle in humble dependence upon Providence, from whose searching scrutiny we cannot conceal the secrets of our hearts, and to whose rule we confidently submit our destinies. For the rest we shall depend upon ourselves. Liberty is always won where there exists the unconquerable will to be free, and we have reason to known the strength that is given by a conscious sense not only of the magnitude but of the righteousness of our cause.

JEFF'S DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

November 18, 1861.

GENTLEMEN OF THE CONVENTION:

On the 17th day of June last I transmitted to you a communication, accompanied by sundry documents, intended to show what Virginia had done in the way of preparation, and also what she had done in aiding the successful prosecution of the war in which we are now engaged. In this supplement to that communication I propose to continue the history and to bring down her action to the present time. This course is rendered necessary in consequence of the fact that evil-disposed persons in our midst, claiming to be Virginians by birth, have misrepresented facts and distorted truth with a view of injuring the public authorities in popular estimation and disparaging the efforts made by the Commonwealth to advance the common cause. The authorities are content with a reference to the record, and by that they are willing to allow Virginia to be judged, and her claims to prompt, patriotic, and efficient action to be decided. The paper herewith transmitted from the ordnance department of the State, under the energetic and intelligent administration of Colonel Dimmock, will show the issues of arms, equipments, and munitions of war since the 14th day of June last to the present time. This report completes that branch of the history of the operations of the State, and to it any Virginian can refer with the proudest satisfaction. The amount expended by the State for war purposes since the secession of Virginia exceeds $6,000,000. Every demand against her had been promptly considered and disposed of by the auditing board, and it is a source of infinite satisfaction to me to know that every demand has been paid on presentation at the treasury. The auditing board are especially deserving of the blanks of the convention for the zeal, industry, and faithfulness with which their onerous and important duties have ben discharged.

* * * *

An ordinance of the convention, passed April the 17th, 1861, instructed the Executive to "invite all efficient and worthy Virginians and residents of Virginia in the Army and Navy of the United States therefrom to enter the service of Virginia, assigning to them such rank as will not reverse the relative rank held by them in the U. S. service, and will at least be equivalent thereto. " And by an ordinance passed April the 30th, 1861, you extended the invitation to "officers in the revenue service and coast-survey service of the United

