
elected by the members of this convention in such manner as may be prescribed by this convention.

SEC. 2. The Governor and Council are hereby invested with full power to pass all laws necessary to effect the objects contemplated by the formation of this government. They shall have full control of the army and navy of this Commonwealth and the militia thereof.

SEC. 3. No law shall be passed, or act done, or appointment made, either civil or military, by the provisional government except with the concurrence of a majority, by the provisional government except with the concurrence of a majority of the Council and approval of the Governor, except as herein specially provided.

SEC. 4. In case of a vacancy in the gubernatorial office occasioned by the death, resignation, or any other cause, the Council shall have power to elect a Governor as his successor, who shall not, however, be a member of their body.

SEC. 5. The Council hereby established shall consist of one person selected from each Congressional district in the State, to be chosen by this convention, who shall have power to fill all vacancies from any cause from the district in which such vacancy shall occur.

SEC. 6. The Council shall have power to pass any acts which they may deem essential to the preservation of our liberty and the protection of our rights, and such acts, when approved by the Governor, shall become law and as such shall be sustained by the courts and other departments of the government.

SEC. 7. The Governor shall nominate and, by and with the advice and consent of the Council, shall appoint all judicial and executive rs necessary for the enforcement of law and the protection of society under the extraordinary circumstances now existing, who shall continue in office during the pleasure of the Governor and Council, or until the establishment of a permanent government.

SEC. 8. The Governor shall have power, by and with the consent and advice of the Council, to conclude a treaty with the Confederate States of America, by which the State of Kentucky may be admitted as one of said Confederate States upon an equal footing in all respects with the other States of said Confederacy.

SEC. 9. That three commissioners shall be appointed by this convention to the Government of the Confederate States of America, with power to negotiate and treat with said Confederate States for the earliest practicable admission of Kentucky into the Government of said Confederate States of America, who shall report the result of their mission to the Governor and Council of this provisional government for such future action as may be deemed advisable; and should less than the full number attend, such as may attend may conduct such negotiation.

SEC. 10. So soon as an election can be held free from the influence of the armies of the United States, the provisional government shall provide for the assembling of a convention to adopt such measures as may be necessary and expedient for the restoration of a permanent government; said convention shall consist of 100 delegates, one from each Representative district in the State, except the counties of Mason and Kenton, each of which shall be entitled to two delegates.

SEC. 11. An auditor and treasurer shall be appointed by the provisional government, whose duties shall be prescribed by law, and who shall give bond with sufficient security for the faithful discharge of the duties of the respective officers, to be approved by the Governor and Council.

