
SEC. 12. The following oath shall be taken by the Governor, members of the Councill other officers, civil and military, who may be commissioned and appointed by this provisional government:

I, ----

-----

, do solemnly swear (or affirm) in the presence of Almighty God, and upon my honor, that I will observe and obey all laws passed by the provisional government of Kentucky: So help me God.

SEC. 13. The Governor shall receive as his salary $2,000 pr annum, and the Councilmen $5 per diem while in session, and the salary of the other officers shall be fixed by law.

SEC. 14. The constitution and laws of Kentucky not inconsistent with the acts of this convention and the establishment of this government, and the laws which may be enacted by the Governor and Council, shall be the laws of this State.

SEC. 15. That whenever the Governor and Council shall have concluded a treasury with the Confederate States of America for the admission of this State into the Confederate Government, that the Governor and Councils hall elect two Senators and provide by law for the election of members of the House of Representatives in Congress.

SEC. 16. The provisional government hereby established shall be located at Bowling Green Ky., but the Governor and Council shall have power to meet at any other place that they may consider appropriate.

Done at Russellville, in the State of Kentucky, this 20th day of November, A. D. 1861.

* * * *

H. C. BURNETT,

President of the Convention.

R. MCKEE,

Secretary of the Convention.

[NOVEMBER 19, 1861. -For Milton to Davis, in relation to military affairs in Florida, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 325.]

[NOVEMBER 19, 1861. -For Bragg to Cooper, in relation to reorganization of twelve months' men in the Army of Pensacola, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 768.]

[NOVEMBER 19, 1861. -For Benjamin to A. S. Johnston, authorizing the latter to call out all the armed men from Mississippi, Northern Alabama, Kentucky, or Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. IV, p. 565.]

BOWLING GREEN, KY., November 21, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: The convention which assembled at Russellville on the 18th of this month, composed of delegates from sixty-eight counties, and which organized a provisional government for Kentucky, appointed the Hon. Henry C. Burnett, the Hon. William Preston, and the Hon. William E. Simms commissioners to treat with the Government of the

