
not in any event despair; but believing that God himself has so organize human society and interests as t implant forever in truth an irresistible power, even if you abandon us we will fearlessly struggle on to the consummation of our own destiny.

With assurances of my high regard and esteem, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. JOHNSON.

[NOVEMBER 21, 1861. -For Bragg's circular with reference to the reorganization of his old regiments for the war, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 770.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

New Orleans, November 22, 1861.

His Excellency T. O. MOORE,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Louisiana Militia:

SIR: I respectfully transmit my annual report of the condition of the militia of this State: The two regiments of regulars of the State army, organized by virtue of the ordinance, No. 12, of the convention of the 5th of February, 1861, were transferred to the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, in conformity to the ordinance of the 13th of March, 1861. I have the honor to annex a list of the officers at the time of the transfer, and the promotions and appointments which have taken place since the transfer. (See Document A. *) These regimens are in active service of the Confederated States, the artillery stationed in the various forts of this State and the infantry at Pensacola. The appointment of Colonel A. H. Gladden to a brigadier-general's commission, Confederate Army, has placed the regiment under the command of Colonel Dan W. Adams. At the time of the transfer the regiment of infantry was incomplete, yet progressing rapidly in recruiting men. This regiment was suddenly called to Pensacola. To complete these companies it became necessary to call upon volunteers. Five companies tendered their services and were accepted-the Orleans Cadets, of New Orleans, Captain C. D. Dreux; the Louisiana Guards, of New Orleans, Captain S. M. Todd; the Crescent Rifles, of New Orleans, Captain S. W. Fisk; the Grivot Guards, of La Fourche, Captain N. H. Rightor; the Shreveport Grays, of Caddo, Captain J. H. Beard. They were with the regiment stationed at Warrington up to June last, when the regiment having received its complement of regular companies, these companies were relieved from duty at Warrington. They formed themselves into a special battalion, under the command of Lieut. Colonel Charles D. Dreux and Major N. H. Rightor, and were ordered to Yorktown, Va. Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux was killed whilst in the performance of his duties and the battalion is now under the command of Lieut. Colonel N. H. Rightor.

On the 18th of April, 1861, a requisition from the Secretary of War for 3,000 infantry for twelve months' service was received. The following order was issued:

PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.
HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,New Orleans, April 17, 1861.

The President of the Confederate States having made a requisition upon the Governor of Louisiana for 3,000 infantry to serve for twelve months unless sooner

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

