
William G. Vincent lieutenant-colonel, and William R. Shivers as major, and transferred to the Confederate States on the 29th of April and ordered to Virginia. Colonel Blanchard has since been appointed brigadier-general in the Confederate Army, and Lieutenant-Colonel Vincent elected colonel of the regiment. The Second Regiment was organized with Lewis G. De Russy as colonel, John Young as lieutenant-colonel, and I. T. Norwood as major, mustered into service on the 11th of May, 1861, and ordered to Virginia. Colonel De Russy having resigned, Captain William M. Levy was elected to fill the vacancy. The Third Regiment was organized with Louis Hebert as colonel, S. M. Hyams as lieutenant-colonel, and W. F. Tunnard as major; was mustered into service on the 11th of May, and ordered to Arkansas, and from thence to Missouri. It participated in the battle of Oak Hills, performing deeds of valor. The Fourth Regiment organized with R. J. Barrow as colonel, H. W. Allen as lieutenant-colonel, and S. E. Hunter as major. The Fifth Regiment organized with Theodore G. Hunt colonel, Henry Forno lieutenant-colonel, and W. T. Dean major. At this period, while other regiments were in process of organization, the companies having mustered into the State service, to be transferred to the Confederate States for the period of twelve months under the proclamations after the transfer of the Third Regiment, a communication from the War Department was received declining to accept any more regiments unless for the term of the war. To this communication Your Excellency earnestly protested, and urged upon the Secretary of War the necessity of accepting the regiments already organized for the twelve months' service, but with no success. The following order was then issued:

ORDER HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 359.New Orleans, May 15, 1861.

I. The commander-in-chief has been officially notified by the Secretary of War that no more twelve-months' volunteers will be received from Louisiana in the service of the Confederate States. The Secretary of War has called upon this State for 3,000 volunteers to serve during the war. The commander-in-chief confidently expects that among the twelve-months' volunteers mustered into the service the State he will experience no difficulty in promptly supplying the new requisition. The following rules will be observed among the troops now in the service of the State:

II. Full regiments of volunteers for the war will be receive din preference to battalions, and battalions in preference to companies.

III. If more than one full regiment volunteers for the war, the regiments so volunteering will be transferred to the Confederate States, according to their respective numerical designations.

IV. If full regiments do not present themselves for the war, then battalions which may be formed by the commissioned offices of five companies will be received, and two battalions will be joined by the commander-in-chief to form a regiment and an election for field officers will be ordered.

V. If neither regiments nor battalions volunteer, then companies will be received and afterward formed into battalions or regiments, as the case may be, and an election for field officers will be ordered.

VI. All companies or parts of companies refusing to volunteer for the war will immediately disband, and deliver up their arms and equipments to their captains, who will be held responsible for them.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

This act of the Secretary of War created considerable excitement, both at the camp and in the country. The men who had volunteered, sacrificing their all, believed they were being trifled with, and had the effect of disorganizing the whole system for a while. After some difficulty the Fourth Regiment was accepted for the twelve months'

