
service and was transferred on the 25th of May, 1861. All the influence that could be brought to bear upon the War Department was exercised by Your Excellency to obtain the acceptance of the Fifth Regiment, and all the corps at Camp Moore, for the twelve months' service, but with no success. Still entertaining hopes that the Secretary of War would reflect upon the injury about to be inflicted upon the troops by not accepting their services except for the war term, would reverse and order them to be received, as originally mustered in, for twelve months, [you] granted a delay by Order No. 440, in which the companies were to decide whether they would volunteer for the war or be disbanded. This delay was extended to the 25th of May. This delay having expired, and the companies still refusing to muster in for the term of the war, were disbanded. On the 26th of May (Sunday) Your Excellency received a dispatch from the War Department announcing the fact that the regiments and companies would be accepted for the twelve months' term. It was received at a late hour; the morning train of the Jackson railroad had left. Upon application to Captain J. S. Williams, superintendent of the road, he kindly offered his services to convey by an express train to Camp Moore the orders countermanding the disbanding of the troops; but it was too late-the mischief had been done. A large number of companies had been disbanded and were o their way home. Shortly after it was ascertained that twelve-months' troops would be received, both in the country and city, the organization recommenced with redoubled vigor.

The Fifth Regiment, which had received a check, completed its organization and was mustered into service on the 25th of May, 1861, and was immediately ordered to Virginia. The Sixth Regiment, organized with I. G. Seymour as colonel, Louis Lay as lieutenant-colonel, and S. L. James as major, was mustered into service on the 4th of June, 1861, and ordered to Virginia. The Seventh Regiment, organized with Harry T. Hays as colonel, Charles De Choiseul as lieutenant-colonel, and D. B. Penn, major, was mustered into service on the 5th of June, 1871, and ordered to Virginia. The Eighth Regiment, organized with Henry B. Kelly as colonel, F. T. Nicholls as lieutenant-colonel, and J. B. Prados as major, was mustered into service on the 15th of June. The Sixth, Seventh and Eighth Regiments were engaged int he memorable battles of Bull /run on the 18th and of Manassas on the 21st of July, 1861, and rendered important service. The Ninth Regiment, organized with Richard Taylor as colonel, E. G. Randolph as lieutenant-colonel, and N. J. Walker, major, was mustered into service on the 6th of July, 1861, and ordered to Virginia. The Tenth Regiment, organized with Mandeville Marigny as colonel, J. C. Denis as lieutenant-colonel, and Felix Dumonteil as major, was mustered into service on the 22d of July, 1861, and ordered to Virginia. The Eleventh Regimen, organized with S. F. Marks as colonel, Robert H. Barrow as lieutenant-colonel, and E. G. W. Butler as major, was mustered into service on the 18th of August, 1861, and ordered to Columbus, Ky. This regiment was in the battle of Belmont, and was mainly instrumental in gaining the victory. Major Butler fell while gallantly leading his men. The Twelfth Regiment, organized with Thomas M. Scott as colonel, Wade H. Hough as lieutenant-colonel, and John C. Knott as major, was mustered into service on the 13th of August, 1861, and ordered to Columbus, Ky.

The Thirteenth Regiment organized with R. L. Gibson as colonel, Aristides Gerard as lieutenant-colonel, and A. P. Avegno as major;

