
State, and that a prompt and thorough organization should be had, the following order was issued:

ORDERS,HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 1147. New Orleans, September 28, 1861.

1. Major-generals of divisions will, on receipt of this order, proceed immediately to the effective organization of the militia within the limits of their command.

2. In their respective regiments colonels will cause the census of all persons subject to militia duty to be taken by the company officers within the company beats. There will be two lists; on the one will be placed the names and residence of all persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five subject to militia duty, and on the other, which shall be designated as the "black-list," will be placed the names and residence of all persons between the ages above mentioned subject to said duty who shall in any way attempt to evade the performance thereof, their aiders, abettors, and advisers, or who shall in any manner obstruct the officers in the execution of their functions, Such persons shall be marked and designated as suspicious and enemies to the South.

3. No volunteer companies, unless organized and commissioned by the Governor, shall be recognized. Such organizations shall be allowed five days from the promulgation of this order to apply for commissions. No home guards or companies organized for service only within the limits of a town, city, or parish will be acknowledged, except companies or corps the members whereof are subjects of a foreign prince or government, or composed exclusively of persons over forty-five years.

4. In the regiments of the First Division captains of companies will make, within three days after the receipt of this order, a true and correct return of the census thus made, through the proper channel, to the major-general. In the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Divisions the returns of the census shall be made in a similar manner by captains within ten days after the receipt of the order.

5. Immediately after the returns have been made the colonels of the regiments of the First Division will order daily company drills, after 3 p. M. (Sundays excepted), with full power and authority to the captains or other officer in command of the company to compel obedience to the orders and to enforce strict military discipline. The colonels shall order, at such time and place as they may deem proper, at least once a week, battalion or regimental drills. In the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Divisions colonels will order company drills at least twice a week, giving the captains full power and authority to enforce obedience to the orders and also strict military discipline; and colonels shall order battalion or regimental drills at such time and place within the regimental bounds as they may deem proper, at least three times a month. Should any person refuse to obey any order thus given, or neglect to attend, without good and valid cause the drills above mentioned, they shall be noted and marked as suspicious, and treated accordingly; and it is the duty of all captains and colonels to report to headquarters without delay the name and residence of the delinquent.

6. At company, battalion, or regimental drills, or for the performance of any duty ordered, or for musters and reviews companies and corps shall report themselves present, with such arms as they may possess, whether muskets, rifles, or shotguns, until it shall be in the power of the State to furnish other arms.

7. Every officer who shall neglect or refuse to carry out the object of this order, or shall fail to comply promptly with any order given by his superior, who shall fail or refuse to attend drills, musters, parades, and reviews, without good and sufficient cause, shall be immediately placed under arrest and court-martialed.

8. Any person subject to militia duty who shall refuse or neglect to perform such duty, or to attend company, battalion, or regimental drills, musters, or parades, besides being marked as suspicious shall be subject to the fines imposed by the act of 1853 for each and every offense.

9. In the First Division a permanent general court-martial will be established by the commander-in-chief, with, power to convene at least once a week, in the city of New Orleans; and in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Divisions there shall be a permanent general court-martial, which shall convene at such place as the commander-in-chief may designate, three times a month, for the trial of all officers delinquent.

10. Major-generals and all other officers in command of divisions are strictly charged with the execution of this order, and will enforce it to the fullest extent. They will make a report to the adjutant-general the return of the militia force within their respective commands without delay.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana Militia.

48 R R-SERIES IV, VOL II

