
and have received no pay. These notices fill up a column or two or the paper, is an expense in the setting up of the type, and I deem it but just the publishers should be remunerated. I therefore cheerfully recommend an appropriation to meet the expenses of publication of these notices.

On the 17th of November, 1861, an order was issued for a review of all the volunteer and regular militia of the First Division, under command of Major Gen. John L. Lewis. The troops assembled on Canal street on Saturday, the 23d of November, 1861, were passed in review by Your Excellency, accompanied by Major Gen. M. Lovell, commanding Department No. 1, C. S. Army; Brigadier-General Ruggles, C. S. Army, and staffs. This assemblage was the largest and most imposing that had as yet taken place. The troops appeared in full numbers and displayed discipline and a drill which could have been scarcely anticipated from the short period in which they have been drilling. The force out on that occasion is estimated at a very large figure. The complete returns of the various companies have not yet been received, and I cannot give official returns, but will make a supplemental report as soon as received.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector-General of Louisiana.

[NOVEMBER 25, 1861. -For message of President Davis, in relation

to the admission of Missouri into the Confederacy, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 757.]

NOVEMBER 25, 1861.

Hon. HOWELL COBB,

President of the Congress:

I have the honor herewith to transmit a communication* from the Provisional Governor of Kentucky informing me of the appointment of commissioners on the part of that State to treat with the Government of the Confederate States of America for the recognition of said State and its admission into the Confederacy. Also a communication from the president and members of the convention which declared the separation of Kentucky from the United States and adopted the provisional government as therein recited. Two of the three commissioners thus appointed have presented their credentials and submitted a proposition to enter upon negotiations for the admission of the State of Kentucky into the Confederacy. Before entering upon such negotiation I have deemed it proper to lay the case before Confederacy. Before entering upon such negotiation I have deemed it proper to lay the case before Congress and ask its advice. The history of this controversy involving the State of Kentucky is so well known to the Congress that it is deemed unnecessary to enter here into a statement of the various stages through which it has passed. It may, however, be proper to advert to the fact that in every form in which the question has been presented to the people of Kentucky we have sufficient evidence to assure us that by a large majority their will has been manifested to unite their destinies with the Southern States whenever, despairing of the preservation of the Union, they should be required to choose between association with the North or the South. In both the communications presented will be found a powerful exposition of the misrepresentation of the people by the government of Kentucky, and it has

---------------

*See Johnson to Davis, November 21, p. 743.

---------------

