
led me to the conclusion that the revolution in which they are engaged offered the only remedy within their reach against usurpation and oppression, to which it would be a reflection upon that gallant people to suppose that they would tamely submit. That this proceeding for the admission of Kentucky into the Confederacy is wanting in the formality which characterized that of the States which seceded by the action of their organized government is manifested-indeed admitted-by terming it revolutionary. This imposes the necessity for examining the evidence to establish the fact that the popular will is in favor of admission of the State in the Confederacy. To this end I refer the Congress to the commissioners who have presented to me many facts which (if opportunity be afforded them) they will no doubt as freely communicate to the Congress. The conclusion at which I have arrived is that there is enough of merit in the application to warrant a disregard of its irregularity; that it is the people-that is to say, the State-who seek to confederate with us; that though embarrassed they cannot rightfully be controlled by a Government which violates its obligations and usurps powers in derogation of the liberty which it was instituted to preserve; and that, therefore, we may rightfully recognize the provisional government of Kentucky and under its auspices admit the State into the Confederacy. In reaching this conclusion I have endeavored to divest myself of the sentiments which strongly attract me toward that State, and to regard considerations, military and political, subordinate to propriety and justice in the determination of the question. I now invite the early attention of Congress that I may be guided by its advice in my action.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[NOVEMBER 25, 1861. -For Secretary of War to Governor Harris, in relation to numerical designation of Tennessee organizations, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 220.]

A RESOLUTION authorizing the transfer of funds to foreign parts.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to transfer and place on deposit, in the hands of any foreign banker, such amount of money, not exceeding $2,000,000, as the public exigencies may require, and that he be authorized to make the transfer by remittance of bills or shipment of produce as he may deem most advantageous.

Approved November 26, 1861.

[NOVEMBER 26, 1861. -For Cooper to A. S. Johnston, requesting suspension of order for muster out of twelve-months' unarmed Mississippi troops, see Series I, VOL. VII, p. 705.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, SUBSISTENCE DEPT.,

Richmond, November 27, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It has obviously been the policy of this department to avoid advertising for bids to furnish meats for the Army. The packing

