
houses within the Confederacy were too few, the demands for the plantation negroes too great, and arrangements for combination too easy, among contractors. Furthermore, the contracts being made would have been paper furnished for bank negotiation to conflict with the interests of the Government. Hence it has been decided to purchase, pack, and cure for itself, by securing all of the packing-houses and the experience of the parties conversant with the business. After having secured all that private persons have failed to grasp, we must look to Kentucky, and as the hopes predicated on a more rapid advance of our forces have proved delusive, it has become necessary to draw from beyond our lines, where our currency will not answer. Gold is necessary, but its price is from 20 to 25 per cent. premium; but pork and beef are one-third less costly, and meat bought and cured from them will be cheaper than what is obtained within our own land. To get this gold paragraph 835, Army Regulations, must be violated. It prohibits such exchanges except at par. This rule is because Government drafts have never been of less value than specie, but these regulations are no more applicable to present circumstances than order is assimilated to confusion. In my better of August 21, responding, by direction of the Executive, to certain complaints from the Army of the Potomac I alluded to what would have to be undertaken by this department in general terms. That letter was approved, and I think by implication that I am authorized by the War Department to do all that is fair and honest to advance the end. I propose to proceed accordingly and authorize my agent to buy gold, not as a Government act, however. If Government were known to be purchasing the price would rise accordingly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[NOVEMBER 27, 1861. -For Pike to Benjamin, in relation to raising Indian troops, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 697.]

AN ACT to admit the State of Missouri into the Confederacy as a member of the Confederate States of America.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the State of Missouri be, and is hereby, admitted as a member of the Confederate States of America, upon an equal footing with the other States of the Confederacy, under the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the same.

Approved November 28, 1861.

RICHMOND, November 28, 1861.

Hon. W. PORCHER MILES,

Chairman Committee Military Affairs,

Congress of Confederate States:

SIR: In answer to your communication of the 27th instant, asking my opinion upon the expediency and practicability of a proposed increase of the pay of privates in the Confederate service, I have the

