
honor to state that according to existing laws the monthly pay of a private of cavalry is $12, of artillery and infantry $11. This is believed to be the highest rate of pay for those grades known in any service, and is exclusive of allowance for clothing, subsistence, or other items usually furnished to troops. The act of August 30, 1861, authorizes commutation for clothing not furnished by the Government at the rate of $25 per man for every six months. It appears to me that instead of an increase of pay proper, it would be much better to increase the commutation allowance of clothing to $30 for every six months, which would enable the soldier to make better provision for his comfort in that essential article than he is enabled to do at the present rate. This increased expense for clothing for a regiment of 1,000 men for one year would be $10,000; for 200,000 men it would be $2,000,000 per annum. The increase of army appropriation consequent on the increase of $5 pay per month to each private would for a regiment of 1,000 men be $60,000 for one year, and for 200,000 men for the same time it would be $12,000,000. I avail myself of this occasion to bring to your notice, respectfully, the fact that it does not appear, so far as I have examined the acts of the Congress of the Confederate States, that any provision has been made for wounded and disabled soldiers in the line of their duty or for the families of such as have been killed in battle, and to suggest whether something should not be done by the present Congress to provide for such cases.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

COUNCIL CHAMBER,

Bowling Green, Ky., November 28, 1861.

Be it remembered that on this day a bill was passed by the Council of the provisional government of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to wit:

AN ACT to empower the Governor to appoint a commissioner to the Confederate States of America on the subject of banks.

Whereas, information has been received by the Governor and Council of the provisional government of the State of Kentucky that various banks of the State of Kentucky have, in obedience to unconstitutional law, and at the behest of foreign military power, loaned their respective quotas of $5,000,000, demanded of them under the pretext of a loan, to be used in the subjugation of the free people of this Commonwealth to the dominion of the old Federal Government; and

Whereas, the State of Kentucky is a stockholder in said banks, said stock having been purchased with funds raised by direct or indirect taxation on all the people, and to the extent of such stock the people are interested in, and of right should control, said funds; and

Whereas, this government is fully persuaded that the people do not desire their own funds to be used for their own subjugation and enslavement: Wherefore, to prevent which,

Be it enacted by the Council of the provisional government of the State of Kentucky, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, empowered and instructed to appoint a commissioner, whose duty it shall be to proceed forthwith to the capital of the Confederate States of America to confer with the proper authorities of that Government as to the most practicable manner of securing all moneys and all other assets of the following banks, viz: The Bank of Kentucky, the Northern Bank of Kentucky and the Farmers' Bank of Kentucky, now in the city of New Orleans or elsewhere within the Confederate States, and that said Confederate States are requested to co-operate with said commissioner in securing said moneys and assets.

