
Said commissioner, when said money or assets shall have come to his hands, shall hold the same subject to the future control of the Government; he shall keep in suitable books selected by him an accurate account of all moneys or assets received by him, to whom they belong, their character, nature, and extent, which books shall at all times be open to the inspection of the Governor and Council of the provisional government of the State. He shall also report to the Governor and Council monthly his actings and doings. Before any of said moneys or assets shall be received by said commissioner he shall execute bond in the sum of $50,000, payable to the Governor and Council of the provisional government of Kentucky, with good and sufficient security, to be approved by the Governor, and he shall moreover, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, take the oath prescribed by law for the officers of the Government.

W. B. MACHEN,

President of the Council.

Approved November 28, 1861.

G. W. JOHNSON,

Provisional Governor.

By the Governor:

R. McKEE,

Secretary of State.

And be it also remembered that on this the 30th day of November, 1861, in pursuance of the provisions of the foregoing bill, the following order was entered upon the journal of the Council aforesaid, to wit: "A message was received from the Governor nominating John D. Morris, esq., as commissioner under an act entitled 'An act to empower the Governor to appoint a commissioner to the Confederate States of America on the subject of banks,'" which nomination was confirmed.

Attest.

A. FRANK BROWN,

Clerk of the Council of the Provisional Government of Kentucky.

AN ACT to enable the State of Missouri to elect members of the House of Representatives.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, as follows: In case the State of Missouri shall adopt and ratify the Constiermanent government of the Confederate States of America, the time for holding in said State the first electing for members of the House of Representatives in the Congress of said Confederate States, under said Constitution, shall be such as may be designated by the Legislature of said State; which election shall be conducted, in all respects, according to said Constitution and the law of said State, then in force for that purpose; and if no provision by law shall have been made for such election, then according to the laws heretofore existing therein for the election of members of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States.

SEC. 2. The State of Missouri shall be entitled to elect thirteen members to the House of Representatives, the same being upon the basis of one member for every ninety thousand representative population, and one additional member for a fraction over one-half of the ratio aforesaid, under the census of the United States, taken in eighteen hundred and sixty, and being the same basis of representation fixed for the seven original States in said Constitution for permanent government.

Approved November 29, 1861.

