
command of regiments while ranking only as lieutenants or captains, and have seen their juniors elevated above them and placed on the great highway of distinction without an opportunity to share in the perils and rewards of active service. It is true that the rank thus conferred is temporary and that after the war the relative positions of all the officers will remain the same. But why should not the like temporary rank be bestowed on those who are unwillingly compelled to perform the most unacceptable duty as well as on those who are favored with positions where they obtain not only temporary rank but opportunity for fame, fortune, and the gratitude and admiration of their countrymen. I respectfully suggest that the Executive should be authorized to grant such temporary rank (to cease at the end of the war) as may seem to him to be due to those officers in the Bureaus of the Adjutant-General, Chief of Engineers, and Chief of Ordnance who may seem best to merit such mark of approval for arduous and faithful service.

Ninth. There are some officers, formerly in the service of the United States, who resigned their positions in consequence of the secession of their native States, and have tendered their services to the Confederacy, but who, from advanced age, physical infirmity, and other like cause, are not in a condition to render service in this great struggle for independence. The public interest does not permit their appointment for active service, yet it seems most ungracious that their patriotism and fidelity to duty should be visited by the penalty of the loss of rank and pay. The wisdom of Congress is invoked for proper legislation to meet and provide for such cases.

Tenth. There seems to be doubt whether, under a proper construction of the law, promotion by seniority, except among field officers, should take place in regiments organized by the President. Companies are received with their officers as elected. The President organizes them into battalions or regiments and appoints the field officers. When vacancies subsequently occur among the field officers, are the captains, who were not appointed, but elected, entitled to rise by seniority, or has the President the power to fill by appointment? The latter seems far preferable; but whatever be the opinion of Congress on the subject, the rule ought to be fixed.

Eleventh. In the arrangements for hospitals no provision is made for laundresses. It is recommended that authority be given to employ them at a compensation of $8 per month and one ration per diem.

Twelfth. Hitherto commissions have not been issued to any of the officers, either of the permanent or Provisional Army. The pressure of business has rendered the preparation and singing of the very large number of commissions needed for the Army almost impracticable. Arrangements have, however, been made for their early delivery, but it will evidently, be impossible for the President to sign them all in person. Provision is necessary to empower him to have the commissions signed by some officer to be delegated for that purpose.

Thirteenth. The interruption of commerce by the war has rendered it necessary to supply many articles of prime military necessity by home manufacture, and the duties of the Chief of Ordnance have thus been varied and multiplied to an unprecedented extent. In addition to the articles usually manufactured in a military laboratory, it has been necessary to manufacture for the use of the laboratory articles usually found in the shops. Sulphuric acid, nitric acid, dif-

