
war, be allowed by turns, and in such numbers at a time as not to endanger the safety of the Army, a moderate furlough. To this let there be added two or three months' pay per man, and there can be little doubt that a large majority of the twelve-months' men would re-enlist for the war, thus enabling us to take the field in the spring with vigor and efficiency. If Congress concur in these views the legislation should be immediate and every effort of the Department would be directed to insuring its success.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

Resolved, That the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina has full confidence in the ability, integrity, and patriotism of Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, and in the wisdom and statesmanship of his administration.

Resolved, That it is the sense of this General Assembly that the administration of President Davis is entitled to the earnest and vigorous support of the good people of this Commonwealth.

[Indorsement.]

Resolved, That the Senate do agree to the resolutions.

Ordered, That they be sent to the House of Representatives for concurrence.

By order of-

WILLIAM E. MARTIN,

Clerk of the Senate.

Per WILLIAM D. MARTIN.

In the Senate, November 29, 1861.

Resolved, That the House do concur in the resolutions.

Ordered, That they be returned to the Senate.

By order of-

JOHN T. SLOGAN,

Clerk House of Representatives.

In the House of Representatives, November 30, 1861.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November -, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for submission to Congress the estimate of the appropriations necessary for the public service in this Department up to the 1st of April next. I beg to remark that estimates were submitted at the last session for the amount necessary to conduct the war up to the 18th of February next, on the scale of magnitude which my predecessor believed to be impending, but his estimates were greatly reduced, in the hope (rather, perhaps, than in the expectation) that the enemy would be unable to put in the field so large a force as 500,000 men then threatened. The reality is, however, now upon us, and there is no escape from the necessity of meeting this gigantic invasion at every point of assault. From Arizona to the Chesapeake Bay and along the whole of our

