
vessel, and then whenever you think the chance of escape such as would induce you to try it for yourself if uninsured, you would be justified in allowing these vessels to depart.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

D.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 25, 1861.

J. P. LEVY,

Wilmington, N. C.:

SIR: Your letter of November 20 in regard to your proposed voyage, which had been previously brought to the attention of the Department by your letter to Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, is received.

The Government will make no objection to your voyage as proposed, but can make no advance of money nor take any interest or risk in connection with it.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, December 2, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the annexed list of goods on board ship Cheshire, at Nassau, New Providence, for sale, deliverable there. Will you but them, and at what advance on the coast in England? I expect another somewhat similar cargo by the Consul, to Halifax, by the 15th instant. Will you but it also, deliverable there? If your commissaries do not put a limit on prices they will soon exhaust your credit in their reckless purchases-coffee $1 to $1. 20 per pound, and many other things nearly as bad. They are the only buyers of provisions, and can fix the prices, and they should be moderate and fair, and pay no more. They can get as much coffee at 30 and 40 cents as at $2 per pound. Nor is it necessary to buy coffee at such prices at all. The volunteers would not expect it. Please excuse these suggestions.

Very respectfully,

G. B. LAMAR.

Memorandum of goods imported per British ship Cheshire from Liverpool to Nassau, New Providence.

Seven hundred and twenty-one bags coffee, 4,000 sacks salt, 500 boxes coke terre plates, 500 boxes charcoal tin plates, 38 casks pickles, 75 crates earthenware, 2 cases cotton twist, 5 bales worsted shirts, hose, &amp;c., 5 bales twine, 60 bales and 20 packages blankets, 1 case pins and needles, 2 cases and 1 package drugs and cotton lint, 1 bale buntings, 1 bale counterpanes, 1 case boots, 12 boxes block tin.

[Indorsement.]

For coffee the highest price hitherto paid, as far as the records of this office show, has not exceeded 41 cents. The limit has been fixed

