
final, and for the independence we have asserted we will accept no alternative.

Resolved, That we have full confidence in the wisdom, integrity, and patriotism of the President of the Confederate States, and we congratulate him and our whole country upon the success with which he has administered the Government.

Resolved, That to the officers and soldiers who have gone forth to meet the dangers of this war are under a deep debt of gratitude for the valor and fortitude with which they have defended us from the assaults of our enemies and illustrated the glory of our arms.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolution be sent to our Representatives in Congress with a request that they be communicated to His Excellency the President of the Confederate States of America and to Congress.

Passed and ratified in open convention the 6th day of December, A. D. 1861.

W. N. EDWARDS,

President of the Convention.

JAMES H. MOORE,

Secretary of the Convention.

AN ACT for the employment of laundresses in military hospitals.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That superintendents of the different military hospitals be, and they are hereby, authorized to employ laundresses for the sick and wounded soldiers, at such rates and in such numbers as may be prescribed by the War Department.

Approved December 7, 1861.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,DEPT. OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,

Tallahassee, December 7, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a communication from the president of the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad Company, and also one from the chief engineer of the same, both in reference to what I deem a very important matter, and one to which I take the liberty of soliciting and urging your early and earnest attention. I fully concur in and indorse the views expressed by Mr. Latrobe, the chief engineer. If the necessary pecuniary aid, some $80,000, can be obtained from the Government, this, the only missing link in the chain of railroads between this point and Richmond, can be supplied by the 1st of March proximo. The iron is already in the country.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, December 19, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded and recommended to the favorable consideration of the Honorable Secretary of War.

