
If aid can be extended so as to complete the connection between the railroads in question, it will be of the greatest advantage in a military point of view at the present time.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 26, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE Pensacola AND GEORGIA RAILROAD COMPANY,

Tallahassee, December 6, 1861.

General TRAPIER:

SIR: In compliance with your verbal request I inclose to you a communication from Mr. Latrobe, the chief engineer of this company, showing the condition of the work on the branch road connecting the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad with the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad of Georgia. In September last, in an interview with Mr. H. Roberts, the acting president of the Georgia road, I was informed that his company had progressed far enough with their grading to commence track laying, and that his company had iron enough to lay the portion of the connecting line in the State of Georgia and would co-operate with this company if we could procure the iron.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. HOUSTOUN,

President.

[Sub-inclosure.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Pensacola AND GEORGIA, R. R.,

Tallahassee, December 6, 1861.

Colonel E. HOUSTOUN,

President Pensacola and Georgia Railroad Company:

SIR: In accordance with your desire to know the present condition of the Florida portion of the Georgia connection, twenty-two miles in length, in order that you may lay the same before the military authorities of the Confederate States, petitioning for aid in obtaining iron to complete a work so necessary to the successful defense of our Gulf coast, I submit the following: The grading is complete, excepting one mile, which the contractors now at work will finish by January 1, 1861 [1862]. The necessary culverts are all in with some few exceptions- four, I think, which could not delay the progress of the track laying. The cross-ties for eight miles north of the point of divergence from the Pensacola and Georgia Railroad are delivered along the line of road, making the track complete to the south bank of the Suwannee River. From the north bank of the Suwannee River to the Georgia State line, a distance of fourteen miles, six miles of cross-ties are ready for the road, leaving eight miles still to be furnished. These are contracted for and will be forthcoming at an early date. The work still to be done consist, therefore, of one mile of grading, eight miles of cross-ties, and the building of the Suwannee bridge, a simple structure of one span (160 feet), for which the drawings and patterns are all prepared, and which, according to our recent consultation and decision, will be

