
RALEIGH, N. C., December 9, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

SIR: As the organ of the convention of the State of North Carolina I have the high satisfaction of transmitting to you a series of resolutions unanimously passed by that body. * In performing this duty I take great pleasure in assuring you that, from unmistakable indications of public opinion derived through the most reliable channels, the people of North Carolina, with unsurpassed and, I think I may add, unequaled unanimity, cordially concur in the sentiments of the resolutions. It is with no less pleasure I add that they feel a pride in having a Chief Magistrate in whom they can repose entire confidence, and upon whose official fidelity and eminent statesmanship and ardent devotion to the cause of your young Republic they confidently rely to conduct them safely through the trying periods of the momentous crisis now upon them, and that they will cheerfully yield up all they have and all they are in support of your patriotic efforts in the cause of constitutional liberty.

Accept, if you please, assurances of my profound respect, and of the high consideration with which I am, your obedient servant,

W. N. EDWARDS,

Chairman of the Convention.

AN ACT for the admission of the State of Kentucky into the Confederate States of America as a member thereof.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the State of Kentucky be, and is hereby, admitted a member of the Confederate States of America, on an equal footing with the other States of this Confederacy.

Approved December 10, 1861.

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of chief buglers and principal musicians to regiments in the Provisional Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a chief bugler or principal musician, according to corps, to each regiment in the Provisional Army.

Approved December 10, 1861.

AN ACT to authorize the Secretary of War to appoint an assistant.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to appoint an assistant, who shall be known as the Assistant Secretary of War, who shall perform such duties as may be assigned him by the Secretary, and receive as compensation for his services $3,000 per annum.

Approved December 10, 1861.

---------------

*See p. 776.

---------------

