
NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, December 10, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: I have just arrived here in distress. Twenty-four hours after leaving Charleston we encountered heavy weather, which increased to a gale, and during forty-eight hours we battled for life inch by inch, expecting every moment to go to the bottom. The water in the hold was up to our ash-pans. It was a terrible time and we had all given up ourselves as lost. The captain, engineers, and crew behaved nobly. The forward works were stove in, but the hull has suffered no injury at least I hope so. Probably the lower tier of cotton is damaged. She will have to be recalled and examined. A portion of her guards will have to be cut off; indeed, we ought never to have gone to sea with the guards. It is altogether too dangerous at this time of the year. This will cause a detention here of several days and an expenditure, including coal, of probably $900 to 1,000. I ascertained an hour after my arrival that a British dispatch-boat was to leave for Havana during the day, and, through the influence of Mr. Adderly, the Governor has allowed the captain of the vessel to give me a passage. I intend, therefore, to leave immediately, and arrange with Mr. Helm so that there may be no unnecessary delay in getting cargo at Cardenas. I trust you will approve of this. If the cotton, or rather a small portion of it, is only slightly wet, I have told the captain to bring it all on the Cardenas. If some of the bales should be badly damaged they may as well be disposed of here. This letter goes by the Gladiator, Captain Bird, who I hope to God will run the blockade safely. Her cargo is immensely valuable, but you will know all about this. Captain Bird was instructed to meet Helm here and was greatly disappointed in not finding him. As it would not do for the steamer to remain here for any length of time, the captain has concluded to go to-morrow, taking with him as pilot Mr. Lockwood, a brother of our captain, who came out on the Isabel. Rather than that he should have failed in getting the right man I would have given up my captain, for the cargo of the Gladiator is worth ten Theodoras. The affair of the Trent, I find, creates a universal feeling of indignation among the Britishers. I heard an officer say that if Government did not resent it becomingly he would forever renounce his title as Englishman.

Remember me kindly to Lieutenant Martin and to Messrs. Kenner and De Clouet, and believe me, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

AN ACT to facilitate and complete the admission of Kentucky into the Confederate States of America.

In pursuance of sections 8 and 9 of the constitution of the provisional government of the State of Kentucky, which empower and direct the Governor and Council to form a treaty for the earliest practicable admission of said State of Kentucky "as one of the Confederate States of America," upon an equal footing in all respects with the other States of said Confederacy, and for the purpose of

