
AN ACT to provide for the election of deputies to the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States of America.

SEC. 1. Be it enacted by the Council of the provisional government of the State of Kentucky, That said Council elect ten deputies to represent the State of Kentucky in the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States of America. Said deputies shall be bona fide citizens of the State of Kentucky, one of whom shall be chosen from each of the Federal Congressional districts of the State as it was last districted, and shall be a resident of the district for which he shall be chosen.

SEC. 2. The time of the election shall be fixed by resolution of the Council.

Approved December 14, 1861.

[DECEMBER 14, 1861. -For Benjamin to Brown, accepting six-months' men from Georgia for local defense, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part Ii, p. 237.]

NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, December 15, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: The Karnak is off the harbor and will leave in a few hours for Havana. As advised, I shall proceed thither and confer with Helm. It is very necessary that some determination be arrived at with regard to the Gladiator. I have not yet sold the cotton, but shall dispose of it finally on my return, which will be on or about the 23d. Bearing in mind the affair of the Trent, I have mailed the dispatches which I received from the State Department, together with the other papers, to my own address in Havana, so that if perchance the Karnak be boarded nothing will be found to compromise me. The Theodore can be made a valuable boat, provided she is thoroughly overhauled, her guards cut down, a mast put in, &amp;c. This, I presume, could be done at an outlay of $500 or $600. Her engine is a very superior one. In her present condition she is not fit to go to sea. You must remember that when she took over our commissioners the sea was as smooth as glass. But you cannot look for such a favorable contingency in the winter and spring months. I think these repairs should be made forthwith and the boat sent back here or to some other point, where she might be rendered available in breaking bulk and transmitting portions of cargoes, such as may be diverted here. As in all probability I shall not be able to find the means of getting home for the next few weeks, it may be worth while to consider whether my services here cannot be made available in some shape similar to the aim you charged me with. I shall state the matter to Helm, who, by the bye, may not be able to leave Cuba. In exercising any discretion of the kind I shall be guided by a single desire to serve you. As it is I am extremely anxious to return home and after having discharged my business at Havana shall consider myself at liberty to do so, if I can find the opportunity. But it may be advisable to yield to other considerations, and in this I sinfluenced by Helm's advice. The Theodore's accounts are not yet made up. I expect she will able to get off the day after to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

