
as may be to the Governor of said State or some one of the judges thereof, shall be guilty of misprision of treason, and on conviction shall be punished by imprisonment and labor in the penitentiary not less than five nor longer than ten years.

Any citizen of the State of Georgia, wherever resident, who shall, without the permission of the said state, directly or indirectly, commence or carry on any verbal or written correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government, or any officer or agent thereof, with any intent to influence the measures or conduct of such government adversely to the existence or interests of said State in relation to any disputes or controversies with said State or to defeat the measures of the government of said State; or if any such person not duly authorized shall counsel, advise, aid, or assist in any such correspondence, such citizen of Georgia shall be guilty of a felony, and on conviction shall be punished by imprisonment in the penitentiary not less than one nor more than three years and by a fine not exceeding $5,000.

Passed January 26, 1861.

GEO. W. CRAWFORD,

President.

Attest.

A. R. LAMAR,

Secretary.

AN ORDINANCE to dissolve the union between the State of Louisiana and other States united with her under the compact entitled "The Constitution of the United States of America. "

We, the people of the State of Louisiana, in convention assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared and ordained, That the ordinance passed by us in convention on the 22d day of November, in the year eighteen hundred and eleven, whereby the Constitution of the United States of America and the amendments of the said Constitution were adopted, and all laws and ordinances by which the State of Louisiana became a member of the Federal Union, be, and the same are hereby, repealed and abrogated; and that the union now subsisting between Louisiana and other States under the name of "The United States of America," is hereWe do further declare and ordain, That the State of Louisiana hereby resumes all rights and powers theretofore delegated to the Government of the United States of America; that her citizens are absolved from all allegiance to said Government, and that she is in full possession and exercise of all those rights of sovereignty which appertain to a free and independent State.

We do further declare and ordain, That all rights acquired and vested under the Constitution of the United States, or any act of Congress, or treaty, or under any law of this State, and not incompatible with this ordinance, shall remain in force and have the same effect as if this ordinance had not been passed.

Adopted in convention at Baton Rouge this 26th day of January, 1861. *

A. MOUTON,

President of the Convention.

Attest.

J. THOS. WHEAT,

Secretary of the Convention.

---------------

*See foot-note, Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 617.

---------------

