
packages directed to real persons at the place or places to which the steamer formerly ran (which names the parties shipping would, of course, know), and that the steamer load at her usual wharf or dock in her usual way, in such manner as to excite no attention, without a single soul around her knowing anything about the cargo or its destination, except the shipping agent or firm, who, as above suggested, would be interested in complete secrecy. Fourth. That powder, which is not allowed to be loaded in London, be placed on board some small vessel, directed to parties in some other port of England, France, &amp; c., and quietly put on board the steamer at her first night's anchoring in the Channel. Fifth. That at this point also the captain and crew intended to run the blockade take charge of the vessel. Sixth. That each ship should have two pilots, previously sent over from the Confederate States, who are perfectly familiar with the coast; that she should carry coal enough to make the entire trip, and have iron, steel, and tools enough on board to make any necessary repairs to boilers or machinery on her way out. A vessel so loaded and provided would only have to select some port on this or some other West India island, as points of inquiry (even if that were necessary), and proceed at once to the Confederate States, with almost a positive certainty of running the blockade successfully.

Respectfully submitted.

Resolved by the General Assembly of Georgia, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized and instructed to tender to the Confederate Government the volunteer forces called into service under the law of one thousand eight hundred and sixty, or which may hereafter be called into service for the State defense, in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, or divisions, as may be found to be acceptable to the War Department of the Confederate States: Provided, That the Confederate States will receive them foeir enlistment and for local defense in this State, under the act of Congress to provide for local defense and special service, approved August twenty-one, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one: And provided further, That if the Confederate States shall not accept said troops, in that event the troops shall remain in service as State troops, under the terms of their enlistment: And provided further, That such tender shall be made, so far as the troops now in the State are concerned, before the fifteenth day of January next, and before a greater sum than $ 1,000,000 is raised or expended as provide for in the twentieth section of the general appropriation bill: And provided further, That none of said troops shall be transferred to the Confederate service without their full consent, first fairly obtained by companies if organized as independent companies, by battalions if organized as independent battalions, or by regiments if organized in regiments.

Be it further resolved, That we earnestly recommend the Confederate Government to receive said State forces, should they assent, with all their field and general officers, and if there be no law now authorizing such acceptance, we respectfully request our Senators and Representatives to urge the passage of a bill to effect so desirable an object.

Assented to December 16, 1861.

