
armies of foreign troops within that State and along her borders, and by suppressing with armed force the freedom of speech and of elections, has prevented the people and their representatives from adopting the political connection which they prefer, and in revenge of their preference has inflicted upon them many outrages and established over them a foreign despotism; and

Whereas, the accession of Maryland to this Confederation will be mutually beneficial, and is essential to the integrity and security of the Confederate Union: Be it therefore -

First. Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the sufferings of the good people of Maryland under the oppression of our enemy excite our profound sympathy and entitle them to speedy and efficient exertions on our part for their relief.

Second. That it is the desire of this Government, by appropriate measures, to facilitate the accession of Maryland, with the free consent of her people, to the Confederate States.

Third. That no peace ought to be concluded with the United States which does not insure to Maryland the opportunity of forming a part of this Confederacy.

Approved December 21, 1861.

HAVANA, December 21, 1861.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo was handed me by Mr. Louis Heyliger on the evening of the 18th instant. When at London, in consultation with Captain Huse, it was agreed that a sailing vessel should be sent to me with arms and munitions of war, to touch at Cardenas for orders; hence my dispatch No. 1, to the State Department, a copy of which has been furnished you. On the 18th day of October Captain Huse writes me from London, as follows:

I have purchased and expect to have ready for sea by the 25th at least (the 25th of October) a schooner. She is to be loaded with ammunition, and will be consigned to you. If possible I shall have on board of her a supercargo, who will have power to dispose of the ship. She will, of course, have to sail under --- colors, and therefore, to avoid all difficulty, owned by a --- subject until she arrives in Cuba.

After giving a list of the cargo and a description of the vessel he continues: "It will be quite impossible for me to remit any money to you. " This communication was the inducement to my second dispatch on this subject to the State Department, No. 5, dated 15th ultimo, a copy of which has doubtless been furnished you by that Department. On the 23d ultimo I received a second communication from Captain Huse, dated 31st of October, informing me that he had not loaded the schooner, but a screw steamer, and says:

She ought to be on the coast from the 25th of November to the 5th of December. Should you have any communication to make with the captain I beg that you will send or go to Nassau. If you can provide a coast pilot at that port it would distribute much to the chances of success, and if such be in your power I beg that you will do so. The captain is a --- subject, and is, I think, fully qualified for his work. He will have a mate that has run the blockade at New Orleans, and who knows something of the Southern (Atlantic) coast. He is an American, and I have some confidence in him as a coast pilot. But if you can possibly have a thoroughly competent one at Nassau, I hope that you will not sparer any efforts to make that arrangement.

This letter, which very fully describes the steamer and cargo, and in which was inclosed a copy of his contract with the owners of the

