
steamer, reached me by the hands of Mr. Davis, president of the Bank of Louisiana, after the Nassau steamer had sailed; and as there is no trade between Havana and Nassau, it was impossible that I could communicate with the captain, or send a pilot to that port, could I have obtained one here, without chartering a vessel for the express purpose. No pilot for any other than the port of New Orleans could be found here at the time, and therefore I did not charter a vessel. (See my dispatch to the State Department, No. 6, dated 1st instant.) On the 15th instant I received a note from the captain of the steamer announcing his arrival at Nassau, and the fact that a U. S. war steamer was in port, and his determination to remain there until he heard from or saw me, and on the 18th I received a second note, in which he says: "I wish particularly to see you. " On the receipt of the first note I engaged a very competent and trustworthy gentleman (Mr. Norris) to proceed to Nassau to aid and assist the captain; but with the Nassau packet came Mr. Heyliger, who had put into that port with the Theodore in distress, and after repairing and dispatching her for the Confederate States came to Havana, I therefore requested Mr. Heliger to return to Nassau to take charge of the steamer, which he very readily consented to do, and to-day sailed on the steamer Karnak, with full power from me to act for the Confederate States.

I think Captain Huse acted wisely in shipping the cargo by steamer instead of a sailing vessel, but if necessary to touch at all before running in, that it is unfortunate he had not directed the captain to touch at Cardenas, Matanzas, or Havana, instead of Nassau, as the cargo could have been discharged and stored here if necessary, which cannot be done at Nassau, as I learn. But this he could not have known. There is now a competent coast pilot on the steamer, and if she can get off from Nassau without capture she will no doubt get safely in. I have received from Mr. Heyliger the bill for $ 3,000, which I will negotiate on the best terms, and devote the proceeds to the purposes for which it is intended, and account to your Department as you direct.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant.

CH. J. HELM.

HAVANA, December 24, 1861.

NOTE. - I have opened this dispatch to say the steamer from Southampton is just in, and the news indicates with almost certainty an immediate declaration of war by England against the Federal Government, and I have thought it prudent to dispatch a vessel to Nassau with the news, that Mr. Heyliger may not take unnecessary risks with property of such great value and so important to the Confederacy. I hope to be able to charter and dispatch a small vessel to-night. Captain Huse writes me that a sailing vessel is now en route for this place with a full cargo, which will probably arrive by the end of the month.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

CH. J. HELM.

AN ACT to exempt the property of the people of Kentucky from sale for the United States war tax, and to prevent the misappropriation of the school fund.

Whereas, the late General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, at the city of Frankfort, during its fall session of one thousand eight hundred and six-one, undertook to appropriate the enormous

