
A RESOLUTION passed by the convention of the people of Mississippi January 26, 1861.

Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives in the Congress of the Southern Confederacy, when it shall be formed, be and they are requested to use their influence to have a military academy similar to that of the United States at West Point, and that the cadets from the seceding States, now or recently at West Point, upon application, be transferred to said academy; and that others be received from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the act of Congress establishing it.

SEC. 2. Be it further resolved, That the secretary of this convention furnish Senators and Representatives with a copy of this resolution.

Attest.

F. A. POPE,

Secretary of the Convention.

[JANUARY 29, 1861. - For the Governor of Alabama to Lomax and Todd, authorizing the acceptance of volunteers, at Pensacola, for twelve months' service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 15.]

TUESDAY, January 29, 1861. *

* * * * *

Mr. Nisbet, from the committee of seventeen to report the ordinance of secession, after stating that it was written by Mr. Toombs, made the following report, which was taken up, read, and adopted:

The people of Georgia having dissolved their political connection with the Government of the United States of America, present to their confederates and the world the causes which have led to the separation. For the last years we have had numerous and serious causes of complaint against our non-slave-holding confederate States with reference to the subject of African slavery. They have endeavored to weaken our security, to disturb our domestic peace and tranquility, and persistently refused to comply with their express constitutional obligations to us in reference to that property, and by the use of their power in the Federal Government have striven to deprive us of an equal enjoyment of the common Territories of the Republic. This hostile policy of our confederates has been pursued with every circumstances of aggravation which could arouse the passions and excite the hatred of our people, and has placed the two sections of the union for many years past in the condition of virtual civil war. Our people, still attached to the Union from habit and national traditions, and averse to change, hoped that time, reason, and argument would bring, if not redress, at least exemption from further insults, injuries, and dangers. Recent events have fully dissipated all such hopes and demonstrated the necessity of separation. Our Northern confederates, after a full and calm hearing of all the facts, after a fair warning of our purpose not to submit to the rule of the authors of all these wrongs and injuries, have by a large majority committed the Government of the United States into their hands. The people of Georgia, after an equally full and fair and deliberate hearing of the case, have declared with equal firmness that they shall not rule over them. A brief history of the rise, progress, and policy of anti-slavery and of the political organization into whose hands the administration of the Federal Government has been committed will fully justify the pronounced verdict of the people of Georgia. The party of Lincoln, called the Republican party, under is present name and organization, is of recent origin. It is admitted to be and anti-slavery party. While it attracts to itself by its creed the scattered advocates of exploded political heresies, of condemned theories in political economy, the advocates of commercial restrictions, or protection, of special

---------------

*From Journal of the Georgia Convention.

---------------

6 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

