
AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to establish a uniform rule of naturalization for persons enlisted in the armies of the Confederate States of America. "

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the provisions of the above-recited act be, and the same are hereby, extended to all persons not citizens of one of the Confederate States who are engaged in the naval service of the Confederate States during the present war with the United States: Provided, however, That the oath therein prescribed may be administered by the captain or other commanding officer of any national ship to all persons entitled to the benefit of this act and attached thereto, and that the duties therein imposed upon the Secretary of War, in regard to persons in the military service, shall be performed by the Secretary of the Navy in reference to persons in the naval service.

Approved December 24, 1861.

AN ACT making appropriations for the expenses of Government in the legislative, executive, and judicial departments, for the year ending eighteenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for the objects hereafter expressed, for the year ending the eighteenth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-two:

* * * * * * *

War Department. For the pay of officers and privates of the Army, volunteers and militia, in the service of the Confederate States, for quartermaster's supplies of all kinds, transportation, and other necessary expenses, $ 46,032,199.

For the purchase of subsistence stores and commissary property, $ 9,150,807.

For the ordnance service in all its branches, $ 2,340,000.

For the engineer service, $ 135,000.

For surgical and medical supplies of the Army, $ 250,000.

For contingencies of the Army, $ 34,000.

For contingent expenses of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, including office furniture, stationery, printed blanks for the use of the Army, postage, telegraphic dispatches, &amp; c., $ 6,700.

* * * * * * *

Approved December 24, 1861.

AN ACT supplementary to an act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and to provide a war tax for their redemption.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the authority granted to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue Treasury notes by the act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and to provide a war tax for their redemption, approved August nineteen, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, be, and the same is hereby, extended and enlarged so as to authorize the issue of an additional amount of $ 50,000,000 of Treasury notes of the same character, and subject to the same provisions as the notes authorized by the said act.

