
SEC. 2. The Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the President, in addition to the bonds authorized to be issued by the second section of the said a ct approved August nineteen, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, to which this is supplementary, is hereby authorized to issue bonds, not to exceed at any one time an amount of $ 30,000,000, payable not more than twenty years after date, and to bear an interest not to exceed 6 per centrum per annum, interest payable semi-annually; to be exchanged for Treasury notes issued under authority of this act or of the act to which this is supplementary; and said bonds may, at the option of the holder, be reconverted into Treasury notes, under such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, and the bonds and Treasury notes authorized by this act to be subject to the same provisions, in all respects not contrary to the provisions of this act, as the bonds and Treasury notes authorized to be issued by the act of the nineteenth of August, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, to which this is supplementary.

Approved December 24, 1861.

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF CONGRESS,

December 24, 1861.

President DAVIS:

The Congress of the Confederate States of America on Friday and Saturday, the 20th and 21st of December, 1861, ratified the following treaties: Treaty between the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations of Indians and the Confederate States of America; also, the Creek treaty, together with the supplementary article to the same; also, the treaty with the Seminole Indians; also, the treaty with the Cherokee Indians; also, the treaty with the Noconi Indians and other bands of Comanche Indians; also, with the reserve Indians; also, with the Osages; also, with the Senecas and the Shawnee Indians; also, with the Quapaw Indians; also, a supplementary article to the treaty with the reserve Indians.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Secretary of the Congress.

RICHMOND, December 24, 1861.

Governor JOHN MILTON,

Tallahassee:

Requisitions for troops on the Executive of Florida ought properly to be made by General Lee only, except in case of emergency. The Government here does not accept troops for twelve months unless armed, and if your troops are not armed it is better not to raise any more than General Trapier may want to man batteries. If your State can arm them we will receive as many twelve-months' men as you can furnish. *

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* This in reply to Milton of December 23, Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 202.

---------------

