
goods shipped by him. These gentlemen will assist the captain with their advice, in accordance with letters of instructions which will be placed in the hands of the captain and supercargoes, it being, however, understood that the captain is free to act as to when and how he is to seek to enter a Confederate port, without prejudicing the spirit or letter of this agreement.

CALEB HUSE.

T. A. STOCK.

RICHMOND, December 28, 1861.

Messrs. JOHN FRASER &amp; CO.,

Charleston, S. C.:

Your letter of 23d to Mr. C. G. Memminger has been referred to me. The Gladiator, to your address, is at Nassau with a very valuable cargo for us. Can you not give orders that the Carolina and Ella Warley take parts of her cargo and bring them to us? The Theodore was too much damaged to bring any part of cargo. I understand that there are no blockading vessels either at Wilmington or Brunswick, Ga. I write at length by to-night's mail.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, December 28, 1861.

Messrs. JOHN FRASER & CO.:

GENTLEMEN: Mr. Memminger has been good enough to refer to me your letter of the 23d instant, on the subject of which I telegraphed you this morning. When we sent the Theodore to Cardenas it was for the purpose of making arrangements with Mr. Helm, our consul there, for the transshipment of some cargoes of arms and munitions of war that were expected there at this time by sailing vessels from Europe. The Theodore, with Louis Heyliger, esq., our agent on board, was very nearly lost at sea, and was obliged to put into Nassau in distress. While there she met the Gladiator, in relation to which all necessary information will be found in the inclosed copy of a letter received from Mr. Bisbie, sent out as supercargo in charge of our property on board. * The Theodore was so badly injured by the gale that she was barely able to get back to Wilmington by aid of temporary repairs without cargo, and she is now in the hands of the carpenters in Wilmington. Mr. Heyliger concluded to continue his voyage to Cardenas for the purpose of consulting with Mr. Helm on ulterior measures, and is probably back at Nassau by this time, making his voyage both ways in the Karnak. Your letter suggests the possibility of dividing the cargo of the Gladiator and bringing it home at least in part on the Ella Warley and Carolina, and I have now to beg that you do so, if possible, giving preference to the small-arms and cannon powder, of both of which we are sorely in need. I think the authorities there would permit the vessel to break bulk in the harbor, and the Flambeau, if not yet joined by other Federal cruisers, could not possibly prevent the escape of at least three-fourths of the cargo if divided between fast steamers. I am not willing to trust any part of it to sailing vessels, which fall an almost certain prey to the enemy's

---------------

* See p. 800.

---------------

