
[DECEMBER 30, 1861. - For C. F. Jackson to Davis, in relation to transfer of Missouri troops to the Confederate Government, &amp; c., see Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 724.]

[DECEMBER 30, 1861. - For Milton to Benjamin, in relation to the organization of Florida troops, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 205.]

AN ACT to provide for a Corps of Engineers for the Provisional Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint officers of engineers in the Provisional Army, to a number not exceeding fifty, and of rank not higher than captain, whose pay and emoluments shall be the same as those allowed for officers of a like grade in the permanent Army of the Confederacy, and whose appointments shall expire at the end of the pending war.

Approved December 31, 1861.

AN ACT to amend "An act to authorize the President to confer temporary rank and command for service with volunteer troops on officers of the Confederate Army," approved May twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

Be it enacted by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the above-entitled act be so amended that, in addition to the power therein granted, the President of the Confederate States be, and he is hereby, authorized to confer temporary rank and command upon officers of the Confederate Army on duty in the several bureaus of the Adjutant and Inspector General, Chief of Engineers, and Chief of Ordnance, to cease at the end of the war; the same to be held without prejudice to the positions in said Army.

Approved December 31, 1861.

AN ACT to provide for the payment of certain Indian troops.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the proper quartermaster in the Military Department of Indian Territory be authorized to pay the officers and men of the company of Creek mounted volunteers, raised in the month of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, by authority of the commissioner of the Confederate States, for local purposes, at the North Fork Village, in the Creek country; and of the Cherokee regiments of Cols. Stand Watie and John Drew, and of the Choctaw and Chickasaw regiment of Colonel Douglas H. Cooper, and of the Creek regiment of Colonel Daniel N. McIntosh, and of the companies of Seminoles raised by the chief, by authority of the same commissioner, and of the other troops called into the service by Colonel Douglas H. Cooper, to aid in suppressing the insurrection of a part of the Creeks, and of any called into service by the Creek agent for the same purpose, by direction of the commissioner, for the times during which all of said troops were in the service, after being organized and before being mustered into the service,

