
I. - ORGANIZATION OF TROOPS - ELECTION, APPOINTMENT, AND RANK OF OFFICERS. *

1. Volunteers tendering themselves directly to the Confederate Government for three years or the war may be accepted either singly or in companies, battalions, or regiments, organized by the election of their officers. When the officers have been once elected, vacancies are filled by promotion within the same company, battalion, or regiment, except in the lowest grade of company officers, which is filled by election.

2. Where troops have been raised by the several States for the Confederate services, all appointments thereto, except staff appointments, are made and commissions issued by the State authorities under their own laws. Such troops must be organized, in all other respects, as herein provided, and are considered as in the Confederate service from the date of their transfer during the term of their enlistment.

3. A regiment is composed by law of ten companies, neither more nor less, which must all be of one arm. A battalion cannot be accepted as such with less than five companies, and is entitled to but one field officer unless the number of companies exceeds five.

4. A company must consist, if infantry, of at least sixty-four privates; if cavalry, of at least sixty; if artillery (unless otherwise expressly authorized), of at least seventy, in addition to all officers. Companies now in service, whether for twelve months or for the war, may be filled up under the recruiting regulations, but no company shall contain more than 125, rank and file. The muster-rolls of companies stand as the evidence of the rank of their officers until commissions are issued.

5. Officers hold rank from the date of the muster or acceptance of their respective commands into the service of the Confederate States, or, when appointed by the President, from the date of their appointment.

The officers of the regimental staff - assistant quartermaster and commissary, surgeon, assistant surgeon, chaplain, and (when not already a lieutenant of the regiment) the adjutant, and the officers of the general staff - are always appointed by the President, through this Department. The recommendation of the commanding officer is respected in making these appointments.

A battalion is entitled to no adjutant except from among the lieutenants thereof, and only to one assistant quartermaster or commissary, and to one medical officer.

Except staff appointments upon the recommendation of the commanding officer upon whose staff the vacancy exists no appointments are now made from civil life.

II. - TERMS OF ACCEPTANCE - ARMS AND EQUIPMENTS.

6. No troops other than twelve-months' volunteers re-enlisting for two years will be accepted for less than three years or the war, except for local or special service.

7. All troops will be armed and equipped before being ordered into the field, or their arms and equipments will be paid for, if required, upon inspection and valuation by the proper officer.

8. No horses are furnished to cavalry, but 40 cents per day are paid for the use and risk of horses, and those killed in battle are paid for.

---------------

* These regulations, without date, were probably issued about the middle of February, 1862.

---------------

