
now in service who shall, prior to the expiration of their present term of service, volunteer or enlist for the next two ensuing years subsequent to the expiration of their present term of service, or for three years or the war; said furloughs to be issued at such times and in such numbers as the Secretary of War may deem most compatible with the public interests, the length of each furlough being regulated with reference to the distance of each volunteer from his home: Provided, That in lieu of a furlough the commutation value in money of the transportation herein above granted shall be paid to each private, musician, or non-commissioned officer who may elect to receive it, at such time as the furlough itself would otherwise be granted.

SEC. 3. This act shall apply to all troops who have volunteered or enlisted for a term of twelve months or more in the service of any State who are now in the service of the said State, and who may hereafter volunteer or enlist in the service of the Confederate States under the provisions of the present act.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That all troops revolunteering or re-enlisting shall, at the expiration of their present term of service, have the power to reorganize themselves into companies and elect their company officers, and said companies shall have the power to organize themselves into battalions or regiments and elect their field officers; and after the first election all vacancies shall be filled by promotion from the company, battalion, or regiment in which such vacancies may occur: Provided, That whenever a vacancy shall occur, whether by promotion or otherwise, in the lowest grade of commissioned officers of a company, said vacancy shall always be filled by election: And provided further, That in the case of troops which have been regularly enlisted into the service of any particular State prior to the formation of the Confederacy, and which have by such State been turned over to the Confederate Government, the officers shall not be elected, but appointed and promoted in the same manner and by the same authority as they have heretofore been appointed and promoted.

Approved December 11, 1861.

II. Captains or commanding officers of twelve-months' men will, under direction of regimental and battalion commanders, make out duplicate muster-rolls of their companies, noting opposite the name of each man desiring to renew his enlistment for two years from the expiration of his present term of service the following remark: "Enlistment extended for two years; bounty due, $ 50; " inserting the date of the remark.

As soon as the intention of each man is thus ascertained report will be made to the commanding officer of the army in which the troops are serving. The commanding officer will thereupon cause his inspector-generals, or other officers assigned for that purpose, to verify the rolls and muster into service for said additional term all that are fitted for service. One of the rolls thus verified and certified by the inspecting officers will be sent to the Adjutant and Inspector General. The other will be given to the company commander, from which to make out further muster-rolls.

III. Whenever the number of men in a company who re-enlist shall suffice to form a new company according to the number required by law, the men thus re-enlisted shall have the right immediately to reorganize themselves into a company and elect their company officers, remaining attached to the regiment or battalion to which they belong until the expiration of the twelve months of the original enlistment.

IV. If the number of men re-enlisted in any company be insufficient to form a new company, their original organization will be preserved until within twenty days of the expiration of their term; at which date all the twelve-months' men who have re-enlisted will proceed to organize themselves afresh into new companies and elect their company officers.

V. Whenever all the companies now forming a battalion or regiment shall have organized themselves into new companies they shall have the right of reorganizing themselves at once into a new

