
battalion or regiment, as the case may be, electing their field officers, as allowed by law. But if any one company of any battalion or regiment declines to reorganize itself, the present organization will remain until within twenty days of the expiration of the present term; at which time all re-enlisted companies will proceed immediately to organize themselves into new regiments and elect their field officers, as provided by law.

VI. All re-enlisted companies which may fail, within the last twenty days of their present term, to reorganize themselves into regiments or battalions will be considered as independent companies re-enlisted for the war, and will be organized into battalions or regiments by the President, and their field officers appointed by him in the same manner as is provided by law for all other independent companies.

VII. The furlough allowed by law, and directed to be regulated according to the distance of each volunteer from his home, is established as follows, viz: To each volunteer there will be allowed a furlough of full thirty days at home, to which will be added by the commanding officer of the army a number of days estimated to be sufficient to allow the volunteer to travel home and back. But in no case will the furlough exceed sixty days, even for those most distant from their homes.

VIII. Commanding officers are directed to commence as soon as possible granting the furloughs allowed as above, in such numbers as may be deemed compatible with the safety of their commands, giving preference, as far as practicable, to the men in the order of their re-enlistment.

IX. The bounty of $ 50 will be paid to each man when he receives his furlough, at which time his transportation also will be furnished.

X. Each man entitled to furlough may receive instead thereof the commutation value of his transportation, in addition to the bounty of $ 50 provided by law. *

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 2, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I have instructed General Martin, adjutant-general of this State, to call the attention of your Department to the unsettled claims of the State with the Confederate Government. The State of North Carolina has made very heavy outlays for the purchase of horses for two full cavalry regiments, three companies of artillery, which the policy of the Confederate Government will not allow to be refunded. If the purchase money cannot now be refunded, I have instructed General Martin to ask for the per diem of 40 cents, payable bi-monthly, as regulations now require to be paid, to individuals owning horses. And as our State is now threatened with a serious invasion, and we have no means of arming the troops we are forced to raise, I have further instructed General Martin to procure us arms, if they can by any means be obtained. A very considerable

---------------

* For resulting correspondence, see foot-note reference, Series I, VOL. V, p. 1017.

---------------

