
number of the arms of the First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, stationed at Yorktown, were distributed, by order of the colonel commanding, among the Virginia militia, the receipts for which are now in the hands of the several captains. These are now so much needed that I will respectfully ask the assistance of the Department in recovering them or giving us an equal number; and the same as to the arms taken from our deceased and discharged soldiers. Before the defenses of the navy-yard at Norfolk were completed we sent down for the protection of the yard 500 of our best rifles. The defenses around Norfolk and about the navy-yard have probably superseded the necessity of storing them in the yard, as it is reported to me that they are not in the hands of any organized company. It is therefore requested that they or an equivalent may be sent to the State. Should this appertain more properly to the Navy Department, I will thank you to present this matter favorably for us before that Department. The immediate and pressing necessity for arms for our defense compels me to urge these claims on your attention. The demands upon our treasury make it necessary that I should again call your attention to the very large amount expended for clothing for our soldiers and the commutation due therefor to the State, and it is hoped that some arrangement for our relief may be made without any further delay. General Martin, who will hand you this letter, fully understands the views of the Executive, and will make any explanations if I have not made myself sufficiently explicit.

[H. T. CLARK,

Governor.]

CHARLESTON, January 2, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: We have thoroughly considered the subject of transporting the Gladiator's cargo to this country, and consulted with our captains and coast pilots in relation to it. The result is a very strong conviction that the little harbor of Mosquito, on the Florida coast, offers the best, if not the only, chance of success. We have, therefore, decided to order the steamers Carolina and Cecile to run for that port, and we respectfully suggest that no time be lost in providing transportation from thence. The goods will be landed at Smyrna, and will have to be hauled about eighteen miles to Enterprise. There they may be sent by steam-boat to Jacksonville, and thence by railroad to Tallahassee or Brunswick. We suggest that a special agent be sent down immediately by the Government to make the necessary arrangements in advance. We have reason to believe that there will be no difficulty in procuring transportation from Smyrna to Enterprise. Our reasons for deciding to adopt this port are the following, viz: (1) It is but twenty-four hours' run from Nassau. (2) The vessel keeps the Gulf stream nearly the whole way and incurs no risk of meeting vessels going in the opposite direction - vessels going south avoiding the Gulf stream. (3) The port is entirely free from blockaders. (4) Since the entrance of the Theodore at Wilmington that port has been so closely watched by the enemy that our captains have no confidence in the proposal to enter there. (5) The Ella Warley having run in here this morning in broad daylight, right in the fact of the enemy and under a shower of shell and shot, we fear it will be dangerous

