
soon to repeat the attempt at this port. We took the liberty of telegraphing you this morning in relation to Captain Maffitt. It is important that we should command his services without delay. The Carolina cannot get away before next Tuesday. The Ella Warley has a very large cargo of assorted merchandise - chiefly goods brought from Liverpool to Nassau by the Eliza Bonsall.

We remain, dear sir, yours, most respectfully,

JNO. FRASER &amp; CO.

P. S. - Since writing the foregoing it has been suggested by Captain Maffitt that it is important two light guns should be provided at Mosquito to drive off any boats that might be sent in after the steamers if they were seen to enter. We hope you will direct this preparation to be made. Captain Maffitt concurs fully as to the advantages offered by this little harbor.

J. F. & CO.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 2, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War of Confederate States:

SIR: It being every day more and more apparent that the existing war between the Confederate States and the United States will be one of long continuance, during which our Government will necessarily require from abroad a large amount of clothing (chiefly woolens), military accouterments, arms, ammunition, & c., especially lead, gunpowder, and the ingredients for making it, I would most respectfully propose to the consideration of your Department the following suggestions, which, if carried into effect, will fully meet the emergencies that may arise from the now more severe blockade of all the Southern coast, which is causing all individual enterprises rapidly to cease.

Until recently numerous vessels on private account were employed in running the blockade from our principal ports, but now very few can be induced to run the risk in consequence of the number which have been recently taken by the enemy. What I propose is that the Government should undertake to do what individual enterprise will certainly hereafter be unwilling to do. I would propose to have, in charge of proper agents, three of four depots near by in the West Indies constantly supplied from Europe with such articles as may be needed for the prosecution of the war. These would thus, being easy of access, afford our vessels an opportunity of supplying themselves, and the advantage of having several would be that in case there should be obstacles to the approach to one another might be made available. I would suggest, among other places, Matanzas or Cardenas, in the northwest, and Gibara, in the northeast of Cuba, as suitable locations for two of these depots. As the inhabitants of that island sympathize with us, all of the supplies needed could be got from Spain at very low rates, and by thus importing from the mother country a large amount would be saved in the shape of duties. These supplies, after being placed in these depots, which would have to be superintended with great prudence and caution so as not to attract attention or suspicion, could be brought into the Confederacy by some of our public vessels or private steamers which are occasionally chartered, or perhaps most effectually by small craft of light draft, even were they but fishing smacks (good sailors), that could be made to run to and fro for the importation of the supplies most needed. From their light draft they would be enabled to make their way into some small inlets or

