
my dispatches per Ella Warley were on the way, and they were received here only yesterday. Our dispatch box also contained a number of letters for yourselves, which I delivered to Mr. Memminger to be forwarded to you. Our interests in the cargo of the Gladiator have been confided by Consul Helm to Mr. Heyliger, the gentleman who was sent out on the Theodore and who is now back in Nassau. I inclose herein a letter and instructions for Mr. Heyliger, by the terms of which he is instructed to concert with your agents relative to the disposal to be made of the cargo so as to get it safely into some Confederate port. He is already on good terms with your correspondents as is evinced by his letters to me. I cannot take from him the control over the cargo, but under my instructions and the information given him about my arrangements with you I am entirely confident he and your agents will cordially co-operate in doing the best for getting the cargo out of Nassau. It is of course out of the question now to await the chances of a convoy from an English vessel, and we can only get in any portion of the munitions of war by dividing the cargo into different ventures. I again repeat, bring us the small-arms and powder in preference to everything. Our need of them is urgent in the extreme. The freight must of course be settled for on your terms, but I will not conceal from you that I think them very hard. For a trip to England and back, a long and continuous risk, they might not be extravagant, but for so short a voyage they much exceed what seems to me reasonable. Let me know what time you expect to send the Cecile.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

P. S. - I suppose you will also send the Ella Warley. I take it for granted that two of these vessels are of sufficient capacity to take the whole cargo of the Gladiator, and that if three are employed they will be partially loaded by yourselves. I could not consent to pay the value of three steamers to bring in one cargo, besides risking the loss of one or more of the cargoes.

J. P. B.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 5, 1862.

LOUIS HEYLIGER, Esq.,

Nassau, New Providence:

MY DEAR SIR: Your several favors by the Theodore and Ella Warley have been received, and your action in the accomplishment of your mission fully approved. I regret to say that it will be some weeks yet before the Theodore, which made port at Wilmington, will be ready to put to sea. In the interval I have arranged with Messrs. John Fraser &amp; Co. to aid in getting home the cargo of the Gladiator, or such portions of it as you may be able to have transshipped on their steamers. I do not, of course, desire to interfere with your discretion, you being on the spot, in the measures to be taken to get into safe harbor the valuable cargo of the Gladiator, but I would like you to consult with the agents of Messrs. Fraser & Co., and concert with them for the unloading and dividing of the cargo into different ventures, so that we may not put all at risk at once.

I will write to Governor Moore and inform him of your detention, and have no doubt that your official position will be preserved for you.

