
over 2,000 bales of cotton, the proceeds of which I shall use in payment for arms, &amp; c., at Matamoras. I have advices of the loading of the two vessels dispatched from Matamoras by myself and Mr. Stillman, with powder and other articles in the British provinces, and am looking daily for their arrival. I have made further arrangements with Messrs. Mills by which we shall be able to get as much cotton into Mexico as I shall require to meet payments for arms, & c., that may arrive at Matamoras. I leave to-morrow for Austin for the bonds, and from there to Matamoras, and will keep you advised of my operations.

Yours, truly,

G. H. GIDDINGS.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 2. Richmond, January 6, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress and regulations in reference thereto are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT for the recruiting service of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States [of America] do enact, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to adopt measures for recruiting and enlisting men for companies for service in the war,* or three years, which by the casualties of the service have been reduced by death and discharges.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to detail the company commissioned officers for the above duty in such numbers and at such times as in his opinion will best comport with the public service, the officers thus appointed to enlist and recruit for their respective companies.

Approved December 19, 1861.

II. Commanding officers of all war regiments, battalions, squadrons, and independent companies will detail for recruiting service, subject to approval of the commanding officer of the army with which they are serving, a subaltern and one non-commissioned officer or private from each war company below the minimum organization, with instructions to proceed to the neighborhood where his company was raised and there enlist recruits to raise the company to the maximum organization.

III. Officers detailed for recruiting service will make requisitions on the Adjutant and Inspector General for recruiting funds, reporting the station to which they have been ordered, the company and regiment for which they have been directed to recruit, and the post town, county, and State to which letters for them should be addressed. A similar report should also be made to the Commissary and Quartermaster's Departments, in order that the required instructions may issue to the proper officers of these departments to fill the requisitions necessary for such recruiting purposes.

IV. As soon as possible after the enlistment of a recruit he shall be inspected by a commissioned surgeon or assistant surgeon of the Confederate States, and if unfit for service shall be rejected. In all cases this inspection shall take place before the recruit leaves the State in which he is enlisted.

---------------

* In the Statutes at Large this reads: "in service for the war. "

---------------

53 R R - SERIES IV, VOL I

