
V. A commutation for rations, at the rate of twenty-five cents per ration, shall be allowed to each recruit from the date of his enlistment until he is supplied regularly with subsistence by an officer of the Commissary Department.

VI. No clothing nor commutation for clothing will be allowed a recruit until after inspection. As soon as possible after inspection and muster the recruit will be supplied with clothing, or commutation therefor, by the nearest quartermaster, in accordance with regulations.

VII. The time allowed for recruiting will in no case extend beyond thirty days, at the expiration whereof the recruiting party, with the enlisted men, will proceed to join their company.

VIII. Officers in charge of recruiting parties will keep a strict account of the disbursements made by them of moneys placed in their hands for the recruiting service, taking duplicate receipts for every item of expenditure. One set of these receipts will be retained by the officer for his security. The other set, with an account current, will at the expiration of the recruiting term be transmitted to the Adjutant and Inspector General for final settlement at the Treasury. These vouchers and accounts current, addressed to the Adjutant and Inspector General, will be marked on the upper right-hand corner of the envelope which covers them "Recruiting service. "*

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 6, 1862.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Raleigh:

SIR: I am informed by the Chief of Ordnance that the Ordnance Bureau is in need of leather to conduct its operations, and that it can be procured much cheaper in North Carolina than here. I therefore request that you will authorize the exportation of such leather as may be purchased by the agents of the Ordnance Bureau for the service of the Government.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT,
 ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 3. Richmond, January 9, 1862.

I. The following order of Major-General Bragg is adopted by the War Department, and is republished for the information and government of the Army:

1. To insure proper economy in the administration of our military affairs is as necessary to the success of our cause as the defeat of our enemy. All commanders and disbursing officers in this department will be required to give their closest attention to expenditures, seeing they are necessary and in conformity to law. A rigid scrutiny will be made by the commanding general and the chiefs of his staff, and abuses will be promptly exposed and checked.

---------------

* For resulting correspondence, see foot-note reference, Series I, VOL. V, p. 1023.

---------------

