
In location of troops commanders and quartermasters will consult economy and efficiency. The vicinity of cities and towns will be avoided as far as possible, in order to secure health and escape the demoralizing effects of dissipation. Rents will not be paid unless absolutely necessary. Fuel will be supplied as far as practicable by the labor of the troops, encampments being selected with this view. And works of defense and huts for the winter will be built by the labor of soldiers - officers being required in all instances to remain with and share the duties of their men.

2. Commanders of all grades are earnestly called upon to suppress drunkenness by every means in their power. It is the cause of nearly every evil from which we suffer; the largest portion of our sickness and mortality results from it; our guard-houses are filled by it; officers are constantly called from their duties to form courts-martial in consequence of it; inefficiency in our troops and consequent danger to our cause is the inevitable result. No one is benefited but the miserable wretch who is too cowardly to defend a country he is willing to sell by destroying those noble faculties he has never possessed. Gallant soldiers should scorn to yield to such temptations, and intelligent and honorable officers should set them an example. They should be encouraged to send to their families and friends the pay they receive for their services, instead of wasting it in their own destruction and at the risk of the holy cause in which they are engaged. Small as the amount is, it will cause many a dear one to rise up and call them blessed.

"Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine to those that be of heavy heart" - but for us, the glorious cause in which we are engaged should furnish all the excitement and enthusiasm necessary for our success.

The enemy, in large and increasing numbers, is upon our coasts. Let us cease all amusements and frivolities and prepare diligently to meet him in defense of our homes, our firesides, and our altars.

II. The introduction of spirituous liquors into any camp, barrack, or station of the Army, except for medicinal purposes, duly recommended by the senior medical officer and approved by the general or other officer in command, is hereby expressly prohibited, and all spirituous liquors found in any of said camps, barracks, or stations, not authorized as above, will be confiscated or destroyed under direction of the general or other officer in command.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, January 7, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: We are this moment in receipt of your letter of 5th instant, and if we did not suppose you had in some particular misapprehended the terms upon which we proposed to make the effort to bring over the Gladiator's cargo we would feel very much discouraged and disappointed at the opinion you express upon them. Permit us, if you please, succinctly to state the propositions involved:

1. The steamers are sent out at our risk and expense, and if lost on the outer voyage the Government contributes nothing to the loss.

2. If on their arrival at Nassau any other disposition has been made of the Gladiator's cargo the Government is again to pay us nothing.

3. If, taking in cargo from the Gladiator, or not taking cargo from her, our steamers should be captured or lost on the return voyage, the Government is again to pay us nothing, except in the case of stranding the vessel and saving and delivering the cargo.

4. Only in the case of returning safely with the cargo is the Government to pay anything; then the payment to be the value of the steamer for a full cargo and in proportion for a part.

