
numerous inlets from the sea. It is very difficult he cotton shipped will find its way directly or indirectly to Northern ports, as it is next to impossible even for good citizens to resist the temptation of selling to the highest bidder. Besides, this is a city of cotton speculators of all nationalities, who care but little for any consideration not immediately affecting results in profits. I believe there will be collusion between the enemy and shippers in many cases, and that the only parties to be benefited will be the Northern purchaser and the exporter. The planter will derive no advantage, as he can sell cotton now at 8 1/2 cents on the plantation. Our Government will derive the advantage of the export duty, but nothing more.

I have stated in brief the reasons that influenced the course adopted by me, not with any purpose to dispute the correctness of the opinions you entertain on the subject, but only with the view of informing you of the conclusions to which I arrived and upon which my action was predicated. If you deem it advisable not to permit cotton to be shipped without a special permit I hope you will issue the necessary orders to the officers in command here. It will be impossible for me to interfere so as to distinguish between those to be trusted and those not to be trusted. I should be obliged to regard all alike. The pending applications are very numerous, as but two were granted during my absence, one of which was to a Spanish house that had brought in two cargoes, and the other to the steamship Tennessee, in which the Government is interested, as stated by General Lovell. A quantity of sugar and molasses has been sent to me as donations - some for the general use of the Army and a portion for particular companies. Will the Government pay the freight if I forward the sugar and molasses?

Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE.

P. S. - I should have stated that permits to bring cotton to New Orleans will be obtained under color of a purpose to ship, but when once here may, I am apprehensive, never find its way from the city.

RICHMOND, January 10, 1862.

Hon. T. S. BOCOCK,

Present:

SIR: I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to say, in reply to your communication of this date relative to troops furnished by Georgia and Virginia, that Virginia has fifty-eight regiments infantry, eight regiments of cavalry, and unattached companies equivalent to eight regiments; total, seventy-four regiments volunteers for twelve months' service. Georgia has thirty-seven regiments, and independent companies and battalions equivalent to four regiments; forty-one regiments. Twenty-six of these are for the war; the remainder for twelve months. Georgia has more regiments for the war than any other State. Virginia has no troops for the war save a battalion of about 500 men and a few artillery companies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp; c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

