
The bonds delivered are numbered from 4,220 to 4,319, inclusive.

G. H. G.

I certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the original inn the executive department.

F. R. LUBBOCK.

AUSTIN, TEX., January 13, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

SIR: This will introduce to you my brother, who is bearer of dispatches from Governor Lubbock to yourself, which will fully explain the object of his mission. Notwithstanding the Governor, comptroller, and treasurer, constituting the military board, acting under authority of an act of our Legislature, a copy of which is forwarded you, did not feel fully authorized to hand me the U. S. bonds in view of the fact that your letter seemed to contemplate that the State was to make the purchase of arms, &amp; c., have handed me $ 100,000 in said 5 per cent. U. S. bonds, and I have receipted to said board for the same as agent of the Ordnance Bureau, which I trust will meet your approval. I shall act cautiously and discreetly, and run no risks, nor go or send these bonds to Havana until I hear from you on the subject. The State has some $ 700,000 or $ 800,000 of these bonds, and by the time my brother returns I will be able to report how many of them I can use in Matamoras without any risk. My brother will fully explain all my transactions in regard to getting arms, & c.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

G. H. GIDDINGS.

AN ACT supplementary to an act making appropriations for certain floating defenses, approved January ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to raise a corps for the temporary and special service on the Western waters, to cause to be enlisted a number of men not exceeding 6,000, and of such commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and of such rank, either naval or military, as the President may deem necessary, who shall severally receive such pay and allowances as he may determine.

Approved January 14, 1862.

[JANUARY 14, 1862. - For Bragg to Benjamin, relative to encouragement of re-enlistments, & c., see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 806.]

OFFICE GREENVILLE AND COLUMBIA RAILROAD COMPANY,

Abbeville, S. C., January 14, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: At a meeting of railroad men at Montgomery in April last it was resolved that our railroad companies would transport munitions

