
of war, provisions, &amp; c., for the Confederate States at half our usual charges, and Confederate soldiers at 2 cents per mile. Since that time we have been rendering services at those rates. The business on our road has greatly decreased in consequence of the disturbed condition of public affairs, so that we are not making interest on our debt, and expenses. Our stockholders have realized no dividends. Their stock is taxed by the Government as though it were profitable. This tax on the stock my company must pay and relieve the stockholders. The Post-Office Department pays us nothing. The Postmaster-General has adopted the self-sustaining principle and we have not been refunded the amount advanced and paid by us for messengers.

Under these circumstances we are compelled to advance our charges or cease altogether to run our trains. I have ordered that the Confederate States be hereafter charged 3 cents per mile for soldiers and that our regular charges on all freight for the Government be restored. I do this not for the purpose of making dividends for my stockholders - they are willing to serve the Government for nothing - but simply as a vital measure to enable us to run our trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. PERRIN,

President.

AN ACT to reward the loyalty of the principal chief of the Seminole Nation.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President of the Confederate States be authorized to present to Hin-I-ha Micco, or John Jumper, a commission, conferring upon him the honorary title of lieutenant-colonel of the Army of the Confederate States, but without creating or imposing the duties of actual service or command, or pay, as a complimentary mark of honor and a token of good will and confidence in his friendship, good faith, and loyalty to this Government, and to procure and present him with a complete uniform of that rank and grade, a saber, and a Maynard rifle, with a liberal supply of ammunition for the same. And the sum of $ 250 is hereby appropriated for the purchase of the said uniform and arms.

Approved January 16, 1862.

[JANUARY 16, 1862. - For Benjamin to Polk, in reference to raising troops in Tennessee, & c., see Series I, VOL. VII, p. 833.]

RICHMOND, January 16, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: One of the objects the interview requested was to lay before you the plan for an organized system and effort for obtaining supplies by importation. These supplies are those needed by Government; by merchants of general merchandise, the want of which is manifested by double and treble and in some cases quadruple and quintuple prices; by railroads, for want of which every road in the Southern Confederacy is crippled, and by the arts and manufactures which are

