
of $ 1,000,000 be placed at the disposal of the Government in England, for which the Government would pay a reasonable interest, and would place in the hands of the agent of such house on this side such number of bales of cotton as might be agreed to be sufficient to cover the advance; the cotton to be consigned for sale to the house abroad taking the advance, with the usual allowance of commissions on advances and sales, but the cotton to remain on this side until the blockade is raised. Knowing your position as the trusted agent of eminent foreign bankers, I submit the matter for your consideration, with the request that, if the proposal be not acceptable to you, you will be good enough to inform me at once, as well as to state whether there are any modifications that would render it acceptable. The cotton would, of course, be stored and insured at the expense of the Government at any convenient point designated, but not in a cotton port, during the existence of the blockade.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 17, 1862.

His Excellency GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA:

SIR: In compliance with a joint resolution of the General Assembly of Virginia, I have the honor to inclose herewith their resolutions approving the declaration of sentiment and purpose contained in certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Georgia, and affirming and adopting the same, together with a communication addressed by me to the Legislature of this State upon the subject, and respectfully request that these documents may be laid before the Legislature of your State.

Very respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

RESOLUTIONS approving the declarations of sentiment and purpose contained in certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Georgia, and affirming and adopting the same. Agreed to January 8, 1862.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Delegates of the Commonwealth of Virginia, That the declarations of sentiment and purpose contained in the joint resolutions of the Legislature of Georgia, communicated this day, the 6th day of January, 1862, to the General Assembly by the Governor of Virginia, are eminently just and patriotic, should be cordially and approvingly responded to by every State in the Southern Confederacy, and in the name and in behalf of this Commonwealth we do hereby affirm and adopt the same.

Resolved, That the action of this General Assembly be forthwith communicated tot he Executives of each of the other States of the Confederacy, together with a copy of the message of Governor Letcher, accompanying the resolutions of the State of Georgia, to be by them laid before their respective Legislatures.

A copy from the rolls.

Teste.

WM. F. GORDON, Jr.,

Clerk of the House of Delegates and

Keeper of the Rolls of Virginia.

