
[Inclosure No. 2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

January 6, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF DELEGATES:

I have received from His Excellency Joseph E. Brown, Governor of the State of Georgia, a communication inclosing joint resolutions adopted by the Legislature of that State, and approved December 11, 1861. These resolutions relate to matters of the first importance and they command my cordial approbation. They declare the sentiment of the Southern Confederacy and will be enthusiastically responded to by the people of all classes.

In communicating these resolutions to the General Assembly I embrace the opportunity to fill up a hiatus in the history of our State growing out of her changed relations. Virginia dissolved her connection with the Government of the United States on the 17th day of April last, having watched closely the political conduct of President Lincoln and his Cabinet from the 4th day of March preceding. A large portion of our people believed, from the revelations of his inaugural message, that he designed to subjugate the South, and much of his policy, as developed in the first six weeks of his administration, tended to confirm and strengthen this belief. The appearance of his proclamation, however, calling upon Virginia and other States for volunteers, removed all doubts and made it plain and palpable that subjugation was his object, and military power be the means used to effect it. He had revealed his purpose by the issue of this proclamation to use Virginians, if possible, in coercing their Southern slave holding brethren into submission to his will and obedience to his governmental authority. Virginia, seeing that the only hope of preserving her rights and honor as a State and the liberties of her people consisted in dissolving her connection with the Government of the United States and resuming her sovereignty, adopted that course, and subsequently determined to unite her destiny with her Southern sisters. She did so, and her convention being at the time in session adopted such ordinances and regulations as were necessary to protect her citizens against the machinations of enemies at home and the encroachments of enemies from abroad.

Events that have transpired since the 17th day of April last have more than confirmed the worst apprehensions of the people of Virginia, and have furnished an ample and complete justification for the secession of the State. All the wicked results apprehended when she seceded have been fearfully realized, and they now constitute an important chapter in the history of the n which we live. Such were the considerations that influenced and determined the action of Virginia.

I now propose to show that while President Lincoln professes to have inaugurated this war for the preservation and perpetuation of the Constitution of the United States in its spirit and letter, he has violated in the most direct manner many of its most important provisions. I propose, in the next place, to compare his conduct with the conduct of George III, and prove by reference to the Declaration of Independence that most of his acts have been identical with those denounced by our forefathers as justifiable ground for our separation from the mother Government.

The war which has been waged against us by President Lincoln is the most unnatural and at the same time the most disgraceful that

