
They have deliberately proposed to annex certain counties in Maryland to Virginia, and thus form the new State of Kanawha, within the jurisdiction of Virginia, without the consent of the Legislatures of those States and of Congress. They have proposed to take the four counties lying in the Panhandle from Virginia and attach them to Pennsylvania without the consent of the Legislatures of the States interested and of Congress. They have proposed to join the eastern counties of Virginia to Maryland, and thus make a new State by the junction of parts of two States, without the consent of the Legislatures of those States and of Congress. These propositions present a most plain and glaring violation of the Constitution, and evidence an intensity of malignity toward Virginia and Virginians without a parallel in the history of the United States.

The first amendment to the Constitution declared that "Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or of the press. " President Lincoln and his Cabinet have willfully disregarded the spirit of this article. Numerous instances could be cited to prove that the solemnities of an oath have not restrained them in their efforts to abridge the freedom of speech and to muzzle the press. The numberless arrests made by them in Western and Eastern Virginia, in Kentucky, in Missouri, in Maryland, in Washington City, and also in the free States, when nothing more was charged against the parties arrested than the declaration of their opinions in condemnation of the policy of President Lincoln and his Cabinet, shows that freedom of speech is not tolerateotorious fact that papers have been suppressed in New York, Philadelphia, and elsewhere by the exercise of executive power fully attests a scandalous usurpation for the destruction of the independence of the press.

President Lincoln and his Cabinet and the military officers under their direction and control have violated the fourth article of the amendments to the Constitution, which guarantees "the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures," and declares that it 'shall not be violated. " This article has been habitually disregarded, and every observant man will call to mind numerous instances of its violation, the results of suspicion merely.

He and his Cabinet have violated as deliberately and willfully the fifth article of the amendments to the Constitution, which is in these words:

No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger: nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation.

Without a presentment or indictment of a grand jury they have, on mere suspicion of crime, caused men and women to be arrested and confined under strong guards, and have detained them for weeks and months. They have prostituted the telegraph to their use for the purpose of communicating orders for the arrest of suspected persons, repudiating all those safeguards which the law has wisely thrown around the citizen for his protection. Desolation has followed in the footsteps of the Federal Army. Neither life, liberty, nor property has

54 R R - SERIES IV, VOL I

