
been respected by them. They have murdered many of the best citizens of the country. They have incarcerated others in jails and forts, and they have seized and appropriated private property to public use without due process of law, and without making just compensation to the owner.

He and his Cabinet have disregarded the injunctions of the sixth article of the amendments to the Constitution not less flagrantly than those to which I have referred. That article declares:

In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense.

He and his Cabinet have seized large numbers of our citizens, withdrawn them from their homes, their families, and their business, cast them into loathsome prisons, refused to inform them of the cause and nature of the accusation against them, denied to them the right and opportunity of consultation with friends or counsel, and have withheld from them a speedy and public trial by am impartial jury. They would neither confront them with the witnesses against them, nor would they allow them to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in their favor.

The conduct of President Lincoln has been as tyrannical and oppressive toward the Confederate States as the acts of the King of Great Britain, which caused our first revolution, were toward the colonies. The comparison cannot fail to make its impression upon the mind even of the casual observer.

President Lincoln has plundered the public treasury and has delivered at least $ 40,000 to Peirpoint to enable him and his traitorouthe Commonwealth of Virginia to overthrow the State government and to organize within the limits of this State a new government. He has thus been guilty of the unprincipled conduct of using the people's money to lavish upon traitors and encourage them to perseverance in their work of treason.

"The history (of Abraham Lincoln) is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these (Confederate) States. " To this end "he has affected to render the military independent of and superior to the civil power. "

He has combined with Peirpoint and other traitors in Virginia "to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our Constitution and unacknowledged by our laws, giving his assent to their acts of pretended legislation. "

He is endeavoring to quarter "large bodies of troops amongst us. "

He is endeavoring to cut off "our trade with all parts of the world.

He is endeavoring to impose "taxes upon us without our consent. "

He is endeavoring to deprive us "in many cases of the benefits of trial by jury. "

"He has abdicated government here by declaring us out of his protection and waging war against us. "

"He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coast, burned our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people. "

"He is as this time transporting large troops of mercenaries to complete the work of death, desolation, and tyranny already begun with

