
affection and respect for the Government of the United States. We have therefore separated from them, a understood that the separation "is and ought to be final and irrevocable," that Virginia "will under no circumstances entertain any proposition from any quarter which may have for its object a restoration or reconstruction of the late Union, on any terms and conditions whatever. "

We must be content with nothing less than the unqualified recognition of the independence of the Southern Confederacy and its nationality by the Government of the late United States; and to this end we must meet the issue they have tendered to us with spirit, energy, and determination, and with a firm resolve on the part of each of the Confederate States that everything shall be done that may be necessary to insure the triumph of our arms, and thus secure liberty and independence for the South.

In conclusion I recommend that before your adjournment this day your reaffirm by solemn vote in each house the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly of Georgia. The Empire State of the South has spoken. Let not the Mother of States remain silent on a subject of so much significance and importance to the Southern Confederacy.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., December 16, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I beg the honor to transmit herewith a copy of joint resolutions recently adopted by the General Assembly of Georgia. The Legislature has not directed me to forward them, but I do so under the conviction that you will be pleased to learn the action of Georgia on the important subject to which they relate.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

JOINT RESOLUTIONS of the General Assembly of the State of Georgia, passed at its last session.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Georgia in General Assembly met, That it is the sense of this General Assembly that the separation of those States now forming the Confederate States of America from the United States is an ought to be final and irrevocable, and that Georgia will, under no circumstances, entertain any proposition from any quarter which may have for its object a restoration or reconstruction of the late Union on any terms or conditions whatever.

Resolved, That the war which the United States are waging upon the Confederate States should be met on our part with the utmost vigor and energy, until our independence and nationality are unconditionally acknowledged by the United States.

Resolved, That Georgia pledges herself to her sister States of the Confederacy that she will stand by them throughout the struggle-she will contribute all the means which her resources will supply, so far as the same may be necessary to the support of the common

