
cause, and will not consent to lay down arms until peace is established on the basis of the foregoing resolutions.

WARREN AKIN,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk of the House of Representatives.

JOHN BILLUPS,

President of the Senate.

JAS. M. MOBLEY,

Secretary of the Senate.

Approved December 11, 1861.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

[JANUARY 17, 1862. -For Price to Benjamin, relating to the transfer of the Missouri State Guard to the Confederate Government, see Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 736.]

RICHMOND, January 17, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I cordially commend to your favorable consideration the plan of D. T. Bisbie, esq., for the importation into the Confederate States of such munitions and merchandise as our people now need, and I avail myself of the occasion to say that if such a scheme can be carried out by energetic and intelligent efforts it can be in no better hands than those of Mr. Bisbie, whom I have known for years as a gentleman of enterprising and unblemished character. *

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. BOTTLER.

AN ACT to organize the Territory of Arizona.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all that part of the present territory of New Mexico included within the following limits, to wit: Beginning on the Colorado River, at the parallel of north latitude thirty-four degrees; thence with said boundary until it intersects the line of Texas; and thence with said line to the Rio Grande, and so on to the line of Mexico, on said river, as fixed by the treaty of eighteen hundred and fifty-four; thence with the boundary line established by said treaty between the late United States and Mexico to the Colorado River; thence up the Colorado to the place of beginning, be, and the same is hereby, created into a temporary government, by the name of the Territory of Arizona; and nothing in this act shall be so constructed as to inhibit the Government of the Confederate States from dividing said Territory into two or more Territories, in such manner and at such times as Congress shall deem convenient and proper, or from attaching any portion of said Territory to any other State or Territory of the Confederate States; and the institution of slavery in said Territory shall receive all necessary protection, both from the

---------------

*See Bisbie to Benjamin, January 16, p. 843.

---------------

