
Territorial Legislature and the Congress of the Confederate States: Provided, also, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to impair the rights of persons or property now pertaining to the Pimos and Maricopas Indians on the Gila River, or the right or claim of the Confederate States to the remainder of the Territory of New Mexico, or to any other territory north of the line of thirty-four degrees north latitude.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the executive power and authority in and over said Territory of Arizona shall be vested in a Governor, who shall hold his office for six years, and until his successor shall be duly appointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by the President of the Confederate States. The Governor shall reside within said Territory, at the seat of government, and shall be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof; he may grant pardons and respites for offenses against the laws of said Territory, and reprieves for offenses against the laws of the Confederate States, until the decision of the President can be made known thereon; he shall commission all officers who shall be appointed to office under the laws of said Territory, and shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall reside therein, and hold his office for six years, unless sooner removed by the President of the Confederate States; he shall record and preserve all the laws and proceedings of the Legislature hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings of the Governor in his executive department; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and journals of the Legislature within thirty days after the end of each session, and one copy of the executive proceedings and official correspondence semi-annually, on the first days of January and July, in each year to the President of the Confederate States, and four copies of the laws to the Vice-President, to be deposited in the libraries of Congress; and in case of the death, removal, resignation, or absence of the Governor from the Territory, the secretary shall be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to execute and perform all the powers and duties of the Governor during such vacancy or absence, or until another Governor shall be duly appointed to fill such vacancy.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the legislative power and authority of said Territory shall be vested in the Governor and a Legislative Assembly. The Legislature shall consist of a council and house of representatives. The council shall consist of thirteen members, having the qualification of voters as hereinafter prescribed, whose term of office shall continue two years. The house of representatives shall, at its first session, consist of thirteen members, possessing the same qualifications as prescribed for members of the council, and whose term of office shall continue one year. The number of representatives may be increased by the Legislature, from time to time, in proportion to the increase of the qualified voters: Provided, That the whole number shall never exceed thirty-nine. An apportionment shall be made, as nearly equal as practicable, among the several counties or districts, for the election of the council and representatives, giving to each section of the Territory representation in the ration of its qualified voters, as nearly as may be. And the members of the council and of the house of representatives shall reside in, and be inhabitants of, the district or county or counties for which they may be elected respectively. The said apportionment

