
shall be based upon the census report of New Mexico for the year 1860, made by direction of the late United State.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Governor shall regulate the first election which shall be held for members of the council and house of representatives. The first election shall be held at such time and places, and be conducted in such manner, both as to persons who shall superintend such election and the returns thereof, as the Governor shall appoint and direct, and he shall, at the same time, declare the number of members of the council and house of representatives to which each of the counties or districts shall be entitled under this act. The persons having the highest number of legal votes in each of the election districts for members of the council shall be declared by him to be duly elected to the council, and the persons having the highest number of legal votes for the house of representatives shall be declared by him to be duly elected members of said house; and the Governor, thereupon, shall give to the respective members of the council and the house, so declared, certificates of election, under his official signature. In any case, where it shall be declared, in the first election, that the people have failed to elect, another election shall be ordered, and if any vacancy occurs during the session of the first Legislature another election shall likewise be ordered by the Governor, under the same rules, to fill such vacancies; but the first Legislature shall provide by law for all failures to elect, or vacancies which may occur thereafter. And it is hereby provided that no session shall exceed fifty days, except the first session, which may continue seventy days. And it is further provided that all legislative proceedings shall be conducted in the English language.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That every free white male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one years, who shall be an actual resident of said Territory and shall possess the qualifications hereinafter prescribed, shall be entitled to a vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to any office in the said Territory; but the qualifications of voters and of holding office shall be exercised only by citizens of the Confederate States: And provided further, That no officer, soldier, seaman, or marine, or other person in the Army or Navy of the Confederate States, or attached to troops in the service of the Confederate States, not being a citizen of said Territory, shall be allowed to vote or hold office in said Territory.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the Constitution of the Confederate States and the provisions of this act; but no law shall be passed interfering with the primary disposal of the soil; no tax shall be imposed upon the property of the Confederate States; nor shall the lands or other property of residents. Every bill which shall have passed the council and house of representatives of the said Territory shall, before it become it become a law, be presented to the Governor of the Territory; if he approve, he shall sign it; but if not, he shall return it, with his objections, to the house in which it originated, who shall enter the objections at large on their journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If, after such consideration, two-thirds of that house shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the order house, by which it shall likewise be considered, and, if approved by two-thirds of that house, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other house, by which it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other house, by which it shall likewise be considered, and, if approved by two-thirds of that house, it shall become a law. But in all such cases the votes of both houses shall be determined by yeas and nays, to be entered on the journal of each

