
house, respectively. If any bill shall not be returned by the Governor within six days (Sunday excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a law in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Legislature, by adjournment, prevent its return, in which case it shall not be a law: Provided always, That the Governor shall not exercise the veto in cases hereinafter expressly reserved or denied by this act: Provided further, That the Congress of the Confederate States may, at any time, change, modify, or annual any law that may be passed by the Legislative Assembly, but no change or annulling of the same shall affect or disturb any rights acquired previous to the making of such change or alteration: And provided further, That said Congress may, at any time during the existence of said territorial government, originate and pass for the people of said Territory any law which Congress may deem expedient or necessary and proper.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That all territorial and county officers not herein otherwise provided for shall be appointed by the Governor, and they shall hold their offices until they are filled by persons appointed or election conformably to such law as the Legislature shall enact in relation thereto. The Governor shall lay off, for the first election, the election districts for the members of the council and house of representatives, where deemed necessary: Provided always, That after the first session the Legislature shall exercise the sole power of laying off all election districts.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That no member of the Legislature shall hold or be appointed to any office which shall have been created or the salary or emoluments of which shall have been increased while he was a member, during the term for which he was elected, and for one year after the expiration of such term; but this restriction shall not be applicable to members of the first Legislature; and g a commission or appointment in the military service of the Confederate States shall be a member of the Legislature or hold any civil office under the government of said Territory.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the judicial power of said Territory shall be vested in a supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall consist of a chief justice and two associate justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quorum, and who shall hold a term at the seat of government of said Territory annually. They shall appoint a clerk, who shall hold his office during their pleasure, and who shall receive such fees in all cases in said court as the clerk of the supreme court of the Territory of New Mexico is now entitled to by law; and they shall hold their offices during the period of six years, and until their successors are duly appointed and qualified. The said Territory shall be divided into three judicial districts, and a district court shall be held in each of said districts by one of the justices of the supreme court at such times and places as may be prescribed by law; and the said judges shall, after their appointments, respectively reside in the districts which shall be assigned them. The jurisdiction of the several courts herein provided for, both appellate and original, and that of the probate courts and justices of the peace, shall be as limited by law: Provided, That justices of the peace shall not have jurisdiction of any matter in controversy when the title or boundaries of land may be in dispute or where the debt or sum claimed shall exceed $100; and the said supreme and district courts, respectively, shall possess chancery as well as common-law jurisdiction. Each district court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint

