
appointed by the President of the Confederate States. The Governor and secretary to be appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, respectively, take an oath or affirmation before a district judge or some justice of the peace in the limits of said Territory duly authorized to administer oaths and affirmations, or before the chief justice or some associate justice of the Supreme Court of the Confederate States, to support the Constitution of the Confederate States, and faithfully to discharge the duties of their respective officers; which said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified by the person before whom the same shall have been taken, and such certificates shall be received and recorded by the said secretary among the executive proceedings; and the chief justice and associate justices, and all other civil officers is said Territory, before they act as such, shall take a like oath or affirmation before the said Governor or secretary, or some judge or justice of the peace of the Territory, who may be duly commissioned and qualified, which said oath or affirmatiofied and transmitted by the person taking the same to the secretary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid; and afterward the like oath or affirmation shall be taken, certified, and recorded in such manner and form as may be prescribed by law. The Governor shall receive an annual salary of $1,500 as Governor, and $500 as commissioner of Indian affairs. The salary of the secretary of the Territory shall be the sum of $1,200 per annum, payable quarterly. The chief justice and associate justices shall each receive an annual salary of $1,800. All salaries shall be paid quarterly at the Treasury of the Confederate States. The members of the Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to receive $4 each per day during their attendance at the sessions thereof, and $4 each for every twenty miles travel in going to and returning from the said sessions, estimated according to the nearest usually traveled route. There shall be appropriated annually the sum of $1,000, to be expended by the Governor, to defray the contingent expenses of the Territory; there shall also be appropriated annually a sufficient sum, to be expended by the secretary of the Territory, and upon an estimate to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury of the Confederate States, to defray the expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the printing of the laws and other incidental expenses; and the secretary of the Territory shall annually account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the Confederate States, to defray the expenses of the Legislative Assembly, the printing of the laws and other incidental expenses; and the secretary of the Territory shall annually account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the Confederate States for the manner in which the aforesaid sum shall have been expended.

SEC. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Arizona shall hold its sessions at La Mesilla, which is hereby designated as the seat of government of the said Territory, until otherwise provided by law.

SEC. 14. A enacted, That a Delegate to the Congress of the Confederate States, to serve during each Congress, may be elected by the voters qualified to elect members of the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled to such rights and privileges as may be provided by the Constitution and laws of the Confederate States. The first election shall be held at such time and places, and be conducted in such manner, as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and at all subsequent elections the time and places and manner of holding elections shall be prescribed by law. The person having the greatest number of legal votes shall be declared by the Governor to be duly elected, and a certificate thereof shall be given accordingly; and such Delegate shall receive mileage at the rate of 10 cents per mile, and $8 for each day's attendance at the session of Congress.

