
SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That temporarily, and until otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said Territory may define the judicial districts of said Territory, and assign the judges who may be appointed for said Territory to the several districts, and also appoint the times and places of holding courts in the several counties or subdivisions in each of said judicial districts by proclamation to be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly at their first or any subsequent session may alter, modify, or organize such judicial districts, and assign the judges, and alter the times and places of holding the courts as to them shall seem proper and convenient.

SEC. 16. And be it further enacted, That the Constitution and all laws of the Confederate States, which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect within the Territory of Arizona as elsewhere within the Confederate States.

SEC. 17. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this act be, and are hereby, suspended until the President of the Confederate States shall issue his proclamation, declaring this act to be in full force and operation, and shall proceed to appoint the officers herein provided to be appointed in and for said Territory.

Approved January 18, 1862.

[JANUARY 18, 1862. -For J. E. Johnston to Benjamin, in relation to the act of Congress granting bounties and furloughs, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. V, p. 1036.]

[JANUARY 19, 1862. -For Blount to Benjamin, in relation to the secret organization of Union men in Alabama, &c., see Series I, VOL. VII, p. 840.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 20, 1862.

Hon. CHAIRMAN OF FINANCE COMMITTEE OF THE CONGRESS:

I have the honor, in conformity with your request, to submit the following estimates: First. For establishing railway communication between Danville, Va., and Greensborough, N. C., to be expended in such manner as the President may deem advisable, $1,000,000 in Confederate bonds. Second. For aiding in the completion of the railroad connection between Meridian, Miss., and Selma, Ala., to be advanced to the company now engaged in constructing said railroad, in Confederate bonds, on such terms as the President shall approve, $150,000. Third. To be loaned to the State of Missouri and applied with consent of her authorities to the pay of her troops prior to their muster into Confederate service, $1,000,000.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

PAYMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, January 20, 1862.

CHAIRMAN COMMITTEE ON MILITARY AFFAIRS,

HOUSE OF DELEGATES OF VIRGINIA:

SIR: In compliance with the resolution of the House of Delegates passed January 10, 1862, I have the honor to submit herewith an

