
[JANUARY 22, 1862. -For message of Jefferson Davis, in relation to "An act to provide for raising and organizing, in the State of Missouri, additional forces for the Provisional Army of the Confederate States," see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 771.]

[JANUARY 22, 1862. -For "An act to provide for raising and organizing, in the State of Missouri, additional troops for the Provisional Army of the Confederate States," see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 773.]

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to raise an additional military force to serve during the war," approved May eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That volunteers offering their service under an act entitled "An act to raise an additional military force to serve during the war," approved May eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, may be accepted by the President singly as well as companies, squadrons, battalions, or regiments.

SEC. 2. In all appointments of officers raised under this act the field and company officers shall be chosen and appointed in the manner prescribed by the act entitled "An act providing for the granting of bounty and furloughs to privates and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army," approved December eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-one; and all vacancies occurring in the said offices after the first election made under this act, as well as under the act entitled "An act to raise an additional military force to serve during the war," approved May eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall be filled by promotion according to grade and seniority, as provided in the said act of eleventh of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, except in case of disability or other incompetency: Provided, however, That the President be authorized to depart from the prescribed rule of promotion in favor of any person specially distinguished by his commanding general for extraordinary merit or some signal act of military skill or gallantry.

SEC. 3. Any vacancies occurring in the ranks of companies mustered into the Confederate service for three years or for the war may be filled by volunteers, and the commander of each of said squadrons, battalions, or regiments, organized as aforesaid, may detail one commissioned officer, and one non-commissioned officer, and one or more privates from each company of his command, with the approval of the brigadier-general of the brigade to which said squadron, battalion, or regiment may be attached, to recruit men for said company, so that the same may contain not more than one hundred and twenty-five, rank and file; and the men so recruited shall be mustered at the time of enrollment and shall be entitled to transportation and subsistence, or commutation of subsistence, till they join their respective companies, and to fifty dollars bounty to be paid at the time of joining the same.

SEC. 4. The President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint and commission persons as field officers or captains to raise regiments, squadrons, battalions, or companies, and the individuals comprising the same shall be mustered at the time of enrollment and be entitled

