
to pay, transportation, and subsistence from the date of the organization of companies; but the officers so appointed by the President shall not be entitled to any pay or allowance until their respective commands be fully organized and reported to the Secretary of War, and said appointments shall expire if the officer appointed shall not, and four months for a battalion, squadron, or regiment, report the corps authorized to be raised by him organized and ready for duty: Provided, nevertheless, That every officer so commissioned for such purpose shall receive an appointment proportioned to the force he recruits: And provided, furthermore, That no enlistments under the commission of captains shall be obligatory unless the number be sufficient to constitute a company.

Approved January 22, 1862.

AN ACT to authorize the appointment of officers of artillery in the Provisional Army and in the volunteer corps.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of Congress, in the Provisional Army and in the volunteer corps, officers of artillery above the rank of captain, without reference to the number of batteries under the actual command of the officers so appointed, not to exceed in number, however, one brigadier-general for every eighty guns, one colonel for every forty guns, one lieutenant-colonel for every twenty-four guns, and one major for every sixteen guns.

Approved January 22, 1862.

A RESOLUTION in reference to the arms of the volunteers for twelve months.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the military exigencies of the Confederate States render it absolutely necessary that the arms of the volunteers now in the service should be kept within the control of the President of the Confederate States; so that whenever the present volunteers shall be discharged from service the arms may be placed in the hands of others.

Approved January 22, 1862.

WEDNESDAY, January 22, 1862. *

* 	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

SECRET SESSION.

Congress being in secret session, the chair presented a communication from the Governor of Virginia, which was read, and is as follows, to wit:

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, January 20, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE PROVISIONAL CONGRESS:

In conformity with a request of the General Assembly of the State of Virginia I transmit to you joint resolutions, relative to the jurisdiction of Virginia, adopted by the Senate on the 16th instant, and by the House of Delegates on the 17th instant, as certified in due form by the clerks of the respective bodies.

JOHN LETCHER.

---------------

*From Journal of the Provisional Congress.

---------------

