
JOINT RESOLUTIONS.

Whereas, the public enemy, invited by domestic foes, being in power within some of the counties of Virginia, where they are confiscating the property of loyal citizens and otherwise oppressing them in cruel manner:

And whereas, the traitors there, contemplating a division of this time-honored Commonwealth, with the aid of this public enemy, have set up a pretended government over the same, which, under the force of circumstances, could not be prevented by the timely sending of an adequate military force;

And whereas, the Legislature desires to reassure all loyal citizens throughout the Commonwealth of their desire and intentions to protect them: Therefore,

Resolved by the Senate and House of Delegates, First. That in no even will the State of Virginia submit to or consent to the loss of a foot of her soil; that it is the firm determination of the State, and known to be that of the Confederate Government, to assert and maintain the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the State of Virginia, to the uttermost limit of her ancient boundaries, at any and every cost.

Second. That the Governor be requested to present a copy of these resolutions, properly certified, to the Provisional Congress now in session, and to the permanent Congress, to convene on the 22d of February, for their approval.

Agreed to by the Senate, January 16, 1862.

SHELTON C. DAVIS,

Clerk Senate.

Agreed to by the House of Delegates, January 17, 1862.

WM. F. GORDON, Jr.,

Clerk House of Delegates.

Mr. Rhett offered the following resolutions; which were read and agreed to, to wit:

Resolved, That Congress heartily approves of the resolutions passed by the Legislature of Virginia, expressing her determination to vindicate the integrity of her ancient boundary, and pledges all the resources of the Confederacy to uphold her determination.

Mr. Rhett moved that a copy of the foregoing resolution be served on the Governor of Virginia to lay before the Legislature.

The motion was agreed to.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VIRGINIA CENTRAL RAILROAD, PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., January 22, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: A convention of a number of railroad companies of the Confederate States held in this city on the 19th ultimo for the purpose of devising a plan for procuring supplies, appointed a committee to get information for the advancement of that object. Understanding that the Government was engaged in similar inquiries in reference to its wants, they were instructed to communicate with the Department having charge of that subject with a view to co-operation. At a meeting of the committee held this evening D. T. Bisbie, esq., read a communication which he designed presenting to you, containing some suggestions, the result of recent experience. * I am requested by the committee to say to you that they were very favorably impressed with the scheme of Mr. Bisbie, as far as it was developed, and, not committing themselves without further reflection, they recommend it to your consideration.

Very respectfully,

E. FONTAINE,

Chairman.

---------------

*See Bisbie to Benjamin, January 16, p. 843.

---------------

