
[JANUARY 22, 1862. -For Polk to Benjamin, in relation to re-enlistments for the war, see Series I, VOL. VII, p. 846.]

[JANUARY 22, 1862. -For Polk to Pettus, suggesting an additional force of at least 30,000 men on the Kentucky frontier, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. VII, p. 846.]

[JANUARY 23, 1862. -For message of Jefferson Davis, in relation to "An act to provide for raising and organizing, in the State of Missouri, additional troops for the Provisional Army of the Confederate States," see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 774.]

AN ACT to authorize the President to call upon the several States for troops to serve for three years or during the war.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the first section of the act of March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be, and is hereby, so modified as to authorize the President to call upon the several States, in his discretion, for any number of troops not exceeding in the aggregate the number heretofore authorized, to serve for the term of three years or during the war.

SEC. 2. In making such requisitions the President shall take into consideration the number of troops from each State already enlisted for the war at the time of the requisition, and shall, as far as practicable, equalize the same amongst the States according to their respective white population.

Approved January 23, 1862.

AN ACT to reorganize the militia.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly convened, That the militia of the State of Louisiana shall be composed of all the free white males capable of bearing arms residing in the State, and are eighteen years of age and not over forty-five, and who are not exempt under this law.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

SEC. 78. Be it further enacted, &c., That all laws conflicting with the provisions of this law be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and that this law shall not have force and effect until the fifteenth day of February next.

Approved January 23, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 24, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of the chief of the commissariat of the Army, in response to the resolution of the Congress of the 11th instant, passed in the following words, viz:

Resolved, That the President cause to be communicated to the Congress the several localities in the Confederate States where pork and beef are being packed for the Government, and what flour and other provisions have been purchased and

