
unfriendly power. No lover of human liberty was heard to exclaim, wherever people calling themselves Republicans were, through their representatives, offering to furnish the means to compel millions of their fellow-men-their equals and lately their fellow-citizens-to submit to a Government under which they honestly believed they could not enjoy their admitted and just rights. No Burke, no Barre, no Fox, declared against acts of tyranny far more odious and cruel than those which a North and a Bute perpetrated under the authority of a Crown, and which found illustrations patriots ready to denounce in the hearing of the mighty monarch who sat on the thrown of Great Britain. We are not only assured that force of arms is to be employed to compel us to pass under the yoke of Black Republican rule by the evidences I have alluded to, derived from legislative proceedings of the State Legislatures and of representative men in Congress from non-slave-holding States, but daily the press and the pulpit pour forth denunciations against our people and earnestly count the days yet to lapse when they fervently hope to see their representative man, Abraham Lincoln, enthroned at Washington in undisputed possession of all the machinery of the Government, supported by the military chieftain, who, like Napoleon at Paris, coolly and deliberately, without remorse or hesitancy, plants the cannon that is to mow down, at his word of command, his fellow-citizens, whom a love of liberty may urge to make an effort to save the tomb of Washington from remaining in the keeping of those who have forgotten his precepts, and have by the organization of a sectional party destroyed the Government and buried the spirit of the Constitution. We are forewarned of coming attacks upon our political and civil liberties, and shall we not be forearmed? We have yet heard but the mutterings of the thunder, but the storm is not afar off. It may pass by us, but let us be prepared to meet it firmly and avert from our people the injury with which it threatens them. Let us remember the voice of that illustrious Southerner whose mortal remains lie entombed on the banks of the Potomac, who counseled us "In time of peace to prepare for war. " Let us arm for the contest, and perchance by a show of our force and our readiness of the combat we may escape the realities of war. Already our brethren of the Southern States are arming. We, too, have made some preparation, but much remains undone. We see that even the slave-holding States of Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, and North Carolina, which have not yet cut loose the ties which connect them politically with the non-slave-holding States, are arming for the contest. In Virginia the people are ahead of the Legislature, and have in their county meetings empowered the county authorities to put the militia on a war footing, and have raised funds for the purchase of arms and ammunition. All these signs and tokens warn us to be ready to defend our rights. With the notes of hostile preparation sounding in our ears, with the example of our brethren (whose fate we must share) to stimulate us, is it not our duty to prepare to sustain by our arms what we have determined upon in our counsels?

We who were emulous of being foremost in dissolving the Union should not be laggard in preparing for the contest. We have taken the field. Our flag is unfurled of Pensacola, where our gallant troops stand shoulder to shoulder with the brave volunteers from our sister States, who, with a noble, generous chivalry, stand ready to obey our orders and co-operate with us most cordially in our time of need. Let us make provisions to keep them under arms and to call

