
out and support them by others should they be needed. The State expect us to do our duty; the people will do theirs. I invite you, therefore, to lend me your aid and to unite with me in providing for the calling into service such a number of troops as may be equal to our defense when assisted, as we shall be, by our sister States who are preparing to unite their political fortunes with ours. I also suggest to you that you should make special appropriations for the pay and maintenance of as many troops as may be called into service, and for the purchase of munitions of war, transportation of troops, and other expenses incidental to the defenses of the State. The States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia, Alabama, and South Carolina, which have dissolved their connection with the late Federal Union, have elected delegates to meet with those sent from this State to the convention to be held in Montgomery, Ala., on the 4th day of this month, being the day suggested by a majority of the seceding States. We may expect, therefore, that the convention will at an early day form a provisional government for the States represented and call for troops and money from the confederates. The quota of Florida will not be large, but we should proceed to organize the force which we are likely to be called on to furnish, and appropriate the means necessary for the maintenance and pay of them and our quota of the expense of the common defense.

I am not able to lay before you an estimate of the amount necessary, but will readily confer with committees of your bodies, with a view to ascertain what sum of money may be required therefor.

Very respectfully,

M. S. PERRY.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., February 4, 1861.

Hon. A. B. MEEK,

Speaker House of Representatives:

SIR: I herewith transmit to the House of Representatives certain preamble and resolutions adopted by the General Assembly of Virginia January 19, 1861. These resolutions have been handed to me by Judge John Robertson, who has been appointed a commissioner to this State by the Legislature of Virginia. The special object of his mission will be fully seen and understood by reference to the resolutions. The following communication was addressed to me by Judge Robertson:

MONTGOMERY HALL, February 3, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF ALABAMA:

SIR: Looking with deep concern at the menacing attitude in which the seceded States and the Government of Washington stand toward each other, the State of Virginia appeal to both parties to abstain from all acts of a hostile tendency until a further effort shall be made to terminate existing differences by an honorable and peaceful adjustment. I avail myself of the earliest moment to transmit to Your Excellency the resolutions of the General Assembly of Virginia adopted with that view, and commissioning me to convey their friendly mediation to yourself and the authorities of the seceding States. The day for the meeting of the proposed commissioners at Washington you will perceive is at hand. This must be my apology for asking as early a reply as may consist with your convenience. It will afford me much pleasure to give, if desired, any further explanation in my power touching the objects of my mission on the views of the State I have the honor to present.

Very respectfully,

JOHN ROBERTSON.

