
will be designated by the color of the sides and crown-red for artillery, light blue for infantry, and yellow for cavalry. The number of the regiment will be worn in front in yellow metal.

In hot weather a white duck or linen cover, known as a havelock, will be worn-the apron to fall behind, so as to protect the ears and neck from the rays of the sun. In winter in bad weather an oilskin cover will be worn, with an apron to fall over the coat collar.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MILITARY DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, January 25, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Permit me to inquire of you whether or not the troops which were called into service in this State by Governor Pickens in November last, and placed under the command of Confederate officers, will be paid by the Confederate Government. Although all the time actually employed in the field under Confederate authority, they were never mustered into Confederate service. Their term of service will expire in a few days, when they will be disbanded and be called upon again to volunteer or be drafted and put into new organizations in conformity with the requirements of Confederate law. Inquiries are addressed to this department on the point submitted, and I will be pleased to have your answer.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES CHESNUT, Jr.,

Chief of Military Department.

[JANUARY 25, 1862. -For Benjamin to J. E. Johnston, in relation to furloughs, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. V, p. 1045.]

SPOTSWOOD HOTEL,

Richmond, January 25, 1862.

Hon. JEFF. DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

DEAR SIR: I am quite sure you will pardon me for taking this method of continuing the subject of our conversation to-day. If any suggestions I can make should prove beneficial to the Government or satisfactory to you, I shall be thankful that I have been of some service to my adopted country. If useless I shall regret troubling you with them. First, as to the economical and speedy transportation of Government troops and freight. The more reflection I give the subject the better and I satisfied that written contracts should be entered into with the several railroad companies of the Confederacy for the transportation of Government troops, munitions of war, and supplies, stipulating the price to be paid to each company, and that Government freights should have preference over all others as to time of transit, and that the Government trains should run day and night.

