
the Tredegar Works, informs me they will have a rolling-mill in operation by May, and will then be able to furnish some railroad supplies, such as tire-axles, boiler-plate, sheet-iron, &amp;c. There are in Shelby County, Ala., perhaps the most valuable beds of iron and coal in the whole South. At present it is inaccessible.

There is a convention of railroad presidents called in this city on the 5th proximo. The object of the meeting, as I understand it, is to devise some method whereby they may obtain such supplies as will soon become a necessity. The period of that meeting will be a favorable time to ascertain the disposition of the several companies to enter into contract with the Government for transportation of freight, and to give aid and assistance in erecting rolling-mills. The ability of the several companies to manufacture engines could then be also ascertained.

I have, dear sir, to crave your indulgence for this protracted letter. I could not say less; perhaps should have added more, but for the trespass on your time and patience.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. GOODMAN.

AN ACT for the relief of the State of Missouri.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to issue to the State of Missouri, upon the application of the fund commissioners for said State $1,000,000 in Treasury notes, upon the condition that the said State of Missouri deposit with the Secretary of the Treasury of the Confederate States an equal sum in the bonds of the State of Missouri, authorized to be issued under an act of the Legislature of said State, entitled "An act to provide for the defense of said State, and for other purposes," which bonds shall be held by the Secretary of the Treasury until the accounts of the State of Missouri for advances made for military purposes are adjusted as Congress may direct.

SEC. 2. That upon the final adjustment of the accounts of the State of Missouri against the Confederate States, the sum hereby advanced shall be deducted from the amount found due to said State.

SEC. 3. The sum hereby appropriated shall be applied by the State of Missouri to the payment of troops in the service of the said State prior to their muster into the Confederate service.

Approved January 27, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, January 28, 1862.

B. FALLON, Esq.,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of 28th instant [ultimo] I inform you that I cannot accept your propositions, but will enter into contract with you as follows, viz:

First. You are to introduce into some port of the Confederate States east of the Trinity River, Tex., the articles (or as many thereof as you can) embraced in the list inclosed and signed by me. Your deliveries are to commence as promptly as possible.

