
Second. You are to purchase these articles on as reasonable terms as you can, and to receive in payment their cost with 50 per cent.

profit and reimbursement of freight, drayage, package, and cost of loading at the port of departure.

Third. For freight you twice the current rates of freight from the port of loading to the port of Havana for articles of merchandise under neutral flags-say flags of England, or France, or Spain.

Fourth. Payment to be made to you on arrival and delivery of cargo in a Confederate port in good order. This Government assumes no risk whatever, but will pay on delivery for the articles received at the rates above agreed on, in cotton, at current market prices, which cotton you shall be at once at liberty to export for your own account and risk. If you bring your cargo into a port where there is no cotton market, the cotton will be delivered to you at the nearest cotton port to the one you enter.

Fifth. The articles purchased by you will be inspected by an officer in our service in Europe, and when once inspected and received by him as satisfactory no further question of quality will be made, unless the articles be damaged in transportation. This damage is at your risk.

Sixth. You are to exhibit this contract to some one of our commissioners in Europe, who will designate the officer that will inspect your cargo at its port of loading, and furnish you a certificate of his inspection.

Seventh. This contract shall cease upon the restoration of peace between the United States and the Confederate States, but this Government will receive and pay for all articles that may be actually shipped under its terms before it shall be publicly announced in the newspapers of France and England that peace has been made. The articles referred to are as follows: Two hundred tons of saltpeter; 200 tons cannon-powder; 100 tons rifle or musket powder; 20,000 rifles or rifled muskets, with bayonets; 5,000 carbines; 5,000 revolving pistols for cavalry; 5,000 sabers for cavalry, with belts; 1,000 sabers for artillerists, with belts; 50 tons of bar steel, assorted sizes, from 1 inch square upward, chiefly smaller sizes; 100 gross of files, assorted sizes, for armorers and finishing purposes; 400 gross assorted screws from 1 1/4 inches to 2 1/2 inches; 40 carboys nitric acid; 100 carboys sulfuric acid; 50,000 pounds of leather suitable for harness and bridles.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WEDNESDAY, January 29, 1862. *

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

Mr. Waul, from the special committee appointed to examine into the Quartermaster's, Commissary, and Medical Departments, made a report, which was laid on the table and ordered to be printed, and is as follows, to wit:

REPORT.

The committee appointed under the resolution of Congress "To inquire into the organization and administration of the Medical, Commissary, and Quartermaster's Departments, and to report what changes in the laws and regulations

---------------

*From Journal of the Provisional Congress.

---------------

