
cases, a virtual denial of the privilege. Observation proves that whenever it is possible to remove the sick, in the low depressing diseases of the camp, preying as much on the mind and spirits of the sufferer as on his body, a furlough and return to home and its associations caused speedy recoveries and return to duty. Some modifications of the law and regulations on this subject in indispensably necessary, or we may look with apprehension for the recuperation of our Army by volunteers in the spring. They wound recommend such legislation as would reach all cases removed from the regiments to hospitals by authorizing those in command of stations to grant furloughs or discharges and simplify the process by which they are obtained, whilst sick, under the immediate observation of regimental authority.

The committee cannot close this part of the subject without a testimonial to the kindness and patriotism of our citizens at home, manifested in their unremitting efforts to supply the wants and relieve the sufferings of the soldiers, sick and well. The supply of money, clothing, and hospital stores derived from this generous source is not only of immense value in itself, but the most cheering indication of the spirit of our people in the case of our independence. The women of the country, with the tenderness and generosity of their sex, have not only loaded the cars with all those appliances for the comfort of the sick which their patriotic ingenuity could devise, but have also come to the rescue in clothing those who are well and bearing arms in the field. They have made large pecuniary contributions, taken charge of the hospitals established by the States, and, as matrons of those institutions, have carried cleanliness and comfort to the gallant soldier far from home and kindred. To the women of the country simple gratitude demands that public thanks be given and a public acknowledgment of their faithfulness in the glorious work of effecting our indepen of their duty, the committee visited and examined the prisons and hospitals of the prisoners in Richmond. The sick and wounded are fully cared for, and the food furnished for all was both wholesome and ample. There was no cause of complaint in the entire management. Both medical attention and the supply of necessaries for food were such as justice and humanity demanded.

Inspection and reports. -The health, comfort, and efficiency of the Army results less from defects in legislation than the proper enforcement of the Regulations and a regular and thorough system of inspection.

The offices of adjutant and inspector general, now united, have distinct and separate duties. The labors of the adjutant generally confine him to his desk; those of the inspector demand his active presence in the field. The adjutant is the channel of communication in all matters relating to the discipline and organization of the Army, and these officers are constantly occupied with the details of service and in office duties. The duty of the inspector is, by personal investigation, to learn whether the rules and regulations of the Army are properly enforced, and to report when, where, by whom, and in what manner they have been neglected.

A detail of the duties and the requirements of the reports are embraced in the following sections of the Army Regulations:

"INSPECTION REPORTS.

"462. Inspection reports will show the discipline of the troops, their instruction in all military exercises and duties; the state of their arms, clothing, equipments, and accouterments of all kinds; of their kitchens and messes; of the barracks and quarters at the post; of the guard-house, prisons, hospital, bake-house, magazines, store-houses, and stores of every description; of the stables and horses; the condition of the post school, the management and application of the post and company funds; the state of the post and regimental and company books, papers, and files; the zeal and ability of the officers in command of troops, the capacity of the officers conducting the administrative and staff services, the fidelity and economy of their disbursements, the condition of all public property, and the amount of money in the hands of each disbursing officer; the regularity of issues and payments; the mode of enforcing discipline by courts-martial, and by the authority of the officers; the propriety and legality of all punishments inflicted; and any information whatsoever concerning the service in any matter or particular that may merit notice or aid to correct defects or introduce improvements.

"463. Inspectors are required particularly to report if any officer is of intemperate habits, or unfit for active service by infirmity or any other cause. "

The importance and extent of these duties show that all the time, attendance, and labor of an efficient corps is necessary for their performance, with such rank as to induce respect and obtain able and energetic officers. The separation would

