
be less imperative in an army thoroughly organized and disciplined, but the immense number of raw recruits and uninstructed officers renders it indispensable to indoctrinate as well as to supervise. The reports should be made to the Inspector-General at the War Department, as well as to the commander to whose staff the inspector is attached, thereby insuring the performance of the duties by the inspectors enforcing the requirements for officers to remedy defects throughout their command, and bringing before the Secretary of War knowledge of the condition of the Army.

Medical Inspectors. -By the Regulations the medical director is made the inspector of hospitals, and required to enforce the regulations, &amp;c. Like the adjutant, his time is so much occupied by the details of service that in most instances this important duty has been neglected, and the committee suggest, for the consideration of Congress, if it is not due to the proper care of the sick and the protection of the well from disease to add officers to the present medical staff, whose duties should require them to inspect and report upon the sanitary condition and police of hospitals, camps, and posts occupied by troops, and the skill and efficiency of the officers, stewards, nurses, and employees attached to this department.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

T. N. WAUL,

For the Committee.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," approved March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," approved March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be, and the same is hereby, so amended that the provisions of the second section of said act, limiting the term for which the militia may be called into service to a period not exceeding six months, shall not apply to men drafted into service by the several States, and furnished by said States to the President, for service for three years or during the war, in response to requisitions made upon said States according to law.

Approved January 29, 1862.

AN ACT to aid the State of Kentucky, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to issue to the State of Kentucky, upon the application of the Governor and council of the provisional government of said State, the sum of $2,000,000 in Treasury notes, to be expended by said Governor and council in raising and organizing, for the Confederate service, troops in said State, supplying the same with clothing, subsistence, transportation, arms, and ammunition.

SEC. 2. The sum appropriated by the first section of this act is to be drawn from the Treasury of the Confederate States by the Governor of Kentucky, with the approval of the President of the Confederate States, from time to time, and in such sums as the Governor of Kentucky may need to carry out the objects of this appropriation, the Governor filling, before making his requisitions upon the Treasury, with the Secretary of War, estimates showing the purposes and objects to which said sums of money are to be applied.

Approved January 29, 1862.

