
[FEBRUARY 1, 1862-For J. E. Johnston to Benjamin, in relation to furloughs for re-enlistment, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. V, p. 1057.]

RICHMOND, February 1, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The President having been kind enough to allow me to reorganize legion on a larger footing and on a somewhat different plan, I beg to lay before you the scheme of my proposed organization, that it may receive, as I trust it will, your sanction. I desire to bring in for the war a brigade, to consist of from two to four regiments of infantry, each regiment to have a company of artillery and one or two of cavalry. This would give force enough to constitute a very strong brigade, and yet the formation of it would not preclude its being thrown with other troops. The legion will furnish, I think, the basis for one regiment and will give an artillery battalion. I propose to call for volunteers for the war at once, and the President says that I may receive any unattached companies that may offer. Of course I should notify you of all that offer, and I beg to be allowed to receive any suitable regiment which may be now ready for service and unattached.

The term of service of the legion expires on June 12, and I am anxious to proceed to its reorganization at once.

Hoping that the plan submitted to you may receive your approval,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Colonel of Legion.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 2, 1862.

JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: In compliance with the recent act of Congress, entitled "An act to authorize the President to call upon the several States for troops to serve for three years or during the war," I am instructed by the President to call upon the Governors of the several States to fill up the quota of troops enlisted for the war to an amount equal to 6 per cent. of the total white population. According to this basis the number of troops still required from the State of Alabama would be 15,351; but the State has furnished, in addoops for the war, 9,970 men for twelve months, and it is deemed safe to rely upon the re-enlistment of half that number under the act of Congress providing bounty and furlough for re-enlisted men. I have, therefore, the honor to request Your Excellency to furnish from the State of Alabama twelve regiments of troops for the war, being the number that will be required, as nearly as can now be estimated, to supply the quota of your State. These troops will be mustered into service at convenient camps of instruction, which you are respectfully requested to select, and will there be clothed, supplied, and armed at the expense of the Confederate States. Each soldier will receive a bounty of $50 when the regiment or company is mustered into service, and will be allowed transportation from his home to the place of rendezvous. It is earnestly desired that the troops now called for be

