
hereby appropriated and may be applied by the Secretary of the Treasury to the redemption of the said bonds.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of providing such coin as may be required for the use of the Government, the sum of $2,000,000 is hereby appropriated, to be drawn and applied by the Secretary of the Treasury from time to time as the public exigencies may require.

Approved February 3, 1862.

AN ACT supplementary to an act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to raise an additional force to serve during the war, and for other purposes," approved May eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one. a

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the second section of the above-recited act, requiring the election of field and company officers by regiments and companies, shall not apply to companies, battalions, and regiments raised under the fourth section of said act; but the officers appointed by the President to raise such companies, battalions, and regiments shall be the officers of the same; and the commissions of such officers granted by the President shall, when their respective commands are fully organized, be absolute.

Approved February 3, 1862.

A RESOLUTION supplemental to the resolution entitled "A resolution appointing John D. Morris, of Kentucky, a receiver under the act of sequestration, approved August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one," and which was approved by the President on the sixteenth of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do resolve, That in all cases in any court of the Confederate States instituted by authority of the above-mentioned resolution, whenever it shall appear to the court that the documentary evidence of witnesses necessary to establish the facts alleged in the petition, and authorize the judgment of the court, are situated within the territorial limits occupied by the public enemy, the court may, in its discretion, admit on the hearing the following articles of documentary and testimonial proof: First. A copy of any report or enunciation of the bank that it had loaned or extended pecuniary aid to the United States or the government of Kentucky waging war against the Confederate States; and such report or enunciation may be read from what shall appear to be a copy or statement of its substance in the journals or session acts of the Legislature of Kentucky, or from any periodical journal of the State published within the dominions of the enemy, or testimonial proof of the substance of the contents of such documents. Second. Testimonial proof in parol, in letters or any other form of paper writing, of the admission of the president or cashiers of the bank that such loan or pecuniary aid had been made or afforded to the enemy. Third. Circumstantial evidence of facts from which the facts necessary to make out the case are fairly inferable. But in

a The title of the act referred to in the title to the above act is not correctly set forth. The act referred to was approved January 22, 1862.

