
every case the offer of such proof shall be accompanied with the affidavit of the receiver that he believes the facts which such evidence tends to prove are true.

Approved February 3, 1862.

MOBILE, February 3, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States of America:

SIR: The subject of permitting cotton to leave our Southern ports clandestinely has had some attention from me, and I have come to the conclusion that it is a Yankee trick that should have immediate attention from the gorities of this country. The pretense is that we must let it go forward to buy arms and other munitions of war, and I fear the fate of the steamer Calhoun illustrates the destination of these arms and munitions of war after they are bought with our cotton. Her commander set her on fire and the Yankee put her out just in time to secure the prize. This cotton power is a momentous question and one that claims consideration from the greatest philosophers of the age in political as well as financial matters, and I would ask that the attention of the Congress of the Confederate States be called to the jurisdiction of the export of cotton from all the Confederate ports until the close of the war or the negotiations of treaties of amity and commerce with the nations of Europe that may want cotton from us for their consumption. This leaky blockade system should be deprecated as one that the parties to it either dupes or knaves, and not in the least calculated to demonstrate the fact that our cotton crops are a necessity to the commerce of the world. If it is not, the sooner we know it the better, that we may engage in other profitable pursuits; and if it is, European nations should know it, and should also know that our consent to their obtaining it is an essential part of the transaction, and without which I fear we will lose the power that cotton ought to give to our country.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE.

[FEBRUARY 3, 1862. -For R. W. Johnston to Benjamin, in relation to the re-enlistment of Arkansas troops, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 781.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1862.

G. W. JOHNSON,

Governor of Kentucky, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Congress has recently passed a law entitled "An act to authorize the President to call upon the several States for troops to serve for three years or during the war. " In accordance with its provisions I have been instructed by the President to make a call on the several States for a number of men, to be enlisted for the war, sufficient to fill up a quota equal to 6 per cent. of the entire white population. Under these instructions the number of troops required from your State would be about 46,000 men, or about fifty-eight regiments, averaging 800 men each. Under the peculiar circumstances in which Kentucky is placed and the difficulties which embarrass her authorities I cannot

