
hope that you will able at present to meet this call, which it is, however, my duty to make.

I therefore respectfully call upon Your Excellency to have raised and mustered into the Confederate service the above-named number of regiments, or as many thereof as it may be possible for you to obtain. These regiments, as formed, will be mustered into the Confederate service, and will report, as fast as mustered, to General A. S. Johnston, at his headquarters. They will be clothed, subsisted, and armed at the expense of the Confederate States, and each man will be entitled, when his company is mustered into service, to receive a bounty of $50 and transportation from his home to the place of rendezvous.

It is earnestly hoped that Your Excellency will spare no pains to have your troops ready for the field as promptly as possible. They will be joined by large re-enforcements from your sister States, and it is confidently believed that but a short period will elapse ere the soil of Kentucky will be freed from the oppression of the invader, and your whole people will be enabled to unite in a common effort for securing the blessings of peace and independence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1862.

C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of Missouri:

SIR: Congress has recently passed a law entitled "An act to authorize the President to call upon the several States for troops to serve for three years or during the war," and in accordance with its provisions I have been instructed by the President to make a call on the several States for a number of men, to be enlisted for the war, sufficient to fill up a quota equal to 6 per cent. on the entire white population. Under these instructions the number of troops required from your State would be about 71,000 men, or eighty-nine regiments, of 800 men on an average. Under the peculiar circumstances in which Missouri is placed and the difficulties which embarrass her authorities I cannot hope that you will be able at present to meet the requisition, which it is, however, my duty to make.

I therefore respectfully call on Your Excellency to raise and have mustered into the Confederate service the above-named number of regiments, or so many thereof as it may be possible for you to obtain. These regiments will be called into camps of instruction, which you are invited to select. They will there be clothed, subsisted, and armed at the expense of the Confederate States. Each man will receive a bounty of $50 when mustered into service, as well as transportation from his home to the place of rendezvous.

It is earnestly hoped that Your Excellency will spare no effort to have your troops ready for the field by March 15, at which date it is confidently believed you will be joined by the forces of your sister States in such numbers as will enable us, by conjoint effort, to drive the invader from the soil of Missouri.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

