
RICHMOND, February 3, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel ROBERTS,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Army of the Potomac, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to direct that you proceed to the district of country between the left bank of the Trinity River and the northern and eastern boundary of Texas, therein to organize and to muster into service for the war five infantry regiments. Establish your depot or principal rendezvous at some point within that district eligible for its accessibility and abundance of the supplies which may be necessary for the support and comfortable maintenance of the troops to be organized. These regiments you will organize and muster into service yourself, by companies, as soon as the latter reach their full complement of men and officers. The men of these regiments will be authorized to mount themselves on horses or mules for transportation to their field of action, receiving 10 cents per mile as communication of transportation and to cover risks of loss by the way. Upon reaching their destination these animals will be appraised, purchased, and paid for by the Government in currency, and in call cases must have been approved by a Government officer to be designated for that purpose before leaving Texas, which fact should be indicated upon the muster-roll opposite each man's name in the column of remarks. These regiments will be armed by the Government. A quartermaster and a commissary will be sent out, provided with the necessary funds to meet the current expenses of the troops as they are organized. In mustering and swearing in the troops have special regard to their physical capabilities, receiving no man likely to entail expense upon the Government by feeble health and probable incapacity to perform a soldier's duty. Your reports will be made directly to this office, and the troops organized under these instructions will be subject only to orders given by the War Department while remaining in Texas, of which fact General Hebert will be advised. After deciding, report promptly the point of rendezvous decided upon, giving the nearest post down and its county.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 3, 1862. -For Pickens to Davis, in relation to claim for arms belonging to the State of South Carolina, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 372.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 3, 1862.

Colonel WADE HAMPTON,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant, explaining your plan for the reorganization of the Hampton Legion, which you had already submitted to the President, has been received. In reply, I approve the proposed plan, with the remark, however, that we have no "unattached regiments" which could be made available for this object.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

