
constitute the basis of such as adjustment of the unhappy controversy which now divides the States of this confederacy as would be accepted by the people of this Commonwealth.

6. Resolved, That Ex-President John Tyler is hereby appointed by the concurrent vote of each branch of the General Assembly a commissioner to the President of the United States, and Judge John Robertson is hereby appointed, by a like vote, a commissioner to the State of South Carolina and the other States that have seceded, or shall secede, with instructions respectfully to request the President of the United States and the authorities of such States to agree to abstain, pending the proceedings contemplated by the action of this General Assembly, from any and all acts calculated to produce a collision of arms between the States and the Government of the United States.

7. Resolved, That copies of the foregoing resolutions be forthwith telegraphed to the Executive of the several States, and also to the President of the United States, and that the Governor be requested to inform, without delay, the commissioners of their appointment by the foregoing resolutions.

[FEBRUARY 5, 1861. - For Governor of Alabama to Burtwell and others, authorizing the enlistment of recruits for State service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 16.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA., February 6, 1861. *

Hon. HOWELL COBB,

President of the Southern Congress:

The undersigned have the honor to submit to the consideration of the Southern Congress the accompanying resolutions adopted by the General Assembly of the State of North Carolina on the 29th ultimo. We are, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

D. L. SWAIN.

M. W. RANSOM.

JOHN L. BRIDGES.

The following were then reported to the Congress as the resolutions accompanying the foregoing communication:

1. Resolved, That for the purpose of effecting an honorable and amicable adjustment of all the difficulties that distract the country, upon the basis of the Crittenden Resolutions as modified by the Legislature of Virginia, and for the purpose of consulting for our common peace, honor, and safety, the Hon. Thomas Ruffin, of Alamance, D. M. Barringer, David L. Reid, John M. Morehead, and George Davis be, and they are hereby, appointed commissioners to represent North Carolina in the proposed consultation to be held at Washington City on the 4th of February, 1861.

And whereas the State of North Carolina has been invited by the State of Alabama to meet at the city of Montgomery on the 4th of February, 1861, for the purpose of forming a provisional as well as permanent government; and whereas North Carolina as a part of the Federal Union has no right to send delegates for such a purpose: Therefore,

2. Be it resolved, That for the purpose of effecting an honorable and amicable adjustment of all the difficulties that distract the country, upon the basis of the Crittenden Resolutions, as modified by the Legislature of Virginia, and for the purpose of consulting for our common peace, honor, and safety, the Hon. David

---------------

*From Journal of the Provisional Congress.

---------------

