
other. As the questions to which the above inquiries relate are soon to be of practical importance, and as your decision may to some extent affect the action of the troops, I beg your forgiveness for this encroachment upon your valuable time and respectfully solicit an early reply.

With an ardent desire for the early triumph of our arms and the establishment of our Government upon an equitable and permanent basis,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[FEBRUARY 4, 1862. -For General Orders, No. 21, Department of Northern Virginia, appealing to the twelve-months' troops to re-enlist, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. V, p. 1060.]

[FEBRUARY 5, 1862. -For Benjamin to Price, in relation organization of troops in Missouri, &c., see Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 747.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 5, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive this day your letter of the 2d instant calling upon me, under a recent act of Congress, to furnish "troops to serve for three years or during the war. "

I have communicated your letter to the General Assembly, in secret session, and have urged upon the two houses the necessity of immediate action to enable me to comply with the requisition by the day indicated in your letter.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

A RESOLUTION in regard to the transfer of certain Indian trust funds to the Confederate States.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Government of the Confederate States hereby agrees to indemnify the several States of this Confederacy against any loss or liability incurred by them because of the payment or transfer, on the part of the said several States to the Government of the Confederate States, of any stocks, bonds, or funds belonging to certain Indian tribes or members thereof, in pursuance of the facts of the Congress of May twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and January tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

Approved February 6, 1862.

[FEBRUARY 6, 1862. -For Rector to Benjamin, in relation to Van Dorn's call on Arkansas for 8,500 men, see Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 748.]

