
RICHMOND, February 7, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Coosawhatchie, S. C.:

SIR: Ship carpenters, engine builders, boiler makers, and other artisans usually employed in the construction of steamers are required for the public service in Virginia. The Secretary of War desires that you will allow S. W. Corbin, master carpenter, Navy, to post notices and advertisements for such, inviting all who are willing to be detailed for such service to hand in their names. These, or as many as can be spared without weakening your forces overmuch, you will immediately detail and send with dispatch to this city, directing the officer in charge of them to report to the Secretary of the Navy. Inclosed is a copy of the advertisement which Mr. Corbin is authorized to put and which will cause to be read to the troops under your command.

By direction of the Secretary of War:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

MECHANICS WANTED IN VIRGINIA.

Ship carpenters, engine builders, boiler makers, and other artisans usually employed in the building and fitting out of steamers, who are willing to be detailed for the purpose of working for the Government at their trade in Virginia, are requested to hand in their names to the undersigned. Those whose service may be accepted will be furnished with transportation to Richmond, and will receive the wages allowed to the corresponding classes of workmen at the Norfolk Navy-Yard, which vary from-to-a day, according to qualification. The pay will commence from the day on which the detail is ordered, and when their times are out the men will be furnished with free tickets over the railroads leading to their domiciles.

S. W. CORBIN,

Acting Master, Confederate Navy.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 7, 1862.

Major N. R. CARY,

Late Thirty-ninth Regiment Virginia, Vols., Smithfield, Va.:

SIR: You are authorized to accept the enlistment of volunteers, and to muster into service companies for three years or the war, to be organized into a battalion, electing its own field officer as soon as a sufficient number of companies are mustered. These enlistments will be binding from the date of enrollment, and you are authorized to establish a convenient rendezvous, and to make requisition for their transportation and subsistence to the place of rendezvous, and for their subsistence there until regularly organized. Should you at the end of two months from this date have failed to organize a full battalion you will report the number of companies mustered and the number of men enlisted, stating what proportion thereof are members of the late Thirty-ninth Virginia Regiment, when such orders will be

