
issued for their further organization as may be deemed expedient, regarding, so far as may be consistent with the interests of the service, the wishes and the composition of the companies.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, February 9, 1862.

Governor H. M. RECTOR,

Little Rock:

The funds will be place at once in the hands of the quartermaster to pay bounty for men who enlist for the war.

They will be subsisted as fast as raised and transportation paid to place of rendezvous. Establish camps at convenient points and I will order subsistence supplied at the camps and money to pay bounty. Let me know where you fix your camps. *

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT to provide for connecting the Richmond and Danville and the North Carolina Railroads for military purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to contract, upon such terms and conditions as he may think proper, with any company or companies which have been, or may be, incorporated and organized for the purpose of building and working a railroad or railroads, so as to connect the Richmond and Danville Railroad with the North Carolina Railroad, at such points as he may deem most advantageous to the Government, or to adopt such other course for building or working, or having the said built and worked, so as to effect the said connection in the manner he may think will best promote the public interest.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That, to enable the President to accomplish the object contemplated by this act, the sum of $1,000,000 in bonds of the Confederate States is hereby appropriated, to be issued and applied, by order of the President, at such times and in such sums as he may deem proper.

Approved February 10, 1862.

MILLEDGEVILLE, February 10, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN:

Will you receive cavalry, or is the call intended to do for twelve regiments of infantry? The term used in your requisition is troops. I shall establish three camps of instruction. Please designate one or more agents who have funds to supply tents and provisions as fast as companies arrive, and designate quartermasters, commissaries, and surgeons. Please answer immediately.

JOS. E. BROWN.

---------------

* This in reply to Rector of February 6, Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 748.

---------------

