
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE CONGRESS,

February 11, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor officially to certify to Your Excellency that on February 10, instant, 1862, the two resolutions, copies of which I subjoin, and which I certify to be correct, were adopted by the Congress of the Confederate States; that is to say:

Resolved, That the President of the Confederate States be requested to communicate to Congress the number of troops now in the service of the Confederate States, specifying the States from which they come, the period of service for which they enlisted, and also the dates at which they were mustered into service and at which they will go out of that service; also the number of troops, if any, in the Regular Army of the Confederate States.

The second resolution, which is distinct and in no way connected with that set out above, is as follows, to wit:

Resolved, That the President be requested to have furnished the Congress by the heads of the several departments a list of the names of the different officers in each Department at the seat of Government, accompanied by a statement of the salaries they receive, and the State or country of which they are native.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Secretary of the Congress.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Send copy of second resolution to each Department.

J. D.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 11, 1862.

Hon. Mr. BARNWELL,

Chairman Finance Committee:

SIR: The recent act of Congress authorizing the President to call on the several States for troops to serve for three years or during the war renders necessary an appropriation for the bounty and transportation of the men so furnished. It is believed that the number will not exceed 150,000, although the call has been for a larger number; but the condition of the States of Kentucky and Missouri at the present moment forbids the idea that they will be able to furnish more than a small proportion of their respective quotas. The Quartermaster-General's estimate, herewith inclosed,* is approved by me and respectfully recommended for adoption by the committee. The amount required is $11,100,000.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, February 11, 1862.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

I will accept cavalry as well as infantry in fair proportion. I will order staff officers to the camps you select immediately, with tents,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

