
States, and to take possession of our negroes and compel them to cultivate the lands taken from us for the benefit of the Northern Government. The object of this act is the general confiscation of all the lands of the South to the Lincoln Government. If conquered we are to be driven from them, and leave them to be occupied by our most deadly enemies. It is already the public boast of the Northern generals, who is also a U. S. Senator, that it is the settled policy of the Government to make the lands of the sunny the home of a colony of negroes belonging to the North, under masters and rulers appointed by that Government. To accomplish this it is proposed to arm the negroes and incite them to destroy our wives and our children.

Not content with depriving us of all our hands, it is the known policy of that Government to take the balance of our property to pay the debt which they have contracted in preparation for our subjugation. This debt already reaches ne If, then, we are overcome, we not only lose all the lands and all the other property we possess, but we must be driven from the homes of our ancestors, and must leave their graves and the altars which they have bequeathed to us to be trampled under foot by our insolent masters; and what is still infinitely worse, we lose our civil and religious liberties, and must transmit a heritage of bondage to our posterity. Will Georgians ever submit to those outrages? If we do while there is a man in the State able to bear arms, a lady able to work to clothe him, and a dollar with which to support him in the field, we have degenerated and are unworthy our ancestors. Nay, more, we are unworthy the sacrifices which have been made for our protection by the noble sons of our State, who in many a battle-field have lately poured out their life's blood, a willing offering in illustration of our character and vindication of our cause. But, my countrymen, if we would avert the calamities to which I have alluded we must awake from the slumbers of false security, and thousands more from Georgia must immediately fly to arms. The Lincoln Government now has over half a million of men in the field, armed, accoutered, and equipped with all the outfits necessary for the soldier. These troops are enlisted for the war. Most of them are becoming well trained. That Government also has a large naval force, and has the control of the seas around us, and of part of our inland waters. Our ports are blockaded. The territory of almost every State in the Confederacy, including the territory of our own Georgia, is now invaded by a heavy, threatening force. Soon the blow is to be stricken with terrible fury on many a bloody field. To meet this vast force we have a smaller number. Of this number a large proportion entered the service for a term which expires during the ensuing spring. The enemy looks to this fact with great interest, and expects to strike the decisive blow when we are weakened by the discharge of more than half our entire army. This we must not permit, but without delay we must much more than fill the places of all whose terms expire and who cannot re-enlist. Our troops now in the field have shown a noble, self-sacrificing disposition, and I cannot doubt that every one of them who can possibly do so will respond cheerfully to their country's call in this solemn hour of trial and promptly re-enlist for the war. After this has been done many more will still be needed, and we must not deceive ourselves by supposing that those now in the field can do all that is required.

With a view to meet the present emergency, the President of the Confederate States has made a requisition upon the Governors of the

