
months, say 23,000, leaving 4,000 to be furnished now. We still go to work with energy to raise this number, which we hope to accomplish in time to have one additional regiment ready to take the field in place of the first twelve-months' regiment to be discharged, and afterward to supply the place of each twelve-months' regiment as its time expires. I think it would be better to allow each regiment of North Carolina troops to return to Raleigh, to be mustered out of the service in this city. You say:

These troops will be mustered into service at convenient camps of instruction which you (the Governor) are respectfully requested to select, and will there be clothed, supplied, and armed at the expense of the Confederate States.

I understand from this that you will be at all the necessary and proper expense of these camps. If this is so, as the management of these camps will be under the immediate control of the adjutant-general of the State, Major Gen. J. G. Martin, I will send him to Richmond to arrange the details as soon as I hear from you in reply to this. I would like the details of this matter to be arranged in writing with such officer of the C. S. Army as you may charge with the same.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 11, 1862.

Governor F. R. LUBBOCK,

Austin, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 13th ultimo, and to return my thanks for the early and favorable consideration given to my letter of December 2. I regret, however, to say that Your Excellency was mistaken in your construction of my letter, and that the Board was right in supposing that I had given no authority to Mr. Giddings to grant receipt for the bonds as agent of this Department. I could give Mr. Giddings no authority to make the exchange of bonds, nor to receipt to you for the bonds, for the single reason that I myself was without power, under the law. The case is simply this: I have authority to buy arms, payable in the bonds of the Confederate Government. I authorized Mr. Giddings to buy the arms and furnished him $250,000 for that purpose, being as large an amount as I was willing to place at one time in the hands of one agent.

Mr. Giddings said that parties in Matamoras were willing to sell arms for the U. S. bonds held by Texas. I said that if Texas would buy such arms as he approved for her bonds, at prices also approved by him, I would bind this Department to buy the arms from Texas at cost, giving Confederate bonds for them. Under the act of your Legislature, therefore, as the matter will be one equally advantageous to both governments, it seems to me that the only course is for board to send an agent with your bonds to pay for such arms as Mr. Giddings may be willing to buy. On the delivery of the arms to Mr. forwarded to this Department, I will pay for them in Confederate bonds, giving you the same amount in Confederate bonds as you give in U. S. bonds. In this way you run no risk, as you become entitled to Confederate bonds the moment the arms are delivered to Mr. Giddings in Matamoras, and I run no other risk than that of getting the arms brought safely to New Orleans, which risk I am willing to take for the Government.

