
and show that they are not less ready to make all necessary sacrifices for the common cause than those of any other State in the Confederacy.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT,

ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 6. Richmond, February 12, 1862.

I. The following acts of Congress and regulations in reference thereto are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT for the recruiting service of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States [of America] do enact, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby authorized to adopt measures for recruiting enlisting men for companies for service in the war,* or three years, which by the casualties of the service have been reduced by death and discharges.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to detail the company commissioned officers for the above duty, in such numbers and at such times as in his opinion will best comport with the public service. The officers thus appointed to enlist and recruit for their respective companies.

Approved December 19, 1861.

SEC. 3. Any vacancy [vacancies] occurring in the ranks of companies mustered into the Confederate service for three years, or for the war, may be filled by volunteers; and the commander of each of said squadrons, battalions, or regiments, organized as aforesaid, may detail one commissioned officer, and one non-commissioned officer, and one or more privates from each company of his command, with the approval of the brigadier-general of the brigade to which said squadron, battalion, or regiment, may be attached, to recruit men for such company; so that the same may contain not more than one hundred and twenty- five, rank and file; and the men so recruited shall be mustered at the time of enrollment, and shall be entitled to transportation and subsistence, or commutation of subsistence, till they join their respective companies, and to fifty dollars bounty, to be paid at the time of joining the same. (Third section act 28th [22d] of January, No. 356.)

AN ACT to provide for recruiting companies now in the service of the Confederate States for twelve months.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all companies of volunteer now in the service of the Confederate States, under enlistment for the term of twelve months, may be recruited by enlisting or receiving volunteer for three years or the war, to a number not to exceed one hundred and twenty-five, rank and file; and companies so recruited shall, at the expiration of the term of service of the original company, elect their commissioned officers; and vacancies thereafter occurring in the commissioned officers of such companies shall be filled by promotion of said commissioned officers, except that vacancies in the lowest grade of such officers shall be filled by election.

SEC. 2. The colonel or commanding officer of the several regiments, battalions, and squadrons enlisted for twelve months, as aforesaid, may detail one commissioned officer and not exceeding two privates of each company to recruit for their respective companies, and the officers and privates so detailed shall be entitled to transportation while so engaged, and the recruits so enlisted shall be entitled to pay, transportation, and subsistence from the time and place of enlistment, together with the sum of fifty dollars, as a bounty, upon joining their respective companies.

SEC. 3. The original volunteers in such companies re-enlisting, according to the terms of the act entitled "An act providing for the granting of bounty and furloughs to privates and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army," may re-enlist in and form a part of the companies to be recruited as herein provided; and when all the companies composing the regiment, battalion, or squadron as aforesaid shall, by recruiting as aforesaid, or by re-enlistment and recruiting as aforesaid, have attained at the date of the expiration of the term of service of

---------------

* See foot-note (*), p. 833.

---------------

