
and Inspector General for final settlement at the Treasury. These vouchers and accounts current, addressed to the Adjutant and Inspector General, will be marked on the upper right-hand corner of the envelop which covers them "Recruiting Service. "

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, February 12, 1862.

His Excellency F. R. LUBBOCK,

Governor of the State of Texas, Austin, Tex.:

SIR: Under the recent acts of Congress authorizing the recruiting of twelve-months' companies now in service by the enrollment of men to serve for three years or during the war, and for the recruiting of war companies now in service, recruiting parties have been sent to your State to obtain re-enforcements according to the terms above described. To expedite the completion of their several quotas is now of the highest importance to the public defense, and you are therefore requested and earnestly solicited by the President to use your executive powers in aid of such recruiting parties in such manner as to you shall seem most likely to secure the end in view.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

AN ACT to pay interest due the Choctaw Nation upon stocks of the State of Virginia.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That there be, and is hereby, appropriated for interest from January first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to January first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, on $450,000 of the stock of the State of Virginia, included in Choctaw general fund, held in trust by Secretary of the Interior of the United States, which interest has been transferred by said State to Government of the Confederate States, to be paid over to Choctaw Nation of Indians, or persons empowered by such nation to receive, it, $27,000.

Approved February 13, 1862.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., February 13, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 2d instant, making a requisition on this State for twelve regiments to serve for three years or during the war, but have not up to this time seen or been able to obtain a copy of the act to the title of which you refer and under which the requisition is made. I understand, however, from the tenor of yours that the troops can only be mustered into service by companies, and subsisted only from the time

