
making the payment would operate injuriously by its effect upon the zeal and spirit of our people. General Bragg can bear testimony that the First Alabama Regiment was saved to the service by an advance of $50,000 from the bank at this place to pay the bounty and arrears of pay due, without which, in all probability, they would not have re-enlisted.

In relation to the clothing, also, I would [beg] leave to inquire if the issues by the Department of the volunteers will include blankets, shoes, and underclothing; and also if the Confederate Government will be able to furnish clothing in kind to all the troops from this State during the spring, summer, and fall. Information on these points is essential not only to answer the inquiries of the volunteers, but also for the purpose of determining and regulating the action of the State in providing supplies of clothing for them in case it should not be furnished by the Confederacy.

You will, my dear sir, readily appreciate the motives which have induced this rather lengthy communication, and excuse the liberty I have taken in pressing these matters on your attention. I should not have done so had I not regarded them as absolutely essential to the meeting the requisition in the shortest possible time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

MILLEDGEVILLE, February 13, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN:

I have apportioned the troops you required among the different counties of the State. Please suspend the issue of commissions to raise independent organizations till the requisition is filled, as the two do not harmonize, and confusion is the result.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[FEBRUARY 13, 1862. -For Edwards to Davis, transmitting resolutions of the North Carolina convention, requesting the return of certain, regiments to Wilmington, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 470.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, DEPT. OF THE MILITARY,

Columbia, S. C., February 13, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your communication of the 2d instant, addressed to Governor Pickens, has been referred by Governor and council to the department for reply. I take great pleasure in assuring you that we will exert every energy in putting at your disposal the quota of the State called for by the President for the war. I will send you also by to-night's mail an address to our troops on the Potomac, and ask your aid in putting it immediately before them, and another paper on the subject of appointments to the troops known as South Carolina State Regulars. I request your suspension of opinion on this subject until you have read it.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES CHESNUT, Jr.,

Chief Department of Military, South Carolina.

59 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

