
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, an act of the Congress of the Confederate States of America entitled "An act to organize the Territory of Arizona," was approved by me on the 18th day of January, 1862; and whereas, it is therein declared that the provisions of the act are suspended until the President of the Confederate States shall issue his proclamation declaring the act to be in full force and operation, and shall proceed to appoint the officers therein provided to be appointed in and for said Territory:

Now, therefore, I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America, do issue this my proclamation declaring said "Act to organize the Territory of Arizona" to be in full force and operation, and that I have proceeded to appoint the officers therein provided to be appointed in and for said Territory.

Given under my hand and the seal of the Confederate States of America at Richmond, this fourteenth day of February, A. D. 1862.

[SEAL.] JEFFERSON DAVIS.

By the President:

R. M. T. HUNTER,

Secretary of State.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., February 14, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have to-day received your telegram of the 11th saying you will accept cavalry and artillery as well as infantry in fair proportions. I will therefore proceed to organize, if I can, some cavalry and some artillery with the infantry. I have sent you a copy of my proclamation, in which you will see that I propose to organize three camps of instruction-one at Camp McDonald, near Marietta; one at Camp Stephens, near Griffin, and one at Camp Davis, thirty miles from Savannah, on the Central Railroad. Please make provision soon for the men at these camps, as some companies may report ready for orders in a few days.

It will be desired by the artillery companies that they be furnished with batteries as soon as possible. Please inform me what weapon you will be able to give the cavalry, as the question will be often asked. Will you please say what number of cavalry you will receive. I wish to do all in my power to carry out your views fully. I hope to raise, either by volunteers or by draft, the whole number required on the 4th day of March, and will have them all in camps as soon there-after as possible. I now have reason to believe that a number of companies will offer before that time, and I will order them to the camps as fast as they tender.

I am, very truly, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 14, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF LOUISIANA:

SIR: Under the recent acts of Congress authorizing the recruiting of twelve-months' companies now in service by the enrollment of men

