
to serve for three years or during the war, and for the recruiting of war companies now in the service, recruiting parties have been sent to your State to obtain re-enforcements according to the terms above described. To expedite the completion of those several quotas is now of the highest importance to the public defense, and you are therefore requested and earnestly solicited to use your executive powers in aid of such recruiting parties in such manner as to you shall seem most likely to secure the end. Any troops so raised will always be credited to the State in counting the quota furnished by it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

(Same to the Governors of Arkansas, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas.)

RICHMOND, VA., February 14, 1862.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

No recruiting is allowed for twelve-months' regiments unless the recruits enlist for the war under an act of Congress recently passed. If the recruits are for the war they are permitted by act of Congress, and will be counted as part of the quota asked from your State. Please announce on my authority that no transportation or subsistence will be allowed to recruits for less than the war, nor will the Government recognize them in any way.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., February 14, 1862.

Governor LETCHER, of Virginia,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In acknowledging the receipt of your letter of the 13th instant, communicating a resolution adopted by the General Assembly on the 12th instant, I can give the assurance that whenever the militia can be dispensed with they will be discharged. At this moment we anxiously desire an increase of force, and look earnestly for the enrollment of volunteers.

Very truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

Richmond, February 14, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am instructed by His Excellency the Governor to inquire of you:

First. Will the volunteers now in service who shall re-enlist for three years or the war into the service of Virginia, to be transferred to the Confederate Government, be entitled to a bounty of $50 each?

Second. Will the Virginia Volunteers re-enlisting under the late act of Assembly for three years, to be credited for the term already served at date of re-enlistment, be entitled to the same bounty?

