
Third. Will volunteers for three years of the war who have not heretofore served be entitled to the same bounty?

The Governor respectfully asks your response, if practicable, during the morning.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. BASSETT FRENCH,

Aide-de-Camp.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 14, 1862.

Hon. JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, making inquiry respecting the bounty to be paid soldiers. Your three questions are answered affirmatively. Each soldier furnished by Virginia for the war in response to the call made by the President will receive a bounty of $50 when the regiment or company is mustered into the Confederate service, and will also be allowed transportation from home to the place of rendezvous.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT to alter and amend an act entitled "An act for the sequestration of the estates, property, and effects of alien enemies, and for indemnity of citizens of the Confederate States, and persons aiding the same in the existing war with the United States," approved August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all and every the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods and chattels, rights and credits, and every right and interest therein embraced by said act of sequestration, of which this act is an alteration and amendment, shall be collected and sold as provided for in this act, and the proceeds paid into the Treasury of the Confederate States; but in no case shall a debt or other chose in action be sold.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That all money realized under this act and the act to which it is an amendment shall be applied to the equal indemnity of all persons, loyal citizens of the Confederate States, or persons aiding the same in the present war, who have suffered or may hereafter suffer loss or damage confiscation by the Government of the United States, or by any State government or pretended government acknowledging and aiding the Government of the United States in this war, or by such acts of the enemy or other causes incident to the war as by future act of Congress may be described or defined as affording, under the circumstances, proper cases for indemnity. And all money realized as aforesaid shall be paid into the Treasury of said Confederate States, as provided by the act to which this is an amendment; and the faith of the Confederate States is hereby pledged that the same shall be refunded as required for the purposes aforesaid. And the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause a separate account of said money to be kept in well-bound books procured for that purpose.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of every person in actual possession of or having under his control any money, property, effects, or evidences of debt, belonging to an alien enemy,

