
enemy's country, and who have been and still are prevented from completing said removal by the force or power of the enemy, or who from physical infirmity are incapable of removing.

Third. All subjects or citizens of neutral countries who cannot be shown to have voluntarily contributed to the cause of the enemy, and all persons who, though citizens of the enemy's country, have abandoned that country on account of their opposition to the war, or sympathy for the people of the Confederate States.

Fourth. All married women natives of any State of this Confederacy who, or whose husbands, shall not be shown to have voluntarily contributed to the cause of the enemy. All personsntis, and all minors whose fathers or mothers were or are natives of this Confederacy and whose property and persons are controlled by guardians resident in the Confederate States and who have not voluntarily contributed to the enemy's cause; and all minors under the age of sixteen years, who were born in any State of this Confederacy or in any State exempted from the operations of this act while their parents were domiciled in such State and who have not taken up arms against the Confederate States.

Fifth. Free persons of color who by the laws of any State have been compelled to remove beyond the limits thereof and are by law prohibited from returning to such State, and who have not in any wise aided the enemy.

SEC. 7. The next of kin in the direct ascending and descending lines of any alien enemy, faithful citizens of any of the Confederate States, or engaged in their military or naval service, shall be entitled to have decreed them (they paying all costs) the property, effects, and credits of such alien enemy as if dead, intestate, leaving no other heirs or distributes, chargeable, however, in their hands, as in case of administration or heirship, with the debts of such alien enemies due to faithful citizens of any Confederate States.

SEC. 8. All sales of property under this act shall be made by the receivers at public auction to the highest bidder and on such terms and such notice of the time and place of sale as the court may prescribe, and shall be duly reported to the court by such receivers at the term next after such sale; but no conveyance of title shall be made to the purchaser of the property until the confirmation of the sale by the court and the payment of the purchase money according to the terms of the sale; and no sale shall be valid until reported to and confirmed by the court; nor shall any sale be confirmed until the terms shall have been complied with; and the court may set aside such sale for fraud, want of proper notice, or any material irregularity, or where it shall appear that the receiver was the purchaser or interested in the purchase, or for substantial inadequacy of price; Provided, however, That sales of personality may be reported to and confirmed by the judge in vacation.

SEC. 9. The court may, in its discretion, when special circumstances exist which temporarily depress the value of the property, delay the order of sale, or may direct the receiver to examine and report whether it would be expedient to make an immediate sale of such property, and on such report, or other satisfactory evidence, showing that a delay in the sale would tend to secure a fairer price, may order such sale to be delayed, and in the court may, in the case of real estate, or of a plantation and slaves, order the receiver to lease the same on such terms as the court may prescribe.

