
enemy is repealed, and hereafter each settlement shall embrace all the matters ready for settlement; but the items of the account shall be so specific as to show the sources from which each is derived.

SEC. 30. Where any judgment has been entered up in any of the courts of the Confederate States under the act to which this is an amendment, inconsistent with the provisions and spirit of this act, the same, on motion, shall be set aside or amended in accordance with the terms and provisions of this act.

SEC. 31. The provisions of the act to which this act is an amendment, so far as the same may conflict with this act, are hereby repealed.

Approved February 15, 1862.

AN ACT for the relief of the State of Missouri.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to issue to the State of Missouri, upon the application of the fund commissioners for said State, $1,000,000 in Treasury notes, upon the condition that the said State of Missouri deposit with the Secretary of the Treasury of the Confederate States an equal sum in the bonds of the State of Missouri, authorized to be issued under an act of the Legislature of said State, entitled "An act to provide for the defense of the State of Missouri, and for other purposes," which bonds shall be held by the Secretary of the Treasury until the accounts of the State of Missouri for advances made for military purposes are adjusted as Congress may direct.

SEC. 2. That upon the final adjustment of the accounts of the State of Missouri against the Confederate States the sum hereby advanced shall be deducted from the amount found due to said State.

Approved February 15, 1862.

AN ACT to make appropriations for the expenses of Government in the legislative, executive, and judicial departments, from the eighteenth of February to the first of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for the objects hereafter expressed, from the eighteenth of February to the first of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

* * * *

War Department. -For the pay of the officers and privates of the Army, volunteers and militia, in the service of the Confederate States; for quartermasters' supplies of all kinds, transportation, and other necessary expenses, $26,291,502.

For purchase of subsistence stores and commissary property, $4,500,000.

For the ordnance service in all its branches, $2,660,000.

For the engineer service, $65,000.

For surgical and medical supplies of the Army, $120,000.

For contingencies of the Army, $16,000.

For the contingent expenses of the Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, including office furniture, stationery, printed blanks for the use of the Army, postage, telegraphic, dispatches, &amp;c., $3,300.

* * * *

