
Miscellaneous. -For compensation of three commissioners appointed under the fourteenth section of the act of August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, providing for the sequestration of the estates of alien enemies, and for the indemnity of citizens of the Confederate States, $2,200.

For contingent expenses of said commissioners, $500.

For wages of assessors, and for printing, under the act of Congress of August nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, providing for a war tax, $125,000.

For salaries of chief collectors of war tax, under the same, $11,033.

For transmission of the funds of the Confederate States, $100,000.

For the purchase of diplomatic books for the use of the Department of State, $1,500.

For the purchase of a year's supply of sugar and molasses for the Army, $113,400.

For redemption of Treasury notes issued under the act of May sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and burned or otherwise rendered unfit for circulation by the holders, $30,000.

For pay of warrant and petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys, and the Engineer's Department of the Navy, as bounty, authorized by act of Congress, approved January sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, $100,000.

For bounty of $50 to each non-commissioned officer, musician, and private who may enlist for three years or during war, on the basis that 100,000 men will enlist, the sum of $5,000,000.

For the transportation of the above men from the place of enlistment to the army in the field, $1,000,000.

Approved February 15, 1862.

AN ACT to fix the rank of certain officers.

The Congress, of the Confederate of America do enact, That the rank of commissioned officers of regiments, battalions, squadrons, and companies, who continue in service by re-election in regiments, battalions, squadrons, or companies, organized of troops re-enlisting under the act providing for the granting of bounty and furloughs to privates and non-commissioned officers in the Provisional Army, approved December eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and the act supplemental thereto, approved February third, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, or under the act to provide for the recruiting companies now in the service of the Confederate States for twelve months, approved January twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall date from the time of their original election or appointment: Provided, Such officers shall be re-elected or appointed to offices of the same grade in the same corps.

Approved February 15, 1862.

AN ACT to provide for an increase of the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That, in addition to the number of quartermasters, assistant quartermasters, commissaries, and assistant commissaries, now allowed by law,

