
subject did not the immense pressure of public business make it impossible.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

P. S. -I will add that the officers of the regiments called for from the States under the recent act of Congress are, in my opinion, to be commissioned by the Governor of Georgia, as they are State troops tendered to the Confederate Government. I will further add that I fully reciprocate the desire of Your Excellency that there shall be entire harmony in the action of the two Governments, and I cannot let pass the occasion of expressing my grateful acknowledgments for the uniform courtesy, promptness, and efficiency which you have exhibited in aiding me in my arduous and responsible duties.

J. P. B.

AN ACT to repeal an act therein named.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That an act entitled " Am act to provide for raising and organizing, in the State of Missouri, additional troops for the Provisional Army of the Confederate States," indorsed, "passed January ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,"* be, and the same is hereby, repealed.

Approved February 17, 1862.

AN ACT to make disposition of negro slaves captured from hostile Indians.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all negroes who are slaves, belonging to hostile Indians who are members or citizens of any one of the tribes of Indians friendly to this Government, and who have been, or may hereafter be, captured by troops or persons in the service of the Confederate States, shall be delivered to the superintendent of Indian affairs west of Arkansas.

SEC. 2. That said superintendent shall carefully inform himself of the persons and tribes to whom each negro belongs, and shall promptly notify the executive or head chief of the proper tribe or tribes to receive the same at some convenient place, and shall deliver said negro or negroes to said executive or head chief of said friendly tribe or tribes as captured property, to be held by said tribe or tribes until such provisions and orders shall be made by this Government as shall seem just and wise, and shall take receipts for the same.

SEC. 3. That the said superintendent shall, at or before the time of such delivery, make out a record, showing the name and age and value of each slave received by him, and shall report the same, and the fact of such delivery or other disposition of each of said negroes, to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, together with all the facts of time, place, and circumstances of the capture, and by whom captured; but in no case shall any free negro who is so captured be given up by virtue of this act.

Approved February 17, 1862.

---------------

* See Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 773.

---------------

