
railroad from Jackson's River to Covington. The president is very desirous to do the work, but says the iron he has on hand is necessary for the repairs of his road now in active operation. If the iron which has been delivered to the Winchester and Potomac Railroad is taken to extend the Central road a great interest will be subserved. The importance of the operations in Western Virginia demand that this should be done.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[FEBRUARY 18, 1862. -For Davis to Avery, in relation to resolutions of the North Carolina convention, &c., see Series I, VOL. IX, p. 435.]

[FEBRUARY 19, 1862. -For Harris to Davis, announcing that he has ordered out every armed man in Tennessee, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 276.]

[FEBRUARY 20, 1862. -For Chesnut to Benjamin, reporting number of South Carolina troops in Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 404.]

RICHMOND, VA., February 22, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state there are now many volunteers from Maryland who are desirous of organizing themselves as soon as possible into companies, regiments, and brigades in accordance with a late act of Congress. As the act has not yet been promulgated, I would respectfully request an order may be published making known the provisions of the act authorizing the transfer of Maryland men from companies and regiments they are now in to the First Maryland Regiment, or to such new companies as may be formed, and with such instructions to facilitate the organization as may be deemed necessary. I would also most earnestly request I may be ordered to superintend this organization and to collect the men together as rapidly as possible. My plan is to have them sent to the camp of the First Maryland Regiment, near Manassas, where they can be formed into companies, armed, equipped, and instructed. It may be necessary for me to have authority to visit Richmond occasionally, and perhaps Norfolk, Fredericksburg, Winchester, and other places where Maryland men can be found, and where I wish to establish recruiting rendezvous. There are many things to be done which will require my personal supervision, and cannot be accomplished as effectually by deputy. I would respectfully suggest a rendezvous be established at some point on the line of the Potomac, to which might be drawn some of the best material from Maryland, who could come with their own arms. If compatible with the public interest I would further suggest the Maryland troops be stationed at some point on the Potomac, and I firmly believe as soon as this is known in Maryland numbers of young men would come over, bringing extra arms and other necessary articles which at this time

