
cannot conveniently be had; and be assured that my sole object and solicitude in this matter is, in every way within my power and energy, to render more effectual the Maryland service to the interest and welfare of the Confederate States.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STEUART,

Colonel First Maryland Regiment.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 22, 1862.

Captain A. L. RIVES,

Acting Chief Engineer Bureau, Present:

SIR: A law having recently been passed by Congress appropriating $1,000,000 for connecting the Richmond and Danville and the North Carolina Central Railroads, surveys of exploration under the direction of the Engineer Department, C. S. Army, Are hereby authorized and ordered with the view of determining promptly the most satisfactory connection. An officer of the Engineer Corps, Provisional Army, C. S., will conduct them, and is authorized to secure such assistance, equiPAGE, &amp;c., as may be required. He will examine instrumentally two leading routes with sufficient detail to enable the President to select advisedly, the more minute surveys necessary to a final location being postponed until such is made. One of these routes is from Danville to Greensborough direct; the other from Barksdale Station, Richmond and Danville Railroad, to a point on the North Carolina Central not far from the Company's Shops, near Graham.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February 22, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In my communication to you of the 11th instant I desired an answer to a portion of it in reference to the organization and necessary expenses of the camps of instruction therein mentioned, and said the adjutant-general of this State would proceed to Richmond and arrange the details in writing with such officer of the Confederate States as you might designate. I am still without this answer, and desire that it may be furnished to me at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

RICHMOND, VA., February 23, 1862.

Colonel A. J. PICKENS,

Atlanta:

If Governor Brown tenders your cavalry regiments, provided it is for the war, I will receive it as part of the quota called for from the State.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

