
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 24, 1862.

Governor JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 13th instant and submit the following reply: First. Under the recent act of Congress troops can be enlisted singly into the Confederate service, as well as by companies, battalions, or regiments. Second. Your Excellency is fully authorized to take such measures as you deem proper for carrying out the purpose of the law. No interference will be met with from the Confederate authorities. We are satisfied to accept the troops after you have organized them. You are also hereby authorized by yourself and officers to enlist the men. Third. By the present law the troops are to be subsisted as fast as they are enlisted by the Confederate Government. Fourth. Confederate officers will be stationed at the camp you designate to subsist the men and pay them bounty as fast as enlisted. Fifth. The Government furnishes blankets, shoes, and underclothing, and can furnish all the summer and fall clothing. If the State will co-operate with this, however, its assistance will be very welcome. I beg you to excuse some delay in my reply, but the business in my office is so pressing I cannot be very punctual.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 24, 1862.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: Your favor of the 14th instant is received, and I cannot too warmly express my acknowledgments for your prompt and cordial co-operation in our effort at defense. I think two regiments of cavalry will be all that we can accept from your State in proportion to the number of infantry called for. I will, of course, accept any reasonable number of cavalry regiments above your quota, but of the number called for I would not be able to accept more than two regiments. Cavalry will be armed with carbines or double-barreled shotguns and sabers, or we will take lancers and provide the lance. We have no pistols, but would pay for any that the men can arm themselves with at fair prices. The batteries for the artillery can be promptly furnished. Two companies are all that I can receive from your State at present, as the rivalry for that arm is very great.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

MILLEDGEVILLE, February 24, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN:

Please hasten forward your staff officers to the three camps, with tents, cooking utensils, and all necessary supplies. I cannot order in the troops till these things are prepared. Will you receive as much as two regiments of cavalry?

JOS. E. BROWN.

