
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., February 24, 1862.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I must apologize to you for my delay in replying to your letter of the 31st ultimo; but amid the immense pressure of business on this Department such omissions are sometime unavoidable. I can now only inform you that before the receipt of your letter arrangements had been made for all the arms of the Confederate Government in the West Indies.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 24, 1862.

Governor H. T. CLARK,

Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: In reply to your favor of the 11th instant, which it has been impossible to answer at an earlier date, I beg to assure you that you correctly understood my former letter, and that this Government will bear all the expenses of the camps of instruction. I shall be ready at any moment to give such written stipulations to your adjutant-general as you may deem desirable on this subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, February 24, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: A few days since I inquired of you if you could furnish guns and equipments for an artillery company (Captain Lloyd.) I will add that a number of artillery companies have offered themselves to me, but having no armament for them, and not knowing to what extent you were prepared to furnish them, I was unable to receive them. Several have informed me that they were acting under your permission, and in two instances that you had promised to receive a battalion. Not knowing whether you preferred battalions or companies, or whether they would probably be used as battalions and kept together as such, I have not as yet undertaken to organize them. But a main item of consideration, and worth some attention, is the means of officering these battalions, or even companies. The young gentlemen getting them are worthy, clever young men, but of no military experience or education.

By the laws of our State I can appoint a captain and lieutenant to get up a company; but when a battalion is organized they must elect their own officers, unless you can appoint for them; and a colonel, lieutenant-colonel, or major of battalion should be an officer of some experience. Captain Lloyd, for whose equipment I applied to you, was a captain in our Bethel regiment, and won the especial notice and approbation of his officers for his general good behavior, as well as

