
of the country. These roads are indispensably necessary for the transportation of our troops and supplies, and any interruption caused by the destruction of the bridges or portions of the track would operate most prejudicially to the interests of Virginia and the other Confederate States. I recommend the subject to your early consideration. The communication and resolutions are herewith transmitted.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, February 19, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: In conformity with a resolution of the railroad companies of the district embracing the State of Virginia, the State of Tennessee east of Knoxville, and the State of North Carolina north of Weldon, in convention assembled to-day, I have the honor to communicate to you the following resolutions adopted by said convention:

Resolved as the sense of this convention, That in the present condition of the country it is necessary in order to preserve the efficiency of railroad transportation that military power and authority should be conferred on the presidents of the several railroads to organize and control a force of men not subject to draft to guard and protect the bridges on their roads against open force or secret incendiarism.

Resolved, That The Governor of the State be requested, if he has authority to do so, to detail a force for that purpose from the counties in which said bridges are located; and if he has no such power that he be respectfully requested to ask that such power be granted to him by the Legislature.

Very respectfully,

J. B. WINSTON,

Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS,WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 8. Richmond, February 26, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress, with regulations of the Secretary of War thereupon, are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to authorize and provide for the organization of the Maryland Line.

SECTION. 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all native or adopted citizens of the State of Maryland who have heretofore volunteered, are now in, or many hereafter volunteer in the service of the Confederate States, may, at their option, be organized and enrolled into companies, squadrons, battalions, and regiments, and with the First Maryland Regiment, and several companies now in service, into one or more brigades, to be known as the Maryland Line; said organization to be in accordance with existing laws.

Approved February 15, 1862.

II. In accordance with the requirements of above act all Marylanders now in service in the military organizations other than that of the First Maryland Regiment, will, upon application (proper evidence setting forth the fact that they are native or adopted Marylanders being furnished), be transferred to the First Maryland Regiment; or, where the numbers are sufficient, may be organized into companies, squadrons, battalions, or regiments, which, with the First Maryland Regiment, will be formed into brigades to be known as the Maryland Line.

