
III. Colonel George H. Steuart, now commanding the First Maryland Regiment, is assigned to this duty of organization, re-enlisting for his own regiment, and reorganizing from the material obtained by enlistments and transfers, in accordance with the following law, having command of the whole.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[FEBRUARY 26, 1862. - For Moore to Benjamin, offering short term volunteers for re-enforcement of General Beauregard, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 830.]

AN ACT supplementary to an act entitled "An act to establish the War Department," approved February twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, that if any officer of the Army be appointed Secretary of War, and entered upon the duties of that office, he shall not thereby lose his rank in the Army, but only the pay and allowance thereof during the time he is Secretary of War and received the salary of that officer.

Approved February 27, 1862.

AN ACT to authorize the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in certain cases.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That during the present invasion of the Confederate States the President shall have power to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in such cities, towns, and military districts as shall, in his judgment, be in such danger of attack by the enemy as to require the declaration of martial law for their effective defense. Approved February 27, 1862.

JOINT RESOLUTION approving the resolution passed by the Legislature of Virginia expressing her determination to vindicate her ancient boundaries.

Resolved by the State and House of Representatives of the Confederate States of America, That they heartily approve of the resolution passed by the Legislature of Virginia, expressing her determination to vindicate the integrity of her ancient boundaries, and pledge all the resources of the Confederacy to uphold her determination.

Approved February 27, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, February 27, 1862.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh:

SIR: Your favor of the 24th instant is just received. I have the honor to reply that the Department will arm and equip all companies

