
would soon be exhausted. Contracts were made for extracting the ore from the mine and the saltpeter from the earth, and the temptation of a constant market at remunerating prices soon induced the iron master to rekindle furnaces long abandoned. Independently of contracts for the importation of 2,000 tons of saltpeter from different points, our own citizens have engaged to furnish 1,105 tons, manufactured at home. We are already supplied with sulphur in abundance for working up the whole quantity of saltpeter, and there are powder mills in the Confederacy capable of affording at least ten tons of powder per day if supplied with the raw material. The manufacture of powder recently has been at the rate of three tons per day, and no increase of that quantity will be made until some of the cargoes ordered from abroad are received. The outstanding contracts for iron about to about 40,000 tons, while those for shot and shell amount to about 27,000 tons, independently of 350,000 projectiles for artillery. Sea-coast and siege guns and mortars to the number of 890 are now under contract, besides all that have been issued, and the number of field pieces delivered from the foundries in the Confederacy has averaged three per diem since the 1st day of August last. More than 500,000 of infantry accouterments have bee issued, and contracts for the manufacture of 66,500 muskets and rifles are now in process of execution, besides large numbers of pistols and sabers. The Department is also working three lead mines and is receiving, in addition, under contract, about 20,000 pounds of lead per day. The Government armories at Richmond and Fayetteville are now supplying muskets and rifles at the rate of 1,500 per month, and the supply could be doubled but for the deficiency of skilled labor and the great demand for workmen in private workshops. In presenting this statement of the development of our home resources for the defense of the country it is gratifying to feel the assurance for the defense of the country it is gratifying to feel the assurance that with the single exception os small-arms, of which the supply is quite too slow for our pressing need in this great war, the Confederate States have, in the brief period which has elapsed since June last, evinced the capacity of providing all that is necessary to the maintenance of their independence.

The supplies of clothing, shoes, tents, and other articles embraced within the scope of the duties of the Quartermaster's Bureau, could not possibly have been furnished in time for the wants of the present winter had not the entire population aided with common accord the efforts of the government to prevent our brave defenders from suffering for want of needful protection from exposure. It will hereafter be in the power of the Department to furnish all that is required, not only from supplies of blankets, cloth, and shoes already imported from Europe, but from the productions of manufacturing establishments at home. The supplies of wool received from Texas and Mexico have proved sufficient to meet the demand of the woolen factories employed in the service of the Department. A large wagon factory is in full operation, while extensive manufactures of harness, tents, camp and garrison equiPAGEand other quartermaster's stores have been established in Virginia, Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina, Mississippi, and other States. The expenditures in the Quartermaster's Department from the 3d of April to 31st of December, 1861, are shown by the annexed exhibit from that officer to be nearly $62,000,000, and it will be observed that many hundreds of accounts returned by its officers still remain without examination by reason of deficiency in his clerical force. The Commissary-General has been eminently

