
each State from which no returns have been received, estimated from twenty to twenty-five.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, March 1, 1862.

[MARCH 1, 1862. - For General Orders, No. 9, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, publishing proclamation of President Davis, extending martial law over the city of Richmond, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 482.]

[MARCH 1, 1862. - For Benjamin to Moore, authorizing acceptance of all armed men from Louisiana for a term of six months to re-enforce General Beauregard, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 837.]

CLERK'S OFFICE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

March 3, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the House of Representatives this day adopted the following preamble and resolution, to wit:

The exigency of the times requiring the promptest as well as the most energetic action: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the House of Representatives, That the President of the Confederate States be requested to communicate to this body, at the earliest practicable moment, what additional means, in money, men, arms, and other munitions of war, are, in his judgment, necessary, or may be within the present year, for the public service, including military operations on land and water.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT E. DIXON,

Clerk.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of Navy and Secretary of War for attention.

J. D.

RICHMOND, March 3, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The act of May 10, 1861, No. 115, authorizes the President to muster into the service of the Confederate States any companies of light artillery with such complement of officers and men as to him shall seem proper. This act applies to light artillery companies only. There are in service many companies of artillery (heavy artillery) that are assigned to permanent batteries, and I would respectfully suggest that some effort should be made to apply the provisions of the above act to these heavy artillery companies, in order that the number of officers and non-commissioned [officers] per company may be increased according to the wants of the service. The organization of these companies is the same as infantry, and some of them are assigned to batteries of from six to nine heavy guns. Each section of two pieces

