
should be commanded by a lieutenant and each gun should be provided with a sergeant and corporal, so that a company serving a battery of eight guns should have four lieutenants, eight sergeants, and eight corporals; whereas as at present organized the company consists of only three lieutenants, five sergeants, and four corporals.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Memphis, March 3, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Requisitions are daily made upon me for pistols for cavalry service in this department, but I can now find none for sale at any point in the Confederacy. Many have been bought up by the infantry (officers and privates), and I respectfully suggest that you disarm the infantry and let the cavalry get the pistols now in the hands of the former. In this way enough pistols could be obtained for all the cavalry in this section and the infantry could get money for an arm that is of no service to them. Colonel Forrest, the most efficient cavalry officer in this department, informs me that the double-barrel shotgun is the best gun with which cavalry can be armed, and that at Fort Donelson one discharge of his shotguns, at close quarters, scattered 400 of the enemy whom three of our regiments had vainly tried to dislodge from the stronghold in a ravine.

Respectfully,

WM. RICHARDSON HUNT,

Ordnance Officer.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

March 3, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF DELEGATES:

I communicate herewith for your consideration two bills which I regard as of the first importance. The passage of the first bill is required to facilitate the enrollment of the militia; the passage of the second is demanded by a proper regard for the public peace and safety. I trust they will meet your approval and will be passed without delay.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That the eighth section of chapter 29 of the Code of Virginia (edition of 1860) shall be amended and re-enacted so as to read as follows:

SEC. 8. No person shall absent himself from his regiment after the commandant thereof has received an order requiring a draft or detail to be made and of which such person shall have been in any way informed, until such detail or draft shall have been made. Every person so offending who shall be subsequently detailed to march, unless he join the detachment with which he is detailed at its place of rendezvous, or show that he was prevented from so joining by unavoidable cause, shall be considered and treated as a deserter. Every person who shall refuse to give his name to the proper officer when called upon for enrollment

