
under the act passed February 8, 1862, entitled "An act for ascertaining and enrolling the military forces of the Commonwealth," shall be considered and treated as a deserter.

2. This act shall be in force from its passage.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That if any free person or persons shall hereafter aid, abet, or assist the enemy in the war now waging between the United States and the Confederate States in person or by enlisting soldiers or seamen or by uniting together in companies or squads, by giving intelligence to the enemy or furnishing them with provisions or other thing, or shall bear arms against this State or the Confederate States, or aid, abet, or assist them in any other manner, such person or persons shall, upon being convicted thereof, be punished with fine and imprisonment, to be ascertained by a jury, so that the fine exceed not $---, nor the imprisonment the duration of the war.

2. If any person within this Commonwealth shall be any word, open deed, or act advisedly and willingly maintain and defend the authority, jurisdiction, or power of the Government of the United States heretofore claimed and exercised within this Commonwealth, or shall attribute any such authority, jurisdiction, or power to the said Government, or shall in like manner maintain and defend any usurped government in this Commonwealth, or attribute any legal existence thereto, the person so offending being legally convicted thereof shall be punished with fine and imprisonment to be ascertained by a jury, so that the fine exceed not the sum of $---, nor the imprisonment the term of --- years.

3. Any person who shall advisedly endeavor to excite the people to resist the government of this Commonwealth as by law established, or the Government of the Confederate States, or persuade them to return to a dependence upon the Government of the United States, or who shall take any oath of allegiance to that Government or to any usurped government within this Commonwealth, or who shall maliciously and advisedly excite or raise tumults and disorders in this State, or who shall maliciously and advisedly terrify of discourage the people from enlisting into the service of the Commonwealth, or dispose them to favor the enemy, or who shall organize secret or open associations or unite with or join the same for any of the purposes aforesaid, every person so offending and being thereof legally convicted shall be punished with fine and imprisonment as aforesaid.

4. Any conservator of the peace, either upon his own knowledge or upon affidavits before him, shall cause any person charged with any of the said offense to be arrested by warrant returnable before any judge of a circuit court or before the judge of the hustings court of the city of Richmond, thereafter to be proceeded with in such court in the mode now prescribed by law in prosecutions for offenses against the Commonwealth.

5. This act shall continue and be in force during the present war and no longer.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

March 3, 1862.

GENTLEMEN OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF DELEGATES:

After the most careful examination and consideration of the act passed by you on the 10th day of February last, and with the most

