
[MARCH 4, 1862. - For Davis to J. E. Johnston, in relation to leaves of absence or furloughs, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. V, p. 1089.]

[MARCH 4, 1862. - For Shorter to Benjamin, in relation to the organization of twelve new regiments, &c., see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 281.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 51. Richmond, March 5, 1862.

* * * * *

V. The regulations concerning substitutes in the Army, dated October 20, 1861, are hereby revoked.

* * * * *

XIII. All persons actually employed in the telegraph offices for the service of the Confederate States are hereby exempted from military duty.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 6, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

In response to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 4th instant, requesting the President "to communicate to the House in secret session, from accurate returns which he will cause to be made, the total number of soldiers, whether infantry, cavalry, or artillery, received into the service of the Confederate States since the commencement of the war, and the total number now in the service; also, the total number of muskets and rifles, whether in the possession of the Government or in the possession of the armies in the field and not in the hands of soldiers, and that he be also requested in the meantime to give the House as near an approximation to the said returns as the present information of the War Department will enable him," I have the honor to state-

First. That in my report submitted to Congress on the same day that the foregoing resolution was passed all the information called for in the foregoing resolution was substantially given, so far as it is within the power of the Department to furnish it, except as to number of rifles and muskets.

Second. In relation to the number of muskets and rifles in possession of the Government, I am sorry to say that practically there are none. There are, perhaps, at this moment some 4,000 or 5,000 muskets and rifles in our possession at different points, but their distribution has already been ordered. The arms are given out as fast as received to troops, who are always ready in advance to receive them, so that there is never any reserve on hand beyond 1,000 or 2,000. This reserve substantially what the House requires. Three thousand Enfield rifles, received from abroad a few days ago, are now en route for Richmond, to be distributed here to the points most needed.

