
Charleston and Columbia; the chiefs and assistants and thirty members of each company of the fire departments of Charleston and Columbia; the necessary officers and all necessary employees of railroad companies; the superintendent and keepers of the lunatic asylum; all persons holding office under the Confederate States; the officers and cadets of the State militia academies; the keepers of the arsenals of the State; officers of the ordnance, quartermaster's, and commissary departments of the State, and all persons between the ages of sixteen and eighteen and forty-five and sixty-five, and overseers exempted in accordance with the ordinance of the convention.

III. Aliens shall be exempt from all draft for actual service against a foreign enemy and may plead exemption from all orders requiring them as militia to serve against such an enemy, but in all other respects shall be subject to ordinary militia and patrol duty. - (Extract from the minutes of March 7.)

By order of the Governor and Council:

F. J. MOSES, Jr.,

Secretary.

HOUSTON, TEX., March 7, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your favor of the 3d of February reached me on the 25th of that month at the city of Austin. On the day following (26th) I issued my proclamation, in accordance with your requisition, for fifteen regiments of troops for the war, a copy of which proclamation I have the honor to inclose. I immediately repaired to Houston, and have been arranging with General Hebert to place the troops at proper points of rendezvous and have them subsisted, &amp;c. I am informed by General Hebert that his department is entirely destitute of means to provide for these camps of instruction. The State is totally unable to make advances. Her treasury is in lamentably depleted condition, and her people have furnished so much already to the Confederate and State government on a credit that it is now a very difficult task to obtain supplies on the faith of either. It must be very apparent that to purchase on a credit is anything but a wise policy, as the parties selling invariably charge a much higher price than they would if the money was paid at the time the transaction was made. Under these circumstances I have taken the responsibility of sending on at the expense of the State a special messenger to assure your department of the immediate necessity of filling the requisition forwarded, that I may be enabled at once to place the troops needed in the field. In this requisition quartermaster's stores and camp; equiPAGE, which are very much needed, are not included, and the department here is entirely destitute of them. The troops must and will be furnished. You will not understand me as wishing to delay for a moment the raising of the men. On the contrary, I shall proceed at once to put them in camp and subsist them on a credit until I hear from you. I had the honor of addressing you some time ago in relation tme by General Van Dorn. I then informed you of the difficulties surrounding the Executive in keeping up anything like system in furnishing men for the Army so long as parties were permitted to come into the State with commissions to raise troops for the war, or for twelve or six months, as in some instances has been the case, without reporting to the State authorities as to where the men were raised or

