
now forced by the Government to keep a regiment in the field at our own expense), and General McCulloch with his force drawn from our northern border, exposing us to an attack by Lane's or Hunter's command. In addition to all this I have seen your order to General Hebert to disband all twelve-months' men immediately, and receive no men into the Confederate service for less than three years or during the war. This would break up almost the entire force the commanding general has in the field. Two of his regiments having already been ordered out of his department, you will readily perceive that if your order is carried out our State will be left almost at the mercy of an invading fore. Should his be done the emergency you masse, would have arisen, and it would cost the Government much more to get the men in the field, raw and undisciplined, that it would to retain those in the service now there until we could get a force in for the war, which we will endeavor to do as speedily as possible.

In consideration of these facts I have addressed General Hebert a letter requesting him not to disband the troops until my special messenger can return from Richmond, because I cannot believe for one moment that you intended to strip this department of every shadow of defense, leaving our State entirely to the tender mercy of our vandal foe. Should the order you have given be carried out as understood, there would be left in the entire department not 3,000 men, and they at some three different points. I am satisfied you did not intend to do this, though I shall await your reply with some anxiety. Let me assure you, my dear is, that it is my purpose and intention to aid the Government in every way possible in furnishing men and means for the war, and to the utmost capacity of the State men shall be furnished. I believe that the cavalry regiments that are in the service have all provided their own arms, and some of the infantry also; consequently our State is very poorly prepared with arms and munitions of war to defend her soil; yet if an equal chance is given us and the vandal wretches ever get into the country we will show the world that the Texas soldiers know how to fight for the right of self-government. I have inflicted on you a long letter, but I found it impossible to say less and at the same time convey to you an idea of the many difficulties which surround me at this time. I trust you will give the matter I have brought before you your immediate attention, and as soon as compatible with the public interest permit any messenger to return.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

F. R. LUBBOCK.

P. S. - In addition to the above I have just learned that Judge Burford has authority to raise a cavalry regiment, and that Mr. William Fitzhugh is raising another cavalry regiment to be attached to Colonel M. T. Johnson's command. As I have said in the body of me letter, I believe this mode of obtaining men is all wrong, and I feel satisfied that if persons are thus permitted to raise troops in our State it will greatly interfere with the raising of the fifteen regiments proposed to be raised in Texas. Be kind enough to inform me whether any of the fifteen regiments are to be cavalry; and if any, what proportion. It would greatly facilitate the speedy raising of troops if the bounty money and transportation could be forwarded at once, which fact I hope you will consider.

F. R. L.

