
reliable and intelligent citizens. Mr. Cone visits Richmond partly on his own affairs, but more particularly to convey to you the business letter which he will present. * I can say to you that he is in every way worthy of your confidence, and you need feel no hesitation in availing yourself of so favorable an opportunity to transmit funds for this military department. I have conversed freely with Mr. C[one], who is a confidential friend of mine, and he is well posted as to all matters in Texas. Any attention shown him while in Richmond will be duly appreciated by.

Yours, very respectfully,

F. R. LUBBOCK,

Governor, &amp;c.

[MARCH 8, 1862. - For Benjamin to Letcher, calling for 40,000 Virginia militia, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 459.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 12. Richmond, March 10, 1862.

The following order is published for the instruction and guidance of officers of the Army:

I. All officers receiving provisions from officers of the Commissary Department will state on the back of the return the amount of each article of provisions actually received on that return, and commissaries will make out their "abstracts of issues" in accordance with such receipts.

II. Commanding officers whose duty it may be to examine the abstract of issues of the commissaries of their command will reject all "returns" for issues (made after the promulgation of this order to their respective commands) which do not show the amounts actually issued by the statement of the receiving officer to that effect, certifying that the abstracts are in accordance with the issues actually made.

III. All disbursing officers will comply strictly with the requirements of the regulations of their departments calling for the rendition of their monthly returns five days after the expiration of each months, and of quarter-yearly accounts twenty days after the expiration of each quarter, and where failing with three months after the expiration of the quarter to make the proper returns officers so failing shall then be dropped from the rolls of the Army. The onus of explaining such default to the satisfaction of the President, with the view to restoration, shall in all cases rest entirely upon the party who may be so drooped.

IV. Commissaries and acting commissaries of subsistence of regiments and battalions will, whenever possible, draw provisions on returns according to Forms Nos. 13 and 14 of the Subsistence Regulations. Commissaries who draw stores in bulk can alone make sales to officers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*See Lubbock to Benjamin, March 7, p. 977.

---------------

