
for the settlement of the responsibilities incurred by you under stress of the exactions of Captain Bird. I am trying to sell the Gladiator, as she will henceforth be a vessel marked by our enemies and too closely watched to make it prudent for us to ship cargo on her. I regret exceedingly not to have your letters by the Cecile, but hope they will come to hand yet in time to permit an answer to accompany this letter. The port at which our cargoes are entered is so out of the way that it takes several weeks for the letters to reach me, and even your dispatches take four or five days, while the steamers unload and leave in two days, thus precluding the possibility of a reply. I am happy to inform you that all our mutual friends are well, and though we have lately been unfortunate in some engagements the spirit of our people rises with the occasion, and I never was more confident than at this moment. the success of our iron-clad steamer the Virginia (late the Merrimac) in destroying three first-class frigates in her first battle, evinces our ability to break for ourselves the much-vaunted blockade, and ere the lapse of ninety days we hope to drive from our waters the whole blockading fleet. In less than that time we shall have several powerful iron-clad steamers of light draft that will be able to sweep from the coast all their so-called upon gun-boats, which are nothing but merchant vessels armed with a few heavy pieces.

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

A RESOLUTION declaring the sense of Congress in regard to reuniting with the United States.

Whereas, the United States are waging war against the Confederate States, with the avowed purpose of compelling the latter to reunite with them under the same Constitution and Government; and whereas, the waging of war with such an object is in direct opposition to the sound republican maxim that "all government rests upon the consent of the governed," and can only tend to consolidation in the General Government and the consequent destruction of the rights of the States; and whereas, this result being attained the two sections can only exist together in the relation of the oppressor and the oppressed, because of the great preponderance of power in the Northern section, coupled with dissimilarity of interest; and whereas, we, the Representatives of the people of the Confederate States, in Congress assembled, may be presumed to know the sentiments of said people, having just been elected by them: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That this Congress do solemnly declare and publish to the world that it is the unalterable determination of the people of the Confederate States, in humble reliance upon Almighty God, to suffer all the calamities of the most protracted war, but that they will never, on any terms, politically affiliate with a people who are guilty of an invasion of their soil and the butchery of their citizens.

Approved March 11, 1862.

RESOLUTION pledging the Government to maintain the territorial integrity of the Confederacy.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the honor of this Government imperatively demands that the existing

