
war be prosecuted until the enemy shall have been expelled from every foot of soil within each and every of the Confederate States; and no proposition of peace shall be entertained which contemplates, however remotelyment by this Government of any portion of any of the States of this Confederacy. Approved March 11, 1862.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, March 11, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have been notified by individuals and by advertisement in the papers that certain persons are authorized to raise battalions and regiments in this State for the Confederate service. The plan will not hasten or facilitate enlistments in this State, and interferes with the formation of our regiments for the Confederate quota. I am not aware what authority is given to these persons, or upon whose sanction they obtain these promised positions, but it is not in accordance with the plan indicated by our law. If permission is given to raise cavalry regiments of battalions, let me respectfully notify you of the fact: Three months ago we tendered Colonel Spruill's regiment of cavalry (Nineteenth) to the Confederacy. They were accepted. After three months' efforts I was unable to obtain arms and equipments for them (from New Orleans to Richmond). We tried in vain to get swords or carbines. This regiment was received by you but partly armed (from necessity). they are yet without sabers, although we spared neither effort nor money. We did engaged from the Eastvan &amp; Froelich sword factory at Wilmington, and paid high prices, but three-fourths of the swords proved worthless. If more cavalry is to be received, let me ask that this regiment (Nineteenth North Carolina Volunteers), four or five months in your service without arms, be furnished before others are received. If cavalry is preferred, I can raise you two or more regiments, but I have refused all tender of cavalry companies because I could not equip them. So great is the preference for cavalry that infantry cannot be raised where cavalry can be received. My own opinion about cavalry is that unless they can have six or eight months' drilling, with arms and horses, they are only valuable as scouts or vedettes, and these can be temporarily had in any section.

But to return to the Nineteenth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers. If you can let them have sabers they will be useful. They have been many months in your service without arms, and consequently are almost useless, though drawing pay and rations.

I am, most respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 12, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit, in accordance with the resolution of Congress of the 26th ultimo, a 'statement* of the establishments now engaged in manufacturing small-arms under contract

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

