
quarters, and shall be styled Chief of the Bureau of Artillery and Ordnance.

SEC. 5. The officers of said bureau above the rank of lieutenant shall wear the uniform of the officers of the Corps of Artillery, with such variation to designate their position on the staff as the Secretary of War may determine. Lieutenants attached to the bureau will wear the uniform of their corps, with such addition or variation as may be necessary to designate their position on the staff. The officer on duty with an army shall be styled chief of ordnance of the Army of ---. The officer on duty with a division shall by styled division ordnance officer, and with a brigade, brigade ordnance officer.

SEC. 6. The pay of the officers of the bureau of all grades shall be the same as of the corresponding grades of cavalry, with the like allowance of horses and of fuel.

SEC. 7. The President may assign to each army in the field commanded by a general or acting general one of the officers of said bureau, who shall while on such duty have the rank and be entitled to the pay and allowances of a lieutenant-colonel. To each division commanded by a major-general or acting major-general, and officer of said bureau, who shall when on such duty have the rank and be entitled to the pay and allowances of a major of cavalry. To each brigade commanded by a brigadier-general or acting brigadier-general, an officer of said bureau, who shall when on such duty have the rank and be entitled to the pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry. Such assignments to be made on the application and recommendation of the commanders of armies, divisions, and brigades, through the Chief of the Bureau of Artillery and Ordnance. If officers of this bureau are not available for such assignments, then officers of any corps may be temporarily detailed for like purposes and will be entitled to like rank, pay, and allowances, and will for the time being be considered attached to the Bureau of Artillery and Ordnance.

SEC. 8. During the present war the officers of the bureau having charge of the arsenals and armories and the powder mills of the Confederate States and the assistant to the chief of the bureau shall be entitled to the rank, pay, and allowances of the grade immediately above that which they hold in the Confederate Army.

SEC. 9. The following are declared to be armories, arsenals, depots, &amp;c.:

Fayetteville Arsenal and Armory, Fayetteville, N. C. ; Richmond Armory, Richmond, Va. ; Richmond Arsenal, Richmond, Va. ; Charleston Arsenal, Charleston, S. C. ; Augusta Arsenal, Augusta, Ga. ; confederate Powder Mills, Augusta, Ga. ; Savannah Depot, Savannah, Ga. ; Montgomery Depot, Montgomery, Ala. ; Mount Vernon Arsenal, Mount Vernon, Ala. ; Baton Rouge Arsenal, Baton Rouge, La. ; Texas Arsenal, San Antonio, Tex. ; Little Rock Arsenal, Little Rock, Ark. ; Memphis Depot, Memphis, Tenn. ; Nashville Arsenal, Nashville, Tenn. ; New Orleans Depot, New Orleans, La.

BONHAM, TEX., March 12, 1862.

SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

SIR: Since me letter to you of the 6th instant I have been traveling over a considerable portion of the district assigned to me in which I am to raise five regiments of infantry under the terms and restrictions mentioned in your order to me of the 3d ultimo. I find everywhere a

