
willingness to volunteer, but a number of persons who authorized last summer and fall to raise regiments of mounted twelve-months' men have taken advantage of the excitement and now come in and are everywhere recruiting for mounted service, which, being much more popular in Texas than foot service, and the term being shorter, makes it a preferable service to our people, and is a very serious obstacle in my way; and not satisfied with the number of troops they were at first authorized to raise, some of these gentlemen, growing ambitious, are now calling for two and three regiments, with a view of urging upon the Government their claim to a brigadiership. Mr. M. T. Johnson, I hear, has now gone to Richmond, with the view of applying for the appointment of brigadier-general upon the ground that he has actually mustered three mounted regiments of twelve-months' men into the service. Two regiments, I believe, are organized, but the third has not been raised, and I hope will not. The truth is, unless this raising of men for a short term of service, and mounted at that, is peremptorily forbidden I cannot get the infantry required, and it would overtax the State to raise mounted men ad libitum, and on the heel of that raise also the required infantry. I take it for granted that at the time I was ordered to raise five infantry regiments that was the quota required of Texas east of the Trinity for the Confederate Army. Since that order, if all the mounted troops are received recruited in this district we shall actually have more than the required number, and all mounted, and now to raise 5,000 more will almost exhaust the male population. Would it not, therefore, in view of all these facts, be well to issue a peremptory order to those persons who have delayed raising these mounted men until this time to disband them, and publish an order that no more mounted or twelve-months' men, much less the two combined, will be received into the service (save, perhaps, a special call). If this was done I could get my five regiments in thirty days. As it is, it will take me more than twice that time, and will take from the country more men than is probably desired by the Government, and perhaps more than would be prudent, especially from this section, where there is a very large grain crop in the ground and likelihood of there being a deficiency of labor to save it. Provisions for the Army will probably the next season be drawn in large quantities from this section, but if the drain on the male population is kept up, I. e., if all the cavalry organized and being organized, and all the infantry called for take the field, the harvesters will not be sufficient. I hope these self-appointed brigadiers will be taken out of my way at once and a quietus given to this mania for twelve-months' mounted service. An early reply is solicited.

Very respectfully,

SAML. A. ROBERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 11, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War. Requires early action.

In view of the fact that there is now in service from Texas more than twenty regiments of cavalry and more than ten regiments of infantry, independently of the force serving in the State, and that the whole number is as great as she can be reasonably expected to furnish, it is submitted whether it would not be well to recall the authority for the five infantry regiments referred to within by Colonel Roberts.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

