
Prohibit all persons authorized to raise troops in Texas from enlisting twelve-months' men. Revoke and annul all authority to raise troops granted by this Department, unless the organization be completed and muster-rolls returned in sixty days from date of this order.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

[MARCH 12, 1862. - For Letcher's authority to Confederate generals in Virginia to call out the militia of that State within the limits of their commands, see Series I, VOL. V, p. 1097.]

RICHMOND, March 13, 1862.

To the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In response to the resolution of the 26th ultimo calling for a statement as to the establishments under contract for the supply of small-arms and of powder, and what means are employed in furnishing percussion-caps, and whether the various manufacturing establishment now employed by the Government will be able to furnish an ample supply of arms, powder, and percussion-caps for the use of our Army, I herewith transmit a report to the Secretary of War,* which gives such information in relation to the ability of the establishments employed as, it is hoped, will be satisfactory to the Congress. The Government has secured a supply of sulphur sufficient for any proximate want; proper charcoal can be obtained in any requisite quantity, and it only requires an adequate supply of saltpeter to insure the manufacture of more powder than can be profitably used. In addition tot he mills now in active operation a very extensive one has been constructed in Georgia, which we have not started because the supply of saltpeter did not justify it. Establishments for the manufacture of small-arms are being constructed and developed, but, as was to have been anticipated, the progress has been slow and the want of mechanics does not permit us to hope for such extensive results as would satisfy existing necessities. The attention of Congress is called to the remarks of the Secretary on the subject of iron, and a method of increasing its production. For further information reference is made to the tabular statement of the Chief of Ordnance,+ which is annexed to the letter of the Secretary of War.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 13. Richmond, March 13, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress, and the regulations of the Secretary of War thereupon, with directions respecting damaged powder, &amp;c., are published for the information of the Army:

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That every person not a citizen of one of the Confederate States engaged in the military service of the said Confederate States during the existing war against the

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure, but see Benjamin to Davis, March 12, p. 987.

+Not found.

---------------

63 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

