
V. Wastage of damaged powder and ammunition in camps and at batteries having been reported, it is made the duty of officers in charge thereof to turn it over to the nearest ordnance officer; or, he being absent, to the quartermaster, who will forward it, with invoices of the amount, to the ordnance officer at Richmond, Raleigh, Augusta, or New Orleans, depending on their distance from those points, respectively. The same will be done with all unserviceable arms.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Austin, March 13, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I arrived here from Houston on yesterday and find in my office the inclosed order of S. A. Roberts, who is probably the gentleman mentioned in my last from Houston as having authority to raise five regiments of men within the State of Texas north and east of the Trinity River, to report directly to the Adjutant-General of the Confederate States at Richmond without consulting with or reporting in any way to the authorities of this State. This gentlemen (S. A. Roberts) is placed on a much more favorable footing to raise men than the Executive of the State. He is holding out very strong inducements to the Texans to enlist be permitting them to transport themselves on horses and mules to be ultimately purchased by the Government. The people are eager to engage int he conflict, and as a rule desire to move at once to the scene of action. The effect of the permission to S. A. Roberts, assistant adjutant-general, is to close the region of the country in which he is authorized to operate against the Executive until he obtains the number of men he calls for. I wish to be informed whether these five regiments are to constitute a portion of the fifteen regiments required of me by your Department under date of the 3d of February, 1862. I am also well informed that parties are yet traveling over this State raising men for cavalry service and for twelve months under commissions from the War Department. These commissions ought, in right and justice, to have been revoked when the requisition was made on me for the fifteen regiments. As this was not then done it should be done now. Unless action is taken at once to remedy this evil I cannot and will not, as I have said before, be responsible to any degree for the time and manner in which Texas will fill in terms the requisition made upon her. If Texas is expected to furnish her troops regularly and in accordance with your requisitions, the people must understand and must know that they go into service through the Executive of the State. This system must be adopted and must be enforced or it will be utterly futile for me to exert myself to comply with demands by you. I trust, sir, that an early reply will be given me on these points.

I am, sir, with great respect, your very obedient servant,

F. R. LUBBOCK.

