
[Inclosure.]

FEBRUARY, 1862.

To the CITIZENS OF Texas IN THE COUNTIES LYING EAST OF THE TRINITY:

FELLOW-CITIZENS: The crisis of our country is at hand. In all human probability the events of the next six months will close the war, or serve to protract it indefinitely. If we defeat the enemy or keep him at bay for that period it is believed by those highest in authority that the war will be virtually, if not actually, at an end. To do this every energy of the Government must be exerted, and that at once. The enemy, profiting by their dearly-bought experience in the use of volunteers for a short term of service, discarded the system and went to work to enlist troops for the war, and they will be in a condition, as soon as the spring opens, to precipitate upon us a numerous and a well-drilled army. Our army, composed mostly of twelve-months' volunteers, will about that time by actually disbanding, unless the patriotism of the volunteers shall overcome their desire for ease. Strong hopes are entertained and some earnests have recently been given by the army in Virginia and elsewhere that this will be the case. But still, with all the volunteers now in the field, the enemy greatly outnumbers us. I speak what I have the best authority for saying. More troops we must have, and if we cannot get them as volunteers there will inevitably by a draft. How will you respond to this plain state of facts? My long residence and extensive acquaintance in a large portion of Texas enables me to respond confidently for you. You will volunteer. But it must not be a slow, hesitating action. It must, to be of use, be a rapid, energetic, universal upheaval of the people. Hesitation is death; inaction, a desertion of your country in this her hour of need. Call public meetings; those of you who feel the fire within will be gifted with words to rouse the torpid and add and new energy to those who are already resolved to bring themselves to their country. The time for preparation is so short that it will be impossible for me to visit, as I had thought of doing, each county in person. By the 15th of April we want five regiments from the counties east of the Trinity. The Government has authorized me to raise these regiments, muster them into service, and provide for their outfit, &amp;c. With great exertion I prevailed on the Department to depart somewhat from the rule which the good of the service required them to make - to receive no more mounted troops - and I am now permitted to let each volunteer mount himself on a good, serviceable horse or mule, when about to take up the line of march, and when their destination is reached the troops will dismount and serve on foot, the Government paying them cash in currency for the horse or mule at the appraised or muster-in value, and pay also 10 cents a mile to each volunteer in commutation of forage, risk of horse, &c. The Government will also arm the troops on reaching their destination, if not before. A military depot and rendezvous will be established by me at some healthy and convenient point for subsisting the troops while in camp. I shall endeavor to place it where provisions are most abundant and cheapest. Due notice will be given through the papers or otherwise of the point selected. Special orders I am allowed to give to any suitable gentlemen desiring to raise a regiment or company. Whenever notified that a regiment has been raised I will immediately proceed to any portion of my district (which is indicated in the caption of this address), muster it into service, and assign an

