
armies of the Confederate States, which office shall continue only during the pleasure of the President.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the said officer shall be appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. His usual headquarters shall be at the seat of government, and shall be charged, under the direction of the President, with the general control of military operations, the movement and discipline of the troops, and the distribution of the supplies among the armies of the Confederate States, and may, when he shall deem it advisable, take command in person of our army or armies in the field.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That the pay of the commanding general aforesaid shall be $400 per month, without allowances; and if the officer appointed under the provisions of this act shall be an officer of the permanent Army the appointment shall not affect his rank as such, but he shall receive none of the pay and allowances of his grade as an officer of the permanent Army while holding the office created by this act.

SEC. 4. Be if further enacted, That the staff of the commanding-general shall consist of a military secretary with the rank of colonel, four aides-de-camp with the rank of major, and such clerks, not to exceed four in number, as the President shall from time to time authorize. The pay and allowances of the military secretary and aides-de-camp shall be the same as those of officers of cavalry of the like grade, and the salaries of the clerks shall not exceed $1,200 per annum for each. Such offices, office furniture, fuel, and stationery shall be provided for the commanding general as the duties of his office may render necessary, to be paid for out of the appropriation for the contingent expenses of the War Department.

Passed House March 3, 1862. Vote, 50 to 16.

Passed Senate March 6, 1862. Vote not recorded.

[Veto sustained in the House by vote of 68 to 1.]

[MARCH 14, 1862. - For General Orders, No. 15, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, publishing proclamation of Jefferson Davis, extending martial law over certain counties in Virginia, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 502.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 15, 1862.

Hon. W. M. BROOKS,

Marion Ala.:

MY DEAR SIR: If under other circumstances I might be willing to hear criticism of my acts, the condition of the country now too fully engrosses all my thoughts and feelings to permit such selfish impatience, and I have read yours of the 25th ultimo,* anxious to gather from it information, and thankful for your friendly remembrance and the confidence your frankness evinces. I acknowledge the error of my attempt to defend all of the frontier, sea-board and inland; but will say in justification that if we had received the arms and munitions which we had good reason to expect, the attempt would have been successful and the battle-fields would have been on the enemy's soil. You seem to have fallen into the most uncommon mistake of supposing that I have chosen to carry on the war upon a "purely defensive system. " The advantage of selecting the time and place of attack was

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

