
encumbered with so many prisoners and animals that, with the hostile force in front, it was useless to think longer of going to Cahawba. Accordingly the column turned west and southwest, through Houston and Bellefontaine, to the Mississippi Central Railroad, striking it at Winona. A detachment was sent to Bankston, which destroyed the large and valuable factories which worked 500 hands to supply the rebel army with cloth, clothing, and shoes; large quantities of wool, cloth, and leather were destroyed. A detachment was sent to Grenada, which destroyed the new machine shops and all public property in the place. A brigade was sent south from Grenada, under Colonel Osband, which destroyed the road and telegraph for thirty-five miles, and then met a brigade of the enemy under Wirt Adams, at Franklin, charged and drove them from the field, leaving 25 of their dead on the ground. The troops arrived at Vicksburg on the 5th of January. About forty miles on each road is destroyed, including a large number of bridges, telegraph depots, switches, turn-tables, and water-tanks, 4 serviceable locomotives, and 10 which were undergoing repairs, about 100 cars, a pile-driver and engine, 700 fat hogs, very large amounts of corn and wheat, and 1,000 stand of new arms at Egypt, in addition to the 4,000 destroyed at Verona. I believe this expedition, in its damaging results to the enemy, is second in importance to none during the war. So soon as the cavalry is sufficiently recruited, I will execute the orders I have received from you relative to Madison and Carroll Parishes, La. I shall immediately dispatch Winslow's command to Louisville according to former orders, but as Hood and Forrest are both reported at Corinth, and will be compelled to do something for relief, it really appears to me that force is required here rather than north of the Tennessee.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi.

Numbers 3. Report of Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., January 5, 1865.

GENERAL: The cavalry expedition under Brigadier-General Grierson sent out from Memphis about the 20th ultimo arrived here in good order to-day. The expedition has been a complete success. They struck the Mobile and Ohio railroad, between Boonville and Guntown, and passed down the line of the road, destroying it as they went, as far south as Egypt Station. At this last place they captured over 500 prisoners, and mortally wounded Brigadier-General Gholson. They captured and destroyed 300 army wagons, 4,000 new carbines, an immense amount of ammunition, two trains of cars, and a large amount of commissary and quartermaster's stores. Leaving the Mobile and Ohio road at Egypt, the command swept across the State, striking the Mississippi Central Railroad below Grenada, and destroying it for about thirty miles. At Grenada a number of locomotives and a large number of cars; at Bankston cloth and shoe factories, employing over 500

