
Trusting that my past and future record may justify the Department in considering favorably this request, I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

DECEMBER 23-24, 1864.-Expedition from Baton Rouge to Clinton, La.

Report of Major John H. Clybourn, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT CAVALRY DIVISION, Baton Rouge, December 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my expedition across the Amite River:

Left Baton Rouge, La., on the 23rd instant at 2 p. m., with two commissioned officers and 100 men; marched out on Clay Gert road to Harrell's Ford on Amite River, sixteen miles from Baton Rouge; found the river too high to ford or swim. Commenced crossing my command on a dugout found on this river. Could only cross two horses at a time, and when about one-half of my command were ferried across, the bottom was accidentally knocked out by one of the horses. I then marched my command up both sides of the Amite River and formed a junction at Benton Ford six miles from Harrell's Ford. We found the river too high to ford and it was impossible for me to swim in the balance of my command across. I then sent back the part of the command that was on this side of the river to Baton Rouge. I then marched the balance on the other side the Amite to Burlington Ferry, sixteen miles from Benton Ford and six miles from Williams' Bridge' met a part of the rebel Colonel Bob Hunter's command between Benton Ford and Burlington Ferry, captured 4 prisoners; arrived at Burlington Ferry at 4 ten horses at a time. Crossed my command and marched to Bogan's Ford on the Comite River, nine miles from Burlington Ferry. Ran across a gang of jayhawkers, under command of Captain Bob Hopper, between Bogan's Ford and Burlington Ferry, charged them and captured 4 of them; arrived at Bogan's River, and marched to Baton Rouge. Learning from a negro that the rebel Lieutenant Brannan and Lieutenant Brown were at the house of Mr. Granville Pierce, on Greenville Springs road, I charged up with a party of ten men and surrounded the place, capturing Lieutenant Brannan's orderly and the lieutenant's horse and equipments, also Lieutenant Brown's horse and equipments, but could find nothing of the rebel officers. I am certain they were hid away in the house. Lieutenant Brannan is chief of all the rebel scouts in this district. Marched a distance of seventy miles, captured 12 prisoners and killed 1 bushwhacker, captured 12 horses and 2 mules without the loss of a man. Sergt. George Rork, Eleventh New York Cavalry, was shot by a jayhawker through the hand. Sergeant Rork killed the jayhawker after he had shot him through the hand. Lieutenant Philip Dougherty, of Earl's command, deserves great praise for the service he rendered. His conduct was very brave and gallant. I did no learn of any large force being this side of Clinton, La. It was re-

