
ported that the rebel Colonel Scott had returned to Clinton with his command. Arrived back at Baton Rouge at 6 p. m. 24th instant.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. CLYBOURN,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier-General BENTON,

Commanding District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson.

DECEMBER 24-25, 1864.-Scout from Pine Bluff to Richland, Ark., with skirmish (24th) near Richland.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas Stevenson, Fifth Kansas City.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., December 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I took command of the escort to beef contractor as per your order, and started from post commissary at 5 a. m. 24th. The escort consisted of nineteen men from Fifth Kansas Cavalry and twenty men from Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. Proceeded by the river road to the bayou at Doctor Waters' plantation and found it too deep to ford. Constructing a temporary floating bridge, crossed the bayou and drove the enemy's pickets from Richland. At the distance of nearly one mile below Richland we saw a column of the enemy (about 100 men) moving down the river. On seeing us they halted. I returned and recrossed the bayou with the intention of getting what cattle we could on this side. Halting a few minutes at Doctor Waters' to feed, drove a few head of cattle from the vicinity of Doctor Waters'. Near Mrs. Atkins' the advance guard was fired on by a party of the enemy posted in a gin-house and behind some fallen timber. We returned the fire and soon drove the enemy across a narrow field to the timber beyond, capturing 1 prisoner belonging to the Twenty-first Texas Cavalry. Fearing they would throw a force above the bridge at Mrs. Atkins' to cut us off from town, I moved up above the bridge. The enemy did not pursue us farther. I reached camp at 6 p. m. Our loss was 1 man killed, Private Thomas King, Company B, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

THOS. STEVENSON,

Second Lieutenant, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Escort.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General .

DECEMBER 26, 1864.-JANUARY 1, 1865,-Expedition against Indians in Central Arizona, with skirmish (January 1) at Sycamore Springs, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Samuel L. Barr, Fifth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHWESTERN ARIZONA, Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter., January 1, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of First Lieutenant Samuel L. Barr, Fifth U. S. Infantry, of a scout after Indians.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. ANDERSON,

Captain, Fifth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Post.

