
[Inclosure.]

Report of scout against Apache Indians, Company F, Fifth U. S. Infantry, and detachment of First New Mexico Cavalry Volunteers, commanded by First Lieutenant Samuel L. Barr, Fifth U. S. Infantry, from Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 68, December 25, 1864:

December 26, 11 o'clock, left Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter.; camped at Bed Rock,; distance, six miles. Wood, water, and grass in abundance. Fine day. Roads muddy; 1,30 o'clock.

December 27, 7.30 o'clock, traveled twelve miles on Woolsey's road. Camped in a dry creek. Wood scarce. Plenty of snow on the banks. Grass good. Fine day. Weather moderate. Road very muddy; 12 o'clock.

December 28, 7 o'clock, left the road at Woolsey's ranch; took an old Indian trail directly east of the ranch and considerably to the right of Chaves Cut-Off. Crossed the mountains; followed the trail on until we struck the Ague Fria. Here we camped by some cotton-woods; distance, thirteen miles. Wood, water, and grass in abundance; 12 o'clock. No signs of Indians.

December 29, 7 o'clock, continued on the trial along the same stream. Camped near a very high bluff on the right of the trail. This peak, as near as I can judge, is from 150 to 200 feet high; quite easy to ascend from either the west or north sides. Upon the highest point of this peak I found where there had been many years ago quite a large fortification. Evidently quite a number have inhabited this place. The walls are built of rock, and some of them are in still good order; others have been torn down, perhaps by Indians. From this Aztec Peak. Distance, twelve miles. Wood, water, and grass in abundance. No signs. Weather still fine; 12 o'clock.

December 30, 6.45 o'clock, left the Agua Fria to our right. Continued upon trail until it became so did that we were unable to keep it any longer. Traveled considerably south of east over rolling prairie. Sent out a few men in advance to look out for signs; 8 o'clock reported Indian signs some two days old. Followed them down a dry creek for about three miles, where they then struck off to the left and in the direction of the San Francisco River. Having no one along that was at all acquainted with the country, I concluded it was best (as our mules were very tired and thirsty) to go on a few miles farther down this creek to find water; 10 o'clock we first struck the cattle tracks, together with two mule tracks. Followed upon their trail until we struck a place under a high bluff of rocks, where they have made a camp and roasted a mule. The creek runs about fifty yards form the but the hoofs. Their trail then took a straight course toward the head of Ash Creek. The country from there being so open I concluded I would keep down in this creek until I found water. Six miles from the point of rocks I struck a large grove of cotton woods and camped. Wood, water, and grass in abundance. In many places the grass was very green; the buds on the trees were also swelling. Distance, fifteen miles; 12 o'clock. Weather uncomfortably warm.

December 31, 3 p. m., traveled in a northeast direction. Crossed down in quite a large canon, through which a steam had once flowed, called by the guide as Willow Creek. Followed up this for about three

