
miles, then took across in a southeast direction until we came to a fine stream of water, distance four miles, and at this water we found where the Indians had crossed the cattle. 9 o'clock, stopped for lunch. 11 o'clock, packed up. Directly south of east from this water, down in a very deep ravine, we found five wigwams. At this place they had killed the other mule and butchered a steer. Plenty of water in this ravine. We kept upon their trail, which took across the steam and went along under the edge of a hill for about one mile up the stream, then turned sharp to the right and took up over the hill and traveled due south until we struck another small stream. We traveled up this south for about four miles until we came to where they had crossed. The tracks were about three days old. Camped at this stream. Wood, water, and grass in abundance. 4 o'clock, distance, twenty-one miles; weather warm.

January 1, 7.30 o'clock: 10 o'clock halted at some springs which I called Sycamore Springs, twelve miles from last camp. Wood, water, and grass in abundance. 12 o'clock, surprised an Indian camp; killed 4 and recaptured 2 steers, but 1 of the Indians escaped. We would have gotten more had not my guide been mistaken in the smoke. When he first saw it he was under the impression that the smoke came from the top of the hill and that the Indians had seen him and were signaling. Thinking everything was lost, and that perhaps he might get a shot at the Indian making the smoke, he made a rush to the place where he thought the smoke was coming from,and in doing so, a squaw who was on the hills saw him and gave the alarm in their camp. They made a desperate effort to get away, but we were too close upon them. When we came upon them they were evidently making great preparations for a large feast. They had just butchered a fine steer and had just started a mescal pit, which caused so much smoke. After destroying everything they had, took off directly east from there toward a large canyon. Camped 2 o'clock; wood, water, and grass in abundance. The next day we marched six miles, direction north, to Sycamore Creek; camped; found wood, water, and grass. A few miles up this creek we found (in a canyon some 200 feet deep and about 100 feet from top to top) a large cave some thirty or forty feet deep. At this place they had killed three steers. The third they killed, from all appearances, the night before. Something frightened them and they left almost all of it behind. No doubt but that the Indian that escaped the day before gave them the alarm. This place has evidently been a great haunt for the Indians. I am under the impression that if about in two months from this time a party is sent out in that direction they may be able to find them back there. Through the whole country that I passed over on this scout I have never seen anything to equal it as far as grazing is concerned. Well watered, and I'll venture to say almost all the year round. The country is so much cut up, and being so many hiding places that it will take at least four companies (divided up in parties of twenty men each) to subdue these Indians. It could be arranged in such a manner that the Indians would have no rest, and in six months I will venture to say that they would sue for peace. These are merely suggestions. As it is almost impossible to scout in this section of country at present without proper guides, I would respectfully recommend for your consideration Messrs. Cooler, Rice, and Often. These are reliable, energetic men and take apparent great interest in assisting in all their power to drive these thieving Indians from a country like this, which is so immensely rich in almost every mineral.

