
CLINTON, August 10, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Two divisions of infantry, Taylor's corps within striking distance of river. Boats preparing. Time and place of crossing not fully decided upon. Forty pontoons on this side ready to move to point indicated. Much difficulty in the movement anticipated. General Taylor wishes his staff to come with him. Asks that Wharton with four cavalry brigades be brought across. Suggests that another division infantry now in Arkansas (he says) also come.

THOMAS BUTLER.

CLINTON, LA., August 11, 1864. (Via Mobile.)

General BRAGG:

I have just received dispatch, dated 3rd instant, from General Taylor, directing me to learn whether it is contemplated that he shall cross the river should it be found impracticable to cross the troops; also whether you desire that he should precede the troops to this side.

W. STEVENS,

Captain, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 17.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 8th instant. My letter written to you in Alexandria express clearly my views and the necessity for crossing immediately the Mississippi with the troops under your command. The inclosed copies* of dispatches from Generals Maury and Liddell are additional evidences of this necessity. The plan submitted and approved by you in your letter of August 8 for bridging the Mississippi is simply impracticable and visionary. It necessities the concentration of engineer troops from Arkansas and Texas-virtually the establishment of a navy-yard at Shreveport and building of boats. It makes requisition for material on the city of Houston, Tex., which in all probability will have to be imported. Under the most favorable circumstances it requires preparations, the collection of materials, and construction that would necessitate the delay of at least two months, and might fairly convey the impression that we were endeavoring to evade the order directing the crossing of the troops. You certainly could not have carefully examined the plan proposed or you would not have approved and recommended a course which detains indefinitely the troops here, while the campaign east of the Mississippi, in which they were to participate, had already reached a crisis. In my letter of July 31 the whole disposable force of the district was placed under your control through General Walker, its commander. The point and mode of crossing were left to your own judgment. It was only suggested instead of sending the cavalry on a distant expedition toward New Orleans they, with artillery, should be used to cover the crossing by holding points above and below the point selected. In my letter of the 31st I authorized you to send members of your staff east of the Mississippi for the purpose of

---------------

*See Maury to Liddell and Liddell to Hart, August 5, p. 99.

---------------

