
obtaining information and making provision for your troops. Your experience on the Mississippi, your knowledge of the country, and your personal interest in the success of the movement, make you the proper officer to command, even had the dispatches from the War Department not so directed. The list of staff officers furnished by you, whom you desired might accompany you east of the river, was carefully considered by me in the intention of being liberal and with the desire of complying with your wishes; but two on the list were objected to-Major Mason and Colonel Brent. Their services are too indispensably necessary, without inflicting serious injury upon the interests of the District of West Louisiana. As an evidence of my liberality I made no objection to either of the five adjutant-generals whose names were on that list, viz, Colonel Levy, Major Surget, Captain Elgee, Captain May, and Captain Watt. General S. D. Lee has, I believe, gone to Atlanta. The inclosed copies of dispatches would indicate that General Maury commands the department and is besieged at Mobile. General Liddell, immediately commanding the district opposite to you, is a Clinton. You can communication with him and obtain his co-operation. I again urge upon you the necessity of promptly crossing the force under your command; at least, the attempt should be made. If there is any unnecessary delay the authorities at Richmond can judge where the fault lies and upon whom the responsibility rests.

I am, general, very respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 11, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th instant. The change in the movement of the two brigades ordered to Arkansas may endanger us in that district, but as the successful crossing of the Mississippi by General Taylor's column is of the highest importance, I will adopt the change in the disposition of the troops made by yourself. I desire nothing to be done that will hazard the success of General Taylor's movement across the Mississippi. You will have the two brigades of Major's division prepared, so that they can march to Arkansas as soon as the movement of General Taylor has been accomplished. General Bagby should command. That will probably be the most important theater of operations, and a good officer should march in command of the troops. I inclose you a copy of a letter* to-day written to General Taylor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

CLINTON, LA., August 12, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I was unable to communicate fully with you by telegram, as I could not do so in cipher, and I was advised, for prudent reasons,

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

