
not to give any important information unless written in that way. On the 10th of August the cipher was obtained at General Liddell's headquarters, and I then sent you a dispatch giving the chief points in General Taylor's communication. I now inclose the general's letter, which will give you his views more plainly than I could transmit them.

General Taylor, through his staff officer, begs me that you will use your influence to have the troops that cross to this side paid up as soon as practicable. They have been greatly neglected in this respect, and he thinks a prompt attention to their wants would, to a certain extent, tend to move the dissatisfaction which would exist by reason of transfer.

He also suggests that when the troops are brought from Arkansas, General Price be left in the Trans-Mississippi Department. He thinks unless ordered to remain, the general will be sent over, as General E. K. Smith is anxious to get rid of him.

You will see from General Taylor's letter that he anticipated difficulty, moral as well as material, in the transfer of the troops to this side, but he promises that every exertion will be used to overcome both.

On the 9th I again wrote to General Taylor, suggesting that he had better act fully without waiting to hear from Richmond, telling him that you considered expedition in the movement of the troops. I also informed him that it was your wish that he should move in person to this side as soon as practicable.

I have not heard from General Smith.

Generals Wirt Adams and Liddell have made all necessary arrangements for providing transportation and supplies for the troops as they cross over, and both are ready to give such co-operation as to facilitate the movement.

It is feared that the enemy is apprised of our intentions, not from positive information but from his spies observing preparations which indicate the contemplated movement. We find the greatest caution and secrecy necessary, as the inhabitants are in constant communication with the enemy.

I will inform you as soon as I get further news.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS BUTLER,

Captain, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 18.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Major-General Forney left this morning to report to you to take command of Walker's old division. From letters received this morning the general commanding is led to believe that serious difficulty will arise among the troops on General Forney's taking command of that division. If these apprehension are well founded, and as this is the only command to which he can be assigned in the department, the general commanding directs that upon your arrival on the east side of the Mississippi River you will relieve General Forney of command and order him to report to Richmond. General Smith requests that you communicate to him your views on this subject.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

