
CLINTON, LA., August 13, 1864. (Via Mobile.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Are the troops from the Trans-Mississippi to bring their arms with them? General Smith has decided not, if arms can be procured from Selma.

THOMAS BUTLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

[Second indorsement.]

General BRAGG:

Some arms will be necessary for police and possibly for contingencies, but it would be well, as far as practicable, to avoid the transfer of arms from the Trans-Mississippi Department.

J. D.

[Inclosure Numbers 19.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, August 13, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant (Numbers 3637). In my note to you of the 9th instant, to which yours is an answer, I mentioned that I had already put Parson's cavalry brigade en route for Arkansas. Harrisons' Louisiana brigade, as you know, had already marched. I was, therefore, surprised at this passage in your communication:

You will have the two brigades of Major's division prepared, so that they can march to Arkansas as soon as the movement of General Taylor is accomplished.

It would appear from this that it is your desire that four cavalry brigades shall be sent to Arkansas from this district. In our conversation on the subject while you were here, and in the correspondence which has taken place between us on the subject, you did not intimate that you desired me to send more than three brigades-the two in addition to Harrison's command. Please give me instructions on this point. The preparations for the crossing of the command of General Taylor have been pushed forward by Colonel Douglas and his assistants with such energy that the pontoons will be able to move from here to-morrow; those I mean that have not already been sent around by water. It is of the greatest importance to the success of the movement that General Taylor should be with the troops in superintendence of the whole in person, but I learn from one of his staff that he intends leaving here to-morrow to assume command of the Department of Mississippi and await the arrival of the troops on the other side. This is in consequence, as Major Levy informs me, of an order to that effect sent him directly by General Bragg and received last night. I have not seen the order, and think Major Levy is mistaken in regard to the order being from General Bragg. It was probably the advice to that effect of Major-General Maury.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

