
to conduce most powerfully to the success of our comrades-in-arms east of the Mississippi. With the long-settled conviction which has dictated such a course, I cannot be deemed insensible to the importance of the movement now in contemplation.

I beg to observe, in conclusion, that I do not anticipate accomplishing impossibilities, but that not a moment's delay has occurred through me with the means at my disposal to attempt to carry out the difficult duty assigned me. The troops are already in position to cross and the means of crossing en route to their respective destinations. I myself leave here to-morrow to join the troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

CLINTON, LA., August 14, 1864. (Via Mobile.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Your dispatch of the 12th received. General Taylor was previously informed of your wishes. Four thousand infantry will cross the Mississippi River on Thursday, the 18th, at Dolgin Wall. This comprises the whole force expected.

THOMAS BUTLER.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

[Second indorsement.]

General BRAGG:

How can the number of men reported be transferred as two divisions, or has a change been made?

J. D.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,August 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President. I have indicated to General Taylor that he should cross and assume his new command, but I think it better be renewed.

The number of men (4,000) reported in the dispatch within seems to be the whole force intended to be sent. See copy of cipher telegram of 22nd, herewith sent.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

ALEXANDRIA, August 14, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH:

GENERAL: Your communication of 12th instant (Numbers 3659) has just been received, in which you inform me that Major-General Forney is on his way to this place to report to me to take command of Walker's old division.

After stating that you have received letters which lead you to believe that "serious difficulty will arise" among the troops on General Forney taking command of that division, you say:

If these apprehension are well founded, and as this is the only command to which he can be assigned in the department upon (my) arrival on the east side of the Mississippi River (I) will relieve General Forney and order him to report to Richmond.

