
should leave Alexandria, and after inspecting the troops and arrangements cross the river.

On my arrival at this place on the night of the 16th instant I found that the difficulties of effecting the movement of crossing the Mississippi were greater even than I had anticipated, and being unwilling to cast unpleasant responsibilities upon other officers, I at once wrote to Major-General Walker that I should remain on this side and give my personal attention to crossing the troops. I requested General Walker to forward to you immediately a copy of my letter to him. After I reached this place, the pontoon train having been started across the Ouachita, I received information that the enemy were, and had been for several days, aware of the contemplated movement, and had moved their iron-clads from below, stationing them between Vicksburg and the mouth of Red River at intervals of about twelve miles, with their other gun-boats constantly patrolling between those stations, and not more than four hours ever elapsed without a gun-boat passing up or down between Vicksburg and Red River. Deeming the attempt impracticable, and satisfied from personal observation and unmistakable information that it would result only in injury to the whole command, I assumed the responsibility of ordering a suspension of the movement until I could hear further from the War Department, at Richmond, dispatching to that effect on yesterday, and informing you by letter last night of the action which I had taken place, a majority of which occurred after the suspension of the movement, but just prior to its announcement to the troops. Convinced of the impossibility of crossing, to have marched the troops nearer the river would have resulted in the loss by desertion of at least one-half the entire command, and while the object in view would have failed, the efficiency of the corps, if not destroyed, would in all probability have been permanently injured. Among the causes which have induced and aggravated this desertion are the following: The non-payment of the troops for a period of twelve months, the absence of a very large proportion of the field officers of the divisions, recent changes which have been made among regimental and brigade commanders, and the inactivity of the command for the last two months. As an illustration of the large number of officers who are absent from their commands, I would cite one brigade (Maclay's) which is commanded by a major and only one other field officer (a major) present.

I cannot recognize the propriety of expression used in your letter (Numbers 3697), in which you state that you "positively forbid" my crossing the river, &amp;c., nor the right which you assume of controlling my obedience to orders emanating directly from the President of the Confederate States through the officer commanding the armies under him. I was relieved by you from the command of the district to which I had been assigned by the President and ordered to "await his pleasure." That pleasure has been indicated by assignment of me to another command and department. When orders reach me from the President I shall obey them, or if in my judgment on the ground delay or suspension are necessary I shall be governed by my discretion, advising the proper authority of my reasons therefor.

The mode and channel in which the Commander-in-Chief conveys his orders and instructions to me, if objectionable to you, are matters which you must yourself arrange with the higher authority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

