HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, August 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of information from Major-General Wharton, dated 19th instant, to the effect that large numbers of men from Walker's and Polignac's divisions have deserted (200 from the latter with arms). At the suggestions of General Wharton I have directed cavalry to be distributed at the various ferries from Cotile to Grand Ecore to intercept the deserters. If you have any troops disposable for similar service between Grand Ecore and Shreveport I would respectfully request that they be so employed.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHREVEPORT, LA., August 21, 1864.

PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the general commanding the department has been sick for the last ten days with an attack of acute dysentery. Being very weak, he directs me to write you as follows:

I was very much surprised at receiving your telegram informing me that no order was on file directing the infantry of my command to cross the Mississippi River. Your telegram implies that I should have followed the enemy's troops lately operating in this department, and that I was expected to so employ my forces as to prevent him at lest from re-enforcing the armies of Grant and Sherman.

I beg leave to submit the following resume of events which have transpired since my arrival in this department, as also my plans for the last campaign, and the reasons why I was unable to detain longer the armies opposed to me:

After I reached the department, and before I could become fully acquainted with the character and position of the troops, the operations against Vicksburg and Port Hudson absorbed all my attention. Banks' first raid, in which he overpowered General Taylor at Camp Island, swept through the most productive portions of Louisiana and caused the loss of our works controlling the navigation of the Red River and Atchafalaya. This was subordinate to the investment of Port Hudson.

I made the best disposition I could of my troops to aid in the relief of Vicksburg and Port Hudson.

General Taylor, with Walker's division drawn from Arkansas, moved secretly up the Tensas in transports, and landing a few miles from where Grant crossed the Mississippi River, attempted a coup de main upon his communications. The enterprise succeeded, but did not produce the important results anticipated, Grant having previously acquired a base of supplies upon the Yazoo River.

General Taylor now moved into the La Fourche country, where he operated successfully in interrupting the navigation of the Mississippi River between Port Hudson and New Orleans. His position became perilous after the fall of Port Hudson, and he recrossed Berwick Bay.

General Holmes reported that it was practicable for him to take Helena, and permission was given him to attempt it. The position was unsuccessfully assailed on the 4th of July. The enemy subsequently advanced, General Price abandoned Little Rock, and our forces fell back to Camden.

In the fall of 1863 the enemy made two attempts upon Texas. In the first he landed at the mouth of the Sabine, where, by the gallantry of a single company occupying a small fort, he was beaten, two of his gun-boats captured, and his design frustrated. He then concentrated a column at Berwick Bay in the season of low water, intending to proceed along the coast, drawing his supplies from its numerous inlets. I met this by placing Magruder's small force at the Sabine, holding Taylor inlets. I met this by placing Magruder's small force at the Sabine, holding Taylor on his flank. The latter, by avoiding a general engagement, while he harassed and menaced his communications, caused him to retire, when by a brilliant rear guard action General Green punished him severely. Banks then commenced his

8 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

