
I care not for the censure of those who allege that I have exhibited a want of capacity. You, Mr. President, have honored me with your confidence, of which I am proud. I beg if at any time I lose this that you will relieve me of the weighty responsibility with which I am now intrusted. I will always gladly serve in any other field or position to which you may see fit to assign me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. SMITH,

Medical Director General Hospital, Trans-Mississippi Department.

CLINTON, LA., August 22, 1864.

(Via Mobile.)

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Dispatch just received from General Taylor, dated Harrisonburg, August 18. He desires me to inform you that he considers the movement of troops across the river impracticable. Might be done five [sic] when the river is at its lowest stage and above Vicksburg. At present the movement simply keeps the troops attempting it idle. Wishes your further instructions on the subject as soon as possible and asks if he himself must now cross without troops.

THOMAS BUTLER.

[Inclosure Numbers 24.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Harrisonburg, La.:

GENERAL: You will immediately suspend the movement of the troops across the Mississippi River. The two infantry divisions under your command will be marched without delay and take position near Monroe, La., on the Ouachita. You are yourself relieved from the command, and will proceed across the Mississippi River in compliance with the telegram of General Cooper, dated Richmond, July 18, 1864, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

E. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MONTGOMERY, July 22, 1864.

Colonel GOBER, or

COMMANDING OFFICER:

Send following dispatch at once to General E. Kirby Smith:

RICHMOND, July 18, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH:

The President directs that you will order Lieutenant General Dick Taylor (if his services can be dispensed with in the Trans-Mississippi River, with instructions to report to this office by telegram from the nearest telegraph station in communication with Richmond.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

S. D. LEE.

