HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 22, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter (Numbers 1067) dated August 20 I am directed by the general commanding to say that you had best send word at once to the command that they are not to cross the river; also, to have the men intercepted informed to the same effect, and that if they will return at once to duty no notice will be taken of their absence.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 22, 1864.

Major-General BUCKNER, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inclose herewith the copy of a letter to Lieutenant-General Taylor,* and to direct that you make disposition for the maintenance of the troops near Monroe; that you will find a large amount of supplies can be drawn from the Ouachita and Bartholomew. Parson's brigade has already been ordered to the District of Arkansas, and that two brigades of Major's division directed to hold themselves in readiness to march in the same direction as soon as the movement across the Mississippi had been effected. It is not advisable to take General Bagby from his division. The senior in the neighborhood of Monticello, and there report to the commanding officer of the District of Arkansas. General Wharton should accompany the division and take command of all the cavalry in the District of Arkansas.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HARRISONBURG, August 25, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I received last night dispatch from General Bragg, dated Richmond, August 22, as follows:

Proceed to Meridian, the headquarters of your department, where staff and orders await you. Affairs at Mobile require prompt and immediate attention; a great need of veteran troops here. No enemy, but a few negroes, remain in New Orleans.

The following dispatch has also been received by me:

RICHMOND, August 12, 1864.

Captain THOMAS BUTLER,

Aide-de-Camp:

He should cross immediately and enter at once on his new command. He can aid the troops as well from this side as the other. Give prompt notification. His aides, adjutant-general, and inspector-general may accompany him.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

Colonel I. F. Harrison, commanding Sub-District of North Louisiana, was with me last night. He submitted to me his plan, the correspond-

---------------

*Inclosure Numbers 24, p. 117.

---------------

