
ence, &amp;c., relative to getting possession of the Federal gun-boats. A possibility exists that it may be successful. As the matter will be developed in a few days at the farthest, I shall await the result and cross such troops as it may be possible. In the meantime the forces have been removed to points where they will be in position to avail themselves of any opportunity which may present itself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-I send you latest dispatches from other side of the river, just received.

R. T.

KIRK'S FERRY, August 27, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding the District of Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant, inclosing copies of orders from the headquarters of the Trans-Mississippi Department.

I forwarded to you from Harrisonburg, on the 25th instant copies of dispatches from the War Department, setting forth the urgent need of veteran troops at Mobile, and at the same time I wrote you as to the possibility of effecting the movement of crossing, depending upon the success of the gun-boat scheme of Colonel I. F. Harrison.

If the scheme is successful and the plan can be carried out, it will be attempted on Wednesday night, 31st instant. To-day I shall be enabled to decide as to making the attempt. Should it be abandoned to-day, the troops will move to-morrow on the road between the Ouachita and Tensas (an abandoned country) to Monroe, and if the attempt fail on Wednesday night, the troops will be in such position that they can at once move under the command of Major-General Wharton to Monroe by the route above indicated. I trust I shall see you in this vicinity before Wednesday. If the troops cannot be crossed at the time mentioned I shall at once prepared proceed to the other side of the Mississippi River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, September 3, 1864. (Received October 18.)

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Bragg to inclose a copy of a telegram from Lieutenant-General Taylor, dated Harrisonburg, La., August 25, 1864. You will please report any and every action you may have taken in regard to General Taylor's movements since the roders sent him from these headquarters in July last, and send copies orders sent him from these headquarters in July last, and send copied of your orders,

I am, general, very respectfully,

JNO. B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

