
On the 12th of August General Smith wrote to General Taylor informing him that "General Forney left Shreveport this morning for the purpose of taking command of Walker's old division; and further, I (General Smith) have just received information which has let me to believe that if General Forney assumes command of that division serious difficulty will arise. If my apprehensions are well grounded, as soon as the troops reach the east bank of the Mississippi River you will relieve him from command of the division and order him to report to Richmond."

On the 14th of August Lieutenant-General Taylor wrote to General smith, in answer to the letter of the 12th, setting forth the impropriety of placing General Forney in the command, under the circumstances, and the embarrassment which would result from carrying out General Smith's instructions in regard to that officer; also urging the policy and propriety of placing General Walker in command of the division. Copies of these letters are in the hands of General Bragg.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Staff of Lieutenant-General Taylor.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the President.

It seems that General Smith, after writing to General Taylor on the 31st of July, left it optional with General Walker, by his letter of the 1st of August, whether he should take command of his old division, and then on the 3rd of August countermanded all he had done and sent General Walker to Texas.

J. P. BENJAMIN.

SELMA, October 4, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

I have just received that General E. Kirby Smith issued an order pardoning all the men who deserted from his army when ordered across the river. This after I had captured most of the deserters. Under these circumstances it seems to me to be useless to send further orders to cross the troops.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, October 5, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

This unfortunate order renders any further attempt to cross the troops useless.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 5, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President for his consideration and for instructions.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

