
your zeal and ability. I have not failed to appreciate the tendency of a commander whose mind is properly concentrated upon the necessities of his own position to overlook the wants which may exist elsewhere, and the possibility of his supplying them. We have one cause, one country, and the States have been confederated to unite their power for the defense of each. I no more doubt now than heretofore your earnest desire to promote the common welfare and to sacrifice every personal consideration to that end, and, as heretofore, have only sought to inform you of the public necessity, relying on your patriotism as far as was practicable to meet it. The superior numbers of the enemy render vigilance and raid concentration peculiarly essential to our condition.

With the hope that Divine power may endow you with wisdom to see what is right, and that we may hereafter rejoice together in the final success of our country's cause, and with my best wishes for your personal welfare and happiness,

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., January 31, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Shreveport, La.:

since my last letter to you reiterating the proposition for you to send such force as you could spare to the east side of the Mississippi River, the enemy has continued to withdraw troops from the west of the east and is now moving a large force from Tennessee to Virginia.

Under the hope that Divine power may endow you with wisdom to see what is right, and that we may hereafter rejoice together in the final success of our country's cause, and with my best wishes for your personal welfare and happiness.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., January 31, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, Shreveport, La.:

Since my last letter to you reiterating the proposition for you to send such force as you could spare to the east side of the Mississippi River, the enemy has continued to withdraw troops from the west to the east and is now moving a large force from Tennessee to Virginia.

Under these circumstances I think it advisable that you should be charged with military operations on both banks of the Mississippi, and that you should endeavor, as promptly as possible, to cross that river with as large a force as may be prudently withdrawn from your present department.

Please answer immediately, that I may know what to expect.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JULY 23-24, 1864.-Operations in Randolph County, Mo., with skirmishes at Allen (23d), and at Huntsville (24th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Ebenezer Knapp, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

MACON, July 23, 1864.

They are fighting at Allen. I have sent 100 men to re-enforce the militia. Operator says rebel re-enforcements just coming, but will hold out.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

