
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Ebenezer Knapp, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Glasgow, Mo., September 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, July 23, 1864, while at Allen, Randolph County, Mo., in command of a detachment of forty men from this post, I was attacked by guerrillas, commanded by Bill Anderson, with nearly double my force. The attack was repelled without the loss of any men, but with the loss of 9 Government horses (killed) and 7 horses belonging to citizens, which had been pressed for the expedition. On the following day, at Huntsville, Randolph County, Mo., a second attack was made on my command, in which 3 Government horses were killed or lost and 12 horses of private citizens lost or killed. We also lost 2 men killed-John Nicholls, private, Company A, Forty-sixth Regiment Missouri State Militia, and John Daniels, private (blacksmith), of Company H, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. KNAPP,

Second Lieutenant Company G, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

War Department, Washington, D. C.

JULY 23-OCTOBER 10, 1864.-Expedition to Southwestern New Mexico.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith for the information of the department commander a report of the expedition recently under my command, organized pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, dated July 21, 1864, as auxiliary to, but independent of, the Apache Expedition under Colonel E. A. Rigg, to scout the southwestern part of New Mexico, southeast border of Arizona and along the boundary line between the United States and Mexico, for Indians, in which section of country it was currently believe many Apaches lived, and to which it was supposed others had fled in consequence of the campaign against them north of the Gila River, and to examine this country with regard to its mineral, agricultural, and pastural resources, as well as for military purposes.

Leaving Santa Fe July 23, I proceeded directly to Las Cruces, N. Mex., and Franklin, Tex., and made upon Colonel G. W. Bowie, commanding District of Arizona, and Major William McCleave, district quartermaster, requisitions for troops, employees, supplies, transportation, &amp;c., necessary to organize and fit out the expedition, which were promptly and satisfactorily met. The entire force was comprised of detachments which came from San Elizario and Franklin, Tex., from Las Cruces and Camp Mimbres, N. Mex., consisting of the following detail, viz: Captain J. H. Whitlock and thirty-two

