
enlisted men of his company (F), Fifth California Volunteers; Second Lieutenant R. Hudson, Fifth California Volunteers, and thirty-five enlisted men of Company B, same regiment; Second Lieutenant J. F. Hutchinson, First California Cavalry (acting assistant quartermaster and assistant commissary of subsistence), and sixteen enlisted men of Companies A, F, G, and M, same regiment; Asst. Surg. J. Q. Adams, U. S. Volunteers; citizen employees as teamsters, herders, guides, &amp;c., which assembled at Fort Cummings, Cook's Springs, August 5, and on the following day took up its line of march en route as follows: South to the Florida Mountains; thence south-southeast to the Ojos los Adjuntos (Palamos Springs); thence west-northwest to Carrizalillo Spring; thence nearly south to Mosquito Springs; thence south-southwest to Alamo Hueco Mountains, and to the springs of the same name on the west side of this range. Here the wagons with a guard, under Lieutenant Hutchinson, remained in camp, and two detachments with pack animals were organized. With one under Lieutenant Hudson I proceeded north to and along the west slope of Hatchet Mountain to the north end, and ascended this mountain, while Captain Whitlock and Doctor Adams with the other detachment proceeded west-northwest to, crossed the Sierra de las Animas Mountains to the west side of this range and to its north end, and on the sixth day these detachments assembled at the wagon camp, moved fifteen miles southwest from Alamo Hueco Spring as previously ordered. From here with Captain Whitlock and a detachment I proceeded to the La Sierra de los Espuelos (Spur Mountains), fourteenth miles distant, nearly southwest. After returning to camp the entire command moved south-southwest to La Sierra de la Media (Middle Mountain); thence nearly southeast to Palotada River. From here with Lieutenant Hutchinson and a small detachment, leaving the remainder of the force in camp, I proceeded, accompanied by Don Juan M. Zubiran, nearly south nine miles to Janos, and thence to Corralitos to obtain supplies, a competent guide, and procure information respecting Indians and the country in this vicinity.

Dos Jose Maria Zuloago, the proprietor of the fine hacienda of Corralitos (many leagues of land in addition, three silver mines being actively worked), is a gentleman of education, intelligence, and refinement, and gave us a friendly reception. He cheerfully furnished the supplies required, together with much interesting information relative to the Apache Indians and that section of country. It is with pleasure, as well as from a sense of duty and justice to Mr. Zuloago, that I state the complaints made against him of selling powder and lead to Indians are, to the best of my belief, without foundation in fact, and were made upon incorrect representations. Having almost absolute authority and jurisdiction over this part of the State of Chihuahua, he not only does not sell these articles to Indians, but strictly prohibits, so far as he is able so to do, others from selling them. It is for his interest, and he is anxious to have the hostile Apaches subdued or exterminated, since his losses from their predatory raids and the expense incurred from constantly keeping armed a large number of men incident to their hostility, to protect his mines, trains, and stock, amount, as I was informed, to several thousand dollars annually. He expresses himself desirous of co-operating, so far as he is able, with the department commander of New Mexico in such measures as will subdue this savage and hostile nation of Apaches.

Don Juan M. Zubiran, who had accompanied me on the expedition to this point, and besides being a most genial companion, rendered material aid as interpreter, and in obtaining information of interest and

