
value. His services are appreciated. Business demands obliged him to separate from me at this place and return to El Paso, much to my regret.

The convictions I had entertained of the deceptions and treachery of my guide, Julio Garcia, were confirmed by information gleaned here and at Janos. On returning to camp on Janos River, to which point it had been moved as ordered, I found that this culprit guide had deserted. Another guide was employed (the best to be had), but who was imperfectly acquainted with localities I wished to examine. From this camp the entire command moved via Jones down this river, which it followed until near the Boca Grande Mountains, where a wagon camp was established. Lieutenant Hudson, with a detachment, directed to examine these mountains; Lieutenant Hutchinson and two men sent to Fort Cummings and Camp Mimbres for infantry shoes, sole leather for repairing the same, horse and mule shoe nails, &amp;c., while with Captain Whitlock, Doctor Adams, and a detachment I proceeded via this river to Lake Guzman and the El Ojo Caliente, four miles west, via the Alamo Hueco Range, and west-northwest to Sulphur Springs, four miles west of Hatchet Mountain, to which point Lieutenant Hudson had moved, via Mosquito Springs, with the wagons, and Lieutenant Hutchinson returned as directed, Doctor Adams, with a detachment, having proceeded from the river northwest and joined Lieutenant Hudson at the last-named springs.

From Sulphur Springs, with Captain Whitlock and a detachment, I proceeded north eight miles to Agua Hueco Mountains; thence north-northwest along their west slope; crossed through the range to east side, and thence around north end and west to the wagon camp there established as ordered. In the meantime the other portion of the command moved northwest and north-northwest to the Los Ojos Hermosos (Beautiful Springs), whence Lieutenant Hudson with a detachment proceeded to a mountain range north of La Sierra de las Animas; after which he moved as stated to last-named camp. Several days of wet weather, including one very heavy rain-storm, had rendered the ground soft and miry, and the rations on hand being only sufficient to take my command to the nearest military post, I proceeded thence east via Carrizalillo Spring, and north-northeast via the Florida Mountains to Fort Cummings, N. Mex,. whence the different detachments were ordered to their proper stations, and I repaired to Santa Fe as directed, arriving on the 10th instant.

The distance marched by the troops comprising this expedition, from the time of leaving their respective stations until returning to the same, was, by daily computation, 1,200 miles. The scout was long, hot, and in many respects a hard and tedious one. All of the mountains mentioned, with their canyon, the intermediate plains or valleys, and water localities, with Lake Guzman and its adjacent country, were examined and searched for Indians. The ascent of Hatchet Mountain to its crowning pinnacle, the most lofty in this region of country, proved a hot, arduous, and dangerous undertaking. The ascent of other mountains, and nightly examinations of rocky canons, were but little less arduous and difficult. Many night marches were made and every effort taken to surprise Indians at these various places, should any be living or encamped there, but contrary to the general belief and report, this vast section of country, with one excep-

