
tion, was deserted by the wily Apache; that formerly they had occupied it in large numbers, the many hard and well-beaten trails that chequered the plains, threaded the canons, and crossed the mountains in all directions, with the numerous abandoned and dilapidated rancherias, with the numerous abandoned and dilapidated rancherias, containing relics of booty and plunder, gave ample proof. The exception was a band of Indians in Agua Hueco Range, and an occupied rancheria in the mountains last examined by Lieutenant Hudson, which parties I have reason to believe, from the dispositions of my forces previously ordered, would have been surprised and severely chastised but for want of information withheld by my guide, Garcia, his willful falsehoods, unpardonable and base treachery. In this connection I respectfully but urgent request that requisitions be made upon the Governors of Chihuahua and Sonora for the apprehension and surrender to the military authorities of the United States of this culprit and traitor, that he may be tried and punished.

The cause of the abandonment of this section of country by the Apache may be its general dryness, the absence of stock on which to depredate, but is principally due to the moral terror with which the American soldier with their "long arms" have inspired him, and the fear of being killed or captured, owing to the vigorous and successful war which has been prosecuted against the Apaches and Navajos in small parties, remaining with their families a short time only in one place, and then generally upon high mountain or hill ranges distant. At the rancherias occupied as stated the Indians barely escaped us, fleeing through the mountains in various directions, which we examined as they were pursued. One only was killed so far as known.

Every assistance, with the fatigues and privations of the campaign, was cheerfully rendered and borne by officers and men in the desire to accomplish the objects of the expedition.

An almost unlimited extent of fine grazing country was passed over, sufficiently well watered to supply the wants of stock, and large areas of good arable land, being of an argillaceous, argillo-arenaceous, but more generally of an alluvial character, and, from the absence of running water for the purpose of irrigation, is indifferently adapted to cultivation. There is good supply of wood and timber on Hatchet, Las Animas, Los Espuelos, La Media, and Boca Grande Mountains, and some on the Floridas and Alamo Hueco. The mesquite, sage, greese wood, and palm exist in sufficient quantity upon the rolling plains and in the valleys to meet the ordinary wants for firewood. The valleys are separated by the mountain ranges, which bear generally north and south, but some of them have a lateral variation more or less to the east and west. A knowledge of the water localities is of the first importance to one traveling through this section of country, as they necessarily influence the routes taken and the drives or marches made daily. The permanent water consists of living springs, tinajos (rainwater collected in rocky canyons or arroyos), and estanques (water of some character collected in basins in similar localities or in the valley, but in larger volumes). Occasionally running water is found in canyon arroyos.

The following is a brief description of the principal watering places visited on my expedition, to wit: Tinajas east side north end Florida Mountains, in rocky arroyo, easily accessible, and twenty miles from Fort Cummings; water good, wood scarce, grazing fair. Blackberry

