
Spring, ten miles south last water, and east side same range, in mouth of canon, easily accessible; water good, wood sufficient, grazing fair. Tinaja south end same range, three miles up a rough canon, bad of access, and ten miles from last water; water good, of limited quantity, wood and grazing good. Palamos Springs, in valley, being collection of several very large springs or ponds, twenty-four miles from Blackberry Spring; water in some good, in others alkaline; wood scarce, grazing fair. Carrizalillo Spring, in rolling ground near mountain range, twenty-six miles from last springs; water good and abundant, little wood, grazing good. Mosquito Springs, in valley, twenty-four miles from last spring; water excellent, and abundant, wood abundant, grazing ordinary. Estanques in cannons in Alamo Hueco Mountains, sixteen miles from last springs, cannons rough, and high and steep ridges to cross; water, wood, and grazing good. Alamo Hueco Spring, west side, north end of this range, same distance from Mosquito Spring; water good and abundant, wood abundant, and grazing good. Estanques; in grassy arroyo, on plain east of Spur Mountains, fifteen miles from last spring; water abundant and good, wood several miles distant, grazing good, water in holes three miles east. Arroyo Creek,east slope Spur Mountain, fourteen miles from last water, running stream of excellent water; wood abundant, grazing indifferent. Tinaja west side Sierra de la Media, one mile up rough cannon, very difficult of access; water good, wood abundant, grazing good; fourteen miles from last estanques. Paletada River, in valley of rolling plain, seventeen miles from last tinaja; water abundant, in large detached pools, and good, wood abundant, grazing good; this river in high water runs into the Janos River. Hence to the town of Janos, on river of same name, is nine miles. This river sinks in places and after its confluence with the Corralitos River, some four miles east of the town of Janos, preserves the same name; thence to Lake Guzman it generally is a sluggish stream, winding through a very rich bottom of dark, rich soil, but ceases to be a running stream ere reaching the lake. In high water much of the bottom is overflowed. Lake Guzman, when at it, consisted merely of detached pools or lagunas, small in extent, marshy ground, and sloughs, being mouths of Janos River. Ojo Caliente, four miles west, is a large spring, temperature about 120^, impregnated slightly with sulphur and alkaline in taste. Corralitos Valley is rich and productive. Sulphur Springs, consist of four, twenty-five miles from Mosquito Springs, and four miles west of Hatchet Mountain; water excellent, two of the springs being sulphur water, wood abundant, grazing fire. Sycamore Spring, west side north end De las Animas Range, is a large spring producing a creek, and some twenty-four miles from last springs; wood and timber abundant, grazing good, and water excellent; Cook's emigrant road from Cow Spring passes by it. Los Ojos Hermosos, consist of several springs, in the valley between the last named and Agua Hueco range of mountains, and are north twenty-one miles from Sulphur Springs; water excellent, wood sufficient, grazing fair. La Playa, east of these springs, and extending several miles north and south, contained in places some water. Agua Hueco Springs, in range of same name, are twenty-six miles from Carrizalillo Springs; water abundant and excellent, wood abundant, grazing good. Carrizalillo Spring, water abundant and excellent, wood abundant, grazing good; Carrizalillo Spring by the most direct route is thirty miles from Blackberry Spring.

9 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

