
Big Creek, to co-operate with Colonel Brooks. The infantry and artillery crossed Big Creek at 5 a.m. on the 26th, and learned that the rebel General Dobbin was near there in force, having three regiments, estimated at 1,500 men. Colonel Brooks recrossed his command, Dobbin crossing lower down and before him and attacked him in front and on the right flank with vigor. The infantry and artillery held their ground stubbornly for several hours, when Major Carmichael, hearing the cannonading, made a forced march and charged through Dobbin's command just at the moment when he had brought up reserve and was about to make a final charge. Our forces immediately assumed the offensive and marched in the direction of Helena, the enemy giving way before them, but following them up within nine miles of that place. Our loss was about 50 in killed and wounded, including Colonel Brooks,* Captain Lembke,+ Adjutant Pratt,++ and Surgeon Stoddard,* of the Fifty-sixth Colored, killed, and Lieutenant Crane* severely wounded; 1 caisson and 1 limber that were blow up, their horses having been killed. The enemy's loss is estimated by officers who were in the action at about 150 men.

27th, a force of between 1,500 and 2,000 rebels, under General Gano, attacked our outposts seven miles from Fort Smith, consisting of about 200 men of the Sixth Kansas, under command of Captain Mefford,moving up in two columns, the one driving in the pickets and the other flanking them. Captain Mefford fought his men bravely, but was soon overpowered, and he and 82 of his men were taken prisoners. The enemy retired before re-enforcements could be sent. Ten our men were killed and 15 wounded. The enemy lost 12 killed and 20 wounded, left on the field.

Major Galloway, of the First Arkansas Cavalry, routed Major Pickler's and Buck Brown's forces, killing Major Pickler and a number of his men, and capturing 35 horses and mules. Captain Worthington, of the same regiment, subsequently attacked a portion of Brown's force, killing 9 and capturing 15 horses and mules.

29th, Captain Napier, Third Arkansas Cavalry, returned from scout to Greenbrier, having killed the rebel Captain Birr near Red River.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

LEWISBURG, ARK., July 13, 1864-9 p.m.

CAPTAIN: Captain Gill has returned from scout through Perry and Yell Counties; had two fights with Conly's bushwhacking regiment. Run them,killing 5 and wounding 10, bringing in 2 prisoners and 8

---------------

*Of the 56th U. S. Colored Infantry.

+Of Battery E, 2nd U. S. Colored Light Artillery.

++Of the 60th U. S. Colored Infantry.

---------------

