
Besides the water localities above enumerated there are several others of a less permanent character. A portion of the country passed over was of an auriferous and argentiferous character, and from report, as well as the indications exhibited from examination, I have reason to believe that at a future day good gold placers and silver mines will be discovered in this part of New Mexico and profitably worked. Specimens of ore from several localities were secured and brought in. Of what value they will prove tests expected son to be made of them will discover. Our constant movements in search for Indians with the means at hand afforded little time and indifferent facilities for prospecting the mineral localities to much extent. The color was found in one or two instances when a superficial prospect for gold was made.

Should circumstances make it advisable to establish a military post in the southwest portion of New Mexico, I think at or in the vicinity of Sycamore Spring is the point which, from its strategical position relative to Indian movements, and the facilities for obtaining supplies requisite for a post, possesses the best recommendations. Bears, deer, antelope, &amp;c., were seen, and some killed by the men when they were allowed to shoot them. Rattlesnakes innumerable infest the land, visited our camps, struck at use en route in the day, and by their defiant rattles warned us of their presence at night in our silent marches. Tarantulas, centipedes, and scorpions were not unfrequent.

In conclusion I simply add that my command returned in good health and the animals in as good condition as when I received them.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of New Mexico.

JULY 25-26, 1864.-Scout from Fulton, Mo.

Report of Charles D. Ludwig, Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. EIGHTH SUB-DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, OFFICE ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL,Fulton, Mo., July 28, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that on the 25th instant I learned that a gang of bushwhackers visited the house of Dr. J. M. Martin at 12.30 p. m. and demanded the surrender of the United States flag which was floating from the top of the house. I immediately sent out a scout under A. Kempinsky, who caught up with them on the 26th, in the morning, and killed the notorious bushwhacker Captain William Hancock and wounded Frank Ramsey, another leader of bushwhackers, capturing a horse, saddle and bridle, and a revolver. I had the honor to report this already to General Fisk.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. D. LUDWIG,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Prov. March General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

