
No. 4. Report of Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

HUNTERSVILLE, July [9], 1864.

(Received 8.15 a.m. 10th)

CAPTAIN; The scout of one lieutenant and twenty men sent out by me returned last night. They ran into a small party of rebels; killed and wounded 4; took 1 prisoner.

JAS. STUART,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 5. Reports of Captain David H. Wilson, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

BROWNSVILLE, ARK., July 14, 1864-5 p.m.

GENERAL: My camp at Bayou Des Arc was attacked at 4.30 this a.m. by a large force - I should think 800. I went into the fight with 214 men and 7 officer, and came out with 75 men and 5 officers. The attacking party I believe to be Shelby.

Respectfully,

D. H. WILSON,

Captain, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Commanding District.

BROWNSVILLE, July 14, 1864-9.50 p.m.

GENERAL: Yours by telegraph is just at hand. The attack was made on my command at 4.30 this a.m. The attack was made on three sides at the same time. The enemy was dismounted in the front and rear, and mounted on left flank. They must have got into position and made the attack at once, as my dispatch bearer to Brownsville left camp at 4 o'clock and saw nothing of the enemy. I intended to move to Austin this morning and was all ready to start when the attack was made. On the fire of the first gun I ordered my bugler to blow to horse. The Squadrons H, K, and D were pressed so hard by the enemy that they only made out to mount and fall back,and lost largely in men and horses before that could be done. By this time both squadrons were mounted and in line. I ordered them to dismount, to fight on foot, intending to fall back to the bayou, which was about fifty yards in the rear of the two last-named squadrons. As they were dismounting they received volleys from three squadrons of the enemy that had advanced to the north side of the bayou, dismounted and crossed the bayou, and lay under the south bank. I then ordered the two squadrons to mount, and seeing the enemy nearly 'round my right to the bayou and about three squadrons of mounted cavalry morning up on my left, I ordered the two mounted squadrons to break by fours, the left, and charge out between the left of mounted cavalry and the right of the dismounted.

