
distressed condition. I give you his story for what it is worth; it may be true, but is just as likely false. However, I gave this Yanktonais a paper, and sent him back to bring in the Yanktonais to Fort Rice and I would talk with them. I told him I intended to go north after these Indians, but that I would not go there now after what he said; in fact, it was not in my power to go as I had not rations enough.

On the 30th I start down the river. I shall march down some distance, and then turn off toward Devil's Lake, when I shall know if this Indian has told me the truth.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Fort Rice, September 9, 1864.

GENERAL: On my arrival here I received the first communication I have received for two months. I reached here with my staff yesterday, the command to-day. I have not time to address you officially and therefore write in private a short note what I shall say in the proper mode. Captain Fisk, I very much fear, has destroyed all the plans I had made to make a peace with these Indians, and so close this trouble-some and expensive business, for if it is continued it can be made a second Florida war. Why will our Government continue to act so foolishly, sending out emigrant trains at a great expense? Do they know that most of the men that go are persons running away from the draft? They curse and ridicule the expedition and officers in command. fisk, as I am reliably informed, was the loudest talker in this respect; he ridiculed the expedition and particularly me in the loudest terms, and now he sends back word he is corralled about 200 miles west and wants help, as he says, to go forward, for it would be ruinous to him to turn back. But he wishes troops now (he boasted he could go anywhere through the country with fifty men to help him) no matter if it costs the Government any amount and exposed the lives of the men and animals of my command. The Government would have saved money had they bought out the emigrant train I took, and Fisk's, paying them three times the value. They can't go forward on their trail; there is no grass and very little water. Fisk was told of this before he started from here, but he, though he had never been over the country, knew better. "It was a damned trick of the traders; they wanted him to go ninety miles out of his way, by Berthold, to get money out of his men." I have given orders to the commander of the troops I send to his relief, mostly infantry (for most of the horses are too weak to travel), to bring back the troops and advise the emigrants to turn back, for in less than a month we must expect winter here, then if Fisk and his emigrants choose to go ahead let them go.

Lieutenant Smith, Dakota cavalry, commanded the escort which Colonel Dill, contrary to my orders, furnished. This is the same lieutenant that the President dismissed for low, outrageous conduct. Captain Fisk reports him as the bravest of men. He may be. This Lieutenant was sent with a few soldiers back to Fort Rice with the application for relief. This lieutenant reports that there are over 1,000

