
Indians; that Fisk is fortified and is digging for water. The soldiers report differently, as they say the first attack was made on two wagons far in the rear, with ammunition and some arms and seven men, by about sixty Indians. These wagons were captured and six of the men killed, and at no time over 300 Indians were there. This I believe to be the true story, but if they remain there, before long they will have force of Indians enough to clean them out. Should this take place it will put a stop to all hopes of my coming to any settlement this year with the Indians.

About 300 or 400 lodges of Indians of all bands, those who gave themselves up this year and I allowed to go and hunt, are here. Seven of the Yanktonais are with them who report that all the Yanktonais and some Santees are on their way here to see me and make peace. If the Fisk raid don't put a stop to this it will be a great matter. I hope it is true, but have my doubts. You state that the six companies of the First U. S. Volunteers are on their way be steamer. No boat can get up here now. Shall I relieve the Wisconsin troops if they don't come? I can do so. In case these troops do come I will have Brackett's battalion and four small companies of the Seventh Iowa of no use to me this winter. Will you please send orders to me by telegraph.

Yours, with respect,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., September 11, 1864.

SIR: I left Fort Berthold the 1st of September, marched down the Missouri to mouth of Snake Creek. Was glad to get my command away, for I found that whisky there was in abundance. I am told by reliable persons that the Indians had it in their tents for sale. It is said they get it from the English half-breeds, who appear to have control of this country. From the mouth of Snake Creek I struck north toward the Mouse River, and after going in sight of it turned to the southeast to the Maison du Chien Butte, and there encamped. I sent out parties to examine the country, but no recent signs of Indians could be discovered. We found thousands of buffalo, good grass, plenty of water, and some timber - the very country I would go into to hunt for Indians. On top of the butte you have a fine view of the country for over forty miles. I am now satisfied of the truth of so much of the Yanktonais' story that I mentioned in my last letter, as to these Indians seeking safety with their friends in the British possessions. Although I found no recent signs of Indians, I found the country all around cut up by heavy trains of Pembina carts, about a month old, in all directions. One trail looked quite recent, and I was in hopes of capturing some of these scoundrels, but did not succeed. We can never expect to have quiet on this frontier till this unlawful traffic on the part of people from the English possessions is put down. An expedition into their country would have a very beneficial effect. It would show the Indians that they had not a safe refuge, and could no longer be supplied with ammunition by people living under the English flag. They come into our country constantly in parties several hundred strong, well armed and ready to attack or defend themselves, invite

