
our Indians to resist the Government, furnish them with arms and ammunition, and when they are pushed by the troops take care of them over the British line till the troops get out of the way. If we had the troops to remain in this country this could be, in a great measure, stopped in a short time. Not being permitted to follow the Indians north of the line, and having nothing to fight in my own country, I took up my line of march south toward Fort rice. We found the buffalo so thick at some of our camps I had to send out men dismounted as skirmishers to drive them off. A great many were killed in this way, which was lucky, for our fresh meat was about out.

I reached Fort Rice on the evening of the 8th instant; the command arrived next day. I found the post in a fine of progress. The four companies of Colonel Dill's command have done an immense amount of labor in the last two months and have done it well. The post when finished will be one of the best posts in the West. The men complain greatly that working as they do they wear out more clothing than their pay amount to. If I had it in my own power, I would issue them extra clothing; they deserve it. I here met the lodges of Indians of different bands who took no part int he war, and by my permission went on a hunt, under charge of fifty of their soldiers that I appoint from the different tribes of Indians to keep order int heir camp. Giving them a uniform, they appeared to be proud of their position. They also tell me they think all the Yanktonais will come in before long and make peace; I hope it may be true. I here learned that Captain Fisk and his emigrant train of 80 or 100 wagons left here about two weeks ago on my trail to go to the Yellowstone; that he reached here under an escort of a company of cavalry. He required an escort from the commanding officer here - Colonel Dill, Thirtieth Wisconsin. The colonel furnished him with an escort of a lieutenant and fifty men, composed of cavalrymen that I had left here, not in good health and poorly mounted. The lieutenant with fourteen men returned the day before I arrived with a letter from Captain Fisk, stating that he was about 200 miles west of here (he had left my trail); he was corralled and fortified, and was surrounded by Indians, and that he must be re-enforced to enable him to go forward, "for to turn back would be ruinous to him." While here he was cautioned against going west on my trail, both on account of the danger to so small a force, and of the very great difficulties of their getting through on account of the country. He laughed and replied that with fifty men he could go anywhere; all he wanted with fifty men, soldiers, was to quiet the fears of the women and children he had with him.

In questioning separately the soldiers who returned I found that not over 300 Indians were there; that they were attacked three days before they made their corral by about sixty Indians, while the train was stretched out on the road, and two wagons, one of which had upset, were about two miles in the rear, with a guard of six soldiers. One of these wagons unfortunately contained arms and ammunition. Six soldiers and two citizens were killed and wagons captured, and one citizen escaped. They had skirmishes after that, and then they corralled. They were burning parts of their wagons and feeding the cattle on bread and flour when the party left; they left in the middle of a stormy night. Fearing, if this emigrant party remained where they were long, the Indians would send out runners and collect a party that would clean them out, and learning that all the party except the captain were anxious to turn back, I thought it my duty to do all in my

