
out tents, and little or no transportation. I, however, had on hand shelter-tents, that were for my use, but did not reach me in time, and I hired a few wagons. They will reach Rice about the 17th. I was much pleased with the appearance of the officers and men. I found that the three head chiefs of the hostile bands, who had been on both the battles this year, had been in at the fort. They acknowledged they had been badly beaten, and felt they were no match for the whites, and wished to know on what terms they could have peace. The commanding officer told them on condition they behaved themselves, and would no longer molest the whites. They went off saying they would go to bring in their principal people. I have forgotten the names of two of these chiefs, but Bear Ribs, and Unkpapa, is one. As I had to go below I left my adjutant-general, Captain Pell, at Fort Sully, to meet them, and to send me word if I was wanted. I shall go to Sioux City, and I think it would be well for me to remain there a few weeks till I can hear from them. My friendly Indians also met me there with the same news "that they had no doubt these Indians would all come in for peace." I think the prospect looks bright for finishing all troubles west of the river, but on this side of the river, the British possessions affording a safe refuge for all evil disposed, may delay matters for a time. If these Indians don't come in before winter sets in, it is not likely they will before early spring, as they will probably make their winter camp far from the troops. I would be glad to hear if the general commanding thinks it best for me to remain at Sioux City until I hear definitely in regard to this matter.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, October 22, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck.

This report of General Sully is valuable and interesting as showing the immediate prospect of settling all Indian difficulties in this department.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel M. Pollock, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH IOWA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Numbers 34, July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of eleven companies of the Sixth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry on the 28th and 29th of July, 1864 (Company K having been left in garrison at Fort Randall, Dak. Ter.), in connection with the battle with the Indians at Tahkahokuty. On the morning of the 28th instant the two brigades took up the line of march

