
from their camp (Numbers 32) and Big Knife River, in a direction west of north. The First Brigade, consisting of the Sixth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, three companies of the Seventh Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, Brackett's Battalion of Minnesota Cavalry, two companies of Dakota cavalry, the Prairie battery, and one company of Indian scouts, being in advance. About 11 a. m. the guides announced that they had discovered Indians in large numbers at a place called Tahkahokuty, directly in our front, and at a distance of but a few miles, as reported by them, but which eventually proved to be at least ten miles away.

The position occupied by the Indians consisted of a ridge of buttes, varying from 400 to 800 feet in height, the sides of which were covered with timber and large rocks. Deep, wooded ravines almost inaccessible to cavalry protected nearly the whole front of these buttes. South of this position were lower ranges of buttes, over which it was necessary to pass to reach the almost impregnable position occupied by the enemy. These lower ranges broken, uneven, and stony.

Upon the announcement of the presence of Indians in our front the line of battle was immediately formed by the general commanding, the Seventh Iowa Volunteer Cavalry being in the center, the Sixth Iowa Cavalry on the right, and the Eighth Minnesota Infantry on the left, the Prairie battery, supported by Company M, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, and the Indian scouts advancing in the interval between the Sixth and Seventh Iowa Cavalry. One battalion, composed of Companies A, G, L, and D, of the Sixth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, was commanded by Captain John Galligan, Company A; one battalion (Companies B, E, and F) by Captain D. C. Cram, Company B; and one battalion (Companies C, H, and I) by Major House. Company G was thrown in advance of the line of skirmishers. Strong parties of Indians came out well mounted (some of them on American horses) and attacked us from eight to ten miles from their position in the bluffs. Six companies, viz, A, C, D, H, I, and L, were dismounted and deployed as skirmishers on the right, Company G dismounted and skirmishing in the advance, three companies (B, E, and F) remaining mounted, and used as a reserve, under command of Captain D. C. Cram. after advancing and skirmishing about three miles the Indians gathered in large numbers on and near a high butte in front of our left. The Prairie battery took position, and after firing a few rounds dislodged and scattered them. We continued to advance for about two miles farther, constantly skirmishing and driving the enemy before us, when they again massed in large numbers on our right front. A part of the Minnesota battery, supported by Company E, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, was placed in position on our right, and after a few rounds scattered them, they moving still farther to our right near the high bluffs which extended some distance in that direction. A charge was here made upon them by Brackett's Battalion of Minnesota Cavalry, and they were again driven more to our front, gradually falling back to their strongest position in the range of bluffs before indicated. Our line continued to advance, but by direction of the general commanding was not to move in advance of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry on our left, but was to present a connected and continuous line. We were delayed for an hour or more awaiting the advance of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry.

The artillery and cavalry were thrown toward, on the right and left, driving the enemy up in the bluffs. Our line again advanced and reached and took possession of the bluffs about sunset, the artillery having shelled the enemy from their shelter in the woods and behind

