
the rocks on the sides of the bluffs in our front. But one casualty occurred in the regiment: one man in Company M, Sixth Iowa Cavalry was severely but not dangerously wounded. The day was excessively hot. The men were dismounted and carrying their arms and ammunition (weighing about twenty-five pounds), and the Indians being well mounted, were able generally to move out of the range of our rifles. It is impossible to give with any degree of certainty the number of Indians killed; many, however, were seen to fall from their horses, and several were known to have been killed. We encamped about two miles north of the battle-field, and the next morning started in pursuit of the Indians toward the Little Missouri River, but after marching about two hours were obliged to turn back, having found it impossible to move any farther with wagons in that direction. Upon returning to the battle-field four companies were detailed to destroy property taken from the Indians. A vast amount of property consisting of lodges, poles, and dried meat was destroyed. Both officers and men behaved well throughout.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. POLLOCK,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixth Iowa Cavalry Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Northwestern Indian Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH IOWA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Numbers -, August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 8th instant the Sixth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry moved from the camp on the Little Missouri River into the position assigned it as the right column of the First Brigade of the Northwestern Indian Expedition. Immediately after moving into position, and before crossing the river, Indians in large numbers were seen in front and on the right and left of the column; heavy firing was also heard in front. My command was immediately moved forward, closing up tot he rear of the Second Brigade, which was that day in advance. I dismounted Companies D and L, deploying them as skirmishers on the right of the column. On the range of high buttes running along the right of the deep ravine through which the column and train were obliged to advance, parties of Indians appeared continually on the flanks, but finding no part of the train unguarded kept most mostly out of range of our guns. In this manner we continued to advance for about four miles until we approached two high buttes dislodged by the troops in the advance. The train with the brigade in advance was recalled here and troops stationed on the heights. While the advance had moved forward to secure a position in front, the troops stationed on the heights on the right flank were relieved by Companies C and I, of my command. A part of Company M was also left as a support to a piece placed in position on the right flank of the column by Captain Pope from his battery. The column again moved forward, large numbers of Indians appearing on the flanks and passing around the rear, only coming within range of our carbines occasionally, generally secreting themselves when within range in ravines and behind buttes. The rear was frequently threatened, but

