
nothing more than skirmishing took place there. The command continued to march in this manner until about 5 p. m., when we arrived at a small lake where we were ordered to bivouac.

We were allowed but a short rest, however, the Indians appearing in large numbers suddenly, covering the buttes in every direction and entirely surrounding the command. Companies A, C, E, G, I, and L were immediately moved out on foot to support the pickets; except coming near enough to exchange a few shots no direct attack was made. Private Alfred J. Nicholson, Company H (which company formed a part of the rear guard), while in rear of his company a few yards, was wounded in the hip by an arrow, inflicting a flesh wound, not dangerous. No other casualties occurred during the day. six or eight Indians are believed to have been killed during the day, but being on the flank and in rear of the column, no definite statement can be made. Companies A and H were on guard during the night. Companies C, D, F, and L were placed directly in rear of the pickets and near them as a support in case of an attack. The remainder of the regiment slept on their arms. At daybreak on the morning of the 9th Indians in large numbers were discovered occupying the buttes around camp, and particularly in front. Large numbers of them were gathered on every butte or hill near our camp. A hurried meal was soon dispatched and the First Brigade moved in position as the advance brigade. The Indians were gradually moving nearer camp and had already exchanged several shots with the pickets, becoming very insolent and taking possession of every position in our front that would afford them any protection from the artillery. Company C was dismounted, and Company I mounted, were moved forward as a part of the advance guard. One battalion, Companies A, D, G, and L (Captain John Galligan, Company A, acting major) were now dismounted and moved in front of the right of the brigade as skirmishers. I was then ordered to move forward and drive the Indians from the front and take possession of two high buttes about one mile in advance and which were covered with Indians. the command was given and the six companies last named moved forward at double-quick time, driving the Indians from the buttes and ravines, scattering them wherever they attempted to make a stand, and continuing at this pace made a charge of over two miles in a very few minutes without halting. I was here halted by orders of the general commanding until the column and train came up. The Indians evidently not expecting so rapid an advance, were dismayed and disheartened, and fleeing in every direction disappeared almost entirely from our front, the few remaining keeping at a respectful distance and giving us no farther opportunity of engaging them. No casualties occurred during the day, although several bodies of Indians were closely engaged, but were mostly surprised in ravines, and were to much alarmed to fire with any certain aim, and the only damage received from their fire was the loss of two horses in Company I. Thirteen Indians were known to have been killed, and a number of others were seen to fall, many of them being placed on ponies and carried away by their comrades. Both officers and men behaved well during the entire engagement.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. POLLOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Northwestern Indian Expedition.

