
They did so, fighting their way out. The enemy did not show but very little disposition to pursue. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 129 men and 2 officers; also my team and ambulance.

I am, respectfully,

D. H. WILSON,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

General CARR.

No. 6. Reports of Brigadier General Napoleon B. Buford, U. S. Army, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Helena, Ark., July 26, 1864.

SIR: In order to ascertain the force and design of the enemy, yesterday at 4 p.m. I sent out a reconnoitering party of 280 of the Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, eighty of the Sixtieth, and one section of Lembke's colored battery, all under the command of Colonel W. S. Brooks, of the Fifty-sixth, with orders to cross Big Creek at Wallace's Ferry,and co-operate with Major Carmichael, of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, who left at the same time with 150 men of his regiment, dropping down in a steamer below Old Town, and marching to Simms' Ferry, on Big Creek, to pass through Trenton,and co-operate with Colonel Brooks. All moved as was designed. The infantry and artillery crossed Big Creek at 5 this a.m. and learned that Colonel a.m. and learned that Colonel Dobbin was near there in force with three regiments estimated at 1,500 men. Brooks recrossed, Dobbin crossing lower down before him and attacking him in front and on his right flank with vigor. The assault was bravely resisted for three and a half hours against this great odds,when Major Carmichael,who heard the cannonading,recrossed Big Creek to this side and made a forced march, arriving at the critical moment, when Dobbin had marshaled his reserve and was about to make a final charge on our exhausted forces. Colonel Brooks, Captain Lembke, Adjutant Pratt, and Surgeon Stoddard had been killed, and Lieutenant Crane severely wounded. Carmichael charged right through Dobbin and at once changed the fortune of the day,our forces immediately assuming the offensive and marched homeward, the enemy giving way before them, but following up within nine miles of this place. The whole force returned in high spirits, having successfully combated more than three times their number,and leaving only about 50 killed and wounded, with a very slight loss of baggage, and one caisson and one limber that were blown up, owing to their horses having been killed. The colored troops fought like veterans, none flinched. Major Carmichael ne his decision and energetic efforts saved the day. All the troops deserve praise. Major Carmichael captured 4 prisoners, from whom I learn that but for this reconnaissance Dobbin would have attacked the plantations below this place at daybreak to-morrow, and that Shelby is in force on the Spring place at daybreak to-morrow, and that Shelby is in force on the Spring Creek road, and it was expected that Dobbin would draw me out with a large part of my command, when Shelby would attack the batteries from the hills. I will soon make you more detailed reports of the exact losses. All the officers estimate the enemy's loss at about 150 killed and wounded. The artillery was nobly served by its brave commander, who has given his life to his country. In the loss of Colonel Brooks

