
Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Pattee, Seventh Iowa Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION, SEVENTH IOWA CAVALRY,NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,

Camp Numbers 36, August 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 28th of July, 1864, the command broke camp on a branch of Knife River at an early hour and marched in a northwestern direction. My battalion was marching in rear of the left column of the First Brigade. At about 10 a. m. information was brought in by the guides that a large body of Indians had been discovered a few miles directly in our front. I was ordered to move my men to the head of the left column. After marching a short distance the Indians appeared in large numbers in front, and I was ordered to dismount my men and deploy them in front as skirmishers. My formation was in the center, the Sixth Iowa Cavalry being on my right and the Eighth Minnesota on the left. As soon as the formation was completed the whole line commenced advancing, and after marching from one and a half to two miles a still larger number of Indians could be seen maneuvering on the base of a large and abrupt range of wooded hills a few miles in front. they soon advanced to meet our line, which continued steadily to advance, and a scattering fire was commenced, the first volley being fired at an Indian who appeared in front brandishing a war club and apparently directing the movements of the others, this being the opening fire of the fight. The fire then became general and continued with intervals along our whole line. Although my men had never before been under fire, they continued to advance steadily and deliberately and met and repelled the charges made by the Indians from time to time with great firmness and composure.

The advance continued in this way about one hour when the Eighth Minnesota, being severely pressed, fell back, leaving my left entirely unsupported and a large break in the line. This I attempted to obviate for some time by extending my intervals and allowing my left to bend slightly to the rear, until a battery and its supports taking up their position on our left, I reformed my line and continued to advance. At this time a battery with its support took up its position on our left and a force of cavalry on the right, and advancing in front of our line drove the Indians out of our reach, when we ceased firing and followed in rear of the cavalry to the foot of the bluffs.

The whole fight lasted about six hours, during which time the Indians were driven a distance of about ten miles.

It is to be regretted that because of the nature of the ground and the Indian way of fighting much of our fire was wasted. The ground over which we advanced was very uneven, and the Indians would gather behind knolls and in ravines on our front and fire upon us and scatter away on their swift-footed ponies.

Too much praise cannot be given to officers and men of my command for the calm bearing and good judgment evinced upon all occasions and under all circumstances.

My troops took no part in any action on the 29th. As to casualties I am happy to state that I lost no men either in killed or wounded.

JOHN PATTEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Iowa Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

