
Numbers 5. Reports of Major Alfred B. Brackett, Brackett's Minnesota Battalion Cavalry.
HDQRS. BRACKETT'S MINNESOTA BATTALION,NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,

Camp Numbers 36, August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part I took with my command in the action with hostile Indians on July 28, 1864:

I was first ordered to move in column on the right, which I did. Subsequently i received orders to support the line of skirmishers in advance, which I did by bringing Companies B and C in line with Companies A and D as support. I moved int hat order some three miles when, finding the enemy massing in considerable force and attacking my right, I engaged them with Company B dismounted, at the same time asking and receiving permission of you to charge them with saber. I immediately gave the order to Captain E. Y. Shelley, of Company C, to charge them with his company, which order he executed and followed up in a manner highly creditable to himself and those under him. The charge resulted in the killing of 13 Indians found on the field and entirely routing the balance. Finding the enemy forming in large numbers on my left and front I rallied my whole command and found it necessary to dismount them, as I was being severely annoyed from ravines and thickets impracticable for horse. After severe skirmishing, drove the enemy to the base of a high hill, where I met with a strong opposition, they being in strong force on its summit. I finally succeeded in taking possession of the hill, which I held, driving the enemy far beyond. The nature of the ground in front rendering it impracticable to pursue farther at that time, I rejoined your command with my battalion.

In the charge Sergt. George W. Northrup, of Company C, fell, after receiving eight or ten wounds, one of which pierced him through the heart. Horatio N. Austin, of Company D, was also killed while skirmishing. My loss during the day was 2 killed and 8 wounded. I also lost 22 horses, punishing the enemy by killing 27 found dead on the field afterward, besides quite a number that were seen to have been carried off by them.

I take pleasure, general, in saying that my officers and men displayed an amount of courage, coolness, and skill worthy of veterans that they are.

I am, general, with profound respect, your to command,

A. B. BRACKETT,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. BRACKETT'S MINNESOTA BATTALION,NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,

Camp Numbers 46, August 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the 8th and 9th of August instant:

On the 8th instant my battalion, in the usual order of march, had the left division of the First Brigade. Having received orders early in the

11 R R - VOL XLI, PT I

