
day to maintain this position and cover the train, I moved throughout the day with great caution, sending out small parties on foot as flankers whenever the nature of the ground required such precaution. At one time the enemy seemed to be massing for an attack upon my rear company, but a few volleys from the dismounted flankers caused them to retreat. No casualties occurred during the day. On the 9th instant I received orders to proceed to the front with Company C of my battalion and one section of the prairie battery, under command of Captain Pope, which order I carried into execution at once. Dismounting two platoons and deploying them as skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Neely, I ordered Captain Shelley with the remainder of the company to support the battery. The enemy could be seen in great numbers on every side, and seemed determined to resist our progress, but the excellent practice of Captain Pope's howitzers dispersed them with loss and frustrated every attempt to rally for an attack. A running fight was kept up until about 2 p. m., when the Indians disappeared. From the nature of the ground and the distance which the savages maintained, I am unable to estimate their loss, which must have been heavy. the remaining three companies of my battalion marched in the usual order on the left of the First Brigade, under command of Captain Barton, of Company D. Early in the day they were much annoyed by the Indians, and some severe skirmishing ensued. One man of Company D becoming separated from his command had his horse wounded by a bullet, but escaped, after killing or severely wounding 2 Indians. No other loss was sustained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. BRACKETT,

Major, Commanding Brackett's Minnesota Battalion.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Nelson Miner, First Battalion Dakota Cavalry.

NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,

Camp Numbers 36, August 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in the battle of the 28th of July, 1864, my command was held in reserve for a time in rear of the battery of the First Brigade until a space occurred in the skirmishers on the left between the Eighth Minnesota Infantry and Seventh Iowa Cavalry, when I was sent with Company A, of my command, to occupy said space. When, after driving the Indians for some two miles, a large quantity of Indians appeared on the hill in front of us, when we charged up the hill and fired several volleys at short range, with good effect, when Captain Pope with his battery, Company B, of my command, Company M, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, and the Nebraska scouts, came promptly to my support, which caused the Indians to retreat. I them, with Company A, Dakota cavalry, passed to the left of a hill, which was in our front, when the battery, with Company B, of my command, went to the right, when after a little skirmishing the Indians went up the mountains, which were in front of the command. We then halted and soon after returned and camped with the rest of

