
the command on the battle-field. At an early hour next morning, after ascertaining that it was impossible to follow the Indians farther with any prospect of success, I went to the Indian camp with both companies of my command, in accordance with orders, for the purpose of destroying the property of said Indians, and although several other companies were at work destroying the property of the Indians, my two companies destroyed some 700 skin lodges, a large quantity of buffalo robes, camp equipage, and provisions.

The casualties in my command was only 1 soldier, of Company A, slightly wounded. In conclusion, I beg leave to state that in my opinion great wisdom was displayed in the conducting of said battle by our most worthy general.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

NELSON MINER,

Captain, Commanding Dakota Cavalry.

Brigadier General ALFRED SULLY,

Commanding Expedition.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Christian Stufft, Independent Company of Indian Scouts.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT COMPANY OF INDIAN SCOUTS,August 2, 1864.

According to the circular requesting commanders of regiments, battalions, and companies to hand in an official report of their positions in action on 28th and 29th of July, 1864, I give the following statements:

The position awarded me when line of battle was first formed was in rear of Captain Pope's battery of artillery to support the battery, which position I held until after passing around the high butte on the left, where the Indians had made a strong stand,d riving them from the butte down toward their camp on double-quick, frequently halted by Captain Pope while he would send them a few shells. When arriving near the foot of the hill Captain Pope ordered me to go ahead deployed as skirmishers, so that he should not be surprised by parties secreted in ravines. When arriving near a point of timber before us a bold party of warriors came dashing at us; the captain ordered me to halt, which order was obeyed. The captain sent them a few shells, scattering them in every direction; the captain then desired to get a position on a point some distance to the left, where he intended to shell the timber; my position was then on the right; gained the point without any difficulty; only few Indians made their appearance, whom we drove back by few rounds with carbines. The captain then shelled the timber short time; he then desired to gain another point still farther to the left; he then ordered me to march my company by file near the timber ont he right; when we reached the point, as I was getting my company into line, and the captain planting his pieces, the Indians fired on us, killing one of my horses and wounding another. I immediately ordered the men to dismount, every fourth man holding horses, and made a charge on the enemy, firing into the dense thicket, killing 2 Indians and wounding 1, which my Winnebago boys afterward killed, scalped, and beheaded. I then returned to the battery, marched some distance

