
to the left, where we remained until ordered into camp. My officers and men behaved bravely; on 29th marched with headquarters First Brigade, having no action.

C. STUFFT,

Captain, Commanding Independent Company of Indian Scouts.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION.

Numbers 8. Reports of Captain Nathaniel Pope, Prairie Battery.
HEADQUARTERS PRAIRIE BATTERY,Camp on Heart River, August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in the late fight with Indians at Tahkahokuty, on Thursday, July 28, I was ordered to take position with my battery in advance and fifty yards in rear of the line of skirmishers in front, with orders to fire when I got within range. I advanced slowly to within about 900 yards of the Indians, when I ran one piece forward in front of the skirmish line and fired three rounds of spherical case-shot, killing five or six and wounding several Indians. I was then ordered to move to the left, with instructions to head them off and drive them toward the right. I advanced at a full run, supported by four companies of cavalry, sending one section of the battery and two companies of cavalry on each side of the high butte to the left of our line of battle, wheeling and firing as often as I got within range. The line of skirmishers was a mile in rear of the battery. We succeeded in clearing the knolls on the left and driving the Indians into the ravines under the mountains. I shelled them out of there and forced them into the hills where it was impossible to follow with either artillery to get the battery on top the hills, but unfortunately did not succeed in finding a road.

It is impossible to say how many Indians were killed in this movement as the dead were carried off as soon as they fell; but from what I saw and from information since received, I think the number will not fall below 30 killed and wounded; my loss was nothing.

Great praise is due the detailed men on duty with the Prairie battery for their coolness and prompt obedience of orders;and it may not be improper here to mention Captains Miner's and Tripp's companies of Dakota cavalry, Captain Williams' company of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry, and the Nebraska scouts, who gave me all the assistance in their power and were very efficient.

I am, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

NATH. POPE,

Captain, Commanding Prairie Battery.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRAIRIE BATTERY,Camp Numbers 46, Yellowstone River, August 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 8th instant, after crossing the Little Missouri River, when the advance

