
became engaged with the Indians, I was ordered to post two pieces of artillery in the rear, one on each flank, to protect the wagon train, and hold one section in reserve. I took possession of the knolls on each flank as the column advanced, holding them until the rear came up. The Indians appeared in force in the rear, but did not come within range of my guns. Toward evening they showed themselves about 200 strong on the right flank. I masked two pieces behind a knoll and waited until the rear guard closed up. The Indians discovered the trick, however, and I did not get but two shots at long range, doing no damage. When camp was made I was posted on a ridge to the left of headquarters with one piece on a high knoll commanding the ravines on the left. On the morning of the 9th instant I was ordered to report to Captain Jones, of the Third Minnesota Battery, with one section, and to send one section to the rear to report to Lieutenant ---, of Captain Jones' battery. The Indians made their appearance in force on all sides, and about 10 a. m. I was ordered to report to Major Brackett, of Brackett's battalion, who was in advance on the left. We discovered the Indians massing behind some large buttes on the left, evidently preparing to make a charge. We moved forward at a double-quick, shelling them out of the ravines and driving them from their position, when they swung rapidly around to the front. We advanced slowly, firing as often as we came within range, keeping ahead of the line of skirmishers until about 4 p. m. The Indians having disappeared we were ordered to take position in the column. I fired nothing but shrapnel shot at very long range, and as the Indians always carried off their killed and wounded as soon as they fell, I cannot say how many were killed in this movement.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATH. POPE,

Captain, Commanding Prairie Battery.

Captain JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Colonel Minor T. Thomas, Eighth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Numbers 36, August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report in relation to the operations of my command during the 28th and 29th of July last:

At 11 a. m. I received notice that the Indian camp was found, and my brigade was ordered from the rear to the left of the First Brigade, and also to direct Captain Jones, Third Minnesota Battery, to report to the brigadier-general commanding, which was promptly done, and advance the command in column, Company K, Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, having the advance as skirmishers. After advancing about two miles, six companies of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers commanding, were dismounted and deployed to the front, on the left of the First Brigade, at three paces intervals. The Second Minnesota Cavalry were held in reserve, marching in column of squadrons, at half distance, 100 paces in the rear of the line on the left. After advancing about one mile a light five was commenced on

