
the enemy, who began to appear in large numbers in front, and rapidly passed to the left flank and rear. The left of the Eighth Minnesota was thrown slightly to the rear, and two companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry dismounted and deployed still farther to the left in that direction. At this time large numbers of Indians were passing in that direction, and attacked the rear guard of the main train, which was promptly repulsed by the guard, which consisted of Companies B and D, Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, and Company B, Second Minnesota Cavalry, and a shell from Lieutenant Whipple's 6-pounder. At this time Colonel McLaren, with two more companies of his regiment, were sent tot he front immediately on the left of the Eighth Regiment, when they were dismounted and took possession of a range of sharp hills, which was rapidly done by a sharp skirmish. At this point the left of the whole line was halted and the right thrown forward. After a few minutes the whole line advanced in the same direction, the whole brigade moving as rapidly as possible, much of the time on the run over broken ground, the firing being kept up briskly and with good effect. After advancing about two miles the miserable enemy rapidly retired. The Second Cavalry was mounted and pushed rapidly forward, and the Eighth Regiment closed to the right by companies, and the whole line closed on the enemy's abandoned camp, which was a splendid position for defense. After arriving in the camp four companies of the Eighth Regiment were sent forward to escort Captain Jones' battery to the front for the purpose of shelling a ravine containing water. These companies, under Major Camp, being deployed, advanced through the ravine and ascended the steep hills rapidly, and, in a lively skirmish, drove the rear guard of the enemy from the sight of camp. At dusk the command was withdrawn a short distance to the left and bivouacked for the night. At an early hour in the morning of the 29th the brigade took the advance to the left, searching for a passage after the Indians over the immense hill. After advancing five or six miles the attempt was abandoned, as the ground was so broken that it was impossible to proceed. The command them countermarched and returned to the Indian camp, where Colonel McLaren, with four companies of his regiment, three companies of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, and a large portion of the First Brigade, worked with a will for six hours, destroying the abandoned property belonging to the camp of 1,600 lodges. Late in the afternoon the return march was resumed, and we again encamped on the battle-ground. At dusk two of the pickets, members of Company D, Second Minnesota Cavalry, were surprised and killed by a small party of Indians, which is the only casualty of consequence which occurred in the command during the engagement.

The complete success of our force was owing to the self-possession and bravery of both officers and men, the superiority of their arms, their skill in handling them, and the ready and cheerful obedience to all orders.

It is unless to mention individuals when the whole command did their duty so well. I take pleasure in recommending them to the brigadier-general commanding the expedition as good and faithful soldiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain J. H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

