HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Numbers 49, August 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the battles of the 8th and 9th instant with the Sioux:

The brigade being in advance, the guard, crossing of Company D, Eighth Minnesota Cavalry, and Company H, Second Minnesota Cavalry, and Company C, Second Minnesota Cavalry, as flankers, were placed under command of Major Rose, Second Minnesota Cavalry, who was ordered to advance cautiously up through the dry bed of a creek from the Little Missouri River, where the road had been constructed the day previous. The Eighth Minnesota Volunteers were directed to follow the advance guard, placing four companies on each flank moving by the flank to the front, the remaining four companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry to follow the Eighth Regiment. One half of the guard and other troops were dismounted and thrown forward and out on the flanks. The Third Minnesota Battery, leading the train, advanced up the ravine about 800 yards in the rear of the advance guard. After advancing about three miles the scouts were suddenly driven back upon the guard, and the front and flanks were attacked by large bodies of Indians charging upon the line. The steadiness of the troops drove them back, and the section of 6-pounders of the Third Minnesota Battery being brought to the front soon cleared the ground for another advance. The section of howitzers were placed on the flanks to protect the train while it was being parked. The train having all closed up. Our next advance was unmolested for three or four miles, when the train was halted and watered at a small pond, which afterward was used for the whole command to encamp for the night. About 2 p. m. (the fight having commenced at 7 a. m.) the savages again appeared in front, and the troops were thrown rapidly forward to meet them, a portion of the Eighth Regiment on the right, the 6-pounders in the center to support the advance guard, and portions of the Second Cavalry and Eighth Regiment on the left, the howitzer section and two or three companies protecting the train.

The troops continued to advance for three or four miles, having many lively skirmishes, and were withdrawn at dusk, having inflicted a loss to the enemy of at least 150 warriors and many horses, and of our own troops but 8 soldiers and 1 guide were injured. The courage and steadiness of our men and the range of their arms were too much for the splendid horsemanship and wily dashes of their cowardly opposers. The troops were bivouacked on their arms a hundred paces outside the camp after a thirteen hours' fight.

The action on the 9th consisted in repelling an attack on the rear, which lasted for about three hours, and was done in a handsome and spirited manner, the rear guard being supported by the section of howitzers, with no damage to our side, but a considerable loss to the enemy.

During the engagements the officers and men of the whole command behaved splendidly, their only anxiety being to get nearer the savages, who outnumbered them at least three to one. Soldiers who have acted so well need no special praise.

