
Hoping the general commanding is satisfied with the operations of the command, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain J. H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MINNESOTA BRIGADE,NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,

Camp on 89, Fort Ridgely, Minn., October 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Minnesota or Second Brigade of the Northwestern Indian Expedition, ordered from this district to join Brigadier-General Sully ont he Mississippi River:

The force, consisting of the Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, mounted, six companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry Volunteers, one section of 6-pounder smooth bore guns, and one section of 12-pounder mountain howitzers, all brass pieces, a corps of forty-five scouts, with a train of ninety-three six mule teams and twelve ambulances, was rendezvoused at this camp on the 1st day of June, 1864, and took up the line of march on the 6th of June, with thirty days' rations, via the Minnesota and Intpah rivers and Captain Sully's trail, to Goose Nest Lake on the Minnesota Coteau; from thence to the James River below the mouth of Elm River; from thence to the headwater of said river, at the foot of the Mississippi Coteau; across it to the Bois Cache creek and done to Swan lake Creek, which we struck at a point seven miles from the Missouri River, and joined General Sully's command on the 30th day of June, having marched 332 miles.

July 4, marched for Long Lake River; arrived on the 8th; ninety-nine miles. Opposite this point General Sully located Fort Rice. The whole command crossed the river on steam-boats and prepared for a campaign against the Indians, which consumed eleven days. Leaving Fort Rice on the 19th of July, marching up the Cannon Ball River for five days, nearly a west course, thence one day's march north to the Heart River, 110 miles. At this point the main train, with 125 Idaho emigrant wagons that had followed us from Minnesota, were corralled, and, taking six days' rations in light wagons, started north in search of the Indian camp, reported to be on Knife River. On the third day after crossing Knife River we arrived in sight of the enemy's camp, located on a plateau, or succession of rough land, with great rugged buttes overhanging it. The position for defense and safety could not have been better, being protected in front by almost impassable wooded ravines, and in rear, as soon as the hills were ascended through narrow chasms, they were safe from pursuit, except from dismounted men or the equally active Indian ponies belonging to the enemy. For particulars of the engagement please refer to my official report to Brigadier-General Sully, of the date of July 28 and 29. Returned to Heart River July 30, having marched in six days 172 miles, and fought the battle of Tahkahokuty.

Starting from this point August 3, we reached the Little Missouri River August 7, eighty-three miles and a half. At this point the Indians again made their appearance, and made some slight offensive

