
demonstrations, which were easily quieted. The country for sixteen miles before reaching the river had been of the most terrible and indescribable character, and continued so for twenty miles beyond.

On the morning of the 8th of August, in making an egress from the river bottom, the battle of the Little Missouri, or "The hills that look at each other," commenced and was fought during that and the succeeding day. (A report of the operations of the brigade during the battles of that date inclosed.)*

From the best information it has been ascertained that the Indians that were first encountered at Tahkahokuty had been largely re-enforced by other banks and returned war parties, and certainly felt confident, with the advantages of position (which could not have been better chosen by an enemy), of an easy victory. It certainly was the largest body of Indians ever assembled on the American continent to fight a battle. The Minnesota brigade having the advance in the battle of the 8th instant, had the honor to encountering this immense horde, and fighting nearly all of them through the day, whipping and driving them about twelve miles. Commencing at 7 a. m., the first was continued until dark of a long summer day, without water, and the thermometer at 110 degrees in the shade. Over buttes, through ravines, rocks, and stones, the wild yells and rapid dashes of the savages, the troops pressed forward with a courage and untiring enemy that rapidly overcame all obstacles, and night closed the wild wake, and the men laid down on their arms in line of battle, eager for the morning's light, to again commence the work of death.

Hundreds of the savages lay along the hill-side and ravines. Our loss was but 7 wounded, and a few horses. The Indian shotguns and bows and arrows were no match for the accurate aim and long range of our rifles and carbines, and when the artillery sent shell into their assemblies on the hills and into their retreats in ravines, the cowardly rascals soon learned that they were no march for soldiers that had come 1,000 miles to fight them.

During the 9th instant they entirely disappeared, and our march was continued to the Yellowstone River, over a country almost devoid of water or grass, and two-thirds rations for the men, a distance of 104 miles.

Two small steam-boats met us at this point with rations for the men, and one ration of corn for the animals, and transported our baggage across the river, the trains and horses fording through water running very rapid and so deep that many of them had to swim.

From the 14th to 18th of August was consumed in marching to the Missouri, thirty-two miles, which was crossed by swimming the animals, and on the 21st marched for Fort Berthold, where we arrived on the 28th, 140 miles. A large portion of the distance the grasshoppers had eaten up all vegetation except willows and the very coarsest bottom grass. Marched from Fort Berthold, August 30, to Maison du Chien, hoping to find the Yanktonais that had crossed from the west side of the Missouri, after their last defeat, and also the Minnesota bands. Being unable to find them, turned southward and reached Fort Rice, September 9, having marched 163 miles.

On the return of the command to Fort Rice, we learned that Captain Fisk's Idaho expedition was surrounded and required assistance to save it from destruction. By order of Brigadier-General Sully I detailed 200 men of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, dismounted, and 100 of the

---------------

*See p. 167.

---------------

