
the army and the country will mourn a brave and gallant officer. The other officers who were killed died at the post of duty, leaving behind them spotless reputations. I again earnestly call General Steele's attention to the smallness of my cavalry artillery force. But for this reconnaissance I should have had my hands full to-morrow. What may it bring forth?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Helena, Ark., July 26, 1864.

DEAR SIR: Soon after my dispatch of this date left, I learned by my returning force that my troops, instead of disaster,made a glorious fight. The colored infantry, 360, and one section of colored artillery, all under the command of Colonel W. S. Brooks, Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, crossed Big Creek at 5 a.m., and learning the enemy were in force recrossed, and were attacked by Colonel Dobbin with three mounted regiments on the front and right. The assault was bravely resisted for three hours and a half, when Major Carmichael, commanding 150 men of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, who had crossed Big Creek at a point seven miles below the infantry, hearing the artillery, made a forced march, recrossed the creek, and came in to the relief of the infantry, just as they were being overpowered. Dobbin had a full regiment of his reserves brought forward to make a final charge on our exhausted forces, Colonel Brooks, Captain Lembke, of the artillery, Adjutant Pratt, and Lieutenant Crane having fallen, the first three killed and the latter severely wounded,and having lost about eighty killed and wounded, when Major Carmichael charged through his lines and turned the fortune of the day. Our forces returned here in good order, bringing off the killed officers and all the wounded, with very light loss of baggage. Surgeon Stoddard, of the Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, was killed in the act of examining the mortal wound of his brave colonel. The officers report the enemy suffered the loss of at least 150 killed and wounded. All the command have returned in fine spirits, only morning the gallant dead. Major Carmichael captured four prisoners, from whom I learn that it was the design of Dobbin to have overrun the leased plantation to-morrow at dawn and draw me out,and that Shelby's force are marching on me by the Spring Creek road. If this is true, except for this reconnaissance I would have had my hands full to-morrow morning. All the country are in arms. If you send me re-enforcements I shall march out and try to clear the country of the enemy. The colored troops, 280 of the Fifty-sixth, eighty of the Sixteenth,and Lembke's battery,have won great credit.

I am, your friend and obedient servant,N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General C. C. Washburn,

Commanding District of West Tennessee.

2 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

