
Second Minnesota Cavalry, mounted, with a full complement of officers, as part of the relieving force, and having been relieved from duty with the Northwestern Indian Expedition started for Fort Wadsworth, September 15; marched by way of Long Lake, crossing the James River a few miles below the Bone Hills, and reaching the fort September 26; distance, 206 miles.

Having been directed to relieve the battalion of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry at this post, Major Rose, with Companies B, C, D, and H, Second Minnesota Cavalry, was detached for that purpose.

Major Clowney's battalion, on being relieved, joined the command, marching in the 29th September and reaching this post October 8, four months and three days after our departure. In that time we have marched 1,625 miles.

The behavior of both officers and men has been all that could be desired; their cheerful obedience to all orders, prompt and energetic execution of duty, their patient endurance on long and trying marches, and their bravery and irresistible fighting qualities, have not only endeared them to the hearts of their superior officers but stamped them as true and disciplined soldiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Rogers, Eighth Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Numbers 36, August 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th of July last my regiment took up the line of march at 4 a. m., and after marching about seventeen miles arrived in sight of the enemy's camp, some ten miles distant, where the disposition of battle was made, my regiment occupying the following position: Company B, Captain Pettit, forming a part of the rear guard; Company D, Captain McLarty, with his company deployed as flankers on the right flank of the command, which position was occupied by them until the commencement of the battle, when they assembled and remained in the rear of the train as a support to the rear guard. Company C occupied a position as support to Captain Jones, of the Third Minnesota Battery. Company K was advanced to the front and deployed as skirmishers, covering the front of the Second Brigade. The remaining companies of my regiment, consisting of Companies A, E, F, G, H, and I, were placed in position on the right flank of the Second Brigade and parallel to the First Brigade. In this position we commenced to advance toward the enemy's camp. At about 11 a. m., and in obedience to orders from Colonel Thomas, commanding Second Brigade, I dismounted the six companies above mentioned, leaving the horses in charge of every fourth man, and the whole of the troops in charge of the led horses, under the command of Major Camp. With

