
the remainder of the six companies, consisting of about 325 men, I advanced to the front and formed a line of battle on the right of the Second Brigade. I was then ordered to deploy my regiment to the left as skirmishers, three paces apart, and advance upon the enemy, which order was promptly obeyed. After advancing steadily for about three miles with but little opposition, the enemy falling back as we advanced, he made a threatening movement by turning my left flank near by among the bluffs, and passed in large numbers to my rear. I then ordered Lieutenant Tibbetts, Company A, with twenty-five men, to take a position on the bluffs covering our left, which order was promptly obeyed, but he was soon after relieved by order of Colonel Thomas, and again resumed his place in the order of battle. From this point my command continued to advance steadily, driving the enemy before them, until within a short distance of the enemy's camp, which he had abandoned, when I was ordered to close by company on the right of skirmishers, and remount my command, after which I advanced to the abandoned camp of the enemy, where we arrived about 6 p. m. of that day. I was then ordered to dismount four companies and take possession of the hill in front, to cover the advance of the Third Minnesota Battery. In obedience to said order I dismounted Companies E, F, H, and I, and placed them under command of Major Camp, with orders to advance and take possession of the bluffs in front, which order was promptly obeyed. The report of Major Camp is herewith submitted. I remained with the remaining companies of my command in possession of the camp abandoned by the enemy until the return of Major Camp at dusk, when I marched with my regiment moved with the command, and, upon the return to camp, I was ordered to detail three companies to assist in destroying the provisions, stores, and camp equipage abandoned by the enemy in their hasty flight. In obedience to said order, I directed Companies B, E, and F, under the command of Captain Pettit, to proceed to the camp abandoned by the enemy and assist in destroying said stores. After this had been accomplished the command again took up the line of march and went in camp about 6 p. m., my regiment occupying the left of the Second Brigade. At about dusk our pickets were fired upon by the enemy, and I was ordered by Colonel Thomas to throw my regiment in line of battle around the camp, joining with the Second Cavalry on the right and left, which was done promptly. We remained in this position for nearly two hours, when we were relieved and ordered to return to camp, [and] the men instructed to sleep on their arms.

During the battle of the 28th of July some 25 of the enemy were seen to fall in front of my regiment, but they were carried away by their friends. The number killed, including those reported by Major Camp, could not have been less than 25 or 30, and a much larger number wounded. With the exception of 1 horse in Company K wounded, there were no casualties in my regiment. I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the promptness with which every order was obeyed by the officers and soldiers of my command. Where all did their duty it is unnecessary to particularize.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Minnesota, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BUTTERFIELD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

