
Numbers 11. Report of Major George A. Camp, Eighth Minnesota Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Numbers 36, August 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th of July last, in obedience to the order of Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers, I took command of Companies E, I, F, and H, of my regiment, at 6 p. m., at the camp abandoned by the enemy, and advanced to the front, covering Captain Jones' Third Minnesota Battery, and deployed them to the right as skirmishers, and then advanced up the side of the bluff without opposition until we arrived near its top, where the enemy attempted to check our advance with a force of from 250 to 300 warriors. But the steady advance and prompt fire of my men soon drive them from their strong position, with a loss upon their part of some 12 killed and a large number wounded. I then occupied the bluff with my command until I received orders from Brigadier-General Sully to return to camp, which order I obeyed, reporting to Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers at my place of advance about dusk.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. CAMP,

Major Eighth Minnesota Volunteers.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Robert N. McLaren, Second Minnesota Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MINNESOTA CAVALRY,July 29, 1864.

I have the honor most respectfully to report that, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 62, headquarters Northwestern Indian Expedition, Camp Numbers 34, July 29, 1864, I proceeded to the Indian camp with four companies of Second Minnesota Cavalry, Major Rice commanding, and two companies of Dakota cavalry, Captain Miner commanding; four companies of the Sixth Iowa and three companies Eighth Minnesota Infantry, under Major Camp. On arriving at the camp a few straggling Indians were seen lurking about the bluffs. I immediately dismounted and deployed Company G, Second Minnesota Cavalry, who skirmished through the timber and remained in a position to protect the working parties. I commenced by disposing of the various forces so as to destroy with the least delay the vast quantities of goods left in the timber and ravines adjacent to the camp. The men gathered into heaps and burned tons of dried buffalo meat packed in buffalo skin cases, great quantities of died berries, buffalo robes, tanned buffalo, elk, and antelope skins, household utensils, such as brass and copper kettles, mess pans, &amp;c., riding saddles, dray poles for ponies and dogs.

Finding that one day was too short a time to make the destruction complete, I ordered the men to gather only the lodge poles in heaps and burn them, and then deployed the men and fired the woods in every direction; the destruction was thus complete, and everywhere was manifest the rapid flight of the Indians, leaving everything, even their dogs and colts tied to the pickets. In skirmishing the timber

