
which no preparations had been made, for at the time of leaving the fort I placed little credence in the reputed murders - to abandon further pursuit, and to return to the fort, where the detachment arrived at 12 m. of this day, having in forty hours marched a distance of eighty miles, and with horses that have had not a mouthful of grain for a months, and nothing but grass ont he march which they plucked at various points where we were compelled to halt. With good horses and two more days' provisions I feel satisfied that I could have overtaken the savages and destroyed the whole of them, twenty-one in number. These Indians were all naked excepting a breech clout, as Mr. Dean informed me before his death. The murdered men all resided in Saint Cloud and leave families to mourn their untimely death. I will give you further details of this bloody outrage by the next mail. This will reach you be a special messenger who leaves here on furlough to-morrow morning. I have put the various detachments of this command in the very best possible condition of efficiency, and if attacked by the Indians or can get within striking distance of them will give a good account of themselves. Nothing shall be left undone that energy and vigilance can accomplish.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Independent Battalion Minnesota Vol. Cav.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota.

JULY 26, 1864.- Attack on Shelbina, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 26, 1864.

COLONEL: I have just received intelligence that the rebels, nearly 500 strong, entered Shelbina to-day; tore up the railroad track, burned two trains of cars, and caused much other destruction. I move the First Iowa eastward to-morrow morning from Cameron and ascertain extent of damage. the storm is upon us in its furry, and every loyal man in this district must spring to arms and put this thing down quickly. As nearly as I can judge we have near there 3,000 well armed and mounted veteran rebels this side the river. Is there an abundance of arms at Saint Louis?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

JULY 26-28, 1864.- Scout to Searcy and West Point, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, July 28, 1864-4.30 p. m.

CAPTAIN: Captain Williams, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, returned this noon from scout to Searcy and West Point. There was no force near

