
Searcy. After entering West Point and destroying the machinery of mill there a detachment of his scouts, consisting of two commissioned officers and eighteen men, while waiting at a house for the main command was surprised by a party of rebels numbering about sixty, under command of Rayborne, who were dressed in Federal uniform principally. Our men were ordered by their captain [not] to fire. Shots were, however, exchanged. One of our men was killed; 2 of the enemy were killed. Two commissioned officers and 16 men are still missing; three arrived at Brownsville this morning. Captain Williams also destroyed the machinery of a mill at Searcy. From a citizen brought from Searcy by Captain Williams I learn that Shelby was at Pickett's, half way between Augusta and Jacksonport, last Sunday; his main force was on that (east) side of the river then. It was reported there was to be a move on Monday, but the citizen is sure his force has not yet crossed to the west side of White River. It would seem that the only force now directly north of here is a company or two of men doing scouting and picket duty from West Point down to Des Arc. Captain Williams brought in twelve colored recruits. He thinks the most of the missing men will yet come in.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 26-31, 1864.- Scout in Johnson County, Mo.

Report of Captain William B. Ballew, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP GROVER,

Near Warrensburg, Mo., July 31, 1864.

MAJOR: In pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers -, issued by commanding officer of the camp, placing me in command of scouting party consisting of twenty-nine enlisted men of Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, on the 26th instant, I have the honor to report the result as follows:

I left camp near Warrensburg on the evening of the 26th instant in a southwest direction, which led me on to what is known as the west prong of Post Oak Creek. I proceeded up that creek to the head of the same. I then turned and came back several miles, and then went up what is known as the little prong of Post Oak to Chilhowee. I found one camp of the guerrillas just evacuated on the west prong of Post Oak. I suppose they left, hearing our approach; they scattered in every direction, one and two together. I followed different trails of them as long as I could through the brush. Two of the same squad, I suppose, crossed a prairie east of chilhowee and entered the brush on Clear Fork. We followed these two last-mentioned bushwhackers into Clear Fork brush and lost their trail. I then proceeded down Clear Fork, which ran in a northerly direction, to where it empties into Blackwater. Near its mouth I found a trail of from eight to fifteen, I suppose. This squad seemed to stay together and was going in an eastward direction. My guide said they were in the direction for Walnut Creek. From thence I proceeded up Blackwater to this station. I found some fresh sign on Blackwater; all seemed to be going down

