
the creek. I thoroughly scoured the region of country through which I passed, not having traveled more than twenty-five miles of my trip in a road; distance traveled, 150 miles in all. I learned, however, from a lady that there had been seen three strange men in her field on the 29th instant, the day before we passed down the creek. The lady lives about six miles south of Knobnoster on Clear Fork, but we could not find them or their trail.

I have the honor, major, to remain, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BALLEW,

Captain Co. K, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cav., Commanding Scout.

Major T. W. HOUTS,

Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Camp.

JULY 27-28, 1864.- Skirmishes on the Blackwater River (27th), and on Big Creek, Mo. (28th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Captain Melville U. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: A corporal and four men of Company G, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, while hunting a stray horse on Blackwater on the 28th were attacked by Dick Yeager, with about twenty men; a running fight ensued in which 2 guerrillas were killed, and Yeager severely wounded. No casualties on our side.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain Melville U. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HOLDEN, July 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Corporal Hisey, Company G, with four men, while hunting stray horse, were attacked day before yesterday evening, on Blackwater, by Dick Yeager and twenty men; drove the guerrillas into the brush, after severely wounding Yeager, and made good their escape. Have just returned from Big Creek, after running fight all day yesterday with a squad of Yeager's men; killed 2. Yeager's band is scattered into small squads over this country.

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

