
HOLDEN, MO., July 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report marches, scouts, &amp;c., of troops under my command for ten days ending July 31, 1864:

July 22, having learned that bushwhackers were in the habit of visiting the church at Columbus during service, proceeded with Lieutenants Pharis and Christian with twenty men of both companies; found no rebels, however; returned; traveled twenty miles. July 27, Corporal Hisey, with four men, Company G, while hunting stray horse on Blackwater, eight miles from camp, were attacked by Yeager and twenty men. The corporal and his little squad stood their ground bravely, and drove the rebels to brush, severely wounding Yeager himself, and capturing 1 horse; returned to camp; no one hurt; traveled twenty miles. July 28, sent Sergeant Allen and twenty men, Company C, to mouth of Panther Creek on Big Creek, with instructions to drive down; proceeded myself with Lieutenant Marr and twenty men to Lincoln Ford on Big Creek, to wait till the sergeant drove the bushmen down. The sergeant started about twenty, said to be Yeager's men, early in the morning; drove them easily. They missed me a short distance. I learned of the affair and found their trail, overtook Company C, who were still after the rebels, pushed them hard and overtook them near Mrs. Pemberton's, and after a smart skirmish killed 2 and wounded 4; lost no one. Captured 3 horses, 2 saddles and bridles, and 1 revolver; one of the horses captured was so badly wounded as to be unable to travel, and was therefore left in the neighborhood; lost 1 horse shot, and 1 horse and equipments; the men having been dismounted the horses escaped in the charge. I would respectfully ask permission to replace horses lost by those captured; traveled fifty miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. N. PENNOCK,

Adjt. Seventh Regiment Cav. Mo. State Mil., Warrensburg, Mo.

JULY 27-30, 1864.- Scout in Chariton County, Mo., with skirmishes (30th) on the Chariton Road, near Keytesville, and at Union Church.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Captain Joseph Stanley, Thirty-fifth Infantry, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 2, 1864.

COLONEL: Lieutenant Benecke and forty-four men, of Captain Stanley's militia company, stationed at Keytesville, Chariton county, attacked Holtzclaw's marauders in the forks of the Chariton, on Saturday morning last, killing four of them. The fight was a spirited one. Six of the Thornton guerrillas were killed yesterday.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

12 R R - VOL XLI, PT I

