
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Joseph Stanley, Thirty-fifth Infantry, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. CO. B., THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Keytesville, Mo., July 30, 1864.

DEAR SIR: There is and has been for several days a band of Confederate troops in this county east of Chariton River, near 300 strong, under Colonel C. D. Holtzclaw. He has recruited many in forks of Chariton. I have been scouting several days endeavoring to locate them. While I was laboring to get re-enforcements on 28th instant, Colonel William E. Moberly sent to my support seventy men under Captain Brawner. Captain Brawner said his men would fight bushwhackers, but he did not know that they would fight Confederate soldiers, and as the bushwhackers had Confederate flag I did not chose to lead such men into battle. B. Owen, first lieutenant of Captain Brawner's company, said some of his men would aid bushwhackers by giving them all information they could. Yesterday I received a dispatch from Holtzclaw explaining his course as one not of choice, but carrying out instructions from Confederate Government. He directed me to constrain my troops or he would be compelled to put to death Union men and radicals.

2 p. m., just received a dispatch from my first lieutenant, who left here this morning with forty-five men. He engaged seventy-five rebels whilst at dinner, killing 4, capturing 4 pistols, and driving the whole mess from grub to the brush. One of our boys wounded.

2.30 o'clock, Captain Brackman arrived with seventy men. He will be in chase soon. It is now we need uniforms. Please forward uniforms as soon as possible and oblige,

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH STANLEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

P. S. - GENERAL: Price, of Captain Bucksath's command, had an interview with Holtzclaw yesterday. Holtzclaw agreed to leave the county in three days if not disturbed. Hope I have spoiled the trade.

J. STANLEY,

Captain.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK.
HDQRS. CO. B., THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Keytesville, Mo., August 2, 1864.

DEAR SIR: On the 30th of July I directed First Lieutenant Louis Benecke, with forty-three men, to proceed to Union Church, near Moses Hurt's, in the forks of Chariton, to search for guerrillas, which I knew were somewhere in that vicinity. Lieutenant Benecke reports when at the church he discovered trail, which he followed at a brisk gait, and, when nearing Nathaniel Butler's residence, twelve miles east of this, pickets were discovered running in toward Butler's house, where there was a band of seventy-five bushwhackers under command of Holtzclaw and Jackson just in the act of taking breakfast. They were charged upon at once and supplied with Federal pepper. They flew to horse in great haste and confusion. They were completely routed, but soon formed and charged, but were repulsed with loss. They rallied again and again, but were repulsed at every point. The enemy's loss reported 4 killed and not less than 12 wounded, amongst whom was

