
Captain Jackson, severely. One of their horses left dead on the battle-ground. Our loss 1 horse mortally wounded, 1 man slightly. After the battle was over we picked up 4 revolvers and several shotguns and blankets and coats and 1 horse. We then proceeded to Glasgow for re-enforcements. We then proceeded to search for camp, but in vain. Arrived in quarters at Keytesville Sunday eve, July 31, since which time I have not heard of Holtzclaw's or Jackson's men, excepting six or seven who returned to Captain Bucksath's company, which they had left only a few days before fight. They report Holtzclaw conscripted them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH STANLEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.

JULY 28, 1864.- Skirmish on Morgan's Ferry Road, near Morganza, La.

Report of Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army.

MORGANZA, July 29, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m.)

GENERAL: From sources which I think are reliable I have learned that a movement on this place by the rebels had commenced ont he 14th instant, but has since been abandoned, and that the enemy are now moving toward Black River to obtain subsistence. A portion of them have also gone to Arkansas. This information I deem entitled to credit. I sent out an expedition yesterday, under General Ullmann, on the Morgan's Ferry road. Met the enemy about 200 strong, had a skirmish and scattered them, killing 5, capturing 2, and wounding others. Lost 2 men killed, a few wounded, among the latter, Colonel Chrysler, rather severely in the neck. Our force pushed on to the Atchafalaya. The enemy had three guns in position on the opposite side, and a camp apparently of 150 cavalry. Could do nothing with our artillery on account of the high ground and sharpshooting. In a day or two I shall organize a force to break up their camp effectually, if possible.

M. K. LAWLER.

JULY 29, 1864.- Affair at Highland Stockade, near Baton Rouge, La.

Report of Brigadier General William P. Benton, U. S. Army.

BATON ROUGE, July 29, 1864-8.15 p. m.

CAPTAIN: Two men of the Fourteenth New York Cavalry, at Highland Stockade, while on picket this a. m., were shot and severely wounded by the rebels. There were three men and a corporal at the post that was attacked, two of the men making their escape unhurt with the loss of their horses, arms, and accouterments, the corporal and remaining man being shot.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

