
[Indorsement.]

JULY 30, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the general commanding for information.

The Highland Stockade is garrisoned by six companies Fourteenth New York Cavalry, per last report from that district. Inspectors are now making a thorough overhauling of the affairs at Baton Rouge.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JULY 29, 1864.- Skirmishes near Napoleonville, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Hasbrouck Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, commanding Post of Napoleonville, La.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

THIBODEAUX, July 30, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

CAPTAIN: Our pickets between Paincourtville and Lake Natchez were attacked last night by two parties of rebels, one of thirty and one of twenty-six men; they were repulsed, the enemy losing 1 killed and 3 wounded, 1 horse killed and 2 captured, and 15 muskets and shotguns. They are rumored to have in reserve at Grand Bayou a considerable force with four pieces of artillery. I have ordered Colonel Davis, at Napoleonville, to push them with his whole available force, and to drive them across Grand River. I am holding the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry and a section of artillery ready here if he needs re-enforcements. As soon as I hear anything of importance from Colonel Davis I will telegraph.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans.

(Copy to Major General B. Drake, assistant adjutant-general.)

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

July 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the general commanding Department of the Gulf for information. General Cameron has been telegraphed in reply that his measures for overtaking the enemy are approved. Whatever force of the enemy he may have in his front there are two objects always to be fulfilled: First, to capture or destroy the enemy; second, to hold on to the Bayou La Fourche. The second condition will not prevent a cavalry dash to the Grand river if he judiciously disposes his forces. Indeed the two objects to be fulfilled admit of a beautiful combination,

