
County, near Offet's Knob, at which point I arrived at daybreak on the morning of July 30. After feeding and resting my men and horses a short time I moved in the direction of the headwaters of Honey Creek, it being to the northeast, and near Wagon Knob. The country between the point last mentioned is heavily skirted with brush. While passing through this country I dismounted a portion of my command and deployed right and left, and made a thorough search, and found a vacated rebel camp two miles east of the Widow Rennick's, the only discovery of importance in said brush. From Wagon Knob I moved to the northwest in the direction of Chapel Hill. On arriving near the Hill I discovered a band of fifteen or twenty bushwhackers, one mile and a half south of that place, in a grove. I deployed my command so as to cover the grove, and then made a charge on them; killed 1 man and wounded another; captured 2 horses, 3 double-barrel shotguns, 1 single-barrel shotgun, and 1 common rifle. I ordered the arms to be broken. I scouted the country over for five of six miles south and west of Chapel Hill; found a few scattering rebels; fired a few shots, but to no effect, after which I returned to camp, by way of Holden, Mo., August 2, 1864, without the loss of either man or horse, traveling a distance of 100 miles.

ELISHA HORN,

First Lieutenant Company K, Seventh Missouri State Mil. Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding Camp.

JULY 30, 1864.- Skirmish at Hay Station Numbers 3 near Brownsville, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Stephens, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry.

BROWNSVILLE, July 30, 1864.

Hay Station, Numbers 3, garrisoned by my men, was attacked this morning about 9 o'clock, by about 200 rebels. They were, however, repulsed, with a loss of 1 killed and a number wounded. No casualties on our side, except some of the citizens taken prisoners, and about 18 or 20 horses stampeded during the fight. They went toward the Bluff. Look out for your stock grazing on the prairie.

JOHN W. STEPHENS,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers.

General ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff.

JULY 30, 1864.- Skirmish near Pine Bluff, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Lieutenant James E. Teale, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Adam W. Hill, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant James E. Teale, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 29th of July, 1864, I was detailed to take charge of an escort of forty men from my regi-

