
ment to go out and repair the telegraph wire between this place and Little Rock. I found the wire cut about sixteen miles from this place and so much of it carried away that we did not have sufficient wire to repair the break. I proceeded on to the cross-roads, about four miles beyond and twenty miles from this place, where we camped for the night. Started on the next morning just before daybreak and went three miles farther to what is called the Half-Way House. I then returned to the place where the wire was down, we having picked up wire to repair the break, after which continued on the return, stopping once or twice to take up the wire where it was too low. When about ten miles from this place the advance guard, under Sergeant Gibson, Company M, who being unacquainted with his duties, and disregarding the instructions I had given him not to lose sight of the column, got so far ahead as to be out of hearing, crossed a bayou and went ont o a house some three-quarters of a mile beyond, where he halted, placed out two sentinels, and allowed the rest of his men to dismount, hitch their horses, and go for water. Sergeant Gibson was informed by a woman living at the house where he stopped, that the enemy had been seen near there in large numbers about two hours before, and believed that they were still near. The advance guard had been halted about fifteen or twenty minutes when they were fired upon by the enemy from each end of the lane in which they were halted. I was at that time about 500 or 600 yards from the bayou. I immediately ordered the men tog et their carbines ready and to gallop. When about fifty yards from the bridge where the road crosses the bayou [we] were suddenly fired upon by a large force of the enemy concealed in the brush and from across the bayou. I ordered the men to fire and come on. Only two men crossed the bridge with me; the others broke into the brush and scattered. I attempted to return to the other side of the bayou, was cut off and pursued into the woods for a long distance, finally making my way back to this place, and reporting the circumstances at the headquarters of the regiment and post. Major Behlendorff, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, was sent out with 100 men from his regiment; also Captain Norris and Brown, Lieutenant Hill, Bailey, Temple, and myself, with others that I do not remember. Major Behlendorff went to the bayou where the attack was made. The bodies of Sergeant Martin, Company M, and a private of Company I, were found. the body of Sergeant Martin was stripped. There were also 2 wounded and 8 missing, 3 of whom have since returned. The detachment remained in that vicinity something like two hours, keeping out guards in every direction. An unoccupied house was burned near the bayou. I cannot say who set the house on fire, as I did not observe it till the flames were bursting out of the roof. I heard no orders given to burn houses, nor any threats made that there would be any burned, neither did I hear any officer encourage the men in any acts of destruction or violence, except against the armed enemy. As far as I could observe, Major Behlendorff used every exertion to preserve order and discipline in his command, and was very watchful to guard against being surprised. The men were kept almost constantly in line; mounted or standing to horse. I did not see or hear of any other houses being burned that day. The detachment arrived back at this place about 10 p. m. of the same day.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TEALE,

Second Lieutenant, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

