
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Adam W. Hill, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAV,. VOLS.,Post of Pine Bluff, Ark., October 20, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your request to give you a written statement of my observations in regard to the telegraph escort that started from this place July 29, 1864, I beg leave to state the following:

That in the afternoon of July 29 an escort consisting of forty men, commanded by Lieutenant Teale, of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, started from this place; that about 3 o'clock next day (July 30) word was brought to this regiment (I think by Lieutenant Teale) that the party was attacked by a large force of the enemy at the bridge nine or ten miles from here on the telegraph line. A portion of this regiment, under command of Major Behlendorff, immediately started out to re-enforce our men. We arrived at the bridge about one hour before sunset. The enemy had left the vicinity. We found two men dead on the battle ground, whom we placed in an ambulance and started back. About half an hour before starting Captain Norris, with some ten or fifteen men, was ordered back by Major Behlendorff, with directions to stop at the house about half a mile this side the bridge (where on our advance was found one of our wounded men of the telegraph escort) and give the inmates of the house five minutes to get out with their most valuable effects and then to set fire to the house. Our column moved forward and when within about 400 yards of the house Major Behlendorff observed, "Why is not that house burning, as I ordered?" He then moved rapidly forward. I accompanied him, as I was acting as his aide-de-camp on that occasion. Captain Norris apologized for disobeying orders, stating that the wounded man was well cared for and that the family professed to be friends of the Union and its advocates. The major rode in to the yard and conversed with the family a few minutes. I did not hear the conversation, but heard the major observe to the family when leaving that they had better move as soon as possible and go to their southern brethren. A few minutes afterward I, and I think the entire force, observed the house in our rear a few hundred yards on fire. It created considerable light. I was with the major at the time. He made no observations about the fire, and I supposed the house was set on fire by the rear guard, in obedience to Major Behlendorff's order. I saw no other house burned on that road.

I have the honor to be, adjutant, your obedient servant,

A. W. HILL,

Lieutenant Company M, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry Vols.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 30, 1864.- Reoccupation of Brownsville, Tex., by the Confederate Forces.

Report of Captain James H. Fry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Fort Brown, August 4, 1864.

By direction of the colonel commanding I have the honor to report that upon his arrival at this place on the 30th ultimo he found Major

