
Cave in command of a party of citizens in quiet possession of the town of Brownsville.

The scouting party mentioned in Colonel Ford's last communication as having been sent below has returned. Captain Robinson, of Giddings' battalion, who was in charge of party, came up with the enemy's rear about fifteen miles below Brownsville, and after a vigorous attack succeeded in driving it back upon the main body, killing 2 of the enemy and capturing 2 prisoners.

You will find inclosed documents, marked A, which are copies of original orders picked up in the office lately occupied by General Herron.*

Pickets and scouting parties are kept well to the front, and every means is used to watch and harass the retiring enemy.

Colonel Ford has been sick for several days, and he is not sufficiently recovered for active duty. He desires me to say that he will make you a full report of operations so soon as his strength will admit of it.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. FRY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain W. G. TOBIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus.

JULY 30 - AUGUST 1, 1864.- Scout in Phelps and Maries Counties, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Charles Adamson, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY A, SECOND WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Rolla, Mo., August 1, 1864.

In accordance with orders received from Colonel A. Sigel, commanding Post of Rolla, I started July 30 with a scout of thirty men from the Second Wisconsin Cavalry. I divided my command into three parts, one taking the Vienna road, another the Lane's Prairie road, myself the Dillon road; scouted the by-roads and country thoroughly for several miles. heard no reports of disturbance by guerrillas. Command rejoined and camped for the night at Dillon. July 31, divided my men as before; started at daylight, one party taking country between Vienna and Lane's Prairie roads; another the country immediately east; myself taking the Borbeus Bottoms, still farther east. We traveled mostly on by-roads and in the brush. Heard of guerrillas being on the Vienna road and on Spring Creek three days before. Camped for the night on the outskirts of the prairie. Arrested one man on suspicion. August 1, started at daylight; divided my command as before, one party taking the Vienna road, another the Spring Creek, and myself the country near the Gasconade River. Heard the same reports as before stated. Command rejoined at Dyer's farm, five miles from Rolla, and reported in to my command at 3 p. m., and delivered my prisoner to provost-marshal.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES ADAMSON,

Lieutenant Company A, Commanding Scout.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Post of Rolla.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

