
AUGUST 1, 1864.- Scout to Baxter Springs, Kans., with skirmish.

Report of Colonel John D. Allen, Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PROV. Regiment ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Mount Vernon, Mo., August 1, 1864.

ADJUTANT: In pursuance of orders from these headquarters Captain Sutherland, together with Captains Roberts and Ritchey, with eighty men, made a scout in the direction of Baxter Springs. In about ten miles of the springs they came upon Captains Taylor and Marchbanks, with about thirty men. After a few shots they completely routed the enemy, killing some 5 or 6 and wounding several others. After pursuing them some ten or twelve miles south, making no farther discovery, they returned without any loss on our part.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Prov. Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

P. S.- Old One-Eyed Davis, of Greene County, was among the killed.

Lieutenant W. B. ALLEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.

AUGUST 1-3, 1864.- Scout on the Independence Road to Gunter's Mills, Mo.

Report of Captain Ezra W. Kingsbury, Second Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS COMPANY I,Pleasant Hill, Mo., August 4, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance of orders dated August 1, 1864, headquarters battalion, Pleasant Hill, Mo., I have the honor to report that I left this station at 2 a. m. with a detachment of seventy men, from Companies F, G, I, K, and L, arriving at Gunter's at 12.30 p. m; found the guerrillas in small squads east of the Independence road; ascertained that Todd and seven men had ordered breakfast at Hackett's, but did not remain to eat it; scouted the brush thoroughly in that vicinity; found fresh trails in every direction; they scattered as soon as pursued. Scouted the country east of the Independence road for seven hours; could not find the enemy. At 4 p. m. struck west; crossed the Blue at the Raytown crossing; found no trail; recrossed the Blue; went southwest up the Blue; scouted the timber south and west of Gunter's Mills, south of Gunter's. At 6.30 p. m. sent twenty men on foot into the brush in front of Gunter's. They remained in that vicinity until 9 p. m.; could find no signs of the enemy; returned to this station at 1 o'clock on the 3rd instant.

E. W. KINGSBURY,

Captain Company I, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Major J. NELSON SMITH.

