
AUGUST 1-5, 1864.- Scout on the Smoky Hill Fork, Kans.

Report of Captain Henry Booth, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY L, ELEVENTH KANSAS VOL. CAVALRY,Salina, Kans., August 5, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 6, dated headquarters Department of Kansas, at Fort Larned, July 31, 1864, extract III, I proceeded with my battalion, consisting of a detachment of cavalry from Company H, Seventh Iowa, Second Lieutenant ellsworth in command; a detachment from Company L, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Second Lieutenant William Booth in command; a detachment from the Fourteenth Kansas State Militia, and detachment from the Fifteenth Kansas State Militia, numbering in all ninety-two men, in a northerly direction. We camped at night on Ash Creek, about nine miles from Fort Larned. August 1, we broke camp early and proceeded in a northerly direction toward the Smoky Hill. After marching about ten miles we reached Walnut Creek, upon which we camped. It being twenty-five miles from here to the Smoky Hill, I deemed it not prudent to proceed any farther this day, especially as our guides said there was no water on the entire route. while encamped upon Walnut scouts were sent up and down the creek a distance of ten or fifteen miles. No Indians were seen, but indications that a large body had been here were apparent, but nothing recent. August 2, started this morning about 6 o'clock, throwing out flankers on each side to discover if possible any Indians that might be prowling around, but none were discovered on the entire march. We crossed the Smoky Hill to graze and examine the river. No signs were discovered that indicated the presence of Indians. Learning from our guide that Big Creek was a great resort for Indians, I determined to proceed there, a distance of nine miles, to camp for the night. On approaching the creek scouts were sent forward to discover if Indians were present. Here again we found the remains of a camp of a large body of Indians; we judged from 400 to 600. They had apparently left in a hurry, as some of their pack-saddles, the remains of old tents, some hatchets, &amp;c., were left scattered around the camp. they had evidently had a lot of stock, as the grass in the vicinity was cropped very short. I think from appearances that this camp had ben left but a few days before our arrival. Possibly it might have been deserted while we were at Smoky Hill Crossing, from which it is a distance about sixty miles. This body of Indians had gone in a northerly direction. Having rations for only three days I deemed it not prudent to follow this trail. We camped on Big Creek, three miles above its mouth. August 3, broke camp about 6 o'clock and proceeded down the north bank of Smoky Hill toward the crossing. After leaving this creek we came into large herds of buffalo, which had tramped the country so much that it was impossible to tell a buffalo trail from an Indian trail. We camped to-night on the Smoky Hill, about sixteen miles from the crossing. No sign of Indians here. The buffalo had fed the grass so close that nothing was left for our horses. August 4, started this morning at daylight, as our horses were fasting (the last of our corn was fed last night.) After marching five or six miles we found good grass and stopped to graze our animals. We reached Smoky Hill Crossing about 12 m. Here I received Special Field Orders, Numbers 7, dated headquarters Department of Kansas, Cow Creek Station, August 3, 1864, extract III. In accordance with said order

