
I left Lieutenant Ellsworth at this station with his detachment and proceeded with the balance toward Salina, which place we reached August 5, 1864, at 6 p. m.

I think from present indications the Indians are upon the Saline, Solomon, and Republican Rivers, as the buffalo are plenty upon these streams, and they depend entirely upon them for a living. Undoubtedly they are encamped upon some of these streams.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

HENRY BOOTH,

Captain Company L, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Major General S. R. CURTIS.

AUGUST 1-5, 1864.- Operations in Eastern Arkansas, with skirmish (1st) at Lamb's Plantation, near Helena.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Napoleon B. Buford, U. S. Army, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Napoleon B. Buford, U. S. Army, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 1, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: Inclosed I send you a copy of my report of this date to General Steele. I have evidence that the enemy murdered in cold blood three wounded colored soldiers who were left on the battle-field on the 26th ultimo, and that yesterday they murdered two which they found at the plantations unarmed. What steps shall be taken? I still have Lieutenant Casteel and five other bushwhackers in prison whose cases I reported to you in person when you were here. I have in all forty-seven prisoners of war. If permitted a cavalry force I shall retaliate the barbarities and cause restitution to the lessees as far as practicable. I have been unwell for some time and have been granted a leave of absence by General Steele, but will not leave while there is an enemy near us unless entirely prostrated by sickness.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 1, 1864.

SIR: This morning at 5 a. m. the enemy under Colonel Dobbin were at Allen J. Polk's place; about 800 mounted men. At 8 they attacked the lessees at the Lamb's place, capturing all the stock and negroes, old

