
and young, and the white employees. From there they went to J. B. Pillow's place, doing the same; crossing at Sandy Ford and following down all the leased plantations a distance of ten miles, capturing, burning, destroying, and robbing of money and effects. They passed out at Mrs. Higgins' place, going west. I had a cavalry force of 100 men, who left here at 8 a. m. in pursuit of a party of the plunderers as far as Allen J. Polk's, where they met a larger reserve of the enemy than my force, which closed in behind the plundering party and moved west. My force returned to watch the movements of the other parties going into the plantations. I moved out with my two infantry regiments, the Sixth Minnesota and the Thirty-fifth Missouri, which on account of sickness only mustered 400 men fit for marching, and with my colored (light) battery of four pieces and with the balance of the cavalry. The marauders, all mounted, were four times as numerous as my cavalry force and could not be overtaken. I have reason to think the whole force of the enemy mounted was three regiments, Dobbin's and two of Shelby's commanded by Colonel Gordon and Colonel ---. They did not attack either of my two forts on the plantations, but have taken off the people and movables from two-thirds of the places. Colonel Bacon reports and aggregate for duty to-day of only 255 cavalry. I have distinctly seen that we should have a raid, and that I could not prevent it with so small a mounted force. I have received my leave of absence, but shall not avail myself of it while the enemy are in force near me. Between the White and Mississippi Rivers there is at this time a force of 6,000 men. My monthly report will exhibit to you my force, but two regiments are 100-days' men, many of them boys from sixteen to eighteen, and incapable of standing a march in this climate. The cavalry will lose 147 men by expiration of enlistment in a few days. I have been hoping that the force at Devall's Bluff would co-operate with me and clean out the enemy between Clarendon and this place.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,August 9, 1864.

In my last dispatch to you I was blockading White River and had expeditions operating in the direction of Helena, Memphis, and the railroad. Of these various movements I wish to inform you, so that you will understand everything in regard to affairs here. Colonels Dobbin and Gordon, immediately after their fight of July 28, made a forced march upon the Federal plantations near Helena and harried them with a furry greater than a hurricane. They captured 200 mules, 300 negroes, quantities of goods and clothing, and killed 75 mongrel soldiers, negroes, and Yankee schoolmasters, imported to teach the young ideas how to shoot.

Colonel McCray moved upon the railroad and damaged it considerably, but stirred up a complete hornet's nest. From Devall's Bluff to

