
Little Rock the road was swarming with large bodies of infantry and cavalry, and McCray was forced back as rapidly as he came. Two days later Colonel Coleman, with 500 men, struck the railroad, again tore up the track, burnt some ties, killed 25 Federals and captured 75 more, and fell back, fighting heavily. The next day Colonel Jackman, with 500 more men, made another dash at the coveted prize and again tore up a portion of the track; but he, too, had to fall back on McCray, who had taken post at a convenient distance to succor his detachments. Jackman killed 23, wounded 6, and captured 17.

Colonel Erwin, who was sent to the plantation above Memphis, has been very successful, and "Widow and Yankee maid long shall lament his raid."

I had not been on White River one hour before two gun-boats passed down. My battery was not in position and I could not open fire on them. For a day and night I lay upon the river, but whether they knew of my approach or not I cannot tell; but so it was - nothing passed up or down. I intended to wait on them a week or more, but my trusty scouts, whom nothing escapes, brought word that 3,000 Federals had gone by boats to Des Arc, and were coming higher to gain my rear. I marched that night for Augusta, and found before reaching there that they had gone up to Gregory's Landing - or at least a portion of them - and were likely to get between me and my reserve ordnance. I pushed on rapidly two days and nights, got above the Federals, and marched down without stopping to give them battle. They retreated hastily, but this expedition raised the blockade of White River, for I could not wait there with a heavy force in my rear and my newly-recruited and unarmed men unprotected wholly. Three thousand Federals are menacing me from the direction of Searcy, but I can whip that number if they will come to me. My stay here now will by short, not only on account of the heavy forces concentrating against me, but on account of the destitution of the country and the large number of ineffective men now concentrated. To save the recruits I have gained, to arm them, drill them, clothe them, and feed them, it is necessary that they be brought immediately to the army; so I shall take steps very soon to bring them through, unless I receive such orders from district headquarters as shall change my determination before leaving.

News from Missouri still continues glorious. If General Price, at the head of 5,000 cavalry, could penetrate the State he could light such a fire of opposition and enthusiasm that 50,000 loyal Missourians would spring to arms. There never was such an opportunity to make a successful raid. News from all points is bright with the tidings of victory and success. Hood whipped Sherman badly at Atlanta, and Colonel Mulligan, General Price's old opponent at Lexington, was killed in the Valley of Virginia, where General Early whipped Hunter, Crook, and Averell. There is not a day but some of my scouting parties meet and fight the Federals, and I can safely put down their loss since my occupation of this country at 10 per day. General Steele has been considerably re-enforced by General Canby, one portion of Banks' army going to him and the other to Grant. The lieutenant who brings this communication will explain to you my true intentions.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

