
AUGUST 1-18, 1864.- Operations in Southwest Missouri, with skirmishes at Diamond Grove Prairie (1st), at Rutledge (4th), near Enterprise and on Buffalo Creek (7th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Major Milton Burch, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Joseph J. Gravely, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for the information of the general commanding official copy of report of Major Milton Burch, Eighth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding Neosho, Mo., of a scout made by him with 175 men of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia and Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia into McDonald County, Mo., on the 7th instant. Also copy of his report of a scouts made by Lieutenant Hunter, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry int the same section on the 5th instant with a detachment of the Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry. Six of the enlisted men missing from Lieutenant Hunter's command have come into camp at Neosho.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the District Southwest Missouri commanded by Brigadier General John B. Sanborn.*

August 2.- Captain Ruark, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, killed Lieutenant Goode, of the rebel army, in the vicinity of Diamond Grove Prairie, near Carthage, Mo.

August 4.- Lieutenant Hunter, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, in command of sixty men, same regiment, on a scout in the direction of McDonald County, Mo., encountered the enemy 300 strong near Rutledge; had a sharp skirmish, in which he lost 3 men killed and 1 man wounded; the enemy's loss, 3 killed and several wounded.

August 7.- Major Burch, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, in command of 175 men, marched from Neosho; came in contact with the enemy near Enterprise; killed 1 of their pickets; were unable to bring the enemy into action. The rebel force, commanded by Major Piercey composed of portions of Pickler's and Stand Watie's commands.

August 10.- Colonel Gravely, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with 100 men, left Springfield, Mo., to operate against the enemy on the western border of the district, but the enemy had retreated southward.

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

13 R R - VOL XLI, PT I

