
horse equipments in possession of the troops at this place,w ill delay me one day and the horses need one day's rest. I have also the honor of informing you regarding the death of the notorious guerrillas chief, Lieutenant Goode. He was killed on the 2nd instant by Captain Ozias Ruark, Company L, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. I started my forage train out on the 1st instant with twenty mounted men, under command of Lieutenant Hunter, Company H, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and twenty men on foot, under command of Captain Ozias Ruark, Company L, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, on the Diamond Grove Prairie after forage in Goode's favorite range. When the train was loaded it proceeded with the twenty mounted men, Lieutenant Hunter in command, for this post, leaving the infantry concealed in the brush unknown to any person. They then maneuvered around in the vicinity of a spring known as a favorite resort of Goode and his band and concealed themselves. They had not remained long in ambush before Goode with two others came along; but they mistrusted danger at hand and one remarked, "There is somebody in the thicket;" but the word was hardly spoken hill the sharp report of a revolver was heard and Goode rolled from his horse dead. The ball penetrated the left side of the upper lip and ranging upward. You will find herein inclosed the papers found on the person of Lieutenant Goode, with the list of the desperadoes under his command, and all other papers found on his person. The individuals whose names you will find on the list are citizens of this country and whose families are yet here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Battalion Eighth Cav. Missouri State Militia.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,

Springfield, Mo.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

J. R. Goode, Richard Hall, Calaway Johnson, J. W. Scaggs, L. H. Scaggs, T. H. Hawkins, T. V. Parnell, E. M. Martin, James Ramsey, W. F. Ray, John Harmon, Taylor Buskirk, Hiram Mayeld, Monroe Hewit.

[Indorsement.]

This paper was taken from Lieutenant J. R. Goode, and contains a list of his company, most of whom live in the southern part of Jasper and northern part of Newton Counties.

OZIAS RUARK,

Captain Company L, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, Numbers 23. Camp Bragg, January 28, 1864.

I. Leaves of absence are granted to the following-named officers for the length of time set opposite their names, at the expiration of which they will return to duty with their command and report their arrival to this office: Lieutenant J. R. Goode, Company H, Eleventh Missouri Regiment, thirty days.

By command of Brigadier-General Drayton:

L. A. MACLEAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant J. R. GOODE,

(Through Colonel Burns, commanding brigade.)

