
[Indorsements.]

Relieved from duty January 28, 1864.

JAMES PHILLIPS,

Major, Commanding.

Pass the bearer.

By order of Brigadier-General Cabell.

JOHN KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MISSOURI,Camp Bragg, January 21, 1864.

Pass Lieutenant J. R. Goode to Camden and back against the evening of January 22, 1864.

JAS. PHILLIPS,

Major, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Approved.

W. M. MOORE,

Major, Commanding Brigade.

NEOSHO, MO., August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting, for the information of the general commanding, of a scout taken down in McDonald County, Mo., in search of the force that engaged Lieutenant Hunter, Company H, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, on the 5th instant.

I started on the 7th instant with all the available force in my reach - a portion of Captain Ritchey's company from Newtonia, a portion of Captain Ray's company from Newtonia, a portion of the command from Granby, and about thirty men from Carthage, Jasper County, Mo., and all the available force stationed at this post, making in all about 175 men. We left this post about 7 o'clock morning of the 7th instant and proceeded in the direction of Enterprise, McDonald County, Mo. After marching eight miles in that direction I received intimation of the enemy having moved his camp eight miles from the place where Lieutenant Hunter found him, having moved in a northern direction and nearer this post. We arrived at Enterprise about 1 p. m., and our advance drove in the enemy's pickets, killing 2 and pursuit the remainder of pickets and stragglers, about twenty in number, into their camp, and then fell back, reporting what they had discovered. I then moved up my men, concealed from the enemy, and then proceeded with a few men to reconnoiter his position, which I found to be strong and immediately at the mouth of Patterson's Creek. I then ordered Captain John R. Kelso, with a few men, to proceed in the direction of the enemy's camp and try and draw him out, which he did not succeeded in doing, although he skirmished with the enemy for nearly two hours, but could not induce him to leave his position in the woods. While I with Captain Kelso was reconnoitering my horse was shot from under me by one of the enemy's sharpshooters. I then called off Captain Kelso, after ascertaining that the enemy would not leave his position. I then sent Captain Kelso, with Companies H and L, Eighth

