
Numbers 2. Report of Acting Master Levi S. Fickett, U. S. Navy.

U. S. STEAMER GLIDE,

Berwick Bay, August 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report, viz:

At 10 a. m. on the 2nd instant I heard firing in the direction of Pattersonville, and, in obedience to your orders of same date, got under way and proceeded to that place. when about half way up saw a small squad of the Ninety-third U. S. Colored Regiment. The officers commanding them told me that our troops had met the enemy in Pattersonville, routed them, and captured two prisoners. At 11.45 a. m. exchanged signals with the U. S. steamer Carrabasset, which was lying at the bank in the lower part of the town. I stopped my boat and went on board of her; saw two ladies there, whom Captain Leonard informed me were sent on board by Colonel Jones, of the Ninety-third. I asked him if he had seen Major-General Canby's order, prohibiting certain persons from visiting inside of our lines. He said he had not, but Colonel Jones told him that he (Jones) would be responsible for them if the (Captain Leonard) would bring them down. I saw about two-thirds of the Ninety-third Regiment (and a part of the cavalry regiment who were with them) near the Carrabasset, on the bank. A few of the Ninety-third and a few of the cavalry had proceeded toward Brashear with a drove of about fifty or sixty head of cattle, which they had taken from citizens in Pattersonville; and the remainder of both regiments were ransacking houses and back yards for such plunder as they could carry. By Captain Leonard's orders (after taking on board a colored family whom I brought to Brashear) I went up as far as the mouth of the Teche; saw about twenty rebel cavalry, which i shelled out of a small piece of woods, and they retreated up the banks of the river. I then steered toward Brashear. On my return I passed several small squads of Colonel Jones' regiment at various distances from the main body. there was no officer with them, and they were pillaging in nearly every house on their way. I considered the troops very badly managed, and the officers did not appear to exercise any command over them. I saw several men of the Ninety-third with articles of clothing in their possession. At 1.30 p. m. I passed the U. S. steamer Carrabasset lying at the bank, putting bedding, furniture, &amp;c., on shore again, which had been taken on board by the soldiers without Captain Leonard's knowledge. The soldiers burned three or four buildings on their return, one large dwelling-house and one mill. I could not say whether the others were mills or houses. When about three or four miles from the bay, I saw six or seven men of the Ninety-third Regiment on the opposite side of the bayou. I went in to the bank, told them to come on board, and I would take them to Brashear. They did not come, but crossed over below me. they were from one to two miles in the rear. I afterward took them on board, nearly beat out from the heavy load of plunder which they had about them, and a hot sun overhead. I then kept on down the river, and at 3 p. m. came to anchor off Brashear City.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. FICKETT,

Acting Master, Commanding.

Acting Vol. Lieutenant S. B. WASHBURNE,

Commanding Naval Forces at Berwick Bay.

