
officers all fell nobly and gallantly defending their country's honor. Captain G. W. Holibaugh, Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, was also slightly wounded.

Too much praise cannot be given Lieutenant Chappel and Sergeant Ward, of the Second U. S. Colored Artillery (light),for the gallant manner in which they served their pieces in keeping the enemy at bay, as also the brave Carmichael and his command,to whom we were indebted for our deliverance. I cannot pass without notice Chaplain J. Brooks, of the Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, who, with a small squad of men, rescued from the grasp of the enemy a caisson with all its horses; and here, too, I must make mention of First Lieutenant W. O. Kretzinger, Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, who acted as my aide and behaved in a brave and gallant matter. Private Henry Jackson, wagon-master, Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, is also entitled to favorable mention for bravery displayed upon the battle-field. Captains Ramsey and Brown, of the Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry, are entitled to a high meed of praise for their cool bravery and heroism under the most trying and difficult circumstances. I can only say that both officers and men of the entire command conducted themselves with the utmost bravery, coolness,and daring.

Our losses are comprised in the following: Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, 2 commissioned officers and 11 men killed; 2 commissioned officers, and 24 men wounded,and 3 men missing; total, commissioned, 4; total,enlisted, 34; aggregate, 42. Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry, 1 commissioned officers and 3 men killed, 10 men wounded; total, commissioned, 1; total, enlisted, 13; aggregate, 14. Battery E, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (light), 1 commissioned officer and 1 man killed, 3 men wounded, and 1 man missing; total, commissioned, 1; total, enlisted,5; aggregate,6. Total killed wounded, and missing: Commissioned officers,6; enlisted men,56; aggregate,62. A large number of horses and mules having been killed, we were obliged to leave on the field one caisson complete, one caisson body, 4 wagons and 1 medicine chest, all of which were destroyed. We also lost a quantity of small-arms, the number of which I cannot yet ascertain, but no artillery. We brought off the dead and wounded commissioned officers, also the most of our wounded men, leaving the remaining dead unburied. Adjt. S. J. Clark, of the Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry,lost 1 horse killed and equipments.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. REED,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.

No. 8. Report of Major Eagleton Carmichael, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Helena, Ark., July 27, 1864.

SIR: I left Helena in command of 140 men,with the following officers: Captains Hutchens and Adams, Lieutenant Ewing and Anderson. Lieutenant Webster, of the Fifteenth, and Lieutenant David, of the Thirty-fifth Missouri,went as volunteers. I embarked at 3 p.m.

