
AUGUST 2-8, 1864.- Operations near Holden, Mo., with skirmish (8th) on Norris Creek.

Report of Captain Melville U. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HOLDEN, MO., August 11, 1864.

I have the honor to report the marches, scouts, &amp;c., of troops at this station to this date:

August 4, Corporal McCoy and twenty men of both companies were sent to repair telegraph wire; learned that break was immediately east of Pleasant Hill, and that troops from that section were repairing it; returned; traveled twenty miles. August 5, Captain Baker, with thirty men, Company C, went on scout on Big Creek and Crawford's Fork; found small squad of rebels; chased them, killed 1, captured 1 horse and equipments; traveled thirty miles. Same day with fifteen men went myself foraging around on Blackwater; learned upon what I deemed good authority that Dick Yeager was then lying wounded northwest of Chapel Hill. Went and informed Major Kelly, commanding that station, and proceeded into the Sni Hills to look for Yeager. Could not find him; returned next day; traveled forty miles, August 6, Corporal Skidmore, with twenty men, Company G, went to Lost Creek; returned; traveled twenty miles. August 8, Lieutenant Combs, with forage train, run into a squad of bushwhackers in Norris Creek; had skirmish; had 1 horse slightly wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. N. PENNOCK,

Adjt. Seventh Regiment Cav. Mo. State Militia, Warrensburg, Mo.

AUGUST 3, 1864.- Skirmish near Fayette, Mo.

Report of Major Reeves Leonard, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACH. NINTH CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Fayette, Mo., August 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Yesterday morning after a slight skirmish I routed a band of guerrillas near Fayette, and pursued them until dusk, a distance of fifteen miles, capturing horses, arms, clothing, &c. Our forces consisted of detachment of the First Iowa Cavalry and Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. LEONARD,

Major Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Captain GEORGE A. HOLLOWAY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.

