
AUGUST 3-NOVEMBER 4, 1864.-Scouts from Fort Sumner, N. Mex., with skirmish (August 26) at Sacramento Mountains.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain Henry B. Bristol, Fifth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Emil Fritz, First California Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Captain Samuel A. Gorham, First California Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain Francis McCabe, First New Mexico Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Henry B. Bristol, Fifth U. S. Infantry.

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., August 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to inclose reports of Indian scouts made by Captains Fritz and Gorham, California Volunteers. I also state for the information of the general commanding that Captain McCabe is now in pursuit of the Indians with about sixty men. From what I can learn he will overtake and punish the savages for their depredations lately committed in the vicinity of Hatch's Ranch.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. BRISTOL,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, Commanding.

Captain BEN. CUTLER, U. S. Volunteers,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. Hdqrs., Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Emil Fritz, First California Cavalry.

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., August 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report for the information of the commanding officer:

I left here on the 3rd instant, according to verbal instructions from Captain H. B. Bristol, commanding Fort Sumner, N. Mex., to intercept an Apache trail in the direction of the Captain Mountains. On the fourth day I arrived at Fort Stanton late in the evening without seeing any Indian signs. I remained in Stanton the following day, and at dusk an express arrived with the news that the Indians had driven off the mules belonging to Mr. Parker's train. I left Fort Stanton the same night by order of the commanding officer, Major Chacon (please find a copy of the order inclosed), to scout through the White Mountains, and crossing all the trails leading to the Sacramento and Guadalupe Mountain without finding any Indian sign. On my return to stanton I was ordered to send part of my men to the relief of Mr. Parker's train, and remain with the rest at the post to guard the Government stock there until the return of my men with the trains in distress. As soon as they returned I took the route for this post, where I arrived on the morning of the 19th instant without seeing anything worthy of notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMIL FRITZ,

Captain, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

Lieutenant M. MULLINS,

Fifth U. S. Infantry, Post Adjutant.

