
Numbers 3. Report of Captain Samuel A. Gorham, First California Cavalry.

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., August 4, 1864.

In accordance with an order received from Captain Bristol, Fifth U. S. Infantry, commanding Fort Sumner, N. Mex., and having agreeably to said order reported to Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Cavalry, for instructions, I proceeded about midnight of the 3rd instant from this post in the direction of Fort Union, N. Mex., to look after certain Apache Indians who had a few days previous been committing depredations and running off stock from the ranches in the vicinity of-. My command consisted of one commissioned officer (Lieutenant B. F. Fox, First California Cavalry) and thirty enlisted men of Company G, First California Cavalry (my own company). I was furnished with one Mexico guide and one Indian guide. After traveling about twelve miles on the main road which leads to Fort union I bore off to the right, and a little after daylight crossed the Alamo Gordo, a small stream, at a distance of about twenty-four miles from Fort Sumner. Just before crossing the stream the Mexican guide left us with the understanding that he would return. After crossing the stream I proceeded with my command and the Indian guide in a northerly direction about twenty-four miles, and within four miles of Whitmore's Ranch; then changed direction and traveled west about twelve miles and crossed the Rio Pecos, followed the river up, and camped at Giddings' Ranch, where we remained two hours for the purpose of resting and feeding our animals and getting something to eat ourselves. We arrived at Gidding's Ranch a little after 11 o'clock, having raveled over sixty miles. A little after 1 p. m. left Giddings' Ranch and recrossed the river on the road back to Fort Sumner. I proceeded on my return as far as the lower main crossing of the Alamo Gordo and about twenty-five miles from the ranch. We camped about 9 p. m. Distance traveled this day about eighty-five miles. The Mexican guide failed to return during the day in accordance with the understanding.

AUGUST 5, 1864.

Broke camp about 4 a. m. and proceeded up the stream in an easterly direction about ten miles and crossed the Indian trail. Having been informed on yesterday that the stock captured by the Apaches had all been retaken from them, and that the Indians had twenty-four hours the start of me, and no other stock with them except their own animals, which they were riding, I concluded it would not be expedient to pursue them, as pursuit would be useless. I therefore returned to the fort, where I arrived about 12 m., not having seen an Indian during the scout.

S. A. GORHAM,

Captain, First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Company G.

[Lieutenant M. MULLINS,

Fifth U. S. Infantry, Post Adjutant.]

Numbers 4. Reports of Captain Francis McCabe, First New Mexico Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR DOG CANON, August 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to verbal orders received from Captain H. B. Bristol, commanding officer at Fort

