
water for the animals, and next day resumed the march at daylight, and at 12 m. found a little water in holes for the men, but not enough for the animals. At 5 p. m. found water and good grass at the Ojo Alamo, in a deep canyon in the mountains. Here I was joined by Sanchez, the post guide of Fort Stanton, who informed me that the had mistaken my trail for Major Chacon's, who was one day's march in rear. I started next morning, taking the guides with me, whom I sent about 500 yards ahead with five men to trail. By this time my Navajo guides started that the mountains were unknown to them, but that they believed the Indians were Coyotero Apaches. I found water this day twice on the trail before 12 o'clock, and after a severe march of forty-five miles I encamped without water within ten miles of a point where the trail entered the desert in the San Andres Mountain. My guide was totally ignorant of the country, and a few of my men proved better trailers than the guide. On the morning of the 22nd I started for the point where the canyon opened on the desert, sending the guide and trailers in advance in search of water. No water was found until we reached the salt lake, called Salina, toward which my guide led me, assuring me the water was potable. On arriving there I found to my mortification that it was salt lake, called Salina, toward which my guide led me, assuring me the water was potable. On arriving there I found to my mortification that it was salt, and had to saddle up and march toward San Nicolas Mountain. I found a hole of water near that point, and found the mule and sheep trail running across the desert toward Dog Canon. After a short rest I marched across the desert and next morning arrived at the Water-Tanks, having marched sixty miles in twenty-four hours. Half my command and horses were still on the desert when I reached the tanks, and I immediately sent back water to their relief, and at noon marched to a stream called Rio Alamo. I found here that most of my horses were broken down (three were abandoned by my order) and several of my men sick. I rested that day and sent the guide to the Dog canyon to look for the trail. He returned next morning and informed me that the trail led into the canon, and that the Indians were there. I immediately formed my men, mounted and dismounted, and marched to the canon, determined to enter it and attack the Indians. I found on entering the mouth that the Indians had entered it to water their animals, and that they left it and started for Sacramento River four days before. I detailed Lieutenant Gilbert with twenty men to follow the trail, instructing him to use caution and diligence in the pursuit, and marched my broken-down men and horses to a camp near Tularosa to recruit. On reaching Tularosa I called for guides and a party to take a new direction to the lagunas, where I supposed the Indian village to be located. Mr. Parker reached me yesterday, informing me that Major Chacon had arrived, and I started again with sixteen of my men and fourteen citizens behind to follow the Indians. On my way to this place I met a messenger, informing me that Lieutenant Gilbert had a fight with the Apaches yesterday near Rio Milagro, and that the lieutenant was killed at the first discharge. All the horses were killed and wounded by the Apaches, and the guide and 1 man mortally and 3 privates of my company severely wounded. Corporal Gallegos, of Company L, behaved very well and brought off the wounded. The fourteen Apaches whom we were pursuing had been joined by a large number of others, who I am informed by the Navajo guide are Coyoteros. I have sent out water and wagons to relieve and bring in my wounded, and I will march in half an hour with the remainder of my men and about twenty citizens to attack the Apaches. Major Chacon and Lieutenant Cook will march to-night also.

