
good, but on my arrival I found it as salty as the water of the Atlantic. He then informed me that water could be found at a spring in San Nicolas Mountain, eighteen miles west, and I started to march to that spring, but in an hour afterward one of my men (Jesus Chavez) who had been following the trail, hailed me and informed me that he had discovered a hole of rainwater, to which I marched at once and halted, turning the animals loose to water and graze. Owing to the long march without water, my men and animals loose to water and grazie. Owing to the long march without water, my men and animals needed at least twenty-four hours rest, but I determined to push on to San Nicolas Spring, hoping to find the Apaches near that neighborhood. I left camp at 5 p. m., and traveling west a few miles I came to where the Indians had driven the mules, sheep, &amp;c., across the Las Cruces road and into the desert toward Sacramento Mountains. I pushed on without a moment's delay into the desert until darkness concealed the trail, and still traveling all night and crossing the long belt of white sand which runs longitudinally through the desert I arrived at daylight next morning at White Water Tanks, near the Franklin road, with a little more than half of my command. I found on my arrival that the water in the tanks was not sufficient for my entire command, animals included, but I had a small party detailed at once to march back with water to the relief of their comrades whose horses had given out on the desert. In this manner I collected all my command before 10 a. m., except a corporal and three men who had deserted during the night. The crime of these men is, if possible, aggravated by the fact that their comrades were endeavoring to overtake and engage the Apaches at the time of their desertion. On ascertaining that they had deserted I sent my acting first sergeant alone to Las Cruces with a note to the commanding officer, who had three of them arrested on the third day afterward. I left this water at 12 m., same day, and reached Alamo River at 6 p. m., where I encamped and rested until noon next day, at which time I moved forward to Dog Canon, leaving a corporal and some sick men and horses behind with instructions to go to a grazing camp near Tularosa, N. Mex., and await my return. The unusual severity of the march for the last forty-eight hours, added to the toil the men had experienced for several days before, had its effect on several, and many were absolutely barefooted, having worn out their shoes while climbing the rocky passes of the Sierra Oscura. I reached Dog canyon at 10 o'clock next day and determined to enter it, but on reaching the mouth I found that the Apaches had merely watered their stolen flocks and mule herd in the stream and had again taken a direction toward Sacramento River. On examining a temporary camp, where the Mexican guide thought they had slept four nights before, I found thirteen beds, and judged that the party numbered fourteen, as one must have been watching the stock. This number corresponded exactly with that of the party which had driven off the sheep from the neighborhood of Chaperito and had subsequently taken Parker's mules. Most of my animals being in no condition to pursue the trail farther, and as the Mexican guide judged that the Apaches were retreating toward Guadalupe Mountains, I had little hopes of overtaking them, but I determined to do all that I could under the circumstances before giving up the pursuit. I accordingly selected twenty of the best horses, including that of the guide and Lieutenant Gilbert, whom i sent forward with instructions to follow the trail for four days farther and rejoin me either in the mountains or at Tularosa. With the remainder of my command I marched to Tularosa, and having obtained a supply of horseshoes and nails I had my horses shod on the day of my arrival, and procured several pairs of

