
Apaches any farther, and gave orders to march back to Fort Stanton. He left camp next day before I did, and as some citizens on the hills above commenced a discharge of fire arms I sent a messenger to recall him. He returned and joined me at the camp, and we proceeded to Rio Sacramento, where we found a quantity of dried mutton and a young colt that had been abandoned by the Apaches. We also found four sheep alive and saw several (that had died from fatigue) in the stream dead. At this place Major Chacon halted, and I sent forward Captain Gregory (of the citizen party) with six men to push forward and look for fresh signs. Before Mr. Gregory's return the major had moved on a few miles, and having been told by his guide (Flores) that the Apaches were at least four days' march ahead, he ordered the command to march back to Tularosa. At this time the men, and particularly the animals, of the command were much fatigued, and had we proceeded three days more over a country like that in the neighborhood of Alamo canyon not an animal could have been brought back alive. We reached Tularosa on the 31st of August, and on the 1st of October Major Chacon and Lieutenant Cook set out for Fort Stanton. I remained behind, hoping to recruit my animals and enter the mountains again, hoping to surprise the Indians, whom I supposed to be less watchful since they saw the command leave the mountains. I left camp on the 3rd of October and made a three days' scout up the Rio Senora de la Luz, but as my horses and mules were mostly barefooted I had to return to camp. I left Tularosa on the 8th of October and arrived at Fort Stanton on the 11th, where I remained until the 19th, recruiting my command, resting my animals, and awaiting orders. On the same day at noon Lieutenant F. Cook reported to me with thirty picked men for duty in the Sacramento Mountains. Asst. Surg. L. W. Hayes, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, was also assigned for duty with my command, and written instructions were received from department headquarters directing that every diligence should be used to find the Apaches, &amp;c. I left Fort Stanton on the 20th with Lieutenant Cook and my own company and arrived at Tularosa on the 23d. Here I established a temporary depot, and leaving Assistant Surgeon hayes and a few sick behind I marched up the Senora de la Luz to enter the sacramento in that direction. I reached the head of the Luz on the second day, and proceeding southeast encamped at a valley opening on Rio Penasco on the fourth day. At this place the grass was excellent. I started next day and marched down the stream, passing where the water disappeared in its bed, and encamped at a spring near Rio Felix at 11 p. m. No fresh Indian sign was discovered during this days' march. From this place the command marched to Las Tuses, an old Apache encampment, but on arriving there it was discovered that the waters of the spring had dried up. No sign of Indians could be found in that neighborhood. I pushed forward in a southwest direction until sundown, when I entered the plain east of Sacramento Mountains, following the direction of Sacramento River. At sunset I reached a point where the country was broken by deep fissures and ravines. Here I encamped, and as no water could be found I ordered a sergeant and ten men forward in search of it and as spies. The party returned next morning and reported that a trail some four or five weeks old had been seen running in the direction of Guadalupe Mountains. My command was now twenty-four hours without water, and I marched to a point on Rio Penasco, which I reached at 2 p. m. same day; men and animals much fatigued. I started next morning, and moving up the stream until 4

14 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

