
on the 25th instant on the steamers Dove and Hamilton Belle; arrived at Gillen's at 8 p.m.; disembarked and fled, ordering the boats to return immediately. I started on the march at 9 p.m.and found great difficulty in traveling so dark in the bottoms; arrived at Simms' Ford, on Big Creek, at daylight. I learned there that all the pickets along the creek had been withdrawn the day before. I crossed and proceeded on the direct road to Trenton,and near Carlos we captured 4 rebel prisoners, two of whom said they belonged to Foss' regiment, and two to Gordon's regiment, of Shelby's command. They informed me that the headquarters of the command was near there. I went on and found where they had been encamped, but they were gone, having left their wagons, ambulances,and some unarmed men who had scattered in the bushes on hearing of our approach. Just before I arrived at the camp I heard the artillery firing at Wallace's Ferry,and thought it proper to waste on time in gathering up the rebel stragglers. I went on toward Trenton until within one mile and a half of that place, and hearing the musketry I changed my course so as to recross Big Creek,having satisfied myself that there were three regiments besides some straggling companies of rebels, and believed it for the best to reach Colonel Brooks' command as soon as possible. I crossed Big Creek one mile and a half below Jim Scaif's plantation, an proceeded up to Scaif's, thence across Beaver Bayou, thence across Lick Creek near its confluence with Big Creek, thence up to the bottom, and struck the Wallace Ferry road, three-quarters of a mile in the rear of Colonel Brooks' command, arriving at 10 a.m.,and found the rebels in his rear on the road. We passed through them, driving them into the woods. I then halted my command,and,leaving it in charge of Captain Hutchens, proceeded myself of communicate with the infantry command and learn its situation. I found that they had been fighting nearly five hours a very superior force of rebels, well organized and well armed, and that Colonel Brooks and several of his officers were killed. Lieutenant-Colonel Reed consulted me on the prospect of getting his command out, which I told him could be done. Leaving him preparing for the march, I returned to the cavalry, and found that they had had some sharp fighting while I was absent, Dobbin having made a charge upon them, which was repulsed, and Captain Hutches charged the rebels and drove them from the field. We distributed the cavalry to the best advantage for the protection of the command,and Colonel Reed coming up, we started for Helena. I left Captain Hutchens to conduct the rear,and too much praise cannot be awarded him for the skill and bravery displayed during the whole march, handsomely repelling every assault the enemy made upon him.

On arriving near the junction of the Spring Creek road I expected to find the enemy there if at all in our front in force, and had apprised Colonel Reed of the probability and suggested that everything be prepared for action. We found the enemy there, as I expected,and were fully prepared for them and drove them from their position, causing them to disperse in not very good order. The rebels had annoyed us in front, rear, and both flanks all the way from Big Creek till after their last repulse at the junction of the Spring Creek road. From there to Helena we were not troubled by them except in the rear. We captured 5 prisoners of war, 2 of Foss' regiment and 2 of Gordon's regiment, Shelby's command, 1 of Dobbin's regiment. We captured 3 horses and 2 mules. Four of the animals have been turned over to the district quartermaster. Joseph Impey, hospital steward, requests that he may keep one horse which was captured,that is now in his possession,in lieu of one stolen last winter.

