
p. m. I reached a point near its source, where I encamped. I may here remark that on halting at the end of each day's march I invariably sent out a part of dismounted cavalry with instructions to examine the neighborhood in every direction. In this way I could have been informed of the presence of lurking Indians, had any such been in the vicinity of camp. I marched next morning (direction west), and at 2 p. m. reached a point overlooking the Franklin and Fort Stanton road, and descended about ten miles to a cienega near canyon Alamo.

The country traversed during the last ten days was well watered and timbered, except that east of Sacramento Mountains and the region between canyon Luz and Rio Penasco is a succession of hill and ale, the former covered with magnificent timber, such as pine, oak, ash, &amp;c. A beautiful variety of aspen grew in every valley. The country is well adapted to agriculture and grazing purposes, and produces timber more than sufficient to supply the territory. Wild fruits, such as cherries, plums, and raspberries, were abundant. A species of the red rose bloomed on every hill, and wild flowers blossomed in every direction. Elk and black-tailed deer are numerous in the mountains, and herds of antelope were seen east of Sacramento. Wild turkeys were seen by hundreds at every camp, and many were killed by the men when they were permitted to shoot. In some instances panthers were seen, and one specimen of the American lion was seen, but could not be killed. On this scout I came to the conclusion that the Apaches had left this region and moved to Guadalupe Mountains; but although I desired very much to follow them, I was unable to do so (if I had not been ordered back) from the fact that I received only ten days' provisions from Fort Stanton instead of a month's supply, which I required. I reached Tularosa on the 3rd of October and sent Lieutenant Cook to Stanton for provisions. I marched again into the Sacramento Mountains on the 12th of October, penetrating all the valleys between the head of Rio Luz and Sacramento River, following old trails. The face of the country is similar to that described on my last scout and game found still more numerous. Water is abundant in every valley, the numerous springs forming in places considerable streams. A very severe snow-storm, commencing on the 18th, and drifting furiously on the 19th of October, covered all the trails and compelled me to descend to a plateau several hundred feet lower, about fourteen miles below, where the weather was clear and warm. I started next day, and continuing to descend I reached camp at Tularosa October 21, 1864. On reaching camp I received for the first [time] the orders of the department commander directing me to return to my proper post.

The apaches whom I pursued so long were the same party that had driven off the sheep from Chaperito and Mr. Parker's mules from Gallinas Springs. They would have been overtaken and punished before reaching the mountains had I been fortunate enough to have a good guide. The Navajos who were with me made excellent trailers, but were unacquainted with the country west of Sierra Oscura. The Apaches are now hidden in Guadalupe Mountains, or in Las Limpias, where they will doubtless remain until necessity compels them to make service in cutting off these savages in that event, as they must pass through one of the gaps or canons of the Sacramento Range opening on the desert, and could be overtaken and punished by cavalry mounted on fresh horses; whereas cavalry weary with a pursuit of many days, would not be able to hope for much success.

