
and their horses are in poor condition. They are busy laying a plot by which to capture some of the colored troops at this post in order to be revenged for the loss inflicted upon them at Point Isabel. I cannot see how any such plot can be successful, as the colored troops are no more or hardly as much exposed as the white. There is a force of the enemy which has not yet been in Brownsville; it consists of about 400 cavalry and is stationed above Laredo on the river. This, together with the force under Ford, mentioned above, comprises the entire force of the enemy, as near as I can learn, in this part of the country. Mr. Pierce is of the opinion that Ford rather fears than designs an attack, as his men have a wholesome fear of artillery. I take pleasures in reporting to you that there is a marked improvement in the discipline and general conduct of the First Texas Cavalry, concerning which I advised you in my last report. No more desertions have occurred since then, and I am in hopes that all the disorderly and unreliable men of the command were those who have left.

The health of the troops under my command is fair, although the want of fresh vegetables is felt in no small degree. Two-thirds of the men in hospital are afflicted with the scurvy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago, Tex.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

AUGUST 4-SEPTEMBER 15, 1864.-Scout from Fort Union, N. Mex.

Report of Captain Nicholas S. Davis, First California Infantry.

SANTA FE, N. MEX., October 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I left Fort Union August 4, 1864. On the 7th of that month at the breaks of Red River I met three Mexicans, who reported that on the 1st of August, while in camp at Lower Cimarron, Springs, a party of Indians (Kiowas and Comanches), about seventy in number, came to the camp apparently friendly. They, after being in camp a short time, made a sudden attack, killing all the Americans with the train, five in number. They gave the Mexicans, as they did not wish to kill them; but that they would kill every white man that came on the road. On the 10th of the same month near Lone Mountain met the trains of Messrs. Zuna and Armizo, who reported that on the 6th, while camped at the Arroyo de los Plumas (or hole in the rock), six miles west of upper crossing of Cimarron, a party of about thirty Indians run off 135 mules from their trains, none of which were recovered. At the same time a large party were seen on a ridge to the north who had a large amount of stock, which they were driving to the south. On arriving at the Lower Springs on the 18th found the remains of the five murdered men, scattered over the prairie. Had them gathered up and buried. On the 23rd arrived at west end of Dry Route, and found in camp some seven trains, eighty-four wagons in all; also a company of the First Colorado Cavalry, Captain Hardy in command, who had arrived from Fort Larned about two hours before me. The wagon-masters reported that they arrived in camp at that place at 1 o'clock August 21. About one hour after sixty or seventy

