
Indians (Kiowas and Comanches) attacked the trains, driving off 240 head of oxen and killing a wagon-master by name of Blanchard. Their cattle were driven to the south toward the Canadian and its tributaries. Received information here that about ten days before the Indians had attacked a train belonging to George Bryant while camped near upper crossing, driving off nearly all the mules; also that nearly all the public animals from Fort Larned had been driven off. Saw at Walnut Creek the point where a train had been attacked in July, 10 men killed, 2 boys scalped alive, and they still survive. This occurred in full view, of and about one mile distant from a military post, where a company of troops were stationed. I saw at Cow Creek where a train was attacked and 2 men killed. All these depredations were reported to me by men who were present as being committed by Kiowas and Comanches combined. On the night of September 15, white in camp on Arkansas River, an Indian boy about fifteen years of age came in and reported that he was a Ute, who had been taken prisoner by the Comanches and from whom he had escaped. Three nights before all the toe nails on his left foot had been torn off and a hole burned through his foot. This was evidently done for the purpose of preventing his escape. This boy was brought to Fort Union and returned to his tribe through Colonel Carson.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICHOLAS S. DAVIS,

Captain, First Infantry California Volunteers.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico.

AUGUST 5, 1864.-Skirmish near Remount Camp, Ark.

Report of Major Lyman G. Willcox, Third Michigan Cavalry.

REMOUNT CAMP, ARK., August 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the report that at about 5 o'clock this evening Captain Adamson, of my command, who was in charge of the herd guard of eighty men on duty on the prairies, was attacked by a band of five guerrillas dressed in Federal uniform. The captain, a corporal, and one private had ridden to the house of a Mr. Spinks and asked for a glass of water, when they were attacked by the guerrillas, who seemed to have been following them. Captain Adamson was severely wounded, the corporal was wounded in the arm, and the private soldier taken prisoner. The guerrillas immediately left in great haste, taking with them the horses and arms of Captain Adamson's party.

Your obedient servant,

L. G. WILLCOX,

Major, Commanding Detachment Third Michigan Cavalry.

[Captain C. H. DYER.]

AUGUST 5, 1864.-Affair at Doyal's Plantation, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Defense of New Orleans.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Cyrus Hamlin, Eightieth U. S. Colored Troops.

Numbers 4.-Major S. Pierre Remington, Eleventh New York Cavalry.

