
Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Defenses of New Orleans.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, August 15, 1864.

SIR: I ordered some time ago through Colonel Hamlin, commanding District of Bonnet Carre, detailed report of the affair at Doyal's plantation, wherein four companies of the Eleventh New York Cavalry were surrounded by a detachment of the enemy and summoned to surrender. All the information I have of the affair is a sort telegram stating that Major Remington in cutting his way through the rebels lost some eighty men and his camp equipage, &amp;c. I have been unofficially informed that the Eleventh New York Cavalry has been recently transferred to another command. I therefore inform you as above, hoping that this detailed report will be demanded for the interest of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

THIBODEAUX, August 5, 1864.

I have just received the following from Donaldsonville. I do not like to send troops over the Mississippi River without your directions:

Major Remington, of Eleventh New York Cavalry, with three squads of his command, were surrounded by the enemy at Doyal's plantation, six miles above here on the opposite side of the river, this morning. Colonel Scott, commanding the rebel forces, under flag of truce, demanded an unconditional surrender,giving five minutes to decide. Major Remington refused and cut his way through the enemy. He is now with his force directly opposite this point. I have the First Louisiana Infantry in readiness to send across if required. Have six guns in the fort I bring to bear across the river. Major Remington has a force of from 600 to 700 men. I know nothing of the enemy's force. The officer who came in with flag of truce started that they had two brigades of cavalry and a battery. They have artillery, as they used it when our forces cut their way through. Major Remington is now making a thorough reconnaissance. Will telegraph as soon as they return.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Captain MATTHEWS:

The general says you can authorize General Cameron to send the First Louisiana across there if he thinks the case requires it.

NEWHALL

