
THIBODEAUX, August 6, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received New Orleans 7 p. m.)

I have just received the following from Colonel Fiske, at Donaldsonville:

Major Shaw, at Plaquemine, reports that his pickets were attacked this morning about 5 o'clock by a force of mounted infantry, supposed to be about 100 strong. The enemy's loss was 5 killed and wounded. Our loss 2 killed and 3 prisoners. The enemy retreated toward Indian Village. All quiet on the others side of the river. Colonel Scott immediately retired across the Amite after his attack yesterday morning. His object was to capture our force at Doyal's plantation; he had a brigade of cavalry and a battery; the pieces he used were 12-pounders. Major Remington's loss was 80 captured, with horses and equipments. They were mostly sick who were captured. All quiet at this post.

I am, truly, yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General District.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Reports of Colonel Cyrus Hamlin, Eightieth, U. S. Colored Troops.

BONNET CARRE, August 5, 1864-9.30 p. m.

SIR: I have to report that I received a dispatch from Major Remington, Eleventh New York Cavalry, that he was attacked this morning by Colonel Scott, with his brigade of cavalry and one battery, and unconditional surrender demanded. He cut his way through Colonel Scott's cavalry, which was thrown out in a corn-field, completely encircling him. Loss small, except camp and garrison equipage, and sick men prisoners. Major Remington had his horse shot under him, and Captain Norris was shot through the shoulder. I am awaiting for a more complete report from Major Remington.

Respectfully,

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BONNET CARRE, August 6, 1864.

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front. After attacking us yesterday Scott fell back on the road leading to Bayou Manchac. The Eleventh New york pursued them to Hampton's Ferry, where they crossed the Amite. The loss is about 80 men taken prisoners, who were not able to mount, being sick. Captain Norris and several men wounded. Scott's force was not over 600 men, with four pieces of artillery. I gave orders yesterday morning to Major Remington to send out a scout and to be vigilant, and patrols in roads in rear of the plantations. Communication with Baton Rouge was established soon after I reported to you yesterday.

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

