
Numbers 4. Report of Major S. Pierre Remington, Eleventh New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY (SCOTT'S 900),Doyal's Plantation, La., August-, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have for the first time since the affair of the 5th instant the leisure to enable me to forward you a full report:

Colonel John S. Scott, commanding rebel forces at Clinton, appeared in the back road of the plantation on which I am located about daylight on the morning of the 5th. Not supposing that he had to exceed 500 or 600 men, I immediately ordered my men to mount and prepared to attack him. I had 206 men for duty. While organizing the two squadrons, Colonel Scott marched his men through the corn-field and woods and completely surrounded my camp, and opened with two pieces of artillery not before discovered, and at once sent in a flag of truce with a note of which the following is a copy:

COMMANDING OFFICER FORCES ON DOYAL'S PLANTATION:

To avoid a useless effusion of blood, I hereby demand an unconditional surrender of the stockade and the forces under your command. I have a brigade of cavalry and a battery of artillery at my immediately disposal. Your refusal or compliance with this demand must be made within five minutes after reception.

Respectfully,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding.

I of course replied that the command would not be surrendered; but in order to save the effective part of it, immediate action was necessary, for they had four pieces of artillery (three 12-pounders and one 20-pounder) in position. I informed the men that we must cut through their line and charged down the levee road toward the telegraph station. They opened from three guns with shot and shell, but as they had no time to get range their shot were not effective. They had evidently supposed we would attempt to defend the stockade, and their cavalry, which might have charged our flank, stood like posts, and the force in our immediate front fell back in confusion, keeping up an ineffective but heavy fire from carbines and shotguns. Our charge was impetuous and spirited, and while we had but 1 officers (Captain Norris) and 2 privates wounded the enemy took off two loads of wounded and buried four men between this and the Amite. They carried off all our sick men but one, and a larger number than I had at first supposed of well men. The horses and equipments of these men were also lost and three of the teams. I got together as soon as possible about 100 more men, and with gun-boat Numbers 27 cam back so soon that they had no time to remove any considerable quantity of stores or camp equipage, nor nothing yet discovered of consequence amongst regimental papers. Lieutenant Burgess, in charge of the advance of my men in pursuit, came up with them and wounded 4 of their rear guard, but they crossed successfully the Amite as they came. Nothing was taken from any plantation except this and Mr. Minor's, adjoining. From this about thirty mules were taken, and from Mr. Minor's eight horses. Colonel Scott in this affair crossed the Amite and marched directly for this camp, expecting to capture the detachment under my command, and evidently for no other object,and failing, went directly back. He had not less than 1,500 men with him and reserves posted at the Dutch Store and Civic's Ferry. Two-thirds of the well men taken were eight slow fellows and always in the wrong place, or men who shirked the

