
charge, which it was supposed would be quite desperate. I annex list of prisoners and wounded and sketch* of the situation (made by Lieutenant Nicholetts) at the time we cut our way out.

In justice to him I take pleasure in stating that the conduct of Captain John Norris was deserving of all commendation, as was also that of the officers and men who went through with me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. REMINGTON,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. C. HODSDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Bonnet Carre.

List of prisoners and missing.

Captain W. F. Raymond, Company A; First Lieutenant J. R. Wood, Company L. Sergt. Major F. C. Davis; Hospital Steward Freeman; non-commissioned officers and privates-sick, 53; not sick, 37. Total enlisted 92. Total of horses taken, 130.

About fifty of the horses taken were excellent animals. Twenty-five or thirty of them were sick and glandered horses, and the balance ponies, many of which had previously been taken from Doyal's men.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, September 3, 1864.

Respectfully forward to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

So much of the report as relates to a surprise is not commended, but the regiment has subsequently acquitted itself with credit.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Doyal's Plantation, August 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In reference to the order requiring me to report the facts concerning my action at Doyal's plantation and the reasons of my being surrounded by the enemy without my knowledge, I have the honor to state:

The affair alluded to occurred on the morning of the 5th instant. on the 8th I forwarded full reports to the officer of the chief of cavalry, Department of the Gulf, and copy to Colonel hamlin, then commanding the district, which reports were, I am informed, satisfactory to those officers. My camp has always been kept thoroughly picketed, and the approach of a body of cavalry was announced to me by my pickets on the new river road in time to allow my men to saddle up and mount. This was done with the exception of the men unfit for duty by reason of sickness. The country back of my camp is thickly wooded, and the immediate surroundings are immense corn-fields. I could not discover that the enemy had artillery nor their exact strength, and intended to attack them in such a manner as to cover and protect my camp. By moving his men through the woods and corn-fields, Colonel Scott got his men into position, having a regiment on each of the three sides of my camp and his battery in position, about the same time that I got my men in line. His men were formed at a distance of from one-half to three-quarters of a mile from me, when I discovered that he

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

