
attacked yesterday morning, the particulars of which I suppose you are aware of. I sent the garrison and two pieces of artillery back this morning to reoccupy the stockade.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, August 6, 1864.

The commanding officer at Plaquemine reports that his pickets were attacked this morning by about 100 mounted infantry. They drove in the pickets at first, and about fifty of them got into town; the pickets were re-enforced and drove them from street to street out of town. They then retreated toward the village, carrying their wounded in a wagon. Our loss is 3 killed and wounded, 4 taken prisoners; their loss is supposed to be the same. For the want of cavalry he was unable to pursue them. I would most respectfully request that a battalion of the Fourth Wisconsin, Major Craigue, commanding, now stationed at Morganza, be ordered to report to me so as to enable me to re-enforce this post with sufficient cavalry. I desire this command more particularly, for the reason that Major Craigue is acquainted with every road and by-path in the district.

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain O. MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

August 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters.

The small detachment of cavalry now at Plaquemine is under orders to join the regiment at Morganza (about twenty-five or thirty men). Sufficient cavalry for picket and scouting purposes in needed there, but nothing more, unless it is required to engage a large force of the enemy outside the works, which would require a much larger force of other arms in proportion. Should the enemy attack Plaquemine in force its garrison can hold out long enough for large re-enforcements to arrive from Morganza, but until the enemy develops his real plans, I think the shifting of troops any more than absolutely necessary for current and routine service would be injudicious. I recommend that a company of cavalry be sent there to relieve the small detachment ordered to Morganza.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 6-9, 1864.-Scout in Saline County, Mo., with skirmishes (7th) at Arrow Rock.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Marshall, Mo., August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Since my report of the 5th instant I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I

