
Lieutenant W. F. Webster, Company D,who volunteered his services to accompany me, rendered very efficient service during the whole expedition. Lieutenant David, Thirty-fifth Missouri, is also entitled to much praise for valuable service rendered. Both of these officers seemed to be always where they were the most needed. Too much praise cannot be awarded to the other officers of the Fifteenth for promptness and bravery in executing every command. The men, too, are entitled to their share of praise for their gallantry. One determination seemed to predominate, and that was to save the command at any cost. The officers and men of the Fifteenth all unite in awarding the highest praise to the officers and men of the colored troops for their stubborn bravery in every action of the day.

The casualties in our regiment are as follows: 1 private, Company C, slightly wounded; 1 private of Company B, who accompanied Colonel Brooks as guide, missing.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. CARMICHAEL,

Major, Commanding Detachment Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry Vols.

Captain T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist.of Eastern Arkansas.

No. 9. Report of Lieutenant Harmon T. Chappel, Battery E, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTY. E, SECOND U. S. Colonel, ARTY. (LIGHT), Helena, Ark., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of July 25, at 4.30 p.m., in company with Colonel Brooks, of the Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, in command of detachments from the Fifty-sixth and Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry, with one section of Battery E, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (light), commanded by Captain J. F. Lembke, we moved out on the Little Rock road with orders to guard the crossing at Big Creek, eighteen miles from this place.

We proceeded without delay as ordered until 9 p.m.,when we halted one hour to rest and get supper, and again moved forward until 3 a.m. 26th instant, within half a mile of Big Creek, where we halted till daylight. At daylight, leaving the transportation, two caissons and the rifled gun, with parts of two companies of infantry, we moved ahead and took position at the crossing of Big Creek,while Colonel Brooks with part of the infantry crossed over to make a reconnaissance. In less than an hour he returned, reporting no enemy in that vicinity, and at once ordering the force left in the rear forward, and that breakfast be got and the teams watered and fed. Before the teams were all unhitched it was rumored that the enemy was advancing upon our rear. I at once got the rifled gun into position about 200 yards from the creek and facing our left, and awaited their approach. The enemy were concealed in the thick timber and were within 150 yards of us before I opened on them,when they charged with a yell, but being well supported by Captain Brown, of the Sixtieth, with sixteen men,and Captain Patten, of the Fifty-sixth,with twenty-five men, and using canister rapidly and carefully, we repulsed them. They next took position

