
AUGUST 6-16, 1864.-Expedition from Little Rock to Little Red River, Ark., with skirmishers at Hickory Plains and Bull Bayou (7th), at Hatch's Ferry (9th), near augusta (10th), and near Searcy (13th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Arkansas.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3.-Major James F. Dwight, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, Volunteer Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 4.-Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Arkansas.

LITTLE ROCK, August 14, 1864.

GENERAL: The command under Brigadier-General West encountered McCray near Searcy, beat them and pursued toward jacksonport, where it is supposed Shelby was about crossing White River in order to go south. Scouts and deserters report that the rebels in my front are falling back across Saline River. The party sent to burn the depot at Princeton stampeded the guard, but the leader being wounded failed to burn the rebel supplies. This may be the cause of their withdrawing part of their force. Dobbin is reported still hovering about Helena. Shelby has supplied his conscripts with arms through smugglers in Memphis. From all accounts it is his intention now to rejoin Price as soon as possible. West will make every effort to catch him which-ever way he goes. This is the third expedition I have fitted out against Shelby within a few weeks. The excuses given for not catching him are that they could not get supplies and were obliged to return. Brigadier-General Carr had Shelby in his grasp at one time, in the opinion of his officers.

The following-named troops have been ordered home during this month, some on account of expiration of time of service and others on furlough: Second Indiana Battery, 100; First Iowa Cavalry, 360; Sixty-first Illinois Infantry (veteran), 220; Sixty-second Illinois, 360; Third Minnesota (six companies), 200; Fifth Kansas Cavalry, 120. Time of service of First Indiana Cavalry will expire next week.

Very respectfully,

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,Camp Three and a half miles west of White River, Opposite Augusta, august 9, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a small affair occurred between the advance of Colonel Geiger's command and jackman's forces, at Hickory plains, on the 7th instant. The enemy fell back, and

