
Having in view the object it would be to Shelby to get out of this country with the force he has conscripted I am prepared to intercept him should he attempt to get southward from Batesville. I move this morning to a point fifteen miles up the Little Red in Searcy Valley, where I shall have better advantages in foraging animals and can await the information to be obtained by a scout I have sent in the direction of Jacksonport. If Shelby is quietly remaining in Jacksonport I can do him no damage, as the Big Black is an obstacle that I cannot overcome. In the event of his being there I shall employ the detachment in beating up the country for small parties of the enemy and then return to your lines. In order to move with greater facility I send the sick, the prisoners, and the supply train to Devall's Bluff this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Commanding District of Little Rock.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., October 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from headquarters District of Little Rock, to "proceed with all the available cavalry of the district in pursuit of the enemy, reported to be on Little Red River, and pursue them until they are captured or dispersed," I left this post on the 6th of August last for the section of country indicated in your orders. The command was divided for convenience into two provisional brigades. These were commanded respectively, by Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, and Colonel James Stuart, Tenth Illinois Cavalry. The aggregate strength of my command was 3,094. Two section of the Fifth Ohio Battery and two mountain howitzers comprised the artillery. Verbal instructions from the district commander left me at liberty to employ my force according to my best judgment in case the enemy fell back beyond the Little Red. The First Brigade, in moving from devall's Bluff, to unite with the remainder of the command, drove a rebel force of some 300 men, reported to be Jackman's, out of Hickory Plains on the 7th of August, killing 4 and taking 7 prisoners, without loss on our side. Colonel Geiger joined me at Bull Bayou the same evening. The advance of the Second Brigade, the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Calkins commanding, exchanged shots with a picket of the enemy at Bull Bayou. The rebels were evidently falling back and merely watching our movements. Moved to Searcy the 8th of August. Reported by all the inhabitants that the enemy passed over the road traveled that day in great haste. At Searcy learned that McCray, who commanded the rebel force, was moving night and day to Jacksonport, to effect a junction with Shelby, who was reported to have returned from the direction of Helena. August 9, I marched to White River opposite to Augusta, with the intention of crossing at that point and moving upon Shelby at Jacksonport. Sent communication to district commander that evening requesting steam-boats should be sent up from Devall's Bluff to effect the crossing. August 10, sent 1,000 men of Second Brigade to Denmark, as a feint, that the main body would march to Jacksonport by the west side of White River. Destroyed a salt-work near Grand Glaize Creek, and took 8 prisoners. Crossed the Third Michi-

