
gan Cavalry at Augusta and occupied the town. August 11, moved the only flat-boat to be found-a miserable affair for crossing a force-to Hatch's Ferry, four miles above Augusta. Wishing to gain time, crossed the Eighth Missouri Cavalry by that means and swimming the horses. Heavy rains, the slow progress of crossing by the flat, and the certainty that artillery and wagons could not be crossed with the means at hand, induced me to guard against any attempted offensive movement by the enemy. Shelby's and McCray's forces united could bring 4,000 men against me, and I had to guard against their coming down either bank of White River and attacking my force, while engaged in crossing. Rumors to that effect reaching me the two regiments on the east bank were recrossed to the main command during the night. August 12, no steamers arriving from Devall's Bluff, abandoned the idea of co-operation from that quarter and returned to searcy. August 13, sent all the sick (the rains were very heavy, and camps last few days in canebrakes) and train to Devall's Bluff. Sent a small reconnaissance toward Denmark. This party encountered the enemy ten miles from Searcy; re-enforced it with Third U. S. Cavalry, under Captain Howland, with orders to proceed to Fairview. This was done, the rebels losing 1 man and falling back. One man of Eighth Missouri Cavalry was wounded. Moved with main force eleven miles up the west bank of the Little Red, and encamped. Sent a detachment to Hilcher's Ferry and communicated with Captain Howland at Fairview. August 14, learned that there was no enemy, but a few stragglers, on the west side of White River. The command had now been in the field eight days; the only forage obtainable was unripe corn. The horses had been very scantily fed for months previously, and their condition, particularly that of the artillery animals, was not equal to a march exceeding twenty miles per day. It become apparent that it was useless to attempt to cross White River at Jacksonport. Shelby could successfully contest my crossing at that point or fall back faster than he could be followed. August 15, returned to Bull Bayou en route for Devall's Bluff and Little Rock. Scattered the command by various roads to clear the country of bushwhackers. August 16, reached Little Rock.

The results of the expedition have already been detailed. No enemy remained west of White River. The command was pushed into the field without proper preparation; the animals were in wretched condition. Officers and men acquitted themselves creditably, but there were irregularities, showing the necessity of much stricter discipline than was practiced.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock.

Numbers 3. Report of Major James F. Dwight, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, Volunteer Aide-de-Camp.

Journal of cavalry (regiment and detachments set forth on previous page) setting out from Little Rock, Ark., northward,

