
August 6, 1864, under command of Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, pursuant to the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 58. Little Rock, Ark., August 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed with all the available cavalry of this district in pursuit of the enemy's, reported to be on Little Red River, and will pursue them until they are captured or dispersed.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

REMARKS.

Saturday, August 6, 1864.-Left Huntersville, opposite Little Rock, at 7.30, Second Brigade, Colonel Stuart, having moved with train at 6. Road runs down river three or four miles, then turns to the left and north, and crosses railroad to Devall's Bluff in a few rods. Pickets at turning. Passed broken-down wagon at railroad-cause, tongue broken; load transferred. Overtook train two miles and a half south of Bayou Metoe, train stalling badly, owing to the weakness of mules, one wagon unloaded. Pushed on to Bayou Metoe, twelve miles, where found bridge useless, flooring removed. Some buildings of heavy timbers near by with which it might be repaired. Artillery was crossing at rude string piece bridge, three-quarters mile above. Horses were taken out of the artillery, and guns run across by hand. Train same way when it came up. Bank easy slope, ten feet high. Ford, saddle skirt deep, a few rods above. When the train came up, pushed on with the command, leaving Third Missouri Cavalry as train guard. Road good to Bayou Two Prairies, five miles. Crossed it by ford; deep on left bank. Bridge just below might be repaired. Went on to Austin (or Oakland Post-Office), eight miles. Good road most of way. Some swampy tracts; carts passed by daylight. Went into camp at Austin. Trains could not get up, but went into camp five miles below. Steam grist-mill at Austin makes thirty barrels a day. Forty men of Twenty-second Ohio Mounted Infantry joined us by Brownsville road near Austin.

Sunday, August 7.-Lieutenant-Colonel Calkins, with 250 Third Wisconsin and 50 U. S. Regulars, pushed on at early dawn to Stony Point, eight miles north, with instructions to drive the enemy, if found and not too strong, beyond Stony Point.

N. B.-Found Captain W. C. Robinson, Company C, Glenn's regiment, Third Brigade (rebel), Arkansas, wounded and paroled here, from Helena fight, in July, 1863; is badly wounded in hip and will die.

Train and guard getting up at 11.30 o'clock, after delay by reason of tongue breaking, and teams weak; moved on at 12.12. Made Cypress Bottom Bayou at 1.45 o'clock; bridge in decent order; declivity to the bottom somewhat steep from the south, gradual slope up from the bottom northward. Road muddy but not bad. Went on to Jackson's farm, seven miles from Austin, and waited half an hour till train closed up, then to Stony Point, three-quarters of a mile more, where found Lieutenant-Colonel Calkins' command. He had seen no rebels. Pushed on to Bull Bayou, one mile farther, and went into camp. Some picket-firing. Just as advance neared Bull Bayou the rebels ran and tried to tear up flooring of the bridge, but had not time to do much damage. Colonel Geiger, with First Brigade, reported at 6 o'clock, having come up from Devall's Bluff, and went into camp on north side bayou. Reports a

15 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

