
fight with Jackman and 300 or 400 men at Hickory Plains to-day. A few rebels killed and taken prisoners. Major Snelling, with 250 Tenth Illinois, joined from Lewisburg as we came to camp. A reconnaissance of Third Wisconsin developed a few rebels, fugacious, and firing on north side bayou. Learned that Jackman passed north from Hickory Plains, about two miles beyond bridge, this morning, having come out from neighborhood road near Franklin's Mill, used by rebels for grinding, on creek four miles south of east from Jackson's road down the bottom.

Monday, August 8.-Second Brigade moved at early dawn; First Brigade with train at 8 o'clock. Caney Creek, five miles north of Bull Bayou, dry. Quarles' Brigade, over Bayou Des Arc, three miles further, in decent order. Third Michigan held bridge and pushed on direct road toward Searcy; Colonel Stuart with rest of brigade crossed two miles and a half above, and came down on Searcy from west. No rebels in Searcy. Reported by all the inhabitants that the passed through the road traversed to-day in great haste last night traveling northward. Searcy pretty much deserted; no buildings destroyed. From Searcy went up to Little Red River Landing, two miles and a half. Road descends all way, timbered and fields, easily defended from an attack from north. Went into camp on Little Red, on south side. Stuart came up soon after and crossed the ford, going into camp in open field beyond. Water very camp on Little Red, on south side. Stuart came up soon after and crossed the ford, going into camp in open fields beyond. Water very low in the Red; rough rocky bed to stream; banks thirty feet high; even. From September to June this stream is navigable to White River boats, very low during June, July and August. Road from Searcy, four miles east, leads to Prospect Bluffs; good ford. The rebels under McCray and Jackman all crossed the ford before light this morning, hastening north. From information received from inhabitants they were about 800 strong. They went twelve miles northeast, on the Grand Glaize road, and stopped at Stephen's Creek. Shelby is reported to be crossing, or to have crossed, the White at Augusta with intent to join them.

Tuesday, August 9.-Moved,, with Geiger's (First) brigade leading, with two 12-pounder howitzers. A detachment Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, under Captain Kauffman, of 120 men, left at daylight to reconnoiter ahead all day, if not attacked. After crossing the Little Red the road runs northward for one mile and a quarter, then turns east, and passing over a high and good but stony road descends a steep declivity 100 fee high to the Overflow-named given to a creek which bounds on the west the swamps of the Mingo. About six miles from the landing a road to the left leads toward Grand Glaize, and to the right to Prospect Bluffs, three miles. After leaving the Overflow the road runs through the heavy bottom lands of the Mingo Swamps eight miles, to Glaize Creek, all timbered, with little underbrush; must be bad in wet weather. The Mingo is not much of a creek, though bad crossing on account of the deep mud; narrow. Stuart's brigade remains at bridge First encamps at headquarters, two miles and a half below, on road to Augusta. After crossing bridge at Glaize road leads down directly east on a tongue of land to a point of land opposite Augusta, seven miles from bridge; also turns to left and leads three miles northeast to the White River, then turns down the bank two miles to a ferry called Hatch's, whence it is two miles to Augusta. Likewise on this last road another to the left, about two miles from the bridge, leads to Grand Glaize and Denmark. The whole land below the bridge is canebrake, with heavy bottom growth. The road toward the point narrow,

