
with several sloughs with steep banks-corduroy crossings-in bad order. After leaving the Overflow there are very few habitations and clearings. After crossing the Glaize Creek only two habitations, one three miles below the bridge on right-hand side and one five miles and half below on left hand, and on the run bank (Chambers'). The banks of this tongue of land are low on the south side and bluff on the north side; sand spit opposite Augusta; run about twelve yards wide. Detachment of Third Michigan, Captain Latimer, seized ferry-boat at Hatch's in the p. m.; got it across under cover of their rifles, with a fight across the stream with a body of rebels, and after night-fall took it down below Augusta, together with a skiff. Saw rebel pickets rushing about on our arrival. From a lagoon, about three-quarters of a mile long, on the road to the point, transferred a dug-out down and across the point three miles, and launched it below Augusta. Sent three men therein to Devall's Bluff with dispatches after dark.

Wednesday, August 10.-Seven o'clock moved Third Michigan down to point opposite Augusta. Crossed sergeant and seven men on the ferry-boat half a mile below, who came up and drove out few rebel pickets, then in evening brought up boat and crossed whole regiment, with two mountain howitzers of Tenth Illinois Cavalry, and sent ferry-boat up to ferry, two miles above. Third Michigan picketed strongly on road going out. Strong detachments from Second Brigade went northward toward Grand Glaize and Denmark to develop the enemy in that direction, with instructions to return not late than 10 o'clock to-morrow. Colonel Stuart reports destruction of salt-works, three miles and a half southwest from Glaize bridge, last night; 11 kettles, 60 evaporating vats, and 8 prisoners. Capacity about two bushels a day. Only works about here. In Augusta Shelby reported to have gone north with his command, which was encamped four miles off on Sunday. Calling in his commands and intending to drive McCray at Jacksonport, where he has a pontoon bridge across the Big Black, move back headquarters and First Brigade to the Glaize bridge.

Thursday, August 11.-Ferry-boat having been taken up to Hatch's the Eighth Missouri crossed there; Ninth Iowa moved down on Ferry road and camped on bank of river one mile above ferry; Eleventh Missouri and First Nebraska camped at place where the road strikes river. Horses eat corn; no forage to be had. Shelby reported concentrating, to attack on east side of White,and no sign of the boats from Devall's Bluff yet. The Eighth is recrossed and boat sent down to Augusta for the Third Michigan to recross on. Very heavy rain storm commenced at 12 and lasted all day. The scout from north returned, having been to Denmark and gaining no tidings of the enemy save that McCray had rushed across the river to Jacksonport and joined Shelby there.

Friday, August 12.-Moved back from river with First Brigade. The Third Michigan crossed unopposed at Augusta. Joined at Glaize bridge and command took up march for Searcy; reached it at 3 and went into camp on south side, with pickets at fords above and below. Sent guides and three men Eighth Missouri through to General Steele, with messages at evening.

Saturday, August 13.-Detachment of fifty men Eighth Missouri Cavalry, Captain McAdoo, sent northward by Denmark road at early day. Fell in with rebels eight miles out; had a skirmish, and sent back for re-enforcements. The Third U. S. Cavalry, 250 men, were

