
sent to his assistance with instructions to develop the enemy. The supply train and worn-out horses sent back toward Devall's Bluff, with 125 sick and thirty escort. Moved out of camp toward Searcy. The First Brigade went into line of battle, and with skirmishers out between camp and Searcy. Moved at 11 o'clock thought Searcy, on the Sugar Loaf Springs road, eleven and a half miles to Goad's, at intersection of this with the old military road from Little Rock to Batesville. Road leaves Searcy Valley on left, winds up and crosses a stony, rough divide with open oak woods. several plantations on the road. The road lies on the rough hill for about five miles. Crossed Panther Creek six miles from Searcy. Camped at Goad's Ford; found five wagon loads of old corn near camp. Sent pickets to Hilcher's Ferry, ten miles on the Little Red. Lieutenant Guirado, aide-de-camp, and twelve men sent after the Third United States from the landing at 10 o'clock, with instructions to have them return via Hilcher's Ferry. Messengers arrived at 6 p. m. from Third United States; had joined the Eighth Missouri and advanced, but found no enemy. Sent party to Hilcher's Ferry, and thence to Fairview, to communicate with Third United States.

Sunday, August 14.-Lay in camp all day. Some picket-firing on the Searcy road, and a body of fifty reported. Sent out a scout who scattered them in direction of Little Red. Surgeon Foote, with escort of Ninth Iowa, reported having come up the White River in steamer Celeste, sent from Devall's Bluff in response to dispatch sent from Augusta. The boat landed him above the Red River,and he came through the country till he struck our trail. Reports tumbling into a party last night of five or eight rebels, who fled, firing. Boat arrived up at Friday eve, twenty-five miles below Augusta by the river, which there makes a great bend. A messenger from Captain McAdoo was fired on between here and Searcy to-day by two men. Lieutenant Guirado, with escort, came in at close of day from McAdoo, via Hilcher's Ferry. Reports no rebels discovered by that command as far as Fairview.

Monday, August 15, 6 o'clock.-Broke camp at early hour and moved back to Searcy, leaving Eleventh Missouri at Goad's, to await coming up of the Third United States from Searcy to Bayou Des Arc, where First Brigade diverged toward Hickory Plains, and Second and headquarters went on and into camp at Bull Bayou. First Brigade was ordered to Devall's Bluff by best road.

Tuesday, August 16.-The general commanding and staff, with Twenty-second Ohio Mounted Infantry (forty men), left Bull Bayou at 5 o'clock and pushed on to Brownsville, where took cars for Little Rock. Colonel Stuart, with Second Brigade, went on to Bayou Metoe, and camped; repaired the bridge, and on the 17th marched on to the Rock. The train sent from Searcy with the sick put into Brownsville in distress, owing to the weakness of the mules, and the men were transferred to Devall's Bluff by cars. Colonel Geiger's command arrived safe.

From Little Rock to Austin, twenty-five miles; Austin to Searcy Landing, twenty-six miles and a half; Searcy Landing to Augusta, twenty-five miles; Augusta to Searcy, twenty-five miles; Searcy Landing to Goad's, eleven miles and a half; Goad's to Searcy, nine miles; Searcy to Little Rock, fifty miles; total 172 miles.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, Volunteer Aide-de-Camp.

