
behind the work forming the bridge over the low ground,which compelled the infantry on my right to fall back; being us left without support on my right or left I fell back and joined the main force, at once reporting to Captain Lembke, who was on the right with the howitzer. Before he had given me any instructions he was shot dead,this about half an hour after the first gun was fired. i at once ordered the rifled gun to support the left under Sergeant Graham,and went to assist my men on the right. From this time until 11 a.m. we kept up a brisk fire, when we were joined by Major Carmichael, of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry,with about 100 men of his command. After holding a consultation the officers concluded to fall back, as the enemy would soon be re-enforced by troops from General Shelby's command. Having six horses killed and seven badly wounded it was impossible to bring off my caissons,and just at starting two other horses were shot, which forced me to leave all but my two guns and one limber.

The casualties were as follows: Killed, Captain J. F. Lembke; mortally wounded, Corpl. William Smizer,and left on the field; mortally wounded, Private Robert Jenkins, since dead; slightly wounded, Privates Thomas Thomas and Jacob Early; missing, Private Thomas Jeff. Green.

During the whole fight the colored men stood up to their duty like veterans, and it was owing to their strong arms and cool heads, backed by fearless daring, alone that I was able to get away either of my guns. They marched eighteen miles at once, fought five hours, against three to one, and were as eager at the end as at the beginning for the fight. Never did men, under such circumstances, show greater pluck or daring.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. CHAPPEL,

First Lieutenant.

Captain T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist.of Eastern Arkansas.

No. 10. Report of Brigadier General John M. Thayer, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Frontier.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Smith, Ark., July 30, 1864.

SIR: I have to report that on the morning of the 27th instant a force of between 1,500 and 2,000 rebels, under command of General Gano, all mounted, attacked my outpost, seven miles out,composed of about 200 men of the Sixth Kansas Cavalry,under command of Captain Mefford. They moved up in two columns,one driving in the pickets, the other flanking them. Captain Mefford formed his men and fought them bravely, but was very soon overpowered, and he and 82 men were taken prisoners, and the enemy retired before re-enforcements could be got to the relief of our men. I sent a force in pursuit but could not overtake them. There were 10 of our men killed and 15 wounded; 12 of the enemy killed and 20 wounded, left on the field. I have been obliged to keep a force out that distance so that our stock could graze on the prairie.

Some eight days ago eight of my citizen scouts surprised the pickets of the enemy and took 1 lieutenant and 6 men prisoners, and brought

