
had been successful. So they were up to my last communication, but at a subsequent period, with a force of eighty men, he was attacked by 400 Federals and handled pretty severely, losing 10 killed and 20 wounded.

Hoping to receive favorable views from my Missouri application, i am, very truly, yours,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Camden, Ark.

AUGUST 7, 1864.-Skirmish near Huntsville, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander F. Denny, Forty-Sixth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Huntsville, Mo., August 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to report that I moved from this place on the morning of the 7th with a small detachment of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanded by Sergeant Fisher, and detachments of Captain Mayo's and Lieutenant McKinsey's Volunteer Militia, commanded by Lieutenant Dunn. We came upon the trail of Jim Anderson, the notorious robber and guerrilla, some five miles south of this place, about 10 o'clock, and after pursuing it about two hours lost it. I scoured the brush for miles, and at 2 p. m. came out upon the road from Huntsville to Fayette, at the residence of Owen Bagby. Four of our men rode up to the house, when Anderson and his men commenced firing upon them from the house. I ordered the column to dismount and charge them on foot. The boys came up in fine style, with a deafening yell, when Anderson mounted his men and retreated hastily through the rear of the farm, having previously left the gates down. I ordered the men to remount, and with some five or six of the men who had their horses in advance, charged the enemy as he retreated through the fields. We were obstructed by gates and fences, and the enemy got under cover of the woods some 300 yards in advance of us. With the little handful of men in the advance I ordered a charge through the thick brush, which was made in gallant style, random shots being fired at us and returned by our men until we reached a long lane. Here the chase became fierce and rapid. We ran upon the rear, coming on two men mounted on one horse. The horse was shot from under them, and the men scaled the fence and took to the pastures. George Raynolds, of Captain Mayo's company, who was with me in the advance, having fired hi last shot fell back to reload. A short hand to-hand conflict with pistols ensued between the robber and myself, when, after the exchange of some four or five shots, George Peak, Company D, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, came to my relief and ended his existence with a rifle-shot. He had been previously wounded in the neck and back. John Kale, of Company D, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, pursued the other dismounted man on foot through the fields until he had exhausted his last shot, having previously wounded him in the neck. So soon as the men came up I ordered them forward, but Anderson being so well mounted could

