
not be overtaken. The men all conducted themselves well. At the time of the attack we were not fully aware of Anderson's strength. There were only ten men at Bagby's, yet their number was reported to us subsequently at thirty men. Result of the skirmish, 1 man killed and 1 mortally wounded; also Jim Anderson reported shot through the nose; 1 horse killed, 1 wounded, and 1 captured; also 1 gun and 4 or 5 pistols. Money taken from the person of the dead man: $90 in gold, $286 in greenbacks, $4.50 in silver, $16 W. M. B.; total, $396.50. Our loss, 1 horse. Anderson turned into the brush after a run of three miles and scattered his men. We followed the trail as long as we could, when we turned in the direction of Huntsville. We came upon his again at 6 o'clock in the brush within three miles of Huntsville. A few shots were fired by our men and an exciting chase of ten minutes followed, when the enemy was lost in the thick brush.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-sixth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

I have sent out men on fresh horses to go in pursuit this morning.

GENERAL: I have made rather a long report of a short fight, knowing that outside a military point of view you would feel a personal interest in my operations. Let me state here, general, that Bill Anderson has stated that he intended concentrating 200 men in Randolph, and this continuous hanging around indicates to my mind that such are his intentions.

A. F. D.

General J. B. DOUGLAS,

Commanding Eighth Military District, Mexico, Mo.

AUGUST 7, 1864.-Affair near Fort Lyon, Colo, Ter.

Report of Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter, August 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report for information of the colonel commanding that on the night of the 7th instant at about 10 o'clock I received intelligence that a train had been attacked about seven miles from this post by a band of Indians supposed to be Kiowas and Comanches, who immediately crossed to the south side of the river, and there joining a large party proceeded up the river. I immediately sent word to Captain Gray, at Camp Wynkoop, to throw his command on the opposite side of the Arkansas River to cut off the retreat of the Indians, should they proceed in that direction. In the meanwhile, with eighty men and one howitzer, I crossed the river at this point for the purpose of proceeding up the other side rapidly in pursuit. My command consisted of detachments of Company D, commanded by Captain Soule, and Company K, commanded by Lieutenant Quinby, and Company G, with howitzer, commanded by Lieutenant Baldwin. While crossing the river I received a dispatch from Bent's Ranch to the effect that a party of Indians had been there that evening, including Satanta, war chief of the Kiowas, and two more of their principal chiefs, that they had but a small party with them in sight, but the supposition was,

