
judging from the importance of the chiefs present, that a very large war party was in the immediate neighborhood. The dispatch also stated that the Indians had proceeded down the river, and a few miles below Bent's Ranch they attacked a house occupied by a family named Rood and murdered all the inmates. By a forced march I proceeded up in the direction of Bent's Ranch, seeing no signs of Indians until I reached the house said to have been attacked by the Indians, which was unoccupied, but which bore evidence of there having been a conflict, an attempt having been made to fire the house from the outside, which had proved unsuccessful. I afterward learned that the house had been gallantly defended by four men who had been attacked by fourteen of the proceeded as far as Bent's Ranch, scouting the country, but finding no evidence of there having been more than fourteen Indians, and those having apparently rapidly decamped in direction of the Cimarron, after fruitless search I returned to-day to this post, my men having been in the saddle for two nights, being entirely exhausted. I am well convinced Satanta with 1,000 or more warriors of the Kiowas and Comanches is located over on the Cimarron or in that vicinity. I have also received information that four white men have been murdered by these same Indians near the Cimarron Crossing. The available troops that I have in this garrison will not warrant me in attacking Satanta at present, not being able to take more than fifty men into the field, after leaving what would barely suffice for the absolute protection of the post, If it is possible I would respectfully recommend that I receive some re-enforcements, so that I may take a sufficient command in the field to punish this fiend Satanta and his murdering crew.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Fort Lyon.

Lieutenant J. S. MAYNARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Colo., Denver, Colo. Ter.

AUGUST 7-8, 1864.-Scout from Independence into La Fayette County, Mo.

Report of Captain Thomas Moses, jr., Second Colorado Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., August 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that pursuant to order I marched from this station at 4 a. m. on the 7th instant, with the following command, viz: Lieutenant Parson, Lieutenant Ducey, and 128 men. I proceeded south on the Pleasant Hill road as far as Grenter's farm, bit could not discover any fresh signs of the enemy; thence marched east for Round Prairie, and when near Snibar Station met Captain Blair, of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with his command, and as I found that he had just scouted through the Round Prairie country, I marched in the direction of Greenton, in La Fayette County. When near Lick Skillet, we discovered dive bushwhackers, at a distance of about one mile from us, when I ordered Lieutenant Ducey to take the advance guard and pursue them, which he did for about four miles, but could not overtake them, and returned to the command. Thence I marched to the place of Mr. Harp, living on the line of Jackson and La

