
Fayette Counties, and encamped for the night. Learned from good authority in the neighborhood that Thornton, Quantrill, Todd, Yeager, Taylor, Thrailkill, and Anderson were encamped four miles from that place on the 4th instant with from 300 to 500 men, but was unable to ascertain whether they had left or not. They were reported camped on the John Campbell farm. At daylight I marched for that place, but found that they had broken camp and left on the evening of the 5th instant; but judging by the appearance of their camp, should not think they had over 200 or 300 men. Mrs. Campbell informed me that Todd had 150 men; he came there with his command on Thursday morning, the 4th instant, and she thinks left the same evening. They divided up into small parties, and came in the direction of Blue River and Raytown. I also ascertained that small parties of from six to ten came from the north, northeast, and northwest on the same day, and returned the next morning, and judging from all the information that I could gather think that they meto hold a council of war, with what ulterior object I could not say. Thence I returned to this station, arriving at about 5 o'clock this p. m.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. MOSES, JR.,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Major J. NELSON SMITH,

Commanding Station, Independence, Mo.

AUGUST 8-11, 1864.-Scout from Salina to Mulberry Creek, Kans.

Reports of Captain Henry Booth, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Salina, August 7, 1864-4 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a dispatch just received from Smoky Hill Crossing concerning the stampeding of the horses of Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, stationed at that point. I learn from the dispatch bearer, who was one of the herders, that the Indians numbered from fifteen to seventeen. They came from toward the Arkansas River, but might have come from up the Smoky Hill and simply secreted themselves below the ranch to enable them to stampede the stock up the river. The Indians fired upon the herders with arrows mostly; one only fired with a fire-arm. The number of horses taken is from forty to forty-five, with five mules belonging to the Kansas Stage Company. After the Indians had driven the stock about a half a mile they appeared to be in no hurry. The soldiers from the ranch pursued them on foot as far as was any use, firing upon them with their carbines, but had accomplished nothing when the messenger left. I shall send a scout up the Saline River to-morrow morning, as I think there is more possibility of finding them on that stream than on the Smoky Hill. I shall go with the scout myself and acquaint myself with the country and gain such knowledge of the whereabouts of the Indians as possible. I would like to have enough men to make a thorough search of this country, but you are aware, general, that my company is but partially mounted and poorly armed to hunt Indians, having only carbines. I would like to have revolvers or sabers, or both. I have no transportation. It is my

