
opinion that the Indians are determined to take all the stock in this part of the country and mount themselves well before fighting much. The people here are alarmed about their stock. They are trying to raise a squad to pursue the Indians up the Smoky while I go up Saline River.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BOOTH,

Captain Co. L, Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding Post at Salina.

Major General S. R. CURTIS.

[Inclosure.]

SMOKY HILL CROSSING, August 7, 1864-9 a. m.

SIR: We have had all our horses stampeded this morning except two, which the herders rode. They were taken at 7 a. m. while out herding. There were about fifteen Indians in number, as near as I could judge. The horses were run directly up the Smoky.

W. H. STRUTHERS,

Sergeant, Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS,Salina, August 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the result of a scout made by myself and twenty enlisted men of my command up the Saline River, a distance of thirty-five of forty miles.

Sunday evening, August 7, 1864, I received a dispatch from Smoky Hill Crossing stating that the horses of H Company, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, had been stampeded and run off by a party of Indians. The dispatch stated that the stock had been run north. I immediately determined to proceed up the Saline River and intercept, if possible, the thieving redskins. We started Monday morning with four days' rations; having no transportation we could carry no more. We proceeded up the south bank of Saline River, throwing out flankers on each side to discover, if possible, traces of prowling bands of Indians. We marched this day about twenty-three miles and camped about a mile from the river to keep away from the timber, to guard against Indians stampeding our stock. Tuesday morning we continued up the river to the mouth of Elkhorn Creek, which we crossed and proceeded up the west bank. This creek heads in toward the Smoky Hill and affords a good place for Indians to resort to, as it is surrounded by high hills, is well watered, and has good grass for that county. We followed this creek to its head, scouting on both sides, but discovered no traces of Indians. We camped on the head of this stream Tuesday night. Wednesday morning we started south and struck the head of Clear Creek, a branch of Smoky Hill, which we examined thoroughly but discovered nothing. We then turned east and came upon the headwaters of Mulberry Creek, which stream we followed to Salina, where we arrived Thursday evening, August 11, 1864. The heads of the streams that run into the Saline and Smoky Hill Rivers afford a good place for Indians to rendezvous previous to making a descent upon any point east of them. I don't think there is or has been any Indians on the south side of Saline River within thirty-five miles of this place. I find upon my return that a messenger came into this post on Monday evening (as per

