
report) from the north side of Saline River, with a report that four men had been killed by Indians. The facts you will find in my report as stated by Sergeant Reynolds, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, who accompanied the scouting party.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BOOTH,

Captain Company L, Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding Post.

Major-General BLUNT.

(Copy of Major-General Curtis.)

AUGUST 9-15, 1864.-Operations in Central Arkansas, with skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding District of Little Rock.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding District of Little Rock.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark.,--, 1864.

Record of combats, skirmishes, &amp;c., in District of Little Rock, during the fifteen days ending August 15, 1864:

August 9.-Dispatch received from Colonel Clayton, commanding Pine Bluff, states that his scouts captured 2 Confederates to-day.

August 11.-Dispatch received from Colonel Ryan, commanding Lewisburg, states Captain Herring, while on an eighteen days' scout, Yell County, killed the two Newsom brothers.

August 12.-Dispatches received from Colonel Ryan, commanding Lewisburg, states Lieutenant-Colonel Fuller, while on a scout to Clinton, Kinderhook, Richwoods, and Wiley's Cover, killed 1 and captured 12 of the enemy. Dispatch received from General Andrews, commanding Devall's Bluff, states that a lieutenant and 12 men of the Fifty-Fourth Illinois Infantry, belonging to Hay Station, while going after water with wagon, were captured by a superior force and the lieutenant wounded. A party of Eleventh Missouri Cavalry was started out after them, recaptured the lieutenant and men, killing 2 of the enemy and captured 2 horses.

August 13.-Dispatch received from Colonel A. H. Ryan, commanding Lewisburg, says Captain Hinkle has just sent in 10 prisoners captured near Galman [Quitman?]

On the 11th instant captain Dodd's company of independent scouts ran in a camp Confederates near Saline River and routed them, killing 6, wounding several, taking 2 prisoners, and capturing 16 horses, without sustaining any loss.

August 14.-Dispatch received from Colonel Ryan, commanding Lewisburg, states that Captain Boles returned from scout to Dardanelle,

