
infantry was sent to the La Tenache road, about three miles below Williamsport, as a support to the cavalry. Colonel Crebs, in consequence of the celerity of his movements and his previous knowledge of the country, succeeded in capturing a rebel lieutenant, named Collins, and 16 men. They were captured in different detachments. He also captured 20 horses, about 18 pistols, and the same number of Enfield rifle,s saddles, &amp;c. Lieutenant-colonel Crebs and his party rode eighty miles in twenty-six hours. Our loss was 3 men wounded and 2 horses killed. Lieutenant-Colonel Gurney, Second New York Volunteer Veteran Cavalry, advanced through the lower part of the parish with about 300 cavalry and a small regiment of infantry as a support. The infantry halted at the Morgan's Ferry road about eight miles from this place. Lieutenant-Colonel Gurney captured 6 men, 12 horses, and 15 small-arms. Major Magoffin, C. S. Army, a nephew of Ex-Governor Magoffin, of Kentucky, in attempting to escape from our men, was mortally injured by a fall from his horse. Lieutenant Slack, C. S. Army, was mortally wounded and has since been reported dead. Our loss was 1 man wounded and 3 captured; also 2 horses killed. Lieutenant-Colonel Gurney's expedition returned to camp on the 12th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain S. C. FARRINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 11, 1864.-Skirmish near Sand Creek, Colo. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Joseph A. Cramer, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Horace W. Baldwin, Independent Battery Colorado Light Artillery, commanding detachment First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Ira Quinby, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., August 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information on the colonel commanding, that on the 11th instant while my ordnance sergeant, Kenyon, was a few miles north of this post in search of a stray horse, he was pursued by fifteen Indians, they following him to within sight of the commissary building. In ten minutes I had thirty men in the saddle, and dividing them into two squads started them immediately in pursuit. The detachments were respectively command by Lieutenants Cramer and Baldwin, copies of whose reports I inclose. Toward night, after hearing that Lieutenant Cramer was fighting the Indians, and receiving a message from him to the effect that he believed there to be a very large body in his neighborhood on Sand Creek, I hurriedly dispatched Lieutenant Quinby with thirty men to re-enforce Lieutenant Cramer. In the meanwhile Company E, Captain Gray,

