
having arrived from Camp Wynkoop, I left them to garrison the post and followed in person with a section of the battery, Lieutenant Hardin, and a small detachment of cavalry, Captain Soule. I was accompanied by Captain Robbins, chief of cavalry. It was very dark when I left the post, and I had gone but a few miles when a thunder-shower arose, making it impossible to know with any certainty what direction I was proceeding. I still kept on, and after a march of over six hours succeeded in finding Sand Creek; there halting the command I sent out scouts and remained until daybreak. On account of having been thrown considerably out of my course by the storm, I was unable to find either Lieutenant Cramer or to whereabouts of the Indians. The Indians are supposed to be Kiowas. There is a probability that they are Arapahos. At all events, it is my intention to kill all Indians I may come across until I receive orders to the contrary from headquarters. Just as I was about leaving the post with the above-mentioned command two men were driven in by the Indians who were proceeding up the river. I have received official intelligence to the effect that thirty men of Company A, First Cavalry of Colorado, have had a fight with a large body of Indians, near the crossing of the Arkansas, and lost all their horses. A few days before that two men of Company A were murdered while out alone; two men of Company E while at Camp

Wynkoop are supposed also to have been murdered. I desire also to report the fact that the carbines with which our regiment is armed are absolutely worthless, it being impossible to discharge over two-thirds of them. I am obliged to depend almost altogether on the pistol and saber, and you are aware that a large number of the men are without pistols. I have no doubt that the post was surrounded by Indians for the purpose of endeavoring to run off my herds, but so far I have entirely baffled, not having lost a single head. I will continue to remain as vigilant as possible.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cav. of Colo., Commanding Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.

J. S. MAYNARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Colo., Denver, Colo. Ter.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Joseph A. Cramer, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., August 12, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers 169, dated at these headquarters, Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., August 11, 1864, I started from this post at 12 m., proceeding down the river a distance of four or five miles and took a due north course for three miles, and there came in sight of a band of Indians who were from five to six miles in advance of us, they going in a northeast direction. I immediately gave chase, and after a race of fifteen or twenty miles I came up with them, fourteen in number, who immediately turned and charged my command, and at the same time endeavoring to get to our rear. At the time that the fight commenced I had but six men; the rest, whose horses had failed, were to our rear, coming up as fast as possible. As soon as the rest of our

