
men had joined us we advanced, driving them and following them four miles, in which it was a running fight, resulting in wounding four Indians and capturing one pony, with no loss on our side. I here sent back a messenger to report the facts to you, and ask for instructions. We were then twenty-five miles from the post; all of our horses given out. After a rest of a few moments we went over on Sand Creek for water, which we found in abundance; then followed on for twenty miles farther, but were unable to get nearer than three quarters of a mile of them. Our horses all gave out but three. Went into camp on Sand Creek at an Indian crossing, where from 100 to 150 had crossed but an hour or two before we arrived, their trail leading southeast. At 10 at night there came up a very heavy rain-storm spoiling all our ammunition, thereby obliging us to start for the post, where we arrived a little after sunrise on the 12th, traveling a distance of ninety miles.

Allow me here to speak of the men who accompanied me, all of whom, with one exception, behaved with coolness and bravery. I would more particularly speak of Sergeant Forbes, Company D; Corporal Yankee Company D; and Sergeant Reed, of Company L, and recommend them to your notice. Had we had good arms I am satisfied we could have captured the whole band, but our carbines (Starr) were useless, only two out of eleven that could be fired.

Respectfully submitted to Major Wynkoop for approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. CRAMER,

Second Lieutenant Company G, First Cavalry of Colorado.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Horace W. Baldwin, Independent Battery Colorado Light Artillery, commanding detachment First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., August 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 169, dated Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., August 11, 1864, I crossed the river at this post with a command of one non-commissioned officer and fifteen privates of K Squadron, First Cavalry of Colorado. I proceeded down the river on the south side until I had satisfied myself that the Indians had not crossed, and believing that I could render more effective service by crossing, I crossed the river about twelve miles below this post and immediately took the trail of the enemy. I followed this trail until about 4 p. m., when I met a messenger from Lieutenant Cramer's command, who told me that by riding five miles directly north I would find Lieutenant Cramer engaged with the Indians. I made all haste in the direction named, but failed to find Lieutenant Cramer. I continued to travel in this direction until it became sod ark that I could not see an object at 100 feet distant. I was at this time near the lime bluffs on Sand Creek, but believing that it would not be safe for me to camp with horses in such condition I marched back to the lakes, ten miles from Sand Creek, where I rested my stock about two hours. My men being very poorly supplied with clothing, and having no rations, the night being cod and rainy, I thought it advisable for me to return to this post and

