
them in. Major Galloway, of the First Arkansas Cavalry, routed Major Pickler and his command, belonging to Stand Watie and Buck Brown's force,killing Major Pickler and a number of his men, and captured 35 horses and mules. Captain Worthington, of the same regiment,subsequently attacked a portion of Brown's force,killing 9 rebels and capturing 15 horses and 3 mules. The enemy, under Cooper and Maxey, are camped on Buck Creek about twenty-five miles southwest of here. I still think their object is to hold this force here, and also to make raids across the river between here and Gibson when the river is fordable, as it soon will be. I have no fears as to this place of Gibson. I may have to withdraw the troops from Clarksville for the reason that I shall have to keep trains running from Fort Gibson to Fort Scott, and shall have to strengthen the escort on that route, and also guard the fords between here and Gibson. I also have to furnish a large force to guard the parties putting up hay. My cavalry are almost useless as cavalry for the want of serviceable horses. I am anxious to hear about your situation and the movements of the enemy in your front and below you. The force in my front is from 5,000 to 7,000 nearly all mounted. I am only prevented from moving out and fighting them by the want of cavalry and artillery horses. I could not move my batteries twenty miles this shot weather before half of the horses would give out.

I would call your attention to the fact that the term of service of the Second Indiana Battery,now here,expires on the last of next month. I should be glad to get the Third Kansas Battery up here, now at Little Rock.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General FREDERICK STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the District of the Frontier, commanded by Brigadier General John M. Thayer.*

July 2.- The Ninth Kansas Cavalry was ordered to Little Rock.

July 9.- The First Arkansas Cavalry transferred to Third Brigade.

July 11.- The Second Indian Home Guards transferred to Indian Brigade.

July 21.- The Fourth Arkansas Infantry (organizing) was ordered to Little Rock.

July 27.- At daybreak the Sixth Kansas Cavalry, on outpost duty, six miles from Fort Smith, were attacked by General Gano's (Texas) brigade. Loss: 10 killed, 17 wounded; captured, 115 enlisted men and 2 commissioned officers, Captain Mefford and Lieutenant Defriese.

July 31.- Pickets driven in by forces under Cooper, Gano, Stand Watie, and Folsom, all mounted. Their advance was met by Colonel Judson, Sixth Kansas Cavalry,commanding Third Brigade, one mile from the fortifications, who succeeded, after a brisk engagement, in driving them back. Could not be pursued for want of a sufficient mounted force. Casualties - Colonel Judson wounded, 10 enlisted men killed and wounded. Rebel loss not known.

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

