
report again for orders. My men were in the saddle about eighteen hours and rode within that time sixty-five miles. I arrived at this post about one hour before daylight August 12, 1864.

Respectfully submitted.

HORACE W. BALDWIN,

Second Lieutenant, Ind. Batty. Colo. Vol. Arty., Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant W. W. DENISON,

First Colorado Cavalry, Post Adjutant.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Ira Quinby, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., August 12, 1864.

SIR: Agreeable to Special Orders, Numbers 169, dated Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., August 11, ordering me with twenty men of Company K, First Cavalry of Colorado, to re-enforce Lieutenant Cramer, I left this post at 7.30 p. m. the 11th and proceeded as I supposed in the direction he had taken, but owing to the darkness of the night I lost my way, and after wandering about until nearly midnight I camped until morning, then started in the direction I supposed he had gone. After traveling about fifteen miles I struck his trail returning to this post, upon which I immediately returned. I did not see any Indians on the trip.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA QUINBY,

First Lieutenant, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Company K.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.

AUGUST 11, 1864.-Skirmish at Hartsville, Mo.

Reports of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 13, 1864.

There was some fighting at Hartville on Thursday night between the troops stationed at that post and rebel force supposed to be Tracy's command, about 200 men; result is yet unknown. The rebel force came from Texas County. A reconnaissance from Rolla to that county would probably be attended with favorable results. Colonel Freeman's command is at Hickman Mills, on Strawberry, said to consist of 1,500 men, well armed and mounted. Shelby's headquarters on monday last were two miles north of Batesville. His command there said to amount to 3,500 men. Colonel Dobbin called on him for re-enforcements this day, representing that he was hard pressed by our troops between Devall's Bluff and Helena. From the most reliable information I can get, the force of the enemy that can reach my outposts without opposition is as follows: General Shelby's, 3,500; Colonel Freeman's, 1,500; Majors Nichols, Brown, Peckler, and Tracy, 700; aggregate, 7,200 [?]. The information I have concerning Marmaduke's command is conflicting as to its position, some reports being that it is in the rear of General Steele's lines, and some that it is in front. All these forces, I think,

