
occupied by a Mr. Miller, at which place I expected to find two deserters from Battery C, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery, but they, having heard us while effecting a landing, made their escape. Thence we marched to the place of Mr. Nash for the purpose of capturing a rebel soldier by the name of Bell. He having made his escape, and the night being exceedingly dark and rainy, I allowed the men to rest till daylight, when we marched to Mr. Short's, but finding nothing we returned to the boat, having accomplished nothing, save taking four horses. At 4 p. m. 12th instant got under way and went up the river to Hamlin's. Sent the guides and one lieutenant, mounted, to obtain what information they could. They ascertained that there was a force of rebels within seven miles, variously estimated from 200 to 300, and that their object in that neighborhood was to co-operate with a force in Mississippi in crossing over arms and ammunition into Arkansas, at the head of Buck Island. On learning this I run up to the island and anchored out in the stream until daylight, when I got under way for Helena, stopping at Mr. Diamond's and Miller's, where I succeeded in capturing the two deserters aforementioned. Arrived at Helena 9 p. m. 13th instant, having taken during the expedition 6 horses, 3 mules, and 7 head of cattle. The roads were in very bad condition, and it rained almost continually, and it was impossible, under the circumstances, to accomplish more.

ELI RAMSEY,

Captain, Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Scout.

AUGUST 11-19, 1864.-Operations in Johnson County, Mo., with skirmish (12th) near Holden.

Report of Captain Melville U. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HOLDEN, MO., August 20, 1864.

I have the honor to make tri-monthly report of marches, scouts, &amp;c., of troops under my command, as follows:

August 11, took Lieutenant Marr and twenty men; went on scout to Walnut Creek; found nothing. Returned on the 13th; traveled fifty miles. Same day Lieutenant Pharis, with fifteen men of Company C, went on foot scout north on Blackwater. Returned on the 13th, having discovered nothing; traveled thirty miles.

August 12, Corporal Adams, with ten men Company G, in charge of forage train, encountered Hutchinson's gang, eight in number, at Lotspeich's; had lively skirmish; captured 5 guns.

August 16, took Lieutenant Marr and thirty men; went to Norris Creek; found nobody; went to Honey Creek; saw three bushwhackers; ran them out of their huts. Returned on the 19th; traveled seventy miles. Same day Captain Baker and Lieutenant Combs, with thirty men, drove Panther and Walnut Creek; traveled thirty miles.

August 17, Lieutenant Pharis, with twenty-five men, was sent in pursuit of the gang that burned the stage. Could not find them. Returned on the 18th; traveled forty miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MELL. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. N. PENNOCK,

Adjt. 7th Regiment Cav. Missouri State Mil. Warrensburg, Mo.

