
AUGUST 11-OCTOBER 28, 1864.-Operations against Indians in Nebraska Territory, with skirmish (September 20) near Fort Cottonwood.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army, commanding District of Nebraska.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Thomas Flanagan, Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanding detachment of artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army, commanding District of Nebraska.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., October 14, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a journal* of the operations of the troops under my command after leaving camp at Chalk Bluffs, on Solomon River, September 8, 1864, until September 24, 1864, at which time active operations ceased. Subsequent to the time of the operations as detailed in the journal inclosed my movements were conducted over a country so well known to the military that I did not deem a journal necessary, and therefore submit the following synopsis of my movements: I remained at Cottonwood two days to recruit the horses and secure the necessary supplies, marching at sundown, September 17, 1864, up the Platte River, intending if possible to strike a band of Brule Sioux in the neighborhood of Ash Hollow, proceeding without anything of interest occurring until arriving at the old California Crossing, where I met a small band of Ogalalla Sioux under the guidance of Two Face, who has been our friends from the first. I gave these Indians protection, sending them to Cottonwood. I crossed the river at this point, moving as rapidly as possible to Ash Hollow, and through that across the North Platte on the Little Blue. We were too late, however, as the Indians had fled northwest through the Sand Hills to the headwaters of the Loup fork or Niobrara Rivers. Their trails were all pointing that way. I ordered Captain O'Brien, with his company and one howitzer, up the Blue, and moved down the North Platte with the remainder of my command, proceeding with as much rapidity as practicable with the worn-out condition of my horses to Cedar Bluffs, finding no Indians. From there I moved toward Cottonwood, arriving at that post September 24, having marched in the aggregate since leaving that post 212 miles, seeing no hostile Indians save an occasional scout. I was satisfied that farther pursuit of the present was useless. I immediately placed my troops at suitable points along the lines of communication between Julesburg and the Kansas line, with orders to patrol in such a manner as to thoroughly protect the route and yet enable them to put their horses in condition for a rapid march after hostile Indians should opportunity offer. The Pawnees were ordered home and the rolls containing offer. The Pawnees were ordered home and the rolls containing their accounts sent to your headquarters for action. I returned to these headquarters as soon as I felt satisfied my orders were being carefully carried out.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

