
This grass is good for horses, but so short that considerable time is required to collect a sufficient supply for any considerable number of animals. September 4, we encamped on a creek called Crooked Nose by the Indians; good grass, wood, and water here. Pawnee Indians who accompanied the command as guides and scouts killed some buffalo. As yet we had not discovered any of the hostile Indians. September 5, marched at 7 a. m., having sent out a pioneer party to make crossings for the wagons and artillery. Camped on the Beaver Creek that night, which is a nice stream with plenty of wood, water, and grass. While here Major R. H. Hunt was sent out with a detachment of cavalry and one piece of artillery to look out of Indians. September 6, moved to Prairie Dog Creek; here Major R. H. Hunt and his command joined us, having during the previous evening and to-day traveled over 100 miles of the country, but saw no Indians. He found an Indian pony, and saw other signs of them, without discovering them. September 7, reached Solomon's Fork. It is a splendid stream, good wood, grass, and water; from here Captain Wilcox, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, was sent out with his company on scout, and here the command was divided, General Curtis taking the First Nebraska Veteran Volunteer Cavalry, one company Nebraska militia, and a detachment of the Eleventh Ohio Cavalry and one company Eleventh Kansas Cavalry; General Mitchell taking the Seventh Iowa Cavalry and two pieces of artillery and Indian scouts. September 8, General Curtis marched east, and General Mitchell west, to whose command I was attacked. We marched up Solomon's Fork about twenty miles; here we encamped waiting the return of Captain Wilcox's command, which joined us that evening; he saw no Indians, but saw signs; found the place where a large body of them had encamped but a short time previous. Captain Wilcox reports to have seen wagon tracks and white men's foot-prints in the sand. September 9, marched in the direction of Medicine Lake, which is about forty miles south of Cottonwood Springs. One of the scouts reported this a favorite place for Indians. September 10, started out at 4 a. m., marched in a northwesterly direction about forty miles,and camped on Prairie Dog Creek, about thirty-six miles above, where the command had previously crossed; good grass, wood, and water. September 11, marched to Beaver Creek, traveling in a northwest direction. September 12, encamped on Crooked Nose Creek; saw a few buffalo, did not kill any. The horses were now getting into a poor condition from the necessarily long marches and the want of corn. The want of picket-ropes was greatly against the cavalry, who had none, and was soon apparent on their animals. They took their horses out to graze for two or three hours in the evening after they came into camp from a hard day's march, then tired them up to a rope stretched from one wagon wheel to another for the night; this was all they got until next evening. I had lariats for all my horses, and they were all the time in a serviceable condition. September 13, marched to Republican River and camped just below the mouth of Medicine Lake Creek. Captain Murphy, of Seventh Iowa Cavalry, was ordered out from this point with his command on scout. September 13, marched to Republican River and camped just below the mouth of Medicine Lake Creek. Captain Murphy, of Seventh Iowa Cavalry, was ordered out from this point with his command on scout. September 14, moved camp to Medicine Lake Creek. It is a stream about ten yards wide, with about four fee depth; the banks high, rocky, and precipitous; good fish in this river. Laid over here until the 14th, until Captain Murphy's command joined us, and to give the horses rest. Captain Murphy joined us 14th with his command; saw no Indians on his scout. September 15, started on march very early this morning; had marched about ten miles when the scouts came charging back, and reported Indians in our front. The general ordered a charge, but as soon as we came in sight of the sup-

