
posed Indians they turned out to be an independent company of Colorado rangers, hunting Indians like ourselves. September 16, camped on Medicine Lake. This is a favorite place for Indians to winter their stock. We saw a great many cottonwood trees that had been cut down by the Indians, the bark of the small limbs being eaten by their ponies when the grass is covered with snow. The lake is small, with high hills around it. The stream that runs from the lake runs in a southeast direction, until it empties itself into the Republican. There is good wood, grass and water at the lake, and all along the stream. September 17, marched to Fort Cottonwood, Nebr. Ter.; arrived at that post about 10 p. m. The county to the back of Cottonwood is barren. Remained here until September 19. Marched at sundown up the river. I was taken sick and did not accompany the command. September 20, remained at Cottonwood sick. A party of eight soldiers was sent out to-day to look for plums for sick in hospital; while on this duty they were surprised by a party of Indians sixty to seventy in number; four of them were killed, and their bodies found next day mangled in a horrible manner; the remainder made their way back to camp. This occurred about three miles from camp, and the men belonged to the Seventh Iowa. The commanding officer sent out a company in wagons to follow their trail until the next day, but the country became so broken they had to return, unable to proceed; they were unsuccessful. If they had been mounted they would certainly have overtaken them. This company found three ponies dead where the soldiers encountered the Indians the day previous, and it is almost certain some of the Indians were killed. General Mitchell returned with his command to Cottonwood September 26. The artillery was left at Cottonwood; I took charge, and remained with the same; and had the horses all reshod. A great many reports reach us of depredations committed by the Indians. Troops are stationed all along the line from plum Creek to Julesburg, at distances of fifteen miles apart, chiefly to escort the mail. October 12, received orders from Colonel Livingston, commanding Sub-District of Nebraska, to turn over the guns and equipments in my possession to the commanding officer at Fort Cottonwood, and to report with my detachment to my company headquarters, Fort Leavenworth, and started at 4 o'clock that evening, and reached Gillman's Ranch, fifteen miles east of Cottonwood, where we encamped for the night. October 13, met the coach about 10 a. m. Were told by the passengers that the Indians attacked them the evening previous about sundown, wounding one soldier and one civilian passenger; that afternoon saw an Indian standing on a hill, and in about ten minutes after we first observed him about fifty or sixty Indians came charging out of the hill toward us. I immediately ordered the wagons to halt, brought the men into line, nineteen in number, when the Indians, seeing our force, halted for about five minutes, and then charged back to the hills. There were but seven revolvers amongst the whole party, and without other arms we retired to an old stable on the road and quite near to us. Here remained all night ready to defend ourselves if attacked. About 10 o'clock that night four soldiers of the First Nebraska Veteran Volunteer Cavalry came galloping down the road, and reported that the Indians had attacked a detachment of their company who were in the hills on scout after Indians, and advised us to keep a strict watch and be ready, as there was great danger. The soldiers wee on their way to Plum Creek for re-enforcements. We passed the night without any attack, and on October 14 reached Plum Creek, and found all the troops out after the Indians, with one piece of artillery. October 15, reached Fort Kearny and remained there until the 20th. Here we drew mus-

