
ceeding with my party I took an easterly direction toward the San Andres Mountains. About thirty-five miles from the post I found the trail of the Indians apparently two days' old. Proceeding on this trail I overtook the Indians and stock shortly after sundown on the 12th instant. Taking advantage of the darkness the Indians made their escape. They had probably seen us coming from a distance. They left in our hands some 5,000 head of sheep, 3 burros, and 1 horse. I saw sings of a number of mules having passed one or two days previously. I returned to this post on the 13th instant. I am informed by the owner of the captured stock that it was captured from him some thirteen days previously. Had timely notice been given I have no doubt but what the mules would have been recovered and the Indians chastised. I am patrolling the road to San Diego Crossing and assure you that Indians with stock cannot pass me unmolested.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. GREENE,

Captain, First Infty. California Vols., Commanding Post

Lieutenant Colonel C. E. BENNETT,

First Cav. Cal. Vols. Commanding Dist. of Fort Craig, N. Mexico

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FORT CRAIG,August 15, 1864.

On the night of the 11th at Paraje I learned of his Indian attack. I immediately sent an order to Major Greene to take his departure with his command in pursuit of the depredators. The express left Paraje at 10 p. m. Before daylight the next morning Major Greene and command were in pursuit of these Indians. As usual with Major Greene he was successful. His promptness and energy entitle him and his command to great praise.

Respectfully,

C. E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding.

AUGUST 12-16, 1864.-Scout on the Fort Union road, near Fort Garland, Colo. Ter.

Report of Captain Charles Kerber, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT GARLAND, COLO. TER., August 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I started from this post on the 12th instant with four men of my squadron, under the guidance of Thomas Thagan, to intercept a party of guerrillas hunted by Lieutenant Sharp and Marshall Hunt. I struck from here for the head of the Cucharas, and followed that river down to the Fort Union road, looking for traces, but without result. The first day I traveled sixty-five miles. On the 13th I followed along the Fort Union road to the Apishapa, then struck northeast to Captain Craig's ranch, on the Huerfano; traveled forty-two miles. On the 14th I marched up the Huerfano to the Fort Union route and found that two guerrillas had been at the ranch of a Frenchman living on the crossing about two hours before I arrived there. Both guerrillas, one of them a tall man and the other a middle sized man, had no hats, but brought two hats, pants, boots, &amp;c., also a half of a hog there. They said that they had nothing to eat for the last two days. It was about 3 p. m. when I arrived at the ranch. I had trav-

