
eled already thirty miles. I took up the trace of those men, but it took Thomas Thagan a long time to trace these fellows out in the bushes, but at an hour before sunset we got on the prairie, then we galloped for about fifteen miles on their trace across the prairie, but they reached the Cedars before we arrived there, as it was night. I camped fifteen miles above the Union road-crossing of the Cucharas without fire and without unsaddling. On the 15th I started five miles back on my trail to take up the trace of the Texans again, and found that we camped that night about a mile apart. The guerrillas camped under a rock upon a high hill, and then they followed along the rocky reach up the Cucharas. We had to lead our horses most of the time, and the tracing was very difficult amongst those rocks. Once, through, we have been so close to them that we heard them all each other, and the tracing was very difficult amongst those rocks. Here Thagan lost their trace altogether. I had to give up the chase for that day because we had had nothing to eat from the time we left Craig's ranch. I struck Colonel francisco's ranch, where we got coffee and bread. On that evening I found out that two Americans were seen half way between Cucharas and Huerfano, sailing for the mountains in a great hurry. On the 16th I gave Thomas Thagan three men and I took one with me and took up the chase again. We found the trace, but those scoundrels took the highest and most rocky mountains I ever traveled over, and I had to give up the chase again. On that evening I returned to this post. The following day I started out a fresh party, but with still less success.

In those few days I traveled over 220 miles, with two days' rations in our saddle-bags, and very bad forage for our horses. If I was not so happy as to catch those scoundrels, so have I though, the consolation that I made them run for their lives.

Finally, I must request to be supplies so soon as possible with carbine ammunition and some few thousand of percussion caps. My requisitions are sent in long ago, but up to this date not filled.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient,

CHARLES KERBER,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado.

Captain J. C. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Denver.

AUGUST 12-13, 1864.-Operations in Ray and Carroll Counties, Mo., with skirmish (12th) at Fredericksburg.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Major John Grimes, Fifty-first Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Isaac N. Henry, Forty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 13, 1864.

Bill Anderson's guerrillas, numbering about 100, attacked Captain Colley's company of Ray County Militia at Fredericksburg, Ray

