
No. 11. Report of Lieutenant Jacob Morehead, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT SMITH, ARK., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that I was in command of Company B, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, on the morning of the 27th instant, when the enemy made the attack on our camp, on Massard Prairie; and as soon as the alarm was given that the enemy was in the prairie, which was about 6 a.m., I sent immediately for the herd, which had been out grazing since daylight, and was about three-quarters of a mile southwest of camp. I formed my men on the right of camp to protect my herd as it came i and until it could be secured, but before the horses could be brought up the enemy charged on us, which stampeded the herd and left the men on foot to fight as best they could. We drove the enemy back,and as I had received no orders from the commanding officer, I ordered my to fall back until they could form on the right of the other companies. When I had fallen back to the left of my company's parade ground I came in speaking distance of Major Mefford, when I received orders to form my company on the right to protect the camp. I immediately took the position assigned me, with Company D on my left. We held our position, repulsing three distinct charges of the enemy. At this time I saw that Major Mefford had, with Companies E and H, been driven from their position on the left of the line and had begun to fall back across the prairie. I knew that I could not hold my ground much longer with what men I had, so, without receiving orders from Major Mefford, commenced falling back toward him. As we fell back I had several men captured by the enemy that was advancing through the timer in the center of our camp. We fought and retreat in good order until we came within half a mile of the house on the prairie, when the enemy closed in on all sides, taking many more of our men prisoners. Those that were left continued fighting and falling back to the house. There the men that were left were overpowered and captured. Before we reached the house I received a slight wound in the right thigh. Some of my men who were first captured made their escape by hiding in the thick brush, the enemy not staying to hunt for stragglers, but left immediately after the men at the house were captured, taking with them all the men that could travel. All did well under the circumstances, it being a surprise; after driving in the pickets the enemy was in our camp. I lost in the engagement 3 killed, 2 mortally wounded, 5 severely wounded, and 40 men taken prisoners.

JACOB MOREHEAD,

First Lieutenant, Sixth Kansas Cav. Vols., Commanding Company B.

Colonel W. R. JUDSON,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 12. Report of Lieutenant Levi F. Stewart, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR FORT SMITH ARK., August 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report according to instructions the following:

Being stationed on outpost duty on the Texas road about four miles and a half from Fort Smith, Ark., about 11 p.m. [a.m.] of the morning

