
County, last night. A desperate conflict ensued, in which several of the guerrillas and Captain Colley and 4 of his men were killed. The Sixth [Missouri] Cavalry Veterans are pursuing Anderson, who is reported between Knoxville and Kingston this p. m. I am concentrating force at Hamilton to join in the hunt.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, August 23, 1864.

I have the honor to report successful expeditions against the guerrillas of this district. Detachments of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, and Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia Veterans, aided by militia on duty in the river counties, have during the past week vigorously pursued and fought the guerrillas under Perkins, Holtzclaw, Cy. Gordon, Taylor, and other guerrilla chieftains. Thirty-five bushwhackers have been killed. We have lost 2 men killed and 8 wounded. Our parties have taken no prisoners, and are still in the chase.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

LIBERTY, August 13, 1864.

Captain Colley with about twenty Ray County Militia was attacked last night at Fredericksburg by Bill Anderson with seventy men. Captain Colley and 4 of his men were killed. I have several squads after them. They will not fight my men if they can possibly get off. My horses are terribly run down. I do not want to press horses without positive orders.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

General FISK.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Liberty, Mo., August 17, 1864.

GENERAL: Since my telegram of the 13th instant nothing of note has transpired. I returned yesterday from a chase after Bill Anderson and his gang. We followed nearly to the Carroll line, and as there were some 200 Ray County militia in close pursuit and far ahead of me, and getting farther every hour, I sent dispatch to the commanding officer to pursue them and returned. My stock is entirely worn down, having been on the go ever since we came, and were in very poor condition when we received them at Saint Louis.

This section of the country is entirely free from bushwhackers. I have not heard of the presence of one for four days.

