
I called in all the citizens of the county and swore them into the service under General Orders, Numbers 107, and have sent them to their homes to act as scouts and informants. If you desire it I can send 100 men into Carroll County to clean it out. They killed quite a number of the Enrolled Missouri Militia in Ray County, but invariably on the approach of any of my men would run. Being so very much better mounted than I am, they generally escaped.

I am, informed that Captain Taylor is positively dead. I have his horse and equipments. We have also captured some of the horses, arms, and equipments lost by the Colorado men while here.

I have positive information that Thrailkill is very dangerously wounded--shot in the neck. A Union lady dressed his wound on Friday night last. There are several of them wounded and hidden through the country. Some have been taken to Platte. I think Thrailkill is in Platte. He was taken north and west of here the night mentioned.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 3. Report of Major John Grimes, Fifty-first Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Mo., August 14, 1864.

GENERAL: Immediately upon assuming command I sent Captain M. T. Real with part of Company B, Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, to take up a position at Pleasant View, Ray County, Mo., and Captain Patten Colley, with Company E, Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, to take up a position at Fredericksburg, in Ray County, instructing them to co-operate with each other and to keep the country bordering upon the line between Ray and Clay thoroughly scoured. On the 12th instant Captain Colley was informed by his pickets that a body of bushwhackers were in the vicinity of his camp. He immediately started out in pursuit with a scout of twenty men. About four miles south of Fredericksburg he was drawn into ambush, and after a desperate engagement, lasting thirty minutes, his command was overpowered and dispersed. Captain Colley and 4 of his men were killed; the rest of his men arrived in camp the next day. Believing that the enemy would make an effort to pass through the county, I immediately sent a messenger to Lieutenant Baker, at Knoxville, who had under his command a part of Company B, Fifty-first Regiment, and a part of Company C, Fourth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, under command of Lieutenant McKown, and ordered him to move down the Knoxville road toward Richmond and attack the enemy wherever found, or form a junction with Captain C. Tiffin, whom I sent immediately on the morning, of the 13th instant with parts of Company C, Fourth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, under command of Lieutenant Rolston, to a point six miles northwest of Richmond, to follow upon the trail of the enemy, and, if possible, drive them in the direction of Lieutenant Baker's command. The skirmish near Fredericksburg took place at 5 p. m. on the 12th instant. At 10 a. m. the next day the enemy passed six miles northwest

