
of Richmond. At thirty minutes past 10 a. m. they crossed the Knoxville road nine miles north of Richmond, going east, halting but a few minutes at 12 m. northeast of Richmond, and then proceeding in a southeastern direction; arrived at Moberly's Landing, in Carroll County, at 10 p. m., traveling forty miles during the day. Captain Tiffin proceeded in pursuit with all possible dispatch and formed a junction with Lieutenant Baker at John Garner's on the Knoxville road, nine miles north of Richmond. I have received no official dispatch from Captain Tiffin, but am informed through other sources that he was in five miles of the enemy on the morning of the 14th instant, and in hot pursuit. The enemy in passing through the county murdered three soldiers-one returning from his home to Richmond, and two bearing a dispatch to Lieutenant Baker-and one citizen, burnt one house, stole a number of horses, and committed a number of other depredations. They enemy were under the command of Captain Anderson, and numbered between 90 and 100 men. They are reported to have lost 4 men in the skirmish near Fredericksburg.

The loss of Captain Colley, is much to be deplored; he was a brave and energetic officer and has contributed greatly both as a citizen and a soldier to the furtherance of the Union cause in our county.

When the scout returns I will report the result.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN GRIMES,

Major, Commanding Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Mo., August 18, 1864.

On the evening of the 16th instant the scout in pursuit of the band of bushwhackers under the command of the notorious Anderson, and referred to in my first report, returned to camp at Richmond. Captain Tiffin, after leaving Moberly's Landing on the morning of the 14th instant, continued the pursuit as rapidly as his jaded horses and exhausted men would admit of. The Carroll County militia united their forces with his, swelling his command to about 250 men. On Sunday, the 14th instant, about 12 o'clock, he came up with the enemy on the east side of Wakenda Prairie, where they had taken up a position in a dense body of timber and undergrowth. After a desperate engagement, lasting about thirty minutes, the enemy were driven from the ground and continued their retreat to Grand River, which they crossed at Rocky Ford. Our loss was 4 killed and 6 wounded. The loss of the enemy was much greater. There is every reason to believe that their leader, Anderson, is either dead or mortally wounded.

Yours, respectfully,JOHN GRIMES,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding, &c.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Isaac N. Henry, Forty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

HAMILTON, MO., August 14, 1864.

DEAR SIR: I have just returned from a scout after a band of guerrillas in Ray County. You have no doubt had fabulous dispatches

