
from various persons in regard to said guerrillas, and by persons, too, who have remained at some distant post from them. Now, sir, I was after them, saw their tracks, and the victims of their butcheries, and therefore I will give you nothing but facts; hence I proceed: On last Friday Captain P. Colley, of the Ray County Enrolled Missouri Militia, and about twenty of his men was attacked by 130 guerrillas under Anderson, Chestnut, and Taylor, at Fredericksburg, in Ray County, which resulted in the killing of Captain P. Colley and 4 of his men, and the wounding of several more. Colley was one of the best captains in the Enrolled Missouri Militia of Ray County. The guerrillas lost 6 killed and several wounded, when Colley's men were overpowered and had to retreat to Richmond for safety, &amp;c. The guerrillas then left Fredericksburg in a northeasterly direction, crossing the State road leading from Hamilton to Richmond, about four miles south of Knoxville, where they captured two militiamen, viz, Samuel Forseen and Daniel Vansant, who were bearing dispatches to Richmond to Copperhead Major Grimes, commanding Ray County Militia. They killed both of these men, cutting Forseen's throat from ear to ear and then scalped him. They also killed James Maupin, a citizen militiaman; they shot him in his wagon. They robbed several citizens, stole a good many horses in their course, and then struck off in a southeasterly course, crossing East [Fork of] Crooked River at Keal's Mills, about two miles and a half south of Millville, Ray County, Mo.; thence to Shaw's Shop and on in the direction of the Missouri River, at the mouth of the Wakenda or Shanghai, town in Carroll County. They passed Shaw's Shop on Saturday (yesterday) about 2 p. m., where Captain Tiffin and Lieutenant Baker, with a little over 100 men, were about two hours behind them; since when I have not heard anything reliable from them. On Saturday (yesterday) there was a public meeting in Kingston to encourage recruiting for the twelve month's service. When the report of the above guerrillas was reported Captain Fortune had the greater portion of his company in town and with the citizens present we were able to raise about eighty men. Well, we all got on the march after said guerrillas. I was put in the command of the advance. I started in pursuit of said guerrillas and marched about eight miles, when, lo! I found I had only three men besides myself on said scout, Fortune having marched about four miles, when he returned to town (Kingston) and has there remained ever since. I went ahead with my three men until I ascertained all of the foregoing facts, &c.

General, would it not be a good idea to issue an order enjoining all officers commanding troops when in the pursuit of guerrillas to follow them to the death, and in case an officer stopped pursuing them before catching them dismiss him from the service, and I assure you the guerrillas would soon be driven out of our country. Give me command of 250 good men and I will kill more guerrillas than all the militia in four counties now do.

Yours, &c.,

I. N. HENRY,

Lieutenant.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.

P. S.-One hundred and thirty guerrillas are all that is north of the Missouri River in Ray and Carroll Counties.

GENERAL: What does it mean, dismissing good Union officers and putting in Copperheads? For instance, removing as good a man as

