
Colonel A. J. Barr, and putting in his place a damned Copperhead, John Grimes. This change displeases every truly loyal man in the country. Grimes was foreman on the grand jury that indicted me for killing a guerrilla at Richmond. Do you remember?

AUGUST 13-22, 1864.-Operations in La Fayette, Saline, and Howard Counties, Mo., with skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Major George W. Kelly, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain Ezra W. Kingsbury, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., August 19, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that on the 13th instant Captain Meredith, commanding Company H, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, succeeded in overtaking a gang of bushwhackers in the eastern part of Saline County, killed 1 guerrilla and captured 7 horses. No causalities on our side. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding in the field in Saline, represents that the people of that county fully realize their situation and are determined to rid the county of guerrillas. On the 15th instant a detachment of Company C, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under the command of Sergt. I. E. Wood, by moving through the brush dismounted, surprised and charged a gang of six bushwhackers, wounded 2 of the gang and captured 6 horses. Major G. W. Kelly, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding at Chapel Hill, reports several bands, numbering from six to twelve, having recently made their appearance south and east of that station, and that Quantrill, Todd, and Poole, with their respective bands, are reported to be some twelve or fifteen miles east of that place. Such measures have been taken as will, I have no doubt, succeed in breaking up and scattering this force, if the report should prove true.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., August 23, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that on the 20th instant Lieutenant-Colonel La-

