
Warrensburg route, Colonel Lazear has ordered the arrest of a number of Poole's friends, intending to hold them as hostages for the security of the stage and telegraph line.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, In the Field, August 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that since my report of the 10th instant I have kept my command continually on the move, scouting the eastern portion of Saline County. There have been several parties of guerrillas reported, but upon investigation they turned out to be false, or but very small squads of from two to five men. Captain Meredith, on the 13th, struck a train and followed them to their camp. There were seven in camp. He killed 1 and captured 7 horses, and also on the same scout found five horses that Todd had left at the time of his raid on Arrow Rock. The country is at this time very quiet. Occasionally hear of a horse being stolen. No depredations are being committed upon Union men. The people seem to fully realize their situation, and say they are determined to rid the county of guerrillas. I will commence a general move in the morning,and some prevents it I will make a rapid move as far as the western part of La Fayette County, moving as rapidly Fayette Counties. It would be well to notify Colonel Ford and Major Kelly of this move. My semi-weekly reports will hereafter be made on Tuesdays and Saturdays, and as much oftener as I have anything of importance to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cav. Missouri State Mil., Commanding in the Field.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.

HDQRS. SECOND SUB. DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, In the Field, August 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that since my report of the 16th instant I have thoroughly scouted Saline County and can report that there are no guerrillas in that county. We only heard of five, and the citizens report to us that they have left the county, which I think is true; whether permanently or not I can't tell. I have left Captain Moore, Company

