
able to scout. There are several families in this country, bushwhackers' wives and daughters, who should be attended to. They give them all the information they want.

Very respectfully,

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Warrensburg, Mo.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Ezra W. Kingsbury, Second Colored Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., August 18, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions, I left here on the 13th of August at 9.30 a. m. with seventy-five men from Companies C, D, F, I, L, and M, Second Colorado Cavalry, and proceeded northeast on the Lexington road, and struck the Missouri River four miles south of Richfield; patrolled the river-bank and vicinity for a distance of about five miles above Richfield until near the mouth of Blue River, when, being near night, I proceeded to Young's farm, about four miles from Blue Mills, where encamped for the night, having traveled and thirty-five miles. While at this place learned that Fletch. Taylor, Thrailkill, and other bushwhackers, had been in that vicinity. On starting next morning at about 3 o'clock, scouting the country thoroughly in the vicinity of Six-Mile, learned that Taylor had procured a buggy and started for La Fayette County, being severely wounded. Struck the trail and followed it about fifteen miles, until near Bone Hill, when lost it, and after searching some time turned back on Lexington road for La Fayette County. Found numerous signs of small parties of bushwhackers, and finally reached the farm of one Ish, in La Fayette County, where, by means of passing as bushwhackers, learned from a boy, whom I took and compelled to go with me, that there was a body of about 100 men encamped in Big Bottom, about six miles from that place. I started for that point, but ascertained that the morning before, and wishing to secure Murphy started twenty-five men to Wellington to bring him, and proceeded south with the command two miles to Ewing's farm, where I found Murphy, who happened to be there; arrested him, and forage being plenty fed the horses. On examining Murphy found that he had reported the facts concerning Taylor to Lexington immediately after the amputation took place, but could learn nothing definite concerning his whereabouts. Before the detail sent to Wellington returned it was nearly night, and thence I moved south to the house of one Fishback, and camped for the night, having released Doctor Murphy. Traveled this day about fifty miles. Next morning started about sunrise and went in a southerly course to the Sni, skirmishing it at the old mill-dam; thence proceeded in a west course to Gardiner's farm; struck from thence in the direction of Bone Hill and Judge Gray's farm, scouting thoroughly the brush in that vicinity; arrived at the house of one Bord, near the line of Jackson and La Fayette Counties. On examining him at first could get no information from him; said he had never seen but six bushwhackers; saw them the

