
of July 31, 1864, hearing my picket firing, I immediately mounted my men, numbering thirty-five in all, and started to learn the cause of the firing. After proceeding about half a mile I met my pickets coming toward one on a run and a number of the enemy following them, at which I halted and formed in line, and after exchanging shots with the enemy I found they were too strong for the number of men under my command and I [was] forced to fall back toward Fort Smith, Ark., exchanging shots continually with the enemy. I was forced to fall back some two miles and a half. I halted and formed into line and found the enemy had halted. During the skirmishing one of my men was either killed or taken prisoner and one wounded.

The enemy captured call of my camp and garrison equipage, as I was forced to have some camp and garrison equipage as my camp was a permanent outpost.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. STEWART,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Camp.

Commanding OFFICER SIXTH KANSAS VOL. CAVALRY.

No. 13. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE FORCES, July 16, 1864.

COLONEL: Lieutenant J. S. Green, bearing this communication, is duly authorized by me to communicate with you and get definite instructions in regard to certain questions he will ask, but which I am unwilling to trust to paper for fear of accidents.

On the 12th instant I organized a column of 1,000 men into three distinct raiding detachments,and sent them straight at the railroad with orders to waste, burn, and destroy. The column on the extreme right, command by Colonel B. F. Gordon, struck the Tenth Illinois Cavalry between Searcy and Bayou Des Arc [on the 14th], fought them fiercely for half an hour, routed them, killed 20 on the field, wounded many, captured 87 prisoners, 1 six-mule wagon loaded with supplies, 1 ambulance, and 200 stand of cavalry fire-arms.

This boasted regiment, which has weekly made a pilgrimage to Searcy, and thrown to us the gauge of defiance, was whipped, routed, and scattered, and only saved from utter annihilation by the superior quality of its horses. The other two columns were progressing finely when last heard from, and I hope soon to tell your of good work done for the railroad. I have a heavy force below Clarendon, on White River, which levies a stern contribution of lead on every passing transport, and my scouts range unmolested from the Mississippi River to Devall's Bluff, which latter place they have fired into no less than four times and captured prisoners on the opposite bank of the river.

Acting Brigadier-General Adams is in command of the Northern Sub-District of Arkansas, whose duty it is to regulate its internal affairs, supervise and systematize its civil functions, and perform the necessary duties of a military governor. But I have assumed control of all the troops in the field and left General Adams a few provost guards, because but few were needed. In the event of my leaving here with all the troops the district will be without support, and I wish to know

