
AUGUST 15-24, 1864.-Operations in Southwest Missouri and Northwestern Arkansas, with skirmishes at Carrollton, Ark. (15th), on Richland Creek, Ark. (16th), and at Mud Town, Ark. (24th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Albert W. Bishop, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Halsey and eighteen men of Captain G. W. Edy's company of Arkansas militia attacked Captain Wilson's company of guerrillas, fifty strong, at Carrollton, Ark., on the 15th instant, and killed Captain Wilson and 3 of his men. Our loss, 1 man mortally wounded. The subsistence and ordnance trains for Fayetteville were attacked at Mud Town on the 24th instant by a force of ninety-five guerrillas. Our loss, 2 men mortally wounded, Second Arkansas Cavalry; enemy's loss unknown. Captain Hughes, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with a portion of Fifth Arkansas Cavalry, attacked Lieutenant Smith, in command of guerrillas, 125 strong, on Richland Creek, in Arkansas, on the 16th instant. The enemy's loss was 4 killed and 9 wounded and about 50 horses and horse equipments left at Fayetteville. Our loss, 1 man wounded. I hear of no armed rebels now in the district.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert W. Bishop, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., August 17, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with your order of the 15th instant I proceeded at 1 a. m. of the 16th in search of a band of bushwhackers, known as Tuck. Smith's company, My command moved out promptly, intending to enter the haunts of this gang eastward of Fayetteville as soon as it would be possible to track them. At daybreak we were on the disputed ground, thirteen miles from this place, and very soon thereafter discovering their signs our march was quickened. The advance guard in particular, under Lieutenant Clark, First Arkansas Cavalry, was on the alert, and at 7 a. m. dash ed up to the house of Royal Williams, on Richland Creek, in front of which from ten to fifteen saddled horses were tied. Their riders were eating breakfast at the time and were so completely surprised that they abandoned their horses and took immediately to the woods in rear of the house, passing through an adjacent corn-field that partially concealed their movements. But pursuit was active by both the advance guard and the main body of our

