
I am much indebted for the success of the scout to Major Galloway, Captain Worthington, and Lieutenant Clark, First Arkansas Cavalry, and Captain Bivins, Independent Rangers. I desire also to make especial mention of Captain Hughes and Lieutenant Riggs, Sixth cavalry Missouri State Militia, both of them officers admirably qualified for the dangerous and difficult warfare of the woods. The men throughout behaved bravely and well.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, yours,

A. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

First Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers.

AUGUST 16, 1864.-Skirmish at Columbia, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Douglass, Missouri State Militia.

COLUMBIA, MO., August 17, 1864.

Our troops met Holtzclaw yesterday, ten miles northwest of this place, where a severe skirmish took place. We killed 4 of his command; wounded many more. Our men then fell back about five miles. Holtzclaw receiving stronger re-enforcements came up and attacked them, but was easily driven off. The rebels are concentrating a large force in this country, and [I] will need all the men you can spare. I have failed to get help from Major Leonard or the Seventeenth Illinois.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

General FISK.

AUGUST 16, 1864.-Skirmish with Indians near Smoky Hill Crossing, Kans.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Jacob Van Antwerp, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., August 18, 1864.

MAJOR: I am just in receipt of intelligence from Salina, that on the 16th instant seven men of Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, en route to Smoky Hill Crossing, were attacked by a party of Indians estimated from 100 to 300. Four of the party were killed, the other three made their escape and came into Salina. Messenger with dispatches for Fort Larned was turned back. These dispatches were to direct the commanding officer at Fort Larned to concentrate his force as much as possible, and intercept a party of Indians moving south from the Fort Kearny and Denver road; probably it was some of the same party that attacked and killed the men of Company H, Seventh Iowa Cavalry,

