
on the 16th instant. I have written several communications to the general since the 10th instant, urging him if possible to send me more troops, and horses to mount the few I have. I have as yet received no response, and have just learned that the general is absent in Nebraska. Please inform me what I may rely upon in regard to troops and horses. I am entirely powerless to do anything more than to try and hold a few points on the mail route for want of force, and I am informed by Major Fillmore that the term of service of five companies of the First Colorado Cavalry, now on duty in this district, will expire by the 7th of September.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assist. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Jacob Van Antwerp, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS, Salina, August 17, 1864.

SIR: Six men left this place yesterday morning belonging to Company H, Seventh Iowa, for Fort Ellsworth. They got to Elm Creek about 4 p. m., when they were attacked by from 100 to 300 Indians, 4 of whom were killed, the other two got away. The messenger sent from here arrived at Woodward's ranch and returned with two men, coming in from the battle-field. I have just sent a detachment of ten men, under Lieutenant Booth, up the Republican, which took all the horses fit for duty, but I will send the dispatches through as soon as possible. Lieutenant Helliwell has not arrived here yet. As soon as he gets here I shall go out with all the available forces, as there is undoubtedly a large body of Indians between the Smoky Hill and Saline Rivers.

Yours, truly,JACOB VAN ANTWERP,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

Captain HENRY BOOTH.

AUGUST 17, 1864.-Capture of the steamer Miller on the Arkansas River, near pine Bluff, Ark.

Report of Captain Stephen R. Harrington, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

NORTH BANK ARKANSAS RIVER, THIRTY MILES FROM PINE BLUFF, August 18, 1864-5 a. m.

COLONEL: The steamer Annie Jacobs is on a bar at this place. The captain thinks he will get off this morning. The steamer Miller was captured and burned by the rebels about ten miles below here yesterday. I have 100 men and a howitzer and can defend the Jacobs if she needs it. Colonel Clayton learned night before last that there were five

