
rebel brigades under command of General Cabell camped on Big Creek at the crossing of the Warren and Pine Bluff road, about seventeen miles from Pine Bluff. The rebels that burned the Miller were upon the south side of the river.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. HARRINGTON,

Captain, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, and Acting Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c.

Lieutenant-Colonel GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 18, 1864.-Skirmish at Benton, Ark.

Report of Captain Miles Kehoe, First Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Benton, Ark., August 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on my arrival at Benton at 4.30 this p. m. I was fired on by a detachment of rebels, numbering about 100, which immediately retreated across the Saline. I succeeded in capturing 1 wounded man, who reported to me that a brigade of cavalry who occupied Benton had left two hours previous to my arrival, owing to information they had gained from a woman who had ridden to this place from Little Rock ahead of me, and also he reported to me that the rebel army was all about to move toward Little Rock. I have heard from reliable source that there is a large force to move in the direction of Monticello and Pine Bluff. The prisoner reports to me that there are two brigades of cavalry on the other side of the Saline from here, under command of Colonel Crawford, which were expected to cross the Saline to-morrow. My intention is to cross the Saline on his left flank in the direction of Hot Springs in the morning. I have fallen back two miles from Benton to a good position for the purpose of feeding my horses. Your order will reach me on the road in the direction of Princeton. I shall cross the Saline to-morrow, and if possible ascertain the position of the main force of the enemy.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. KEHOE,

Captain, Commanding Detach. Third Brigadier, First Div., 7th Army Corps.

AUGUST 19-24, 1864.-Scout on the Republic River, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant William Booth, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, Clay Centre, Kans., August 24, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from headquarters District of Upper Arkansas, I have the honor to make the following report:

In compliance to orders from Captain Booth I marched my detachment to this place. Arriving here I found that Captain Schooley had proceeded with the militia up the Republic River. Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon, of the Fifteenth Kansas Militia, with a detachment of

