
twelve men from the Fourteenth Kansas Militia, having arrived, I proceeded up the river and encamped on Peach Creek, ten miles from this point, this being August 19. August 20, broke camp at daylight, and after marching thirty-five miles camped for the night at Lake Sibley. August 21, moved out again at daylight, marching up the north side of the Republican twenty-five miles until I struck a large trail, which I supposed to be trail made by the command under Brigadier-General Sherry, of the State militia. Following this about five miles I crossed the river and continued up on the north side of White Rock Creek about six miles, when the trail bearing to the north I crossed the creek and moved up the south side about three miles and camped, marching about forty miles this day. August 22, being in the Indian country, and knowing their habit of making a dash at or near daylight, I had the camp aroused at 3 a. m. Left camp at daylight; marched up the creek about fifteen miles, examining the opposite side (it being very hard to cross) with a spy-glass. I explored the creek up to the Big Bend, where it was said a large body of Indians were encamped with their stock, but found nothing. Striking a southeast course for the Republican, scouting Salt Marsh and its creeks, I arrived at Lake Sibley and camped for the night. August 23, divided the command and sent six men, under Lieutenant Pierce (militia), down the south side, and with my command came to Peach Creek on its north side; encamped for the night. August 24, arrived at these headquarters about 10 a. m. with stock very much reduced from want of forage and in bad shape for want of shoeing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BOOTH,

Second Lieutenant Company L, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry Vols.

Major General J. G. BLUNT,

(Through Lieutenant J. E. Tappan, aide-de-camp.)

AUGUST 21-27, 1864.-Expedition in Washington and Benton Counties, Ark., With skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union.)

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Albert W. Bishop, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union.)

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARKANSAS CAVALRY, Fayetteville, Ark., August 24, 1864.

GENERAL: Captain Hughes, with his detachment, left here as part of a command of 300 men, Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop commanding, on Sunday night, to attack 400 rebel Indians and bushwhackers, under Adair, at Cane Hill, and expecting to return this way before going to Neosho. I learn by letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop, in the field, that the rebels fled at his approach, and that no engagement could be provoked. Lieutenant-Colonel B. therefore marched directly north toward Cowskin Prairie, and I presume will leave

