
Captain H. at or near Neosho. On my return to this place I found the rebels in such numbers and so insolent in this vicinity that I did not deem it prudent to send Captain H. forward at once. I therefore detained him a few days, dealt a deadly blow to Tuck. Smith and company on the east, and then started the command directly westward. As Captain H.'s orders were not limited as regards time, I felt justified in this course, which I hope will meet your approval. I desire to express my thanks to you and through you to Captain H. for the service he has rendered. He, as well as Lieutenant Riggs, behaved with great gallantry in the action on Richland, and in their intercourse with my command have won the well deserved reputation of brave soldiers and true gentlemen. I learn from Woodring, operator at Fort Smith, that General Thayer at present will not attempt to keep up the telegraph line north. I desire especially that it be kept up between this place and Springfield, and shall use every exertion to accomplish it, though for the past ten days I have done nothing, owing to the great demand on me for men to scout the country east and west. I earnestly request that you will order about 200 cavalry to operate between Sugar Creek and Cross Hollows, both east and west of the telegraph road, and I will render them all the assistance needed in subsistence and ammunition, as well as additional force of troops. If I do not have so much work to do east, west, and south I would not this. I believe one month's campaign will make them tired of Bentonville, Cross Hollows, and War Eagle.

I remain, general, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

HEADQUARTERS, Fayetteville, Ark., August 31, 1864.

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copy of Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop's report of expedition to Neosho. A blundering clerk pasted the sheets in form of a roll, and as it is too late to rewrite it, I have to cut them apart and do the best I can. Lieutenant George, Eighth Missouri State Militia, was killed by the bushwhackers at Osage, near Bentonville, on Monday morning. He was buried here by my command yesterday. Captain Akard has gone on the Fort Smith, having been re-enforced by seventy-five men of my command and the Kansas mail party, thirty strong. The rebels are getting more scarce west of us, but matters are still in statu quo on the east. I intend to commence a new dispensation for Cross Hollows and Mud Town in about a week. We are building a fine set of stables and using every precaution to preserve our stock. It is holding its own well. I desire very much to have you visit us as soon as you can make it convenient. Let me know as soon as you get any intelligence from Washington in regard to a change of boundaries or any other matters of importance. I inclose a letter* received to-day from the "brush," which shows the serpent is wounded by his much hissing. Such letters are received by me almost daily, although no notice is ever taken of them. It might interest the public if published verbatim et literatum. The disabling of mills causes

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

