
Bentonville, Ark., arriving at that place at 1 p. m., disabling on the route Williams' and Walters' Mills, on Sugar Creek, the latter a large one, and apparently worked to its full capacity. Quite a number of rebel women were at this mill as we came up. Passing Bentonville I moved down Lick Creek, a direction, I believe, not often taken, and during the afternoon the command surprised and killed 2 bushwhackers, and a rebel spy and scout. The scout resisted to the last, fighting most bravely. Passes were found on his person from Brigadier-General Maxey, commanding District of Indian Territory, from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Army of Texas, and also from other minor commands. That evening we camped seven miles from Bentonville on the waters of Osage Creek. 30th, line of march was taken up for Brown's Mills, on the Brush Creek fork of Illinois Creek. Disabling this mill, I then moved westwardly to Thomasburg's Mill on Barren Fork of Illinois Creek, disabling it also. I now moved directly to Fayetteville, arriving there about 4 p. m.

It was my constant object while out to pass through localities where bushwhackers were reported to range and be harbored, especially Brown's command. He, I am satisfied, is not at present in that section of the country, through his return, and perhaps speedy, is not at all improbable. North of the Boston Mountains, and west of this place, there are not in my judgment one-fourth of the rebel enemies of the Government, of whatever name or kind, that infested this portion of the district a month since. Forage, corn particularly, as far west as Spavinaw Creek, is much more abundant than I had supposed. There is scarcely a Union man to be found farming in the western portions of Benton and Washington Counties, and I would suggest that this forage be secured for our proposes, without any unnecessary delay. The rebels have been roused farming in the western portions of Benton and Washington Counties, and I would suggest that this forage be secured for our purposes, without any unnecessary delay. The rebels have been roused from their fancied security, and we must work quickly to secure the result of their labor. I captured in all 30 serviceable horses and mules, Captain Hughes being permitted to appropriate what was necessary to maintain the efficiency of his command. The mills destroyed or disabled were of were little or no service to Union people.

I am, much indebted to the officers of the command for any success that may have attended the expedition.

A. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON.

AUGUST 22-25, 1864.-Scout from Helena to Mount Vernon, Ark.

Report of Major Eagleton Carmichael, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Helena, Ark., August 25, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of a scout under my command:

We left Helena on the 22nd instant on board the steamers Dove and Homeyer; went up Saint Francis River; landed four miles above the mouth of the Anguille River and disembarked. Proceeded from landing to Hughes' farm; from there to Doctor Ward's, by way of Gill's; thence to Weatherly's, Dayle's, and Mrs. Roberts'; crossed lower mouth

