
of Cow Bayou, on the Mickey's; from there to Linden; from Linden to Madison, passing several places I do not remember the names of; from Madison to Mount Vernon, through large settlements, where I heard there was a detachment of rebel cavalry, but found none; from Mount Vernon to McDaniel's, where I remained at part of the night of the 23d; from McDaniel's we returned by a different route to the upper mouth of Cow Bayou. I divided my command in passing through most of the settlements where I could, so there was but very little of the country was that Briscoe's and Coates' companies were ordered away on the 20th, but a few had been left behind to get the stragglers together and follow the companies. As the their having been pasturing any number of horses, I do not believe it, for I particularly inquired of both whites and negroes through the country and could learn nothing of them. While they were there they were scattered through the settlements in small squads, conscripting and getting what horses they could. We captured Lieutenant J. M. Grigg, Company A, Dobbin's regiment; Private Thomas M. Short, same company, and Luther Drum a conscript. We arrested W. F. Pruitt, N. Y. Gill, U. J. Howard, and P. B. Mickey. We also captured and seized 8 horses and 5 mules. The prisoners I turned over to the provost-marshal and the stock I turned over to the district quartermaster. We destroyed a large number of shotguns and rifles and burned McDaniel's Mill. I should have gone to Dick Anderson's, but could hear of no rebel soldiers in that direction, and it would have detained us nearly a day longer, and could not have reached the boats until the morning of the 25th without overworking our horses.

E. CARMICHAEL,

Major, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant F. E. SNOW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Eastern Arkansas.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Helena, August 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Major Carmichael is entitled to much credit for this scout.

WM. CROOKS,Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.

AUGUST 22-30, 1864.-Operations in La Fayette County, Mo.

Report of Captain Melville U. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HOLDEN, MO., August 31, 1864.

I have the honor to report marches, scouts, &amp;c., of my command:

August 22, took Lieutenant Pharis and thirty men of both companies and arrested the families of Durrett, Stoner, Cowarden, and Scott, for feeding bushwhackers; returned same day; traveled thirty miles. August 24, Lieutenants Pharis and Marr, with forty men of both companies, escorted prisoners to Warrensburg; returned next day; traveled

