
thirty miles. Same day Lieutenant Combs, with thirty-five men, escorted Paymaster Mears to Chapel Hill; traveled thirty miles. August 26, took thirty-five men of both companies, in obedience to telegram from district headquarters; proceeded to Big Creek to co-operate with Captain Queen, from Warrensburg; drove Walnut Creek; jumped three bushwhackers; drew blood, but got no one. August 27, met Captain Queen; proceeded up Big Creek; drove the brush on Panther Creek. Was told that a body of Confederates had passed to the westward recently; took the direction. On arriving at the residence of Mr. Tackett was told by him that Palmer, with 140 recruits for the Confederate army, had passed between Harrisonville and Pleasant Hill, and left this his house early the morning of the 26th. Palmer thus being thirty-six hours ahead, and night at hand, rendering it utterly impossible to follow him till morning, thereby virtually giving him forty-eight hours the start of us, it was thought useless to follow. We therefore proceeded up Big Creek. August 28, proceeded to the mouth of Crawford's Fork of Big Creek, and divided the force, Captain Queen, with one-half, taking one side, while I, with the balance, took the other side. Near evening, with my squad, ran afoul of a gang of about fifteen bushwhackers within six miles of Chapel Hill; had a nice little chase of about three miles, completely scattering the gang, dismounting one man, capturing one horse, saddle, and bridle. August 29, again separated as before. Captain Queen saw and fired upon two bushwhackers. I flushed a gang of about ten or twelve in a thicket; wounded 2, but escaped in the brush. Captured 4 horses and equipments and 3 guns. Two of the horses were so badly wounded as to be unable to travel, and were left; the saddles of such inferior quality that I destroyed them on the ground. August 30, returned to camp, having traveled 115 miles. Besides this there was a daily patrol of twenty men to and from Pleasant Hill.

Very respectfully,

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. N. PENNOCK,

Adjt. 7th Regiment Cav. Mo. State Militia, Warrensburg, Mo.

AUGUST 23, 1864.-Affair at Webster, Mo.

Report of Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

PILOT KNOB, MO., August 25, 1864.

I sent a squad to Cadet Station yesterday morning. Scouts are out continually scouring Saint Francois and Washington Counties. A band of fifty guerrillas entered Webster and plundered the place on the morning of the 23d, and returned in a southwesterly direction. Scout have gone in that direction. I have men engaged in completing Fort Davidson. The work on the fort on Rock Mountain had been suspended when I came here. If you desire the work continued please inform me. An engineer, sent here by General Rosecrans to report, &amp;c., reports that fort a nuisance.

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier-General EWING.

