
AUGUST 23-26, 1864.-Scout from Ozark, Mo., to Dubuque Crossing and Sugar Loaf Prairie.

Report of Captain John C. Bailey, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY, Near Ozark, August 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a scout of one commissioned officer and twenty men which left here on the morning of the 23rd instant returned to-day. They scouted the country as far south-east as Dubuque, crossing the river and going ten miles farther down on Sugar Loaf Prairie. They report no force of the enemy moving this direction, and, from the best information could gain, Shelby was at Batesville with about 2,500 men, and the general impression is that he has been ordered south across the Arkansas River. His conscripts are deserting him faster than he can gather them up. One company of sixty-five which was gotten up south of here now number but twelve men, which is no double correct, since bushwhackers are quite numerous through a portion of the country which my scouts pass through. I am keeping a small scout at Forsyth and vicinity and between here and that point all the time. I sent a lieutenant and twenty men to Dubuque and vicinity to-day to be absent five days. I understand Captain Ball is going down into that county; if so, will not that relieve me from scouting there to some extent? If there are not some heavy rains soon will be obliged to move the detachment to where there is water, since it is so scarce here now that have to water most of my stock out of buckets. Am hauling forage ten miles, and getting scarce at that. Some sixteen head of best horses are unserviceable, lame with the foot evil (a singular disease), and cannot account as to the cause. In some cases the hoof come nearly off, and appears to be no remedy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN C. BAILEY,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.

AUGUST 23-28, 1864.-Expedition from Cassville, Mo., to Fayetteville, Ark., and skirmish (24th) at Gerald Mountain, Ark.

Report of Captain James L. Powell, Second Arkansas Cavalry.

CAMP PHELPS, MO., August 29, 1864.

COLONEL: I herewith transmit my report of the command which 1 was placed in charge of by September Orders, Numbers 51, headquarters Post of Cassville, Cassville, Mo.

I obedience to instructions I proceeded with the train, leaving the Big Spring, near Cassville, on the morning of the 23rd of August. I proceeded with caution to Little Sugar Creek, where I encamped without molestation. On the morning of the 24th I continued our move on the wire road. I moved forward until in about ten miles of Fayetteville, at what is called the Gerald Mountain. The rear guard was suddenly attacked by about twenty-five rebels, who were concealed

18 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

