
on our left. At the moment of the attack the rear guard gave way, and the rebels seeing this dashed upon the wagons, firing at teamsters and mules. Being at the head of the column myself, as soon as I heard the firing started to the rear, ordering all the infantry to form and protect the advance of the train, while I ordered the cavalry to follow me. I immediately made my way to the place of firing with what men I could hastily call upon. On arriving at the place of action I opened fire on some rebels who were shooting one of my wounded men. As soon as I commenced firing at the enemy they began to fall back. I followed them as far as I thought prudent on account of the train. The enemy drew off up a mountain to the east, whereupon I thought best to proceed to move on with the train. I proceeded to Fayetteville on the 24th. My loss was 1 man killed; 1 other man shot in four different parts of the body; one or two others slightly grazed with bullets. After remaining at Fayetteville two days I started to Cassville on the 27th instant, throwing at Fayetteville two days I started to Cassville on the 27th instant, throwing out flankers on each side of the way. I had no further difficulty, and arrived at Cassville the 28th instant. I also lost in the fight 1 Government mule and 3 horses.

JAMES L. POWELL,

Captain Company F, Second Arkansas Cavalry.

AUGUST 23-29, 1864.-Expedition to Clinton, La., with skirmishes (25th) at Olive Branch and the Comite River.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Ellis S. Dennis, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Benjamin Dornblaser, Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, U. S. Army.

Numbers 5.-Major Bacon Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Captain William J. Evans, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted).

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson.

BATON ROUGE, August 28, 1864. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

MAJOR: I returned last evening from Clinton, after driving Scott twenty miles from that place in the direction of Liberty. He made obstinate resistance to both columns for twelve miles from Clinton. Our loss is 6 killed and 23 wounded, among the latter are two of General Lee's staff officers, Captain McComas and Captain Pierce. The enemy's loss is 30 killed, including 1 field officer, and over 100 wounded, including several officers, one of whom, Captain Thompson, is on the road mortally wounded and probably dead ere this. We have also over 20 prisoners, including 1 officer, Captain Bradford, of Colonel Scott's staff. General Lee met the enemy at Redwood, seventeen miles from

