
this place, and had a sharp fight with them at midnight, driving them to the Comite River, where they used artillery freely, he dislodging them after several hours' work, pushing close to Clinton. I left Hudson with the infantry at 5 o'clock on the evening of the 25th. When five miles out a bridge fifty feet long gave way with the advance guard of cavalry on it, precipitating thirty men and horses into a bayou, and badly injuring six men and a number of horses. It required three hours hard labor to rebuild the bridge, and but for the unfortunate delay I could have reached Clinton at daylight without resistance, and thus have been completely in rear of the force watching Lee. A battery of four guns that had been at Tunica passed from Jackson to Clinton half an hour before I struck the Clinton road. A movement had been expected from Baton Rouge, but not from Port Hudson, and they were completely off guard in that direction. We destroyed their corn stored at Clinton and at several points east and north. General Lee followed Scott toward Liberty, but at least advices Scott had left there and was moving in the direction of Osyka. I also had the Government workshop near Clinton destroyed. We brought ten or twelve bales of cotton and a number of head of cattle, also quite a number of negroes. I am much indebted to Generals Lee and Dennis for the energy displayed in pushing forward their commands. Will report in detail to-morrow,.

Respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Elias S. Dennis, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Morganza, La., September 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report for the information of the general commanding:

Pursuant to his instructions of the 23rd of August, 1864, I embarked on steamers with about 3,000 men of my command, and proceeded down the river to Port Hudson, La.; reached that point at 5 a. m. August 24, and at 4 p. m., in compliance with orders from Major-General Herron, I took up line of march for Clinton, La., and after marching all night arrived there at 2 p. m. August 25, meeting with but slight opposition from the enemy on the way. Remained in camp at Clinton until 4 p. m. August 26, then started on my return to Port Hudson. I met no enemy, but owing to the excessive heat did not reach that point until 8 a. m. August 28. Having to await the arrived of boats, we were detained here until 4 p. m., when I proceeded up the river to Morganza, La., reaching there without accident on the morning of August 29, 1864. Below please find list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces, Morganza, La.

