
First Brigade; Eleventh Illinois Infantry, 3 men missing; Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, 2 men missing; Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry, 1 man missing; Thirtieth Missouri Infantry, 2 men missing.

Second Brigade: Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, 1 man missing; Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, 2 men missing; One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry, 2 men missing.

Artillery: Twenty-sixth New York Light Artillery, 1 man wounded.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Benjamin Dornblaser, Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Morganza, La., August 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders, this brigade embarked on steamers on the night of the 23rd instant and proceeded to Port Hudson, La., where it disembarked. On the evening of the 24th instant, at 5 p. m., the column moved out in the direction of Clinton, La., the First Brigade in advance, supplies with five days' rations and one ammunition wagon to each regiment. The command marched all night, only resting at intervals to enable the column to close up, and arrived at Clinton at noon of the 25th. Small scouting parties of the enemy only were encountered, who fled at once approach. The troops rested until 4 p. m. of the 26th, when the return march was commenced, arriving at Port Hudson on the morning of the 28th, and Morganza on the morning of the 29th. Port Hudson is distant twenty-five miles from here, and from Port Hudson to Clinton the same. The march was a very hard one, and the losses sustained by the brigade were caused principally by men becoming exhausted by the way and being captured by the enemy, who followed in our rear. The following ar the losses of the brigade: Eleventh Illinois, 3 missing; Forty-sixth Illinois, 2 missing; Seventy-sixth Illinois, 1 missing; Thirtieth Missouri, 2 missing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,B. DORNBLASER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. E. KUHN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 19th Army Corps.

Numbers 4. Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General Albert L. Lee.*

August 11.-The division was formed and General Lee announced as its commander in General Orders, Numbers 1, headquarters Department of

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

