
the Gulf, Office Chief of Cavalry. The Second Louisiana Cavalry was announced as belonging to First Brigade, but by order of Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, that regiment was consolidated with First Louisiana Cavalry and the men sent to the latter regiment, at Morganza, La. The Eleventh New York Cavalry during the month was stationed at points along the Mississippi River above and below a point opposite Donaldsonville, La., guarding the country.

The division, excepting the Eleventh New York Cavalry,moved out of Baton Rouge upon Clinton, La., on the 24th, to co-operate with an infantry force from Port Hudson, to strike the rebel forces under Colonel Scott. An accident delaying the infantry column, the rebels were not surrounded, as was designed. The cavalry met the enemy, about 1,800 strong, and drove him, after severe skirmishing, seven miles beyond Clinton, capturing 2 officers and 35 men.

August 27.-Returned to camp. The cavalry at other times during the month were engaged in picket and scouting duty.

Numbers 5. Report of Major Bacon Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS, Baton Rouge, La., August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command during the late expedition to Clinton, La.:

At 2 p. m. August 24 my regiment was in line on the Clinton road in rear of the Second Louisiana Cavalry; passing the picket with fifty men of my regiment I took the advance and soon came upon a squad of the enemy who gradually fell back before [us]; they never returned our fire raised the white flag. I halted the column, not wishing them to see our force, and advanced with Captain Jenkins and two men and met Captain Brown with three men. I asked for his communication; he said it would be forthcoming in a few minutes. In the meantime I had sent the two men back as messengers to Colonel Fonda. In a few minutes I received the order from you to send the men whom I had captured to the rear. The enemy instantly sprang into their saddles and started off rapidly, saying they would not be taken, but said they would await me a few hundred yards in advance. I rode back till I met Colonel Fonda, who told me to meet him and if he had any communication to receive it, if not to give him fifteen minutes to get [our of] our way. He said he wanted no longer time than that and dashed off. When the time was up we started at a gallop and pursued them two them, the heat being so excessive and the main column so far in our rear, I ordered a halt and rested until the remainder of the command closed up. Soon after dark we were again ordered forward. The enemy taking advantage of the darkness of the night and the favorable position in front, annoyed us frequently by firing on my advance; at one fire they wounded the sergeant who had charge of the advance and his horse also. At another time concealing themselves in the thick under-brush they permitted us to advance within ten or twenty feet of them, when they opened a rapid fire on us, killing 3 horses and severely wound-

