
ing 1 man, but their fire was returned with such vigor that they were compelled to abandon their horses, which were tied near the road. Near Comite bridge they fired on us, killing 1 man instantly. Here two companies of my regiment were sent to guard the roads in our rear. Soon after we crossed the river, having to swim a few feet. Two miles from the bridge we rested a few minutes, and under orders from the general commanding I assumed command of the advance, consisting of a detachment of the Fourth Wisconsin in addition to my regiment. We immediately charged them, keeping up a running fight until within one mile of the town, killing and capturing several, the men using their sabers after their carbines and revolvers had been discharged. Here the Fourth Wisconsin having been considerably scattered and very much fatigued, I moved the Sixth in their front, and in conjunction with about 100 of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry on foot, I drove them within and beyond the limits of the town, their rear fleeing in confusion and disorder upon our entrance. On 28th we returned to this place as rear guard of the division, having lost 1 killed and 4 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BACON MONTGOMERY,

Major, Commanding Sixth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers.

Captain T. W. HURST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain William J. Evans, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted).

HDQRS. 118TH Regiment ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY, Baton Rouge, La., August 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from headquarters First Brigade this day, I have the honor to submit the following statement with regard to the party taken by the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry in the expedition to Clinton, La.:

When the regiment was formed on the Clinton road on the 24th instant the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois was third from the right under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Logan, who remained in command until the column arrived near Cypress Bayou, when he returned to camp sick, turning the command over to the undersigned, senior captain. After marching to Brushy Bayou, in compliance with orders, I sent Captain Shaw, Company G, forward with 100 men to the support of the advance, who continued with the advance three miles beyond Redwood, when he was ordered to dismount forty men and send in advance of the cavalry deployed under command of Lieutenant E. B. Hamilton, and to report the remainder of his 100 men to the regiment. These forty men continued in the advance until arriving near Olive Branch, where they met the enemy and routed them after a short skirmish, in which Private Thomas E. Mix, Company B, was killed. They also captured 2 prisoners at this place. This occurred about 2 a. m. on the 25th instant. After crossing Olive Branch I sent forward fifty men, under command of Captains Rosenbrook and Robinson, to

