
relieve Lieutenant Hamilton. They continued on foot skirmishing with the enemy to within half a mile of the Comite River. During this skirmishing Corpl. William P. Rice, Company K, was slightly wounded in the foot, and in accordance with orders I dismounted the remainder of the regiment and went forward to their support. I arrived at the river at daybreak, where I found the enemy in force, who had partially destroyed the bridge to obstruct our passage. After sharp skirmishing until near 9 a. m. the enemy was dislodged. I then ordered the command to mount and effected a crossing by swimming the horses at the bridge. After the command crossed I was ordered by General Lee to report to Major Montgomery, with the regiment, who had command of the advance, keeping up a running fight until the enemy made a stand one miles this side of Clinton, when I was ordered to dismount 100 men and advance with them deployed, skirmishing with the enemy, dislodging him, and driving him through the city. While in Clinton the regiment was on provost duty, where we remained until 9 a. m. the 27th instant, when we took up our line of march, arriving at camp near Baton Rouge at 10.30 p. m. 27th instant.

The total casualties are 1 man killed, 1 man slightly wounded, and 3 horses from the extreme heat.

I take pleasure in saying both officers and men did their duty well.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. J. EVANS,

Captain Company F, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. W. HURST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

AUGUST 24, 1864.-Skirmish on Gunter's Prairie, Ind. Ter.

Report of Major General Samuel B. Maxey, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, C. N., September 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I am in receipt of General Watie's official report, by which it appears that at daylight on August 24th ultimo he attacked a Federal camp on north side of Arkansas River, on Gunter's Prairie, about 350 infantry and about 70 cavalry, with a detachment of his command of about 500. He says:

The result of this affair was 14 prisoners, about 20 killed, 150 mules and horses, and the burning of a large quantity of hay. I had several men wounded, 1 killed, and some horses killed-shot. The principal object was to burn the hay and capture the stock.

He says he did not intend to engage enemy with equal numbers, and that enemy was stronger than he anticipated.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Shreveport, La.

