
AUGUST 24, 1864.-Action at Ashley's and Jones' Stations, near Devall's Bluff, Ark.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Arkansas.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert Moyers, Third Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, August 26, 1864.

GENERAL: On the 24th instant a large rebel force under Shelby made a raid upon the railroad between Devall's Bluff and Brownsville, capturing the guard, destroying the telegraph wire, and tearing up the track. They also burned a large quantity of hay and destroy the machines for cutting and pressing. Shelby's force is reported 3,000 cavalry and six pieces of artillery. Before sufficient force could be assembled to capture them they were off. Our troops are still in pursuit. Our cavalry made them take to the woods. I have not learned particulars from Devall's Bluff. It is currently reported that the rebels have crossed a large force near Arkansas Post, for the purpose of joining Shelby and attacking Devall's Bluff and the railroad. Little Rock was to be attacked at the same time. Colonel Clayton, relying any considerable force has crossed the Arkansas; he thinks that a large cavalry force under Price is now moving upon the south side of the Saline for the purpose of crossing the Arkansas above here and making a raid into Missouri. Price is reported to have 15,000 cavalry, including Marmaduke's division. I have been informed by everybody recently from the south-deserters, refugees, &amp;c.-that Price has been put in command of the cavalry and John Magruder of the infantry that are to move against me. It is the general opinion that Price expects to go to Missouri, and his troops at Saint Charles to Devall's Bluff, and hope you will send me force enough to enable me to take the field and leave the depots secure. My troops are constantly being discharged by expiration of term of service. My instructions are to hold the line of the Arkansas. If my veterans are to be sent to some other department, and my force continues to diminish, I should prefer massing the whole command, taking the field with it, and leaving the safety of the posts to future consideration.

Very respectfully,F. STEELE,

Major-General.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.

---------------

*See also Jackman's report, p. 671.

---------------

