
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Anderson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 25, 1864-1.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Yesterday morning, I received information from a reliable source that the rebels had finished their pontoons over the Arkansas River above the post and that they were to cross day before yesterday; that their plan was to attack Little Rock, Devall's Bluff, and the railroad simultaneously. I wrote a dispatch containing this information for General Steele, but the telegraph line was down and has been so ever since. At 12.30 o'clock yesterday a messenger from Ashley's Station arrived stating that Shelby, with a force of 2,000, with artillery come in from the north. Ashby's Station is twelve miles, perhaps fifteen, from here on the railroad. There were about 150 troops there guarding the railroad and haymakers.

There was one station beyond and three this side, at each of which were two companies of the Fifty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry. Subsequent information showed that Colonel G. M. Mitchell, commanding the Fifty-fourth Illinois, had concentrated six companies at a station two miles this side of Ashley's and was resisting the enemy. I sent out from here the available force of three regiments of cavalry, I sent out from here the available force of three regiments of cavalry, under Colonel Geiger, numbering about 750, for observation at least, and in interpose assistance to Colonel Mitchell if possible. Geiger arrived promptly, but Mitchell had been taken. The cavalry commenced to engage Shelby only a few minutes after Mitchell surrender and fought him two hours. The enemy, it is reported, had 2,000 or 3,000 men, and I have reasons to believe that he had forces still back that were not engaged. Our loss was 6 killed and 42 wounded. I think we lost no prisoners. The fight ended by the enemy falling back into the timber toward the north and a little in this direction. Geiger then fell back to prevent the enemy getting between this place and him. Our men did more than hold their own. I have had no communication at all with Little Rock, and do not know what has been going on there yesterday and to-day. Of course i know nothing about operations at Pine Bluff. I am apprehensive that the enemy will move up here from the Arkansas River. My forces have lately been taken away to the extent of two regiments to strengthen Pine Bluff, and the Fifty-fourth Illinois, a veteran regiment, had lately been taken from here to serve as guard for hay contractors. I, therefore, have only about 600 infantry and 1,000 effective cavalry, together with one battery. I yesterday sent to Saint Charles for a gun-boat, which I soon expect to arrive.

In haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis.

P. S.-Three demands were made upon Colonel Mitchell before he surrender. Our loss in infantry must amount to 450 prisoners.

