HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 25, 1864-2 p. m.

MAJOR: I desire to communicate in a few brief lines the military condition of affairs in this locality as far as they are known to me. I between Little Rock and this place. I learned yesterday morning from a reliable source that the rebels had completed pontoons over the Arkansas above the post, and were to cross day before yesterday; that their plan was to attack Little Rock, Devall's Bluff, and the railroad simultaneously. I was unable to communicate this intelligence to General Steele on account of the telegraph lines being down. At 12.30 from the north with 2,000 men, artillery and a train, and attacked the hay stations, fifteen miles out. Guarding these stations from eight to fifteen miles out were posts of two companies of infantry at each post. The Fifty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry was on this duty. Colonel Mitchell, commanding, concentrated six companies at one post and made some resistance. He was finally taken with his force. Our loss in prisoners thus taken must be about 400 or 500. My force here had lately been weakened to re-enforce Pine Bluff, and I have only 600 infantry, one battery of six pieces, and from 800 to 1,000 cavalry. On learning of this attack, however, I sent out all the available cavalry at hand under Colonel Geiger, commanding Third Brigade. He took enemy's skirmishers only a few minutes after Colonel Mitchell had been taken. Geiger had the Eighth Missouri, Ninth Iowa, and about 150 men of the Eleventh Missouri. He engaged the enemy about two hours. The enemy then began to fall back toward the north, and inclining this way, upon which Geiger fell back to prevent his getting between this place and him. Our loss in that fight was 6 killed and 42 wounded. The fight took place upon the open prairie and was a gallant affair. I yesterday sent down to Saint Charles and requested that a gun-boat be sent up. I expect it to arrive. soon. There are about 1,500 troops at Saint Charles which I wish were here. I am certainly weak, even to hold this place against a serious attack of superior numbers. I ought to be able to move out and whip completely any such force as Shelby has. We are working constantly. I have armed the quartermaster's employees. A loyal person took pains to travel in some distance to inform me that Price's movement toward Pine Bluff was a feint; that he would probably attack Little Rock.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans.

Have had no communication with Little Rock since day before yesterday.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the facts and information I am able to furnish in regard to the attack by General Shelby's forces yesterday on the railroad and haymakers' stations, near Ashley's Station.

