
I will first remark that the telegraph line was down all day yesterday, and to show the information which I received early yesterday morning, will copy the dispatch which I sent to the telegraph office:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 24, 1864-8 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,Little Rock:

A Mrs. Jones (loyal), who lives just below confluence of Bayou Metoe and Bayou Two Prairies, overheard conversation day before yesterday, at her home, between two Confederate scouts, to the effect that rebels had pontoons over the Arkansas above the post and would cross by yesterday; that the plan was to attack Little Rock, the railroad, and Devall's Bluff at the same time.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-This was not sent on 24th, wires being down; action at hay station.

At about 12.30 p. m. a man from the First Nebraska came riding in haste up to my headquarters and reported that Shelby had captured Ashley's Station, where were two companies of Fifty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry and a detachment of the First Nebraska; that Shelby came upon the railroad from the north; that he had about 2,000 men, artillery, and wagon train; also that he was moving upon the other hay stations in this direction (Ashley's Station is full twelve miles distant from here). Immediately on receipt of this intelligence I directed Colonel W. W. F. Geiger, commanding Third Brigade (cavalry), to proceed with his available force at hand toward Shelby to interpose assistance to the infantry if he could, or at any rate to observe the enemy.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 24, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will send a scout of 200 men, with four days' rations, in direction of Arkansas Post, to start immediately. The officer in command will report at these headquarters for instructions.

By orders of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

W. A. MARTIN,

First Lieutenant, Third Michigan Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Before noon Colonel Geiger was excused from sending this scout till morning, on account of expectation of the regiments being paid.

Colonel and Eleventh Missouri and the Ninth Iowa Cavalry. About fifteen minutes after the first messenger arrived another of the First Nebraska arrived with intelligence similar to the first, and subsequently for an hour or two enlisted men and citizen employees came in every half hour or so, confirming the intelligence. Each one reported the enemy's force from 2,000 to 2,500, and altogether superior to the detachments guarding the hay contractors. They represented that they had been only a little more than an hour coming us. They represented that they had been only a little more than an hour coming in. At about 2 o'clock a messenger brought me a communication from Colonel G. M. Mitchell, commanding Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers, and the other troops guarding haymakers, of which the following is a copy:

JONES AND LANE'S HAY STATION, August 24, 1864.

General ANDREWS:

I am surrounded by a large number of cavalry from the north of the railroad. Ashley's Station surrendered, and hay burned. I have concentrated six companies at this station and will fight to the last; send help if possible. The enemy have two pieces of artillery.

G. M. MITCHELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I have the honor nothing of the two companies at the stockade. I rode up to Myers' Pass and the fight took place in my absence.

MITCHELL.

