
Soon after the receipt of this I sent an engine with four platform-cars within instructions to take up the two companies of Twelfth Michigan Volunteer Infantry guarding railroad bridge from eight to ten miles distant from here, and proceed on with them as a re-enforcement, or in case that appeared impracticable to bring them it. Lieutenant E. C. Litherland, acting aide-de-camp, volunteered to carry out these instructions. Upon getting out beyond the farthest of these small posts, it appeared that the hay stations were on fire. There was constant firing, and it was not thought prudent by the lieutenant to proceed any farther. Both companies of the Twelfth Michigan were soon afterward brought in. At this time Colonel Geiger's command had not reached the enemy. Colonel Geiger's skirmishers began to engage the enemy about a mile this side of Jones' hay station, and he reports that it was only a very few minutes after the firing had ceased at that station that they commenced. He moved on beyond Jones' Station and there learned from a wounded man, as well as from appearances of things there, that Colonel Mitchell and the six companies with him had been captured. Although the enemy largely outnumbered Colonel Geiger's command, he engaged him for about two hours in a brisk fight. The enemy then began to fall toward the timber and to the north, moving at the same time in this direction. At this, Geiger began also to fall back this way. Our men are reported to have fought very gallantly. Copies of reports of casualties in each regiment are inclosed. The number of killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: Eighth Missouri Cavalry, killed, 3; wounded, 36; Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, killed, 3; wounded, 7. Total, killed, 6; wounded, 43.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, August 27, 1864.

Since my report of the 25th was written I learned that the two companies of the Fifty-fourth Illinois at the stockade were not taken. Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, of the Fifty-fourth Illinois, was on the train that was bringing the paymaster along that day. As soon as it was known that the enemy was in the vicinity he had the paymaster's box of money put on the engine with instructions to have it burned if the train was captured. The sutler of the First Nebraska escaped from the enemy, and I learned that he reports that the prisoners were taken in a southwest division, and that any prisoner who fell out or was unable to keep up (and they were marched fast) was shot. I will have the sutler's deposition taken as soon as I can have his personal attendance. Two companies of the Twelfth Michigan were sent out yesterday to occupy the posts about eight miles distant from here. I went out there myself on a platform-car. I sent our Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman with a party yesterday to repair the telegraph. I expect it will son be working. One boat, the Kate Hart, has started to Saint Charles.

In haste, very respectfully, &amp;c.,C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock.

P. S.-I received dispatch this morning to send out Colonel Geiger with his available force. He is ready to move.

C. C. A.

