
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding, I have the honor to report that on the 24th day of August, at 1.30 p. m., I received the following communication from Brigadier-General Andrews, commanding forces at Devall's Bluff:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, August 24, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL; A messenger who left Ashley's Station an hour and a half ago reports that a column of cavalry, apparently 2,000, were moving upon and had attacked Ashley's Station. If had a wagon train and was coming from the north. Move out with what force you can take for observation at least. Interpose assistance to our forces if you can.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

In twenty minutes I was on the march with detachments Eighth Missouri Cavalry, 360, Ninth Iowa, 210, and Eleventh Missouri, 120, and moved as rapidly as the condition of my horses would permit in the direction of Ashley's Station. When within one mile and a half of Jones' hay station I heard cannonading which appeared to be at the station, and deployed the Eighth Missouri Cavalry as I marched. When within a quarter of a mile of Jones' Station the cannonading ceased, and seeing a line of about 2,000 of the enemy's cavalry drawn up on the north side of the railroad, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens to cross the railroad with the Eleventh Missouri and move on the enemy's left flank, while the Eighth Missouri attacked him in front, keeping the Ninth Iowa as a reserve. The enemy immediately opened a heavy fire of musketry, which was replied to by our carbines. The fighting continued about two hours, during which time my line advanced steadily while that of the enemy retired slowly, but in good order. The enemy made two or three attempts to charge my left flank, but were repulsed each time. I had now driven the enemy back into the timber, where I discovered two lines of dismounted men, who appeared to be endeavoring to outflank me on the left, and get between my force and Devall's Bluff. Night coming on, I withdrew my forces, and returned to Devall's Bluff, arriving at 9 p. m., having marched thirty miles and fought two hours after 2 p. m. with horses that had just returned from a hard scout within having feed for two days. My loss in killed and wounded were: Eighth Missouri Cavalry, killed, 6; wounded, 38; missing, 1. Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, killed 3; wounded, 5. Both officers and men behaved as soldiers should. Had my horses been in such a condition that I could have charged the enemy I might have punished him more severely. Of Colonel Mithcell I know nothing. The officer in charge of my skirmishers said he saw the enemy hurrying the prisoners toward the timber as he advanced.

W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas.

