
ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding.*

* * * *

August 24.-At 1 p. m. the brigade marched toward Ashley's Station, seventeen miles from Devall's Bluff, on the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad, where it was reported the enemy had made his appearance in force. On arriving near the station our pickets engaged those of the enemy, where he showed himself in force on the open prairie, commanded by the rebel General Shelby. Line of battle was formed and the action commenced, which lasted for two hours and ten minutes, when our supply of ammunition was exhausted. We then withdrew in good order to Devall's Bluff. The enemy were as anxious to leave as we were. Apparently they withdrew at the same time, leaving their dead unburied. Our loss was not heavy, the enemy losing heavily both in killed and wounded, notwithstanding they outnumbered us three to one. The brigade returned to camp at 10 p. m. of the same date.

* * * *

Numbers 4. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert Moyers, Third Michigan Cavalry.

BROWNSVILLE, August 24, 1864.

Train has returned from Ashley's with Lieutenant Colonel Chapman, Fifty-fourth Illinois, and force. He lost 75 men. A surgeon from that regiment was captured, and since returned. He saw Shelby, who is in command of a force to number 1,500. Two of our wounded are here. Enemy in possession of road at last accounts.

MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWNSVILLE, August 24, 1864.

The enemy have captured Ashley's Station and burned it. Force not known. They have artillery.

G. MOYERS.

Captain C. H. DYER.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army.

HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS, August 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I report to you with pleasure another severe fight and another substantial victory on the 24th of August. I moved with 2,500

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

