
AUGUST 25, 1864-Skirmishes at Morgan's Ferry and on the Atchafalaya River, La.

Report of Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., August 28, 1864.

I would respectfully report for the information of the major-general commanding that Lieutenant-Colonel Gurney, Second New York Cavalry, with a party of fifty cavalry made a reconnaissance to Morgan's Ferry on the 25th instant. He found the enemy encamped on the opposite side in some force with four pieces of artillery in position; two miles this side the river he encountered a rebel picket consisting of one lieutenant and six men; these were pursued to the river, where they took refuge under the bank, under cover of their guns. Colonel Gurney, however, with half his force, very gallantly charged up to the river, and, although exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, succeeded in capturing and bringing off the picket without loss. On the same day Captain R. F. Yeaton, First Louisiana Cavalry, with 100 men, visited the Atchafalaya by way of the New Texas road, Bayou Latenache, and Robinson's plantation. On the road they met a party of four rebels and captured their horses and equipments. The men escaped to the woods. They struck the Atchafalaya at the mouth of Mamie Bayou; captured a Confederate soldier in the act of crossing the river in a small boat used as ferry. One company of the enemy are encamped on the opposite side. Captain Yeaton dismounted his men and fired a volley into their camp and drove them from it in confusion, killing a number of horses. Under cover of the dismounted men Lieutenant Emmons and four men of the First Louisiana Cavalry took the boat, crossed over to the camp, destroyed 10 Enfield rifles, 12 or 15 saddles and equipments, and threw all movable camp and garrison equipage into the river, and recrossed in safety. The captain returned to camp without further adventure of interest. The prisoners, Lieutenant Gilley and six men of the Thirty-fourth and one of the First Texas Regiment, were sent down yesterday.

M. K. LAWLER,Brigadier-General.

Captain S. C. FARRINGTON,

Staff of Major-General Reynolds.

AUGUST 25-29, 1864.-Scouts in Jackson and Cass Counties, Mo., with skirmish (26th) near Pleasant Hill.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Sergt. Henry J. Tibbits, Company D, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry.

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 27, 1864.

Fourteenth foot-scouts, under Corporal Shaw, had a fight with not less than sixty bushwhackers yesterday morning, eight miles east of Pleasant Hill, killing 2 and also wounding 2, disabling some horses. No one hurt on our side.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

19 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

