
My thanks are earnestly due to all my officers and men for their courage and devotion and their eagerness at all times to meet the enemy.

Hoping this report will prove satisfactory, I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

Major L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Arkansas.

No. 14. Reports of Major General Samuel B. Maxey, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, C. N., July 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I was officially advised last night that on the morning of the 27th instant a detachment about 600 strong, under the command of Brigadier General R. M. Gano, made up from Gano's brigade, Colonel S. N. Folsom's (Second Choctaw) regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Well's battalion, attacked the Sixth Kansas Cavalry within five of Fort Smith, completely routing it,killing and wounding about 50, capturing 127 prisoners, about 200 Sharps rifles, and about 400 six-shooters, a number of horses, some sutler's stores, came equipage, &amp;c. Among the prisoners is Major Mefford, who commanded said regiment. A body of Arkansas Federals, who were with the Sixth Kansas, stampeded.

Our loss 8 killed and several wounded; the exact number not known.

An unofficial note from an officer states that the enemy from Fort Smith followed General Gano out on his return and that an attack on the camp was likely. I do not believe the enemy will now throw out anything more than a reconnaissance in force. Preparations to the extent of our means will be made.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,S. B. MAXEY.

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, C. N., August 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I received official advices from General last night, under date August 2, that on the 31st ultimo he made a demonstration in force on Fort Smith, ran in the pickets and all outside the breast-works. Subsequently the enemy on recovering from surprise came out and picket fight ensued, he losing 2 men killed, and the enemy he thinks considerably more. He captured 12 prisoners and burnt their camp and commissary stores at Green Springs, three miles from Fort Smith;also captured some horses and cattle.

The next day having taken up camp on Cedar Prairie, about nine miles from Fort Smith,he sent a small scout near Fort Smith, west of Poteau, which was heavily shelled (without damage) for several hours

