
Numbers 2. Report of Sergt. Henry J. Tibbits, Company D, Second Colorado Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., August 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report my foot scout:

I started from here about 10 o'clock on the 25th day of August, 1864, with twenty-three men, and proceeded to Captain West's camp, on Fire Prairie, distance twelve miles. There I took ten more men, making my force in all thirty-three men, and about 7 o'clock that same evening I proceeded north from said camp about twelve miles and then camped for the night. The next morning I proceeded north about six miles to Six-Mile Creek; thence northeast to the telegraph road, a distance of about six miles, and there I found that the bushwhackers had pulled the wire down in the road and piled rails on it in such a manner that a person riding fast in the night might hurt himself by running against it. I then struck off in an easterly direction to Fire Prairie Creek, a distance of about seven miles, and there camped for the night. The next morning I proceeded southeast to Judge Gray's. There my pickets saw three bushwhackers and fired upon them; and I also learned there that Thornton had crossed the river on Wednesday night with about 150 men and had gone south. About seventy-five of them fed in that vicinity the next morning after crossing the river. And I also learned that there were about 400 of the militia in pursuit of them. Then I proceeded about one miles on Bone Hill and saw eight bushwhackers, but they were some distance off and I did not get a shot at them. I then camped for the night. I saw plenty of signs about there. The next morning I went back to Judge Gray's and I learned there that Todd was in the country with about 150 men. I then started south and went across Bone Hill to Robinson's. I saw plenty of signs on my route, and at Robinson's I saw plenty of the fresh camps and where there had a large command crossed Bone Hill. I staid there until about 6 p. m., and learned that fifty men had stopped there the night before and fifteen that morning, and fed. They were said to belong to Thornton's command. I then struck west, and after marching about one mile and a half, and about half a mile from the Widow Robinson's, I met eight bushwhackers in the brush and fired upon them, and saw six go off mounted and two horses following without riders. I then went to the Widow Robinson's house and learned there that eighth bushwhackers had been there the day before with twenty-four men and drawn up in line before the house, and after waiting there about one hour two men came from the brush and talked with him some time. Then they disbanded and went into the brush in squads of about four or five men in a squad. I also learned that they had been passing there for the last week in small squads and I saw plenty of tracks, and i think that there is a command near there of about 100 or 150 men. I staid there until dark and then struck a southwest course for about four miles and camped for the night. Then this morning I started about 4.30 o'clock for Captain West's camp, and arrived there about 8 o'clock, distance seven miles. I remained there about an hour and then left the ten men there that I got there and came to Independence with the balance of my command, arriving here at 12.30 p. m. I saw no signs after leaving the

