
hills on the other side of Fire Prairie. I believe that they are collecting together in that vicinity either for the purpose of making a raid or to go south.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. TIBBITS,

Sergt. Co. D, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Major J. NELSON SMITH,

Commanding Station.

AUGUST 25-30, 1864.-Scout in Platte County, Mo.

Report of Captain Edward Morris, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., August 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of my actions and observations while commanding a scout through Platte County. The party, consisting of one commissioned officer beside myself and forty enlisted men of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, left Saint Joseph on the 25th instant at 7.30 a. m.; marched a zigzag direction (the general course being south of southeast) to a point on Plate City and Liberty stone road, ten miles from Liberty; thence marched south six miles to Barry and Hampton stone road; thence west to Platte City and Parkville stone road; marched down to Parkville, arriving at 11 p. m. on the 27th. On the 28th marched toward Hampton and Farley through the woods, scouting all out-of-the-way places and guerrilla harbors. Passed between Weston and Platte City, marching on unfrequented roads to New Market. From New Market passed Arnoldsville and Matney's Mill. Passed through The Hackle, over Platte River stone bridge, and arrived at Saint Joseph last evening at 5 p. m., having marched, principally by by-roads and paths, 130 miles, and touched the following-named places: Agency Ford, Arnoldsville, Matney's Mill, Union Mills, Ridgeley, Ringgold, Jordan's Ford, on Smith's Fork of Platte River, Medling's Old Mill, Smithville, Second Creek, Union Church, Todd's Creek, Hampton, Parkville, point opposite Atchison, Kans., Farley, Bee Creek bridge, New Market, Taos, Clauser's Old Mill, Sparta, Wright's Ford, The Hackle, Easton, and the Platte River bridge, near Saint Joseph. I threw out scouts each day four or five miles on either flank of the marching column, and had them to report to me twice every twenty-four hours. I was fired on near Jordan's Ford, also near Walkers', or Hampton. Followed the bushwhackers three times, and had one horse slightly wounded accidently. Destroyed some thirty or forty guns that were in the houses of rebels, and disarmed all parties not honestly loyal on our way. Scouts and advanced guards report running after and shooting three rebels. I heard of Cy. Gordon near Platte City, and believe the is still in the country. Chiles has been in the vicinity of Arnoldsville since the 25th, stealing horses. I my opinion nothing can be accomplished against guerrillas in small parties, unless their harborers and feeders be killed or driven out of the country and a similar system of warfare be practiced against themselves. I would respectfully suggest the idea of organizing fifty partisan rangers for such service in each county where guerrillas harbor and commit depredations. The loyal men of Platte and Buchanan Counties would gladly fill up such organizations, which could be handled independently and to more advantage than any regiment of volunteers now in service. Lieutenant Hutchinson, of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, did good service and was prompt in carry-

