
ing out my orders. The men of the squadron acted nobly, and I dare say created a good impression upon the minds of all loyal citizens. Captain Snyder, of Saint Joseph, and Lieutenant Noland, of Parkville, gave me all the assistance asked for, cheerfully sending their best men as guides to my command.

Hoping the maneuvers and marches executed may meet the approval of the general commanding.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. MORRIS,

Captain, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of North Missouri.

AUGUST 25-30, 1864.-Scout to Crisp's Mill, on Big Creek, Mo., with skirmish near Rose Hill.

Report of Captain Oscar B. Queen, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HDQRS. CO. M, SEVENTH CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Camp Grover, August 31, 1864.

SIR: In pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 82, dated headquarters Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Camp Grover, August 25, 1864, I proceeded with Lieutenant Samuel W. McGuire and fifty men to the vicinity of Big Creek, under the guidance of W. E. Chester, for the purpose of scouting the country thoroughly. I have the honor to report the result of that scout: Proceeding through Post Oak Timber and visiting every place likely to afford refuge for rebels without success I came on to Bear Creek, which I effectually scoured, seeing occasionally a single trail. Through this country there is a citizen guard patrolling, and frequently we would strike their trail, several times running on to small squads of them. I will mention here that serious consequences might have resulted from my not having had the challenge signal communicated to me, although I applied for it before leaving. Having given this country a thorough scouring, I proceeded to Panther Creek, where I met the scout from Holden, under Captain Foster, consisting of thirty men. Having joined our commands, we soon fell on the trail of a rebel force, said to number 140 men, under command of a Major or Captain Farmer or Palmer. Coming to where they had breakfasted we found from the people there that they were aiming to get south, leaving word with the old man for all bushwhackers he "might see to come out south and give up bushwhacking." A part of this command is represented as being unarmed and well provided with provisions and good horses. They had passed two days previous, consequently we considered it useless to follow. The command is from Independence. We proceeded to Camp Branch. I here gave Captain Foster a sufficient number of men to equalize our commands, and taking each a side of the creek, made a drive down it to Big Creek, we scouted it as we had done Camp Branch back to Big Creek, which we treated in like manner on as far as Crisp's Mill. Within six miles northwest Rose Hill, and in neighborhood of this mill, Foster ran into two small squads from seven to ten men each. He captured 1 very fine gray horse and full rig with U. S. mail sack under saddle, belonging to a notorious bush-whacker named John Reeves. He got two or three old citizen saddles also and left two or three worthless wounded horses belonging to the

