
rebels. He thinks he may have wounded one or two. Here too I ran on to two but effected nothing beyond expending about forty rounds of ammunition. They would not stop to return fire, and out of sight in a few seconds. The country extremely rough and covered with hazel and scrub-oak. We understood here that a Lieutenant Lowry and twelve men from rebel army in rebel uniform are in that country or on Blackwater. What their purpose is no one could or would tell. Lowry's wife lives near Mrs. Fulkerson, near Crisp's Mill. I think the order to "thoroughly scout" the Big Creek country has been fully carried out, and too much credit cannot be given to my guide for his industry and ingenuity on the route. He would frequently at night start out dressed in rebel uniform and play off on the sympathizers of that country, getting thereby much information. It was by this we obtained the information about Lieutenant Lowry. My opinion is that thirty-five will cover the number of bushwhackers scattered in the Big Creek country. The people there have been frightened by the scout to that degree (I mean the rebels) that they are under the impression that the whole country around them is filled with Federals. We went within four miles of Chapel Hill and six of Rose Hill, thoroughly scouting the Basin Knob country. The parties we cane on were taken totally by surprise, not dreaming of Federals being in the country. My men were without rations two days before coming in, having had their haversacks torn from them by the brush in the chase after the squads mentioned above. I left on August 26, and returned to camp August 30.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. QUEEN,

Captain Company M, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Colonel T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

AUGUST 25-30, 1864.-Operations on the Texas Prairie, in Jackson County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, In the Field, August 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that since my report of the 27th the troops under my command have scouted the country between the Missouri River and the Snibar and the Texas Prairie country, and report no guerrillas found in that section. There are some six in between the two Davis' Creeks and some eight between Lexington and Wellington. On the 25th Lieutenant Groomer, whom I had left with a foot-scout in the Pool Settlement, found one of the horses that was captured from Company F at Arrow Rock tied in the brush. He left a party to watch the horse. Late in the evening a man by the name of Rutherford came to the horse with water and feed, and was shot and killed and the horse wounded. Captain Wyckoff has also returned from the Tabo country and reports no guerrillas there. I learn there is a small party near Dover. Had no news from Saline County, but suppose all quiet there, or I would have been advised by Captain Moore. The command, except Company F, will concentrate on the 31st on the Waddle farm, five miles from Lexington, on the Lexington and Greenton road, for muster, for pay, and to receive rations, when the command

