
them fire minutes' notice to remove goods, then burned about four-fifths of the town. Crossed Bayou Macon again an hour after dark, marched to Joe's Bayou and stopped for the night, marching a distance of fifty miles on the 30th with but one feed for the stock. There were ten men killed in all, 1 captain, 8 soldiers, and one man by the name of Bonner, who was engaged in carrying the mail. On the morning of the 31st I moved into camp at Goodrich's Landing, La., after carrying out all orders as nearly as I possibly could.
Trusting this may meet with all that was expected of my raid, I remain, yours to command,

CHARLES H. CHAPIN,

Major Third U. S. Colored Cavalry.

Lieutenant KARBERG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 27-28, 1864.-Scout on the Arkansas River, near Pine Bluff, Ark., with skirmishes.

Report of Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., August 28, 1864.

The scout sent down the river went about thirty miles. They skirmished with the enemy for several miles and found that it would be unsafe to proceed farther. The officer in command, Captain Wightman, is confident that the enemy have no means of crossing the Arkansas, except by flats. I will send out another scout upon a different road. I will have them go out toward Brownsville, and then take down the prairie, with instructions to go to Arkansas Post, if possible. I am satisfied that the enemy have not crossed below us in any considerable number.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General STEELE.

AUGUST 27-SEPTEMBER 6, 1864.-Expeditions from Little Rock and Devall's Bluff to Searcy, Fairview, and Augusta, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding expedition to Searcy, &amp;c.

Numbers 2.-Colonel William H. Graves, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding expedition to Searcy, &c.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Little Rock, Ark., October 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that pursuant to verbal instructions from the department and district commanders, I left this point on the 27th of August with 600 cavalry, to re-enforce a command of

