
800 men under Lieutenant Colonel C. S. Clark, Ninth Kansas Cavalry, reported as engaged on the day previous with the enemy at Cypress Bayou, four miles north of Austin. Same day at noon found Colonel Clark encamped two miles this side of Austin. He had pursued Shelby's rear guard to Bull Bayou, engaging them there, killing 10 and losing 2 men. Colonel Clark reported to me that not hearing of any support coming to him and being out of rations he had fallen back to the point where I found him. marched to Austin, Colonel Clark's command uniting with mine. Was then joined by two sections of the Fifth Ohio Battery and the Fortieth Iowa Infantry, Colonel Garrett, escorting subsistence train. Issued rations that afternoon; left the train, infantry, and one section of the battery at Austin; marched with the remainder same evening to Bull Bayou. Enemy had left there the preceding day. August 28, received communication at 5 a. m. from the district commander that Colonel Geiger, with his cavalry, was en route from Devall's Bluff, and that I would be co-operated with by a force to be sent up White River. Marched to Searcy same day. August 29, remained at Searcy; was joined by Colonel Geiger at 3 p. m. with 800 cavalry. August 30, train with supplies, escorted by 100 infantry, reached Searcy this afternoon, and advice from district commander that 600 infantry had been sent on the 28th of August up White River to Grand Glaise. Issued rations same day. August 31, sent back train and escort; marched with command to Grand Glaise; a most fatiguing march, thirty-five miles, and roads very bad. Found no steamers; captured 6 prisoners, a rebel quartermaster, and appropriated his blacksmith-shop, tools, and shoes. Had sent a party to Augusta Landing to communicate with the boats and tell them where I was.

September 1, at 10 a. m. party sent to Augusta Landing returned and reported no boats; satisfied myself that the river was too low for boats to reach Grand Glaise, and from appearances, as four days had elapsed since they were reported to me by the district commander as having left Devall's Bluff, I concluded that the undertaking to co-operate with me by the river had been abandoned on account of the low stage of water. Moved same day the Fairview; captured two scouts and learned that all Shelby's force had crossed White River. The miserable condition of the cavalry and artillery horses satisfied me that the enemy could and had marched three miles to my two. Abandoned the idea of a successful pursuit, and concluded to return to Little Rock. September 2, marched by the old military road to Hilcher's Ferry, crossed the Little Red, and continued toward Austin. September 3, resumed march. At 7 a. m., within three miles of crossing of Bull Bayou, received a communication from the district commander, to the effect that the force sent up White River on the 28th ultimo had returned, but that another force of 1,200 men was to be sent to Grand Glaise. The low stage of the river and the exhausted condition of my animals convinced me that nothing could result from this movement continued to Austin. September 4, left detachment of Eighth Missouri, Tenth Illinois, and Ninth Iowa Cavalry at Austin, to remain there and observe any return of the enemy. Ordered remainder of the force to march to Little Rock. Moved in person to Brownsville, and received orders from the district commander to return with my whole force, as the rebels were threatening to cross the Arkansas. Notified him of the disposition of my force, which he approved. Returned same day to Little Rock.

Upon this expedition, as upon a previous one made earlier in the month, the miserable plight of animals that had at any time for months back only been partially foraged, and sometimes left entirely without

