
citizen living near. For a moment there was considerable confusion among my men. They very soon became cool and returned the fire briskly. In the meantime the other boats came up and began firing, and the gun-boat opened a brisk fire into the thickets which concealed the enemy, who soon withdrew in haste.

The steamer Dove, having on board a detachment of the Ninety-fifth Illinois, about 200 strong, and which had been sent up to join my command, came up at this point. Thinking there must be greater numbers of the enemy near by, who would probably attack us, I ordered the boats to land and the troops ashore, but nothing more was seen of the enemy that night. It was afterward ascertained that this force was a party of Dobbin's command, under a Captain Anderson, and that a much larger force was but a short distance back, which would no doubt have attacked us had the first attempt succeeded in throwing us into confusion, as was anticipated. The loss of the enemy could not be ascertained, but I have no doubt equaled or exceeded our own. My loss was that stated above: 1 man on steamer Celeste, mortally wounded and since dead, and 1 man wounded on steamer Nevada.

The expedition went no higher up the river that night. Owing to my wound the active command devolved upon Colonel L. M. Ward, Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, under whose command the troops landed next morning at a point one mile and a half across a bend of the river from Augusta, and advanced on that place. He found about 400 of the enemy in the town, and they fled on the approach of our troops' force. Dobbin, with his command, had departed to join Shelby, near Jacksonport, higher up the river. It was found impossible to get the boats farther up the river, owing to the low stage of water. A few miles below I was met by a boat bearing dispatches from General Andrews, ordering my immediately return. The messenger also here dispatches for General West, and about two miles above Peach Orchard Bluffs I handed him and furnished him a cavalry escort to attempt to find his way across the country to General West.

The expedition returned, arriving at Devall's Bluff without further circumstance in the afternoon of Tuesday, September 6 instant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. GRAVES,

Colonel Twelfth Michigan Infty., Commanding Brigadier and the Expedition.

Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Seventh Army Corps.

AUGUST 28, 1864.-Skirmish near Rocheport, Mo.

Numbers 1.-Report of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Report of Captain Joseph Parke, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Report of Lieutenant William Argo, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, MO., August 30, 1864.

Captain Parke, at Boonville, reports having crossed the river on the 26th with forty-four men after Holtzclaw; near Rocheport came

