
with heavy guns. The scout under Captain Gunter, First Cherokee Regiment, reported the enemy crossing boxes, barrels, &amp;c., over the Arkansas River, and troops mounted and drawn up on that side. Gunter concluded from what he saw that the enemy was evacuating. General Cooper says he is "not satisfied they are evacuating." I think not. The best way to aid in forcing it is to prevent boats running from Little Rock.

In the meantime if the river should ever fall I have given necessary instructions to cut lines of communication north. This movement of General Cooper was made to cover a new disposition of the line previously ordered. General C. reports the enemy badly alarmed by his movements. Cloud is reported back from Clarksville. If this be so the river is clear from Fort Smith to Little Rock. General Cooper says General Watie reports that Major Pickler was killed at Fayetteville a few days ago; no particulars. He says he hopes to give something more definite by to-morrow of movements about Fort Smith.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport.

UNOFFICIAL.

GENERAL; If you have any mercy on a friend away from newspapers and telegraphs send me some news whenever you get it. I am very uneasy about Hood. The enemy having got south of Chattahoochee Forrest is no longer necessary on Mobile and Ohio Railroad. His true move is to Stevenson, Ala., from which point he can destroy the tunnel twenty-three miles distant, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and the bridge at Bridgeport, besides numerous bridges on Crow Creek, and another between Stevenson and Bridgeport. The tunnel can be most effectually destroyed in twenty-four hours. I thoroughly examined it once with a view to its destruction when necessary. I have no fear of Lee, and am satisfied he can and ought to re-enforce Hood.

Yours, truly,

MAXEY.

General BOGGS.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY, No. 53. Fort Towson, C. N., July 29, 1864.

I. In announcing the brilliant victory won by the force composed of detachments from Gano's and Walker's brigades and Well's battalion on the 27th instant, while under the command of Brigadier General R. M. Gano, near Fort Smith, the major-general commanding returns his thanks to every officer and man engaged. In brilliancy and dash and completeness of success it has not been surpassed in this year of brilliant victories.

II. This order will be published to every regiment and battalion and at every post in this district.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

