
up with two of Holtzclaw's people; wounded 1 and captured both horses. Advanced a mile and was attacked in rear by a band numbering 100 men, commanded by Holtzclaw and Anderson. Captain Parke stated he fought for fifteen minutes and had 7 men killed, 2 wounded, and 3 missing. The men killed are said to have been massacred, four being scalped, one hung and scalped; three had their throats cut; their bodies were afterward recovered and buried at Boonville. From this report Captain Parke's forces were evidently surprised on the march and did not attempt to do any fighting. I recommend that Captain Parke be dismissed the service for this after.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding, Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Joseph Parke, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

BOONVILLE, August 30, 1864.

On the morning of the 28th I crossed the river with forty-four men in search of Holtzclaw and his men. When within four miles of Rocheport we came up with two of them, wounding 1 and capturing both horses. After advancing about a mile farther we were attacked in the rear by a band of guerrillas numbering about 100, commanded by Holtzclaw and Anderson. We gave them fight, and fought them for fifteen minutes. During the engagement I had 7 men killed dead on the field, 2 wounded, and 3 missing. Two of the latter, I understand, are making their way back to this place. We also have had 6 horses killed and about the same number wounded. We do not know for certain of more than 6 of them being killed and 2 wounded. My men who fell into their hands were most barbarously massacred, four being scalped, one hung and scalped; three had their throats cut. Major Leonard being near I went to him and got assistance and returned to the battle-field, where we had another small engagement; we drove them back. My men were then brought to this place and buried here to-day in a respectable manner.

JOSEPH PARKE,

Captain, Commanding.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Warrensburg.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant William Argo, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SEDALIA, August 30, 1864.

Captain Parke was attacked near Rocheport, Boone County, on Sunday last. Lost Lieutenant Dale, 6 men, and 3 missing. The band supposed to contain 200. The dead were brought to Boonville.

W. ARGO,

Lieutenant.

Major-General PLEASONTON.

