
AUGUST 28, 1864.- Skirmish in Polk County, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southern Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 30, 1864.

MAJOR: Mr. Worbridge and five boys arrived here last night from Batesville. Last Sunday week he states that Generals Adams, Shelby, and McCray, and Colonels Freeman, Dobbin, Campbell, Sewals, and one other, were there and on Round Bottom between there and Jacksonport, and that the arrangement was for the whole force, which he estimates at 3,500 armed men and four pieces of artillery, to meet at Powhatan and Smithville to-morrow with the idea of advancing into Missouri up Black River, and that they stated that Marmaduke was to cross the Arkansas River, west of Little Rock, and advance into this portion of the State with 5,000 men. These men came out to avoid the conscription. The enemy's horses are represented to be very poor, and his supplies of all kinds very short. I think the enemy are making movements mentioned, but whether with the view of crossing into this State or as feints to enable him to get safely across the Arkansas I cannot tell. Many of his conscripts have deserted. Some have come in and many are in the White River hills, which, I think, indicates the enemy is about to move south,and I have rumors from Arkansas that he has received such orders. Captain Pace, of the Tenth Missouri (rebel) Cavalry, formerly of Saint Joseph, was attacked on last Sunday, in Polk County, while proceeding north with seven men, by Captain Headlee and fifteen men of the Sixth Provisional Regiment, and Captain Pace and 1 man were killed 1, wounded in arm and hands, and 1 taken prisoner. All in regular Confederate uniforms. Said they were going north to take part in the election this fall.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 29, 1864.- Attack on Steamer White Cloud, on the Mississippi River, near Port Hudson, La.

Report of Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Port Hudson, la.

PORT HUDSON, LA., August 29, 1864.

GENERAL: The steamer White Cloud was fired upon this a. m. by a battery and some riflemen on this side the river near an island below Bayou Sara. Her steampipe is reported cut by a shot which disabled her. She received five shots out of thirteen fired. No one hurt on board. The Choteau was fired upon higher up the river by a battery of eight pieces, two of which were 12-pounders; also by some riflemen. She received five shots; no one hurt; don't think either boat greatly damaged. The gun-boats 14 and 54 hastened to the scene of action.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Morganza.

