
lowed up by General Pike's militia. On the 5th price's command took Hermann, burned the Gasconade bridge, and was crossing that stream at the old State Road Ford. General Smith followed him. General Mower reported his arrival at Girardeau out of supplies, his teams worn down, part of his cavalry dismounted, and many horses unshod. Transports, and supply-boats were at once dispatched, and ont he 8th and 9th his command reached Saint Louis, from whence the infantry was pushed forward by water as rapidly as the low stage of the river would permit to join General Smith. The cavalry under Winslow reshod and started by land from Saint Louis on the 10th toward Jefferson City, which point it reached on the 16th instant, one day in advance of the infantry. On the 6th the enemy began crossing the Osage at Castle Rock and one or two other fords, under cover of his artillery, opposed by Colonel Philips with the available cavalry at Jefferson City. While thus engaged General McNeil and Sanborn reached Jefferson City by a forced march with all the mounted force from Rolla, and uniting with Fisk and Brown gave us a garrison there of 4,100 cavalry and 2,600 infantry, mostly the new and partially organized twelve-months' men, with a few citizens and militia. As this force, though capable of giving a strong battle behind intrenchments, was not very formidable to act offensively against a veteran force like that of the enemy, it was decided by General Fisk, the other three generals concurring, to oppose a moderate resistance to the enemy's advance across the Moreau, a small stream with muddy banks and bad bottom, four or five miles east of the city, and them to retire and receive his attack at the defensive line, which with industry and good judgment had been prepared by the entire laboring force, civil and military, at Jefferson City. The enemy burned the Osage bridge and crossed the river on the 6th. On the 7th he advance on the city, crossed the Moreau after sharp fighting, and developed a line of battle three or four miles long, east, south, and west of the place. But after reconnoitering its apparently formidable intrenchments, warned by his Pilot Knob experience in storming earth-works, he declined attacking, and passing his train in rear moved around, massing on the west, and finally retiring.

On the 8th General Pleasonton, on his arrival at Jefferson, under orders to assume command, dispatches General Sanborn with all the available cavalry, 4,100 men, to follow and harass the enemy until General Smith's command could come up. General Smith was informed of the rebel failure at Jefferson and directed to move by the most expeditious route to that place, where Mower's infantry were to join and the cavalry overtake him. He was to send all his cavalry, under Colonel Catherwood, in advance to report to Pleasonton, who, on its arrival, was to join Sanborn's and assume direction of the Provisional Cavalry Division thus formed. General Pike, with his militia, was charged with the control of the country and the defenses of our line of communication from Saint Louis to Jefferson City. Sanborn followed the rebels, attacked their rear guard at Versailles, where it was uncertain what course they would take, found they were going north toward Boonville, followed and drove them into line of battle near that place, and when he found himself nearly enveloped by their entire army, feel back out in their reach to meet Catherwood's command and his provisions, which both arrived at California on the 14th. The enemy taking advantage of this crossed the La Mine At Scott's and Dug Fords and moved north toward Arrow Rock. Sanborn immediately followed this movement by Georgetown bridge, keeping between the Pacific Railroad and the line of the enemy's march, and holding the line of the Black-

