
water, a western tributary of the La Mine, while Price, crossing a part of Shelby's command at Arrow Rock on the boonville ferry-boat to the North side of the river, advanced on Glasgow, which he captured after a seven-hours' fight with a part of Colonel Harding's regiment, Forty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry, and small detachments of the Ninth Missouri State Militia and Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry. On the 17th our cavalry, following his westward movement, keeping south of without pressing him, until Generals Smith's and Mower's troops could be brought up, kept the line of the Blackwater, and on the 17th reported themselves out of supplies and the enemy between Marshall and waverly. On the 17th Mower's infantry, except two small regiments, arrived at Jefferson City and went at once by rail to La Mine bridge to join General Smith, who, passing Jefferson by land on the 14th, had followed the cavalry movement to that point, taking charge of the supplies which, in consequence of the destruction of the bridge by the rebels, could go by rail no farther. Winslow's cavalry marching, reached Jefferson, the advance twenty miles beyond at California, ont he 16th, and was ordered to join General Pleasonton without delay. On the 18th General Smith was ordered to move to Dunksburg near the cavalry headquarters, taking five days' rations and leaving minimum garrisons to guard and handle stores at Sedalia and La Mine bridge. The 19th found this movement accomplished, the cavalry with its center near Cook's Store, its right behind the Blackwater toward Marshall, and its left near Kirkpatrick's Mills toward Warrensburg. The enemy apparently hesitated in the vicinity of Marshall as if uncertain whether to go west or double on his tracks between Sedalia and Jefferson, but our cavalry advanced, receding a few miles to meet supplies and concentrate on the 17th and 18th, seemed to decide his movements toward Lexington, where General Curtis telegraphed me on the 19th the head of his column had arrived, General Blunt, after a sharp skirmish, retiring toward Independence and destroying the bridges in his rear. I informed General Curtis of our position; that our troops reported Price near waverly; advised that Blunt check his advance at Wellington, and as soon as were sure his main force was moving on Lexington we would endeavor by forced march to strike him in the flank. To ascertain Price's real intentions General Pleasonton was directed to make a strong reconnaissance toward Waverly. The results of this reached me on the morning of the 20th, and Pleasonton was directed at once to push the center of his cavalry to Lexington, and General Smith, with his infantry, to support the movement. At 7 p. m. Pleasonton reported the enemy had left Lexington, going west, and McNeil and Sanborn entering the town. October 21 our cavalry advanced followed the enemy to Fire Creek Prairie, Brown's and Winslow's brigades reaching Lexington at 2 p. m. and the infantry at 9 p. m. of the same day. General Curtis also reported a fight with the enemy's entire force at the Little Blue from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m., and that to prevent being flanked he should retire to the Big Blue, where his militia and artillery were in strong position. Supposing the enemy could not cross the Big Blue in the face of Curtis, I dispatched General Pleasonton my belief that he would move south, and that while McNeill's brigade should harass his rear, he, with the other three brigades, should move toward Lone Jack, near which would be General Smith's infantry, now marching from Lexington to Chapel Hill. At 10 p. m. a dispatch from pleasonton informed me of the receipt of these conditional orders, and that the enemy in full force was moving far to the west, followed by his cavalry. October 22 Pleasonton's cavalry reached the Little Blue at

