
in the pursuit of the routed enemy, overtook them at a small stream a few miles beyond the battle-ground, charged them in the timber, drove them across it into the open prairie, where they formed in order of battle three lines deep. But such was the enthusiasm of the men of this brigade when they reached the edge of the wood and saw this triple line they charged it without orders, knocked it is pieces, and chased the fugitives until night closed the pursuit, and the enemy fled under cover of the darkness toward the Arkansas border. Besides the wagons captured during this day at the Marais des Cygnes, on the way to and at the little osage, the enemy had destroyed many, including ammunition-wagons, and for twenty-five or thirty miles beyond the Osage battle-field their route was strewn with debris of burning wagons and other property.

Pleasonton's cavalry had now been in motion almost day and night for six days, during which it had marched at least 204 miles and fought four battles. It was pretty well exhausted and broken down and went into Fort Scott that night for food and a little rest. He reported me the results of his day's work, that the enemy was going at his utmost and his own troops were so broken down it would be impossible without fresh horses to strike the enemy another great blow this side of the Arkansas, and recommended that Generals Sanborn and McNeil follow, to support Curtis' troops in pursuit so long as there was any prospect of damaging the enemy, and then return to Springfield and Rolla. On the receipt of the news if the enemy's rout General Smith, whose command was directed to move to Harrisonville and thence get supplies from warrensburg, where 100 wagons were waiting with provisions for our commanding, sending 30,000 rations to the cavalry. Further reports of the enemy's condition satisfied me there would be no use of breaking down any more of our horses since General Curtis, whose cavalry horses were fresher than ours, supported by Sanborn and McNeil on their way down the State line, would be more than ample to deal with any resistance Price's command would offer this side of the Arkansas. Orders were accordingly given and General Pleasonton returned with Phillips brigade, the cannon, and part of the prisoners to Warrensburg. The Kansas troops and Benteen's brigade pursued the enemy's flying columns, a part of whom made their last stand at Newtonia, Mo., where General Blunt overtook and attacked them on the 28th, but was being worsted when sanborn, having marched 102 miles in thirty-six hours, arrived in time to save the day. The enemy fled and made no further stand this side of the Arkansas. In a country destitute of food for man and beast, five times defeated, pursued 400 or 500 miles, with the loss of nearly all their artillery, ammunition, and baggage train, demoralization and destitution, and want of supplies would drive the rebels across the Arkansas for supplies at the risk of falling into the hands of Thayer's forces or Steele's cavalry, and if allowed would almost disintegrate and disbanded them on the way thither. General Curtis thought pushing them was best, and accordingly followed, although he did not again overtake them. At his urgent instance, against my own judgment as well as that of Generals Sanborn and McNeil, I pushed their two bridges down to the Arkansas border, whence Sanborn sent an advance to Fort Smith, reaching there on the morning of the 8th [November], to notify General Thayer of the enemy's desperate condition and the direction he had taken from cane Hill toward the Indian Nation, between Fort Smith and Fort Gibson. Meanwhile at Sherman's request, followed by orders from the General-in-Chief, I directed Major General A. J. Smith to

