
move his command by the most expeditious route to the Mississippi, in the vicinity of Saint Louis, there to embark and proceed to Nashville and report to Major General George H. Thomas. On the 3rd of November I returned to Saint Louis to be there during the election, and on the receipt of the news of the enemy having crossed the Arkansas directed the cavalry to repair to their respective districts and Winslow's cavalry to move by the best route and join General Thomas at Nashville.

In entering into details I have aimed to give the general commanding a sort of military photograph of our daily condition and movements as well for his critical judgment as for history, omitting events of whatever magnitude not having a bearing on our movements and most of the minor ones which did enter into their determination. I trust that the precautions taken in advance of price's movements, the preparations before we knew where he was coming, the measures taken to secure our most important points and occupy him until we could concentrate the forces to strike him with a certainly of success outweighing any damage he could meanwhile do us, the energy and activity in concentration, vigor in pursuit, and fiery gallantry of our troops in battle, will receive the approbation of the general commanding the military division.

It will appear from these details and accompanying reports that our dismounted cavalry, infantry, and militia nobly performed their duty, watching, marching, and fighting whenever opportunity offered, that by their aid in holding our depots and supporting our mounted force we have saved all our important posts and most of the country from pillage, except a belt of some twenty miles wide along the route of the invasion, and with less than 7,000 effective cavalry have pursued, overtaken, beaten in several engagements, and finally routed an invading cavalry, variously estimated at from 15,000 to 26,000 men, re-enforced by 6,000 armed recruits from Missouri, taken from them 10 pieces of artillery, 2 stand of colors, 1,958 prisoners of war, a large number of horses, mules, wagons, and small arms, compelled them to destroy most of their remaining wagons, train, and plunder, blasted all the political schemes of the rebels and traitors who concerted with Price to revolutionize Missouri, destroy Kansas, and turn the State and presidential election, against the Union case, and by our triumph in the late elections have given to gallant and suffering Missouri the fairest prospect she has ever yet seen of future freedom, peace, and prosperity, all the fruits of a campaign of forty-eight days, in which most of our victorious troops had never before seen a great cavalry battle. Rarely during this or any other war has cavalry displayed more persevering energy in pursuit, more impetuous courage and gallantry in attacking, regardless of superior numbers, or had its efforts crowned with greater fruits of success. While paying a just tribute of thanks to all the officers and soldiers of the cavalry, artillery, infantry, militia, and citizens guards who served during the raid, for their prompt and cheerful obedience to all orders, whether to labor, march, or fight, I must refer to the accompanying reports of their commanders for special mention of individual gallantry. Major-General Pleasonton deserves the thanks of the country for the able manner in which he handled and fought the cavalry, and for the brilliant and fruitful victories he won over triple his won force. I hope he may receive promotion in the regular army. Major General A. J. Smith deserves thanks for promptitude, energy, and perseverance in all his movements, and for the good judgment displayed in his campaign. Nor must I omit a tribute of admiration to those brave and true soldiers who, under

