
Mower, followed price from Arkansas, marching 300 miles in eighteen days, and after going by boat from Cape Girardeau to Jefferson City, again resumed the march after him, making another march of 462 miles before they embarked for Nashville to take part in the not doubtful contest before that city for the mastery of Middle Tennessee. The district commanders all deserve my thanks for prompt and cordial co-operation in the measures precautionary and preparatory for the raid. General Ewing deserves special mention for military judgment, courage, and gallantry, in holding Pilot Knob till he had certainly of the enemy's force, as well as for the manner in which he withdrew his troops to Rolla. General McNeil for promptitude and energy in putting Rolla in a state of defense, and for moving with all force Jefferson City in time to succor it. General Fisk for the prompt and cheerful discharge of very trying administrative duties, and for the energy and good sense in preparing the defenses of Jefferson City, as in the subsequent repair of La Mine bridge. General Brown displayed energy and good sense in preparing the city for a good defense, and General Sanborn for vigilance, energy and soldierly judgment while commanding the cavalry advance between Jefferson City and Dunksburg, as well as throughout the campaign. Colonel J. V Du Bois, aide-de-camp, chief of staff; Captain Henry, assistant quartermaster of General Steele's staff, volunteer staff quartermaster in the field; Captain G. Scull, chief commissary; Surg. P. V. Schenck, medical director in the field; Captain Hoeckle, acting aide-de-camp, engineer; Major Fischer, Fifth Missouri State Militia, on engineer duty; Captain Major J. F. Bennett, assistant adjutant-general, and my personal aides, Major F. S. Bond, aide-de-camp, and Captain R. S. Thoms, aide-de-camp, Captain Hills, Tenth Kansas, acting provost-marshal, accompanied me during the campaign, and were zealous and indefatigable in the discharge of their respective duties. Major Mcdermott, First Iowa Cavalry, who, with his battalion of First Iowa Cavalry, did such good service in North Missouri and behaved very gallantly in the pursuit of the rebels from Jefferson City to Boonville, commanded the escort from Sedalia, and deserves honorable mention. Brigadier General J. B. Gray, adjutant-general of Missouri, and Brigadier-General Pike, of the Enrolled, are entitled to public thanks for their valuable and indefatigable services in connection with the Enrolled Militia. Colonel T. J. Haines, commissary of subsistence, to whom all the armies West, as well as the country, owe a debt of gratitude for invaluable services not likely to be overpaid, displayed his usual promptitude and foresight in providing for the wants of our troops and depots. Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster, in supplying animals, fitting up trains, and providing for the wants of our troops, exhibited his characteristic care and skill.

I must also mention the voluntary services of those tried veterans, Colonel Wangelin, late of the Twelfth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, and Colonel Laiboldt, who did all in their power to aid in the defense of Saint Louis. Senator B. Gratz Brown and mayor Thomas, seconded by the efforts of many patriotic citizens of all classes, did much to prepare for the defense of the city, and deserve my thanks. I should be glad to call the general's attention to many militia officers, such as General Craig, whose able management in the northwest, in the absence of General Fisk, Colonel Gale, who so promptly organized his militia regiment (Fifty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia) at Franklin, and many others scattered over the State, who rendered great service to the country. But as the chief motive of these officers and the men of their commands was their country's good the consciousness of duty manfully performed must be their chief reward, until the day comes when our chil-

