
dren, pointing to them as to others who have borne arms in this great national struggle, shall say, "There go some of the men who helped to save our nations."

The accompanying reports show our total losses in this campaign were 164 killed, of whom 116 were murdered at Centralia, 336 wounded, 171 prisoners, of whom many, of not all, are illegally paroled, 681 hors de combat, besides which there were several small squads of prisoners illegally captured and paroled in Southeast Missouri, and the troops at Glasgow whose surrender was, I think, justifiable and possibly lawful.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

A. A. G., Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 216. Saint Louis, Mo., December 2, 1864.

I. The conduct of the militia under Actg. Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Cox and Major Grimes in pursuing Bill Anderson's band of bushwhackers, killing Anderson and dispersing his band, and reported by Brigadier General James Craig, Enrolled Missouri Militia, displays so much spirit, energy, and bravery on the part of citizens, giving their services and risking their lives for the public without fee or reward, as to call for the special thanks of the major-general commanding the department.

II. In consideration of their gratuitous services, and as a reward for their gallantry, it is therefore ordered that the property taken by these citizens from the robbers be distributed under the direction of Brigadier-General Craig, as follows:

The horse ridden by Hill Anderson and the watches and arms taken will be given to the several officers of the command, to be retained as honorable trophies. The money captured will be given in just proportions to the wounded of the command and to the families of such as were killed in the affair.

III. Brigadier-General Craig will furnish these headquarters with a certified list of all property disposed of under this order, reporting the manner of its distribution and the names and rank of the officers and soldiers who have received it.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

M. 220. Saint Louis, Mo., December 8, 1864.

I. The reports of the commanders of troops in the late campaign against Price, delayed till now by the necessities of the case, furnish a record so brilliant of arduous service and gallant fighting, that the commanding general deems it a duty to express to the officers and men of his command his admiration of their behavior, and no congratulate them and their fellow-citizens on the result.

II. Vague rumors and threats of an invasion of Missouri by Price had been in circulation for months among rebels, bushwhackers, and "O. A. K.'s."

About the 21st of September these rumors ripened into certainty by the information that price, crossing the Arkansas with two divisions

