
The loss on our side was small, viz:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Gurley's regiment,commanded by	 4 	 9	 1

Captain Downs

Detachment 29th Texas Cavalry,	 ---	 1	 ---

commanded by Major Carroll.

Detachment 31st Texas Cavalry,	 ---	 1	 ---

commanded by Major Looscan.

Detachment 5th Texas Partisan	 ---	 5	 ---

Rangers, commanded by Captain

Haynes.

Captain Welch's company	 --- 	 1	 ---

Captain Head's company	 ---	 ---	 ---

Detachments 1st and 2nd Choctaw	 1	 5	 ---

Regiments,commanded by Colonel

Folsom.

Detachment Well's battalion Texas	 1	 4	 ---

cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-

Colonel Wells.

Detachment Colbert's company,	 1	 ---	 ---

Chickasaw battalion

Total 	 7	 26	 1

This was a brilliant and dashing affair not unworthy of General Gano's reputation as one of Morgan's best officers. Considering the proximity of the enemy in large force, the officers and men engaged merit the thanks and applause of the country which has been accorded to them. All are reported to me as having behaved well.

John B. Turner, acting aide-de-camp on my staff, accompanied the expedition and behaved with his usual gallantry. Colonel S. N. Folsom, commanding Choctaw Brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Wells, commanding battalion Texas cavalry, to whom Major Mefford and a large number of Federal prisoners surrendered, were conspicuous on this occasion for their bravery. For further particulars of this affair see General Gano's report, marked B.*

I desire in closing this part of my report to pay a passing tribute to the memory of the Rev. Tiok-homma (or Red Pine, a Choctaw, known among the whites as William Cass),who fell mortally wounded while leading the advance. This brave warrior and Christian had on every occasion displayed the highest order of courage. He served as chaplain in my old regiment, and continued in the same position through every trial, and was also distinguished as a warrior in every battle in which his regiment was engaged until he received his death wound.

On the 28th Brigadier-General Watie was directed to send 200 picked men, under dashing officers, across the Arkansas River for the purpose of breaking up and burning a camp of Federals engaged in cutting pay and pasturing stock on Blackburn's Prairie. It was determined, also, to make demonstration on Fort Smith, thereby creating a diversion in favor of Watie's scouts; ascertain at the same time, if possible, the strength of the enemy, and to cover the removal of Southern families from Sebastian County along the line.

On the 29th Lieutenant-Colonel McCurtain was directed to hold his battalion in readiness at Double Springs to march with General Gano and co-operate with his brigade on the day following. Brigadier-General Watie, with the effective men of his brigade present, was ordered to move up to Scullyville Prairie, and the Choctaw Brigade, under Colonel S. N. Folsom, Well's battalion, and a section of Howell's battery to the same place. General Watie having reported the river too full to cross, the detachments under Colonel Bell and Colonel Adair were ordered to join General Watie at Scullyville. Major Burnet, with his battalion of sharpshooters, the most of the artillery, and the train were ordered

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

