
artillery, and their horses in the most wretched condition. All this has been accomplished by less than 7,000 cavalry, most of whom never before saw a great battle, and your entire loss in killed, wounded, and missing is only 346 officers and men. The records of this war furnish no more brilliant and decisive results.

VIII. To Major-General Pleasonton and the officers and soldier of the Provisional Cavalry Division, by whom this work was wrought, the general commanding tenders his thanks for their gallantry and efficiency in the campaign, and congratulates them on having acquired the true spirit of cavalry service.

He also return his thanks to the district commanders, to the officers and soldiers of our infantry and artillery, and the Enrolled Militia, and to Major General A. J. Smith and his command for the zeal and energy with which they performed all the duties devolving upon them in the campaign which brought to naught Price's formidable raid and defeated the schemes of the rebels and traitors in Missouri and elsewhere against the State and the Nation.

IX. A department order will announce the regiments entitled, and the names of the engagements they are to inscribe on their banners.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Itinerary of detachment of First and Third Divisions, Sixteenth Army Corps, Major General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding.*

FIRST DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Colonel JOSEPH J. WOODS, TWELFTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS.

During the past month this division has been actively engaged as a portion of the army pursuing the rebel General Price through Missouri. Marching has been almost continuous and very hard, making as high as thirty-three miles per day.

SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Colonel LUCIUS F. HUBBARD, FIFTH MINNESOTA INFANTRY.

October 1.- The command left its bivouac on Black River, near Poplar Bluff, Mo., marching via Greenville, Jackson, and Dallas.

October 5.- Arrived at Cape Girardeau.

October 8.- Embarked on transports and moved to Jefferson City, Mo.

October 15.- Arrived at Jefferson City and moved the same day by railroad to La Mine Bridge.

October 19.- Left the La Mine, marching via Sedalia to lexington; thence via Independence and Little Santa Fe to Harrisonville, reaching that point on the 26th.

October 30 and 31.- Marched toward Warrensburg, bivouacking on the night of the 31st near the Pacific Railroad, two miles west of Holden Station.

Distance marched, 283 miles; distance traveled by transports and railroad, 360 miles; total, 643 miles.

---------------

* From October returns.

---------------

