
October 8.- Passed through Union City.

October 10.- Crossed Gasconade River.

October 11.- Passed through Linn.

October 12.- Reached Jefferson City; same night proceeded by rail to California; encamped there three days.

October 16.- Proceeded through Tipton and Syracuse to Otterville.

October 18.- Marched through Farmer and Smith City to Sedalia.

October 19.- Marched through Georgetown.

October 21.- Reached Lexington.

October 23.- Made a forced march of forty-five miles, passing through Independence about midnight.

October 25.- Crossed the Kansas line at Little Santa Fe.

October 26.- Reached Harrisonville.

October 30.- Started on return march.

October 31.- Reached Pleasant Hill. Command divided into two columns, one regiment moving toward Independence and the rest of the brigade toward Cogswell's Landing, Missouri River.

Entire distance marched during the month, 400 miles.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Phineas Pease, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH Regiment ILLINOIS INFTY. VET. VOLS.,Franklin, Mo., October 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action at Franklin, Mo., October 1, 1864:

Left the train of cars about two miles east of town, and forming in rear of Fifty-second Indiana Infantry Veteran Volunteers, advanced steadily and for the purpose of supporting said regiment should they become heavily engaged. Company A, Captain Cogan commanding, was deployed on right of an joining skirmish line of Fifty-second Indiana; Company B, Lieutenant Stanley commanding, was deployed in same manner on the left. The regiment moved in the above order until near the town, when it was advanced and joined on the right of the Fifty-second Indiana, and in that order entered the town and halted on the right of the railroad west of and near the depot, where it went into camp for the night.

The following is a list of casualties in Forty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers: David W. Thurman, private, Company I, wounded slightly in left elbow.

Respectfully submitted.

P. PEASE,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry Veteran Vols.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

