
Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew W. Rogers, Eighty-first Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Warrensburg, Mo., October 30, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions just received I have the honor to make the following report of my movements while on the recent reconnaissance by instructions from Colonel Moore, commanding post: Major S. A. Garth, battalion Ninth Missouri Cavalry, two companies, reported to me for duty at 5 a. m. the 29th. I marched from town, taking the Columbus road, distant twelve miles. Arriving there, I secreted my command in the woods, sending out scouting parties on various roads, to the distance of four and five miles, but finding no indications of an enemy, I then moved my command seven miles up the Lexington road, watching all the roads closely until at this point, being the road crossing at the uppermost bridge that an enemy would cross at going southward. Then turning an east and southeastward direction we traveled along and crossed all roads that an enemy would travel on if going in the direction anticipated. Taking the Lexington and Warrensburg road at Hazle Hill, at dark, ten miles northeast of Warrensburg, camped for the night. At 8 a. m. the morning of the 30th we again took up the line of march, arriving at this place at about 10 a. m. to-day, having had a right fatiguing march of seventy-five miles without seeing or hearing anything of an enemy. There are no indications of an enemy in that section of country save a few bushwhacking and irresponsible bands of men that disband on the approach of an armed force.

A. W. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighty-first Illinois Volunteers.

Captain J. H. WETMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Merriam, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 117TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Franklin, Mo., October 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of October 1 at this place:

At 10 a. m. I received an order from the colonel commanding to take my command off the cars and move forward in the rear of the Forty-ninth Illinois. After coming within range of the enemy's artillery i deployed the regiment into line of battle and moved forward as before. From the nature of the ground my command was obliged to move in the rear of the other troops and did not become directly engaged. The casualties in the regiment during the day were Andrew J. Nash, private, Company B, contusion in breast by musket-ball, and Samuel I. Grant, private, Company, D. slightly wounded in head by musket-ball.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MERRIAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

