
Numbers 6. Report of Captain Eli Mattocks, Fifty-second Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Franklin, Mo., October 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the skirmish near Franklin, Mo., on the 1st instant:

I disembarked my regiment about one mile and a half from the village, formed on the Franklin road, deploying Company A, under command of Captain Bodkin, as skirmishers, who had scarcely deployed before skirmishing commenced. My regiment was now formed at right angled with an across the road. Company B was ordered forward to support the skirmish line, which was steadily driving the enemy's skirmishers. When near the railroad Companies F and D were sent forward to strengthen the skirmish line, the regiment crossing and moving up along the railroad by the right flank until after passing the water-tank, when I deployed my regiment in line again, advancing steadily, the skirmishers driving the rebel line under a brisk fire. When near the town the enemy's line of battle could be seen drawn up in town. They opened with three pieces of artillery, firing but a few shots and with no effect. The men had been ordered to lie down. The skirmish line had been halted and was now ordered forward and continued steadily driving the enemy through and some distance out of town, when a halt was ordered. The regiment remained in line where first halted late in the evening, when it was ordered back a short distance and went into camp.

The following is a list of casualties, viz: Private Thomas Harrall, Company A, Gunshot wound in right thigh, severe; Private B. S. Blue, Company F, gunshot wound in right shoulder, severe; Private Harrison Crawford, Company G, gunshot wound in head, severe; Private samuel Shepherd, Company G, wounded by piece of shell, slight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI MATTOCKS,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain William J. Campbell, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS, FOURTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Rolla, Mo., October 3, 1864.

On the 25th [September] I moved with my command by rail on the Iron Mountain road. By order I detached and left at various stations, from Jefferson Barracks to mineral Point, Mo., five companies of my command, namely, Companies A, G, H, I, and K. Encamped at Mineral Point on the night of the 25th. Proceeded from thence on the morning of the 26th, with Companies B, C, D, and E, to Pilot Knob, Mo., whence we marched to Ironton, distant one miles, where we encamped during the night of the 26th of September.

On the morning of the 27th, at early daylight, the enemy appeared in force, when they were engaged by two pieces of the Second Missouri

