
Battery. The enemy being too strong in numbers we were compelled to fall back, which was done in good order to the southeast point of Shepherd's Mountain, where our forces again formed line of battle under command of Major Wilson. Here I was joined by a detachment of eighteen men of Company H, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry. I was ordered, with my command, to occupy the summit of Shepherd's Mountain, which I did. At this point I had a brisk skirmish with the enemy, who attempted to flank my position, and I fell back to the rifle-pits of Fort Davidson, where I remained till I was ordered, at 1 p. m., to occupy the face of Shepherd's Mountain south of the fort. I held the position till the enemy attacked me in heavy force, and I was compelled to fall back within the fort, when a general engagement commenced.

On the morning of the 28th, at 2 a. m., by order of Brigadier-General Ewing, I moved my command in advance, and took up line of march on the Caledonia road, arriving at Webster, distant thirty miles, where we encamped. On the 29th of September, at 1 a. m., took up line of march, covering the retreat with my command to Leasburg, distant thirty-six miles. About 10 a. m. the enemy attacked our rear guard of cavalry, and drove them in. I immediately formed line of battle, and checked the advance of the enemy. The column moved forward, and I covered the retreat, with continual skirmishing the entire way. Arriving at Leasburg at sunset my command was formed in line of battle on night. On the 30th of September commenced building temporary fortifications, which were occupied till the morning of October 2, at 2 o'clock, when we took up our line of march for Rolla, Mo., distant thirty-one miles,where we arrived at 6 p. m., and are encamped at these present miles.

The offices and men of my command behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery during the several engagements in which we took part. First Lieutenant Hugo Hoffbauer, acting adjutant, has my warmest thanks for the manner in which he conducted himself, and the valuable service rendered by his untiring energy during the several engagements, and while on the march.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. CAMPBELL,

Captain Company K, Commanding Fourteenth Iowa Infty. Vols.

Lieutenant G. D. O. KELLMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain John B. Gandolfo, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 178TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Franklin, Mo., October 3, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received, I have the honor to report the following part taken by my command in the action of the 1st instant near this place:

Upon the arrival of the command near this town I was assigned to the duty of guarding the trains. My command was distributed among the trains for the better protection thereof, and one company (G) sent

