
as pickets upon a road to the north, to prevent any surprise from that quarter. Later in the day I received orders to follow the rest of the brigade to the town, where my command was encamped. I have to report no casualties.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. GANDOLFO,

Captain, Commanding 178th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 9. Reports of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry, Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CAV. CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENN.,October 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of detachments of about 2,000 men of my command:

Under instructions from Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding District of West Tennessee, I crossed the Mississippi River at Memphis, Tenn., with about 1,900 officers and men of my division, the detachments from First Brigade in charge of Colonel Joseph Karge, and those from the Second under command of Lieutenant Colonel George Duffield, Third Iowa Cavalry. Marched at noon of the 2nd of September, moving on the military road to Clarendon, 100 miles, arriving at 11 a. m. 6th instant, having bridged four bayous and ferried one - Black Fish -where seven men of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, one negro, and four horses were drowned by the sinking of the boat. The Saint Francis and L'Anguille Rivers were forded without trouble. It would be quite impracticable to move a column by this route during the wet season. On the 7th instant [ultimo] I was directed by Major-General Steele, commanding Department of Arkansas, to move to Brownsville, and being ferried over the White River, marched to that point, thirty-nine miles, arriving on the 9th [ultimo] at noon. I had send about 100 men and animals from Clarendon by the river to Memphis, and on my departure therefrom left 150 men sick and dismounted, with about 100 horses, at Brownsville. During our stay at this point many of my men became ill, the weather being very warm and the water very bad. The animals were insufficient supplied with forage. Notwithstanding every possible effort was made I could not get my animals shod, and because of this many were abandoned during the march to Cape Girardeau. Colonel Karge was left at Brownsville sick, and the command of his brigade devolved on Major Simonson, Seventh indiana Cavalry. The Second New Jersey Cavalry, about 250 men, which I had directed to report to Major-General Mower at Memphis, was here returned to the command. On the 18th instant [ultimo], under orders from Major-General Mower, commanding expedition, I moved from Brownsville and arrived at Cape Girardeau, Mo., on the 5th of October at noon. Distance 316 miles direct march.

October 7, the command embarked on steamers for Saint Louis, arriving on the 8th, 9th, and 10th, and going at once to Benton Barracks. Here I caused to be turned in all unserviceable animals,

