
and the command was supplied with 500 fresh horses, five ambulances, and five six-mules teams and wagons. (Our transportation to this time had included no wagons). The men were also supplied with clothing, which was much needed. At 5 p. m. 10th instant the First Brigade moved toward the Missouri River, arriving at noon next day, thirty-five miles, and embarked on steamers for Jefferson City, while i marched with the Second Brigade at 6 a. m. on the 11th instant, reaching Independence, via Washington, Russellville, California, Tipton, Sedalia, and Lexington, on the evening of the 22nd instant, distance about 305 miles direct. A portion only of the First Brigade joined me on the march, the second new Jersey and Nineteenth Pennsylvania Regiments having fallen to the rear by orders from Major-General Pleasonton. At Independence we first came up with an enemy, and my command was directed to support that of Brigadier-General Brown (Missouri State Militia) in pushing the enemy over Big Blue River. General Brown,saying his men were out of ammunition, directed me to taken the advance at dark, which I did, and with the Third Iowa (dismounted) pushed the enemy from Independence to within two miles of the river, where I was ordered to halt, at 10.30 p. m. On the morning of the 23d, General Brown's brigade being ordered to the front and himself to the rear, I was requested by the major-general commanding to take charge of the front and conduct the fighting. Immediately assuming direction, I formed on the edge of the stream one regiment of Missouri State Militia, together with the Fourth Missouri, Captain Knispel, and one battalion of the Fourth Iowa, Captain Dee, which I had previously placed there, and ordered a charge upon the enemy on the other bank. The enemy were at once driven back upon his main line, half a mile farther back. Almost three companies, being partially surrounded, would have been captured from the enemy but for awkwardness or neglected on the part of some militia officers. Dismounting two other regiments of Missouri State Militia, and directing Captains Knispel and dee to hold their commands in reserve, and at the same time ordering forward my whole command, I advanced upon the main position of the enemy. Their line was formed in the edge of a long piece of timber, just on the brow of the rising ground, while in front was a fine open stretch of clearing descending gradually to the river. When within 400 yards of the enemy I directed the line to advance rapidly and drive them from the timber. This was well commenced only, when the whole line gave way under the fire of the enemy and retreated in disorder to the reserve, where I succeeded in reforming the broken detachment. I again ordered an advance with the Third and Fourth Iowa Regiments closely supporting. This time we reached the woods, and after a short, spirited resistance from the enemy drove them out of position with some loss. Te retiring foe was followed by our troops through the skirt of timber about two miles, when, having been struck, just as we gained the edge of the timber, in the leg with a rifle-ball, and disabled thereby, I turned over the command to Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, who had commanded the Second Brigade since leaving Washington, Mo.

Having been left on the field I could not learn our loss or that of the enemy. I know of Captain Brown and Lieutenant Watts, Third Iowa, and Lieutenant Bowman, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, being wounded while gallantly leading their men. I presume our loss to this time did not exceed in my division 25 all told. The command is still pursuing the retreating enemy. During the march to Clarendon and until leav-

