
ing Brownsville, Ark., the command was but partially supplied with grain, and had very little hay. From Brownsville, Ark., to Cape Girardeau, Mo., grain was readily found and some hay was obtained. From Saint Louis to time of arrival at Independence a sufficient amount of grain and considerable hay was secured. That the march was severe in many respects is evident, and yet at the time of the fight, 23rd of October, there were no dismounted men. Of course during the march from Saint Louis no horses were taken from citizens. Previous to the arrival of the command at Cape Girardeau about 250 animals were taken and captured, all of which branded, and most of them turned into the quartermaster's department at Benton Barracks. The men were dismounted and led their animals from one-eighth to one-fourth of each days' march, and every effort was made by steady moving, frequent rests, and regular and abundant feeding, when practicable, to keep the command in an effective condition. The officers generally did all they could to second my endeavors, although, as is the case in all our movements, many company commanders neglected to enforce obedience received from higher authority. I am especially indebted to the several brigade commanders, and to Lieutenant A. Hodge, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Fitch, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Madigan, acting commissary of subsistence; Captain J. F. Young, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant Thiel, aide-de-camp, for much valuable aid.

Immediately after the return from the pursuit of Price the command should be reunited, and I respectfully represent the necessity of this being done. The detachment in Missouri is composed of details from about every company in eight regiments, the company and regimental records being yet at Memphis with the portion there encamped.

I submit herewith a statement of the daily marches with remarks. Only the direct marches are shown, to which aggregate should be added 25 per cent. for scouting, flanking, and foraging. Miles marched, 772; traveled by boats, 150; total distance, 922 miles.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Dist of West Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Kansas City, October 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following brief report of operations of my command from the 16th instant to date:

By direction of the major-general commanding the department, I reported to the major-general commanding division from Prince's Ford on Osage River, where my command was then in bivouac. From this point the command moved thirty miles per diem, to Wellington, camping a dark on the 21st instant; moved at 12 o'clock same night in rear of Sanborn's brigade to Independence, when I was directed to support Brigadier-General Brown and aid in driving the enemy to Weston. Moved at 5 p. m., and by direction of General Brown my brigade took the advance, pushing the enemy (Clark's rebel brigade in the rear) to within three miles of Big Blue, when, at 10.30 p. m., I received orders to wait for the moon to rise. Moved about 4 a. m. 23d, driving the

