
back toward Riddle's. The whole, except Major Burnet's command encamped on Scullyville Prairie night of 30th, while General Gano and McCurtain bivouacked at James' Fork, near Wall's Mill.

At sunrise on the 31st the line of march was taken up by both columns, that under my immediate command preceded by Well's battalion. The Creeks, under Major Barnett, were detached at Scullyville, accompanied by Captain Marston, acting assistant adjutant-general on my staff, and proceeded by the river road to Poteau Bottom, opposite (west) Fort Smith. The remainder of the command formed a junction at Wat. Folsom's, on Towson road, near Cedar Prairie. General Gano, in accordance with previous arrangements, was here detached with McCurtain's battalion of Choctaws,and both proceeded to Massard Prairie by the road leading from McCarty's place, seven miles south of Fort Smith. General Watie's command, Colonel Folsom's command, Well's battalion,and Howell's section advanced under my personal direction on the main Fort Smith road. General Watie was sent forward with guides to drive in the enemy's pickets on the main road leading directly to one of the principal works in fronto of Fort Smith, at Negro Hill, and also on the Line road to the garrison,while the section of Howell's battery, command by Captain Howell, and a section of Lee's light howitzer battery,commanded by Captain John T. Humphreys, supported by the Choctaw Brigade, First Creek Regiment,and Well's battalion, were posted at the south end of the lane leading from Harman Mickles' to the old church and grave-yard on the hill overlooking the open field on the north toward Fort Smith. General Watie executed the order given him with his accustomed gallantry and promptness, sending Colonel Bell, with First Cherokee Regiment, on the main road and Colonel Adair on the road to the left known as the Line road both detachments charging with the gallant impetuosity for which they and their men are noted. He not only routed the Federal pickets, but ran them up to the line of their intrenchments near Fort Smith, and returning the men sat down to the plentiful dinner just prepared for the Federals at their camp.

The enemy having rallied soon began to show themselves on the road, and some sharp skirmishing ensued. The First Creek Regiment was ordered forward to support Colonel Bell, which they obeyed with an alacrity and enthusiasm highly creditable to both officers and men. I would state here that the Second Creek and Seminole Regiments exhibited the same spirit, also expressing a willingness to storm the town from the west side if it was my desire. Well's battalion was ordered to the Line road, where it rendered important service, though not under fire, in guarding that road after General Watie and Colonel Adair had crossed over on the main road to a position near the forks of the road at Mill Creek, near the Gum Springs. Soon after General Watie reported the enemy advancing in force, having driven in the Cherokee pickets, but was feeling his way very cautiously.

Leaving the reserve (Howell's section and First and Second Choctaw) at Mickle's, under Colonel Folsom, Captain Humphreys was ordered forward to General Watie's position and General Gano to cross over from Massard Prairie and join me on the main road to Fort Smith. Having arrived at the camp lately occupied by the enemy I found Brigadier-General Watie with his command in position on the hill south of the spring. General Gano soon arrived, and Captain Humphreys with his light battery, was advanced and opened on the enemy,then

3 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

