
enemy over Big Blue, at which stream General Brown's brigade was ordered to take the advance and General B. ordered to the rear. At the request of the major-general commanding division I assumed direction of the fighting in front, the enemy being posted on the opposite bank of the river with their main line formed about half a mile from the stream. With one battalion Fourth Iowa Cavalry, 100 Fourth Missouri Cavalry,and one regiment of Brown's brigade, Missouri State Militia, formed on the bank of the stream, the enemy were at once driven to their main line by a vigorous charge. Dismounting two other regiments of Missouri State Militia and forming line about 400 yards from that of the enemy, having previously placed a regiment in reserve. When within about 100 yards of the enemy the entire line broke and ran to the rear. Succeeded in rallying upon the reserve most of the broken troops, and bringing forward my brigade in support I again ordered a charge on the enemy's line. This movement was perfectly successful, though the enemy held their position, a good one, until our men engaged them hand-to-hand. Just as the enemy turned to run I was struck in the left leg with a rifle-ball, and, though able to keep the saddle until the enemy had been driven a mile, was obliged then to turn over my command to Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, Tenth Missouri Cavalry.

I cannot give a list of casualties, not having received any reports, but think the losses in my own command will not exceed 25 killed and wounded, principally in the Third Iowa Cavalry, which did the work on the night of the 22nd.

I respectfully call the attention of the major-general to the condition of my command, which, though having marched over 800 miles direct line, had then no dismounted men.

Very truly, yours,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant CLIFFORD THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick W. Benteen, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Fourth Brigade, Cavalry Division.

GENERAL: I beg respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since I have had the honor of commanding it:

On the morning of the 23rd of October, Colonel Winslow commanding, was unfortunately wounded in the leg and had to retire from the field, and the command devolved upon me as the next ranking officer. At that time I found the enemy well posted on the opposite side of the Big Blue with a very strong position and in considerable numbers. Captain Dee, of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, has succeeded, with a detachment of that regiment, in gaining a position on the same side with the rebels and the brigade of General Brown had been ordered to the front. As soon as the command devolved upon me I dismounted the Third

