
line of battle, the Third and Fourth Iowa, and Major Simonson's command in column of squadron in their rear, with the intention to charge as soon as a striking distance could be reached. I ordered the charge at one time, but the enemy fell back too rapidly upon his strong lines and I felt that it would be more than useless to continue, so I halted and formed a line of battle, my ammunition by this time being reduced to a very few rounds per man and my horses completely tired out. Major Simonson's command was not included in the line of battle, as you had stationed him to support the section of artillery you had stationed to the left and rear of the command. In this last action we lost several men wounded, and amongst them Major A. R. Pierce, of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, who has severely wounded in the foot while leading his men toward the rebels. He did not leave the field until the night had set in and the command bivouacked on the field, the enemy in the meantime having retired. This ended the fighting up to the present time in which we have had any participation. The next morning I moved my command to Fort Scott, halting to feed on the road. The next day I received orders from you to report to Major-General Curtis, and am at present still under his orders.

This report does not pretend to give any history of our operations previous to my assumption of command. I suppose Colonel Winslow, my predecessor, will make his report as soon as possible of the movements up to the time of his departure.

You will find annexed Exhibit A,* which gives a list of the casualties of the command for the whole period of time the command has been in pursuit of Price. Hundreds of prisoners have fallen into our hands, but owing to the nature of our movements, I have not been able to keep a record of them.

My thanks are due to the officers and men for their gallant and cheerful performance of duty at all times. Major W. H. Lusk, of the Tenth Missouri; Major A. R. Pierce, of the Fourth Iowa; Major B. S. Jones, of the Third Iowa; Major S. E. W. Simonson, of the seventh Indiana, and captain Knispel, of the Fourth Missouri, are entitled to especial mention for the brave examples they set their men and the gallant style in which they led them into danger. To Private James Dunlavy,+ Company D, Third Iowa Cavalry, belongs the honor of capturing Major-General Marmaduke, and to Sergt. Cavalry M. Young,+ of the same company [Company L,] and regiment, that of taking General Cabell. We also captured besides the guns and prisoners two stand of colors. Of my staff, I beg particularly to mention Captain J. F. Young, Tenth Missouri Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant August Thiel, of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp, for their gallantry in the field and their unceasing attention to duty at all times. I do not desire to make any invidious distinctions, however, for all did well and nobly and deserve the thanks of their country.

In conclusion, allow me, general, to return you my sincere thanks or the uniform kindness you have displayed toward me during our official connection, and I shall always cherish it with the kindest of feelings and regard.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. BENTEEN,

Lieutenant Colonel Tenth Cavalry missouri Vols., Commanding Fourth Brigadier

Major General A. PLEASONTON.

---------------

* Not found.

+ Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

