
Numbers 11. Report of Major Benjamin S. Jones, Third Iowa Cavalry.HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,Benton Barracks, Mo., November 28, 1864.

SIR: I have honor to submit the following report of the actions of the Third Iowa Cavalry in the recent campaign in Missouri against the rebel force commanded by General Price:

In pursuance of orders I assumed command of 483 men with 15 line officers, all the available mounted forces of the regiment,and marched from camp near Memphis, Tenn., at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd day of September, 1864, and formed a part of Winslow's brigade, with which I crossed the Mississippi, and marched to Brownsville, Ark., where I arrived on the 9th day of September, and remained with the brigade almost without forage for my horses, awaiting the arrival and fitting up of an infantry force, commanded by Major-General Mower, until the morning of the 18th of September, during which time I left sick in hospital fifty men and one officer, when we marched with said force via Austin and Searcy, and crossed White River fifteen miles below Batesville, and Black River at Elgin, ten miles above its junction with White River. Bridged and crossed the latter stream, marched up its left bank, crossing into the State of Missouri, at or near Poplar Bluff, turning to the east, and marching to Cape Girardeau, Mo., where we arrived on the 5th day of October, 1864. Embarked on transports and moved to Saint Louis, Mo., where I arrived and refitted my command on the 10th and marched out on the 11th up the valley of the Missouri River on the direct road to Independence, marching rapidly and constantly until the 22nd day of October, when we joined the forces of the Department of the Missouri, commanded by Major-General Pleasonton, and which were fighting the enemy near Independence, Mo. Winslow's brigade being ordered to the front that evening, my regiment not having the advance was, however, dismounted, sent to the front, and immediately engaged the enemy on the Kansas City road, fighting and driving Clark's (rebel) brigade, from 5 o'clock until 9.30 p. m., a distance of five miles, when my command was relieved. The command rested on the field for the night in the face of the enemy, having marched from 12 o'clock on the night of the 21st, and without forage or water for our animals. Our brigade was in motion again at 4 a. m. of the 23d, the Fourth Iowa Cavalry and Tenth Missouri in the advance, and drove the enemy after light skirmishing you and across the Big Blue (a distance of two miles) to a strong position. A brigade of Missouri State Militia was thrown in to dislodge them, but failed to accomplish it. My command was dismounted and formed line on the right and in front of the enemy, who were posted across an open field behind piles of rails in the woods. We charged them, killing and wounding many of their men (Company A captured one stand of their colors) and completely routed them from their strong position, but suffered a considerable loss in wounded. Soon after I mounted my command and proceed with my brigade to the front on the open prairie, and joined in gallant mounted charge against the enemy in column of regiments, following the Tenth Missouri and Fourth Iowa Cavalry, which was continued through farms and over the prairie for five or six miles, breaking his lines, and completely scattering his men in every direction, and inflict-

