
ing a severe loss upon him in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Here again I lost in both killed and wounded, and our brigade camped for the night on the State line between Missouri and Kansas, fed our hungry and jaded animals on corn and fodder from a fine field on the rich and free soil of Kansas, and rested fearless of an enemy. We marched early, constantly, and rapidly on the 24th, in a southerly direction, after a retreating enemy, down the line dividing Missouri and Kansas, over extensive prairies dotted with devastated farms and lonely chimneys, which mark the ravages of war before the rebellion, and in the days of which it would have been worse than fanaticism to have prophesied that on the 24th day of October, 1864, the governments of Missouri and Kansas would unite as they did on that day and drive out the defenders of African slavery and the destroyers of the Government, as it was our delight to do, uniting with the Army of the Border, commanded by General Curtis, with which we marched without halting until 3 a. m. of 25th, at Trading Post, on the Osage River, where we found the enemy and eagerly waited for daylight.

The enemy having been routed from their position on the river, was followed by Winslow's brigade at a gallop in the order of Tenth Missouri, Fourth Iowa, Third Iowa, Fourth Missouri, and Seventh Indiana Cavalry for several miles, and when he attempted to make a stand, formed in two lines of battle, supported by eight pieces of artillery, my command was formed in line of battle, with the brigade in column of regiments in their order of march, and, constituting the left center of our whole line, charged the enemy, breaking his right and center, killing, wounding, and capturing many of his men. Among the captured was Major-General Marmaduke and Brigadier-General Cabell, the first by Private James Dunlavy, of Company D, and the latter by Sergeant C. M. Young, of Company L, both of the Third Iowa Cavalry. Companies C, D, and E captured three pieces of the enemy's artillery. The whole of my command did nobly on that field, as also on others, and the highest commendations are due to every man and officer. The remainder of this day was one continual charge upon the enemy and his complete rout. We rested on the open prairie over night near Fort Scott, Kans. On the 26th day of October we rested with our brigade at Fort Scott, and early on the 27th again joined in the pursuit of the enemy and continued through Arkansas and Indian Territory to a point on Arkansas River forty miles above Fort Scott, without again seeing the enemy, and from which we returned to this place, having marched since September 2, 1,650 miles, and participated in three general engagements, and marched through a country destitute of forage, or having been devastated by the enemy, and many times without having food for my men, having had only three-fifths rations from the 28th ultimo to 7th instant and not any bread from the 7th to 12th instant in consequence of the destitution of the country (Indian Territory) through which w marched, and great distance from the base of supplies.*

Hoping you will make proper allowances for the length of this report,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. JONES,

Major, Commanding Third Iowa Cavalry Veteran Volunteers.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (here omitted) shows 2 commissioned officers wounded and 6 enlisted men killed and 39 wounded.

---------------

