
Numbers 12. Report of Major Abial R. Pierce, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH IOWA CAVALRY,Diamond Grove Prairie, October 27, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

GENERAL: Fearing that justice will not be done my regiment in the reports made of the battle of Osage, I take the liberty to call your attention to the charge made by them on the enemy's right, at a time when our line on the right had halted and were receiving a destructive fire from the enemy. At that time a perfect rout of our line appeared to be almost certain. My regiment had just formed on the extreme left of our line when I commenced the charge. The three companies on the right of my regiment charged through the line of the Tenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry Regiment, which was formed in their front. In that charge we crushed the enemy's right completely. We pressed them so close that I cut eight rebels from their horses with my own saber. My regiment captured over 200 prisoners with two stand of colors. We advanced so far into the enemy's ranks that Major-General Pleasonton ordered our own battery to shell us, thinking we were the retreating enemy, and my men were obliged to scatter to avoid being cut to pieces by our own shells. I should have called to see you, general, had not I received a severe wound in my foot, which prevents my riding my horse.

A. R. PIERCE,

Major, Commanding Fourth Iowa Veteran Cavalry.

Major-General CURTIS.

Numbers 13. Reports of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Warrensburg, November 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I desire to submit a preliminary report of the operations of this division from the time of its first contact with General Price's army, after my assuming command, until its arrival at Fort Scott. As soon as subordinate reports are received, I will then submit a more detailed statement.

On the 22nd of October my advance came up with the enemy's rear guard at the little blue. The bridge was destroyed over that stream, but by means of a temporary bridge, hastily constructed, and a ford about half a mile below, the command was soon crossed McNeil's brigade had the advance, and soon engaged the enemy, followed by Sanborn's brigade, and this force soon pressed them back upon Independence, and beyond that town, where by a vigorous charge of Catherwood's regiment (Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry) two guns were captured from the enemy. The pursuit was continued, and Brown's and Winslow's brigades coming up they were thrown to the front. The enemy seemed to be in haste, so determined to push them all night, and for this purpose Winslow's brigade was dismounted and thrown forward in a number of successful charges, which resulted in driving the enemy some six

