
guns were captured. Major-General Marmaduke and Brigadier-General Cabell surrendered with about 1,00 prisoners, and the enemy began to burn a large number of wagons in his train. The roads for the next fifteen miles was strewn with muskets and arms of all kinds. Late in the evening I again came up with the enemy, just opposite Fort Scott, on an extensive prairie, but my horses were too much exhausted to go into action, and I was compelled to go to the fort for forage. That night Generals Curtis and Blunt also passed at Fort Scott, and the next morning, the 26th of October, I received a communication from General Curtis, of which the inclosed is a copy. My command was too much exhausted to move immediately after the enemy, but I ordered it forward, and only countermanded their instructions after receiving the major-general's dispatch from warrensburg, directing the different brigades to return to their respective districts. I also inclose a dispatch from General Curtis showing he had given directions for the prisoners taken by my command at the Osage to proceed to Fort Leavenworth. This, also, I did not regard after receiving the general's instructions. I left Fort Scott with their prisoners, captured artillery, and several hundred head of captured stock, sheep, and cattle, on the 28th of October, and arrived at Warrensburg on the 31st.

The losses of the command in killed and wounded will not exceed 450, while that of the enemy was much greater. All their dead and wounded fell into our hands.

I desire to commend to the favorable consideration of the major general commanding the following brigade commanders: Brigadier-General Sanborn, Colonel Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia; Colonel Winslow, and Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen. Colonel Cole, chief of artillery of the Department of the Missouri, and my chief of staff, rendered most important and efficient service, which is also submitted to favorable notice. The following named officers serving on my staff were conspicuous for gallantry and fidelity throughout the campaign: Colonel N. Cole, Second Missouri Artillery, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Melcher, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Major Henry Suess, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Captain R. L. Ferguson, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, provost-marshal; Captain Captain Alfred Walters, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Captain George W. Yates, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George H. Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant R. G. Leaming, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Clifford Thompson, First New York Cavalry, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Surg. F. V. Dayton, surgeon in chief.

A great many horses were abandoned by the enemy. Some of them were taken by the troops in exchange for their exhausted animals to continue the pursuit, but the greater number were taken by the people of the country and from Kansas. At least 2,000 stand of arms were captured by my command, but before they were secured by me they were taken from the field, many by persons from Kansas who visited the field of battle for plunder.

I would state that from the demoralized state of the enemy as well as the exhausted condition of the horses of my command, I recommended to Major-General Rosecrans the propriety of directing Sanborn's and McNeil's brigades to follow up the enemy beyond the limits of the State of Missouri and then return to their respective districts at Rolla and Springfield, while Philips' and Winslow's brigades could be with-

