
drawn from the pursuit; and upon the approval of this suggestion it was carried out. I would also further state that all of the conflicts that took place with Price's army were in the limits of the State of Missouri.

I am colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT SCOTT, KANS., October 26, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Although our joint commands are much broken and weary, after a few hours' sleep and a careful reflection I feel still more the duty and obligation I expressed to you last night of continuing the pursuit and assaults upon Price and his forces until we destroy him or get him beyond the Arkansas River and our command stationed at Fort Gibson and Fort Smith, which are liable to be overwhelmed by his numbers, are relieved and secure from his forces. I therefore desire that you will furnish the ordnance officer a memorandum or requisition for ammunition and resume your position in pursuit of the enemy. I will procure provisions and transportation and have the ammunition and supplies overtake you. This I am confident can be done by half loading teams and requiring them to travel night and day. While I regret your flank movement last night, I must thank you for the energy and gallantry you displayed in the several conflicts we had yesterday with the enemy, and I hope you will add luster by your further efforts and receive the grateful acknowledgments of your country.

Until the arrival of General Rosecrans I feel the responsibility and must assert the duties of the chief command of all troops in this vicinity.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

IN THE FIELD,

Camp at Shanghai, October 26, 1864 - 6 p. m.

[Major-General PLEASONTON:]

GENERAL: We are again on the rebel trail, about twenty-four miles from Fort Scott. I must wait for troops and rations to close up, and hope General Rosecrans will arrive to-night. The rebels are considerably ahead, and we must travel a night or two in order to overtake him. I am told fuss and feeling was got up about the charge and escort for prisoners. This is very unreasonable. Captain Hall is a proper man to have charge, and I detailed a regiment of General Sanborn's command for provost duty. It is entirely immaterial to me who escorts the prisoners, unless it is intended to impute to my Kansas troops some special unfitness for that duty. If that were attempted I would have to take some pains to vindicate their honor. None of my troops, either from Kansas or elsewhere, will do any unkindness or cruelty to prisoners. I prefer that some of General Rosecrans' command shall escort the troops and the Captain Hall shall have charge. They must be taken to Leavenworth, where they must remain till I make further

