
some 600 or 800 yards in front. A portion of Gano's brigade was thrown out as flankers, ordered to move forward, supported by the Cherokees, who had been previously dismounted. The enemy were driven back and took a position upon a high ridge under cover of the guns at Negro Hill. Captain Humphreys,with his light battery, followed them and kept up a galling fire, which I could plainly see told with considerable effect among the cavalry on the road.

The enemy soon brought up a four-gun battery (Rabb's, I suppose) and commenced a furious cannonade upon our light howitzers, the shot and shell passing harmlessly over our heads for some time. Captain Humphreys, being so unequally matched, was ordered to withdraw,and in the act of doing so a shell exploded directly amid the battery horses, killing 3,wounding 1,cutting off the leg of one of the men. Another shot swept off the head from the shoulders of one of Gano's men. My escort, under Lieutenant Johnson, succeeded, under a very heavy fire, in cutting the dead horses loose from the gun and leading it off with one horse, assisted by the men pushing the carriage along, without further loss.

It was now nearly dark. The enemy's infantry quite near. The undergrowth being thick, their numbers and strength could not be ascertained. Numerous roads by which we could be flanked and the infantry operate to advantage upon my cavalry gave them great advantage. Orders were therefore given to withdraw to Mickles', where the reserve was still posted in anticipation of the possibility of the enemy following in force. General Gano with his brigade constituted the rear guard, and were directed to burn the commissary stores and camp of the enemy on retiring, which was done about dark. The amount of stores destroyed, after our troops had helped themselves to what they could bring off, is estimated in our currency at $130,000.

A portion of the Cherokee troops (dismounted) had advanced in the brush some distance on the left and could not be readily found. Major Howland was directed to find and bring them out. It seems they retired in good order and safely on the approach of night without orders having reached them. All retired in good order and without the least haste quietly to the reserve,and then the whole moved off to Cedar Prairie, about two miles south,and encamped for the night.

The enemy,so far from following, appeared not even to have known, as ascertained from deserters, that we had retired, but retreated to their intrenchments and remained there under arms all night. Deserters also report that the fire from the light battery was very effective.

Colonel Judson, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, was wounded in one leg by the explosion of a shell; also several others, and two ambulances-loads of their dead were carried from the field, supposed to contain 8 or 10 bodies.

Our loss, 1 killed (James Dement, Hardeman's regiment, Texas cavalry), 5 wounded, one mortally (Wammack, a Cherokee, of the battery).

I would return thanks in this connection to Assistant Surgeon Fisk, of the battery,and his party for the promptness with which they brought up the ambulance for the wounded within short range of the enemy's battery.

While General Gano occupied an elevated position near Massard Prairie Lieutenant-Colonel McCurtain and his Choctaw battalion scoured the prairie for the purpose of attracting attention, and, if possible, draw out the enemy. In this we failed, but McCurtain captured 3 regular Federal soldiers and 8 Arkansas. He also brought off some horses

