
arrangements either for their exchange or transportation to Alton, or elsewhere, as I may be instructed from headquarters. Colonel Ritchie, of my staff, as I am informed, was arrested by yourself or some of your officers. While I directed him to obey the arrest, it is proper for me to express some doubts of the propriety of an official act of this sort toward an officer acting, as he was, under my orders, and I desire that the matter may be reported at your earliest convenience.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the troops under my command in the late campaign against the rebel army under General Sterling Price; also reports of subordinate commanders and list of casualties.

On the 6th of October I was ordered to proceed to Jefferson City and assume command of all the forces in that vicinity. I arrived at that point on the morning of the 8th, and finding that Price's army was moving west, I immediately ordered all the available cavalry force, with a battery of 3-inch guns, the whole under the command of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, to proceed as a corps of observation after the enemy, to harass and delay him as much as possible until other troops could be brought forward. For the particulars of this service, which was well and ably performed by General Sanborn, I refer you to his report. On the 19th of October I proceeded to Dunksburg and assumed command of the Provisional Cavalry Division which had been formed in orders from department headquarters, consisting of the cavalry of Sanborn, formed into three brigades, under Brigadier-General Brown, McNeil, and Sanborn, respectively, and of Colonel Winslow's cavalry brigade, from Major General A. J. Smith's command, making a fourth brigade. To each brigade a section of artillery was attached. On the night of the 20th my advance, consisting of McNeil's and Sanborn's brigades, occupied Lexington after some skirmishing with the enemy's rear guard, and the enemy having taken the road to Independence, the command was occupied on the 21st in closing up and approaching the Little Blue. On the 22nd of October my advance came up with the enemy's rear guard at the little Blue. The bridge was destroyed over that stream, but by mean of a temporary one hastily constructed and a ford about half a mile below the command was soon crossed. McNeil's brigade had the advance, and soon engaged the enemy, followed by Sanborn's brigade, and this force pressed them back through Independence and beyond that town, where by a vigorous charge of Catherwood's regiment (Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry), two guns and a number of prisoners were captured. Brown and Winslow's brigades then coming up they were thrown to the front, and engaged the enemy. Major-general Curtis, in command of the forces from Kansas, having been compelled to fall back from Lexington to Independence, and from thence to retreat to the Big Blue, and afterward to Westport, I determined to push the enemy as far as possible during the night, to relieve Curtis. For this purpose Winslow's brigade was dismounted and thrown forward in a number of successful charges, which resulted in driving the enemy several miles to the Big Blue River, during the night.

I take this occasion to say that Colonel Winslow not only handled his brigade in splendid style, but his troops showed themselves equal to any service they were called upon to perform. To relieve this brigade after

