
the Marais des Cygnes, the destruction of Price's army at that time would have been inevitable. On the 26th of October, while at Fort Scott, Major-General Curtis sent me a communication, assuming command of my division; he also directed that the prisoners which were captured by my command on the preceding day should be marched through Kansas to Fort Leavenworth. Copies of these communications were forwarded to your office with my preliminary report.* On the 27th of October telegraphic communication was opened with Major-General Rosecrans at Warrensburg, and at my suggestion, to meet the best interests of the service, instructions were given form McNeil's and Sanborn's brigades to follow up and drive the enemy our of the department, and then return to their respective stations at Rolla and Springfield, Benteen's and Philips' brigades to return to their commands; and on the 28th of October the prisoners, captured artillery, and several hundred head of captured stock, left Fort Scott under a proper guard and arrived at Warrensburg on the 31st.
I desire to commend to favorable consideration the following brigade commanders, viz: Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, Colonel Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia; Colonel Winslow and Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen. I would also mention as regimental commanders whose gallantry and efficiency came under my especial notice, Colonel Beveridge, of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, and Colonel Catherwood, of the Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Volunteers.

The following-name officers service on my staff were conspicuous for gallantry and fidelity throughout the campaign; Colonel N. Cole, Second Missouri Artillery, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Melcher, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Major Henry Suess, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Captain R. L. Ferguson, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, provost-marshal; Captain Alfred Walters, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Captain George W. Yates, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, Aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George H. Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant R. G. Leaming, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Clifford Thomson, First New York Cavalry, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Surg. F. V. Dayton, surgeon in chief.

In justice to the troops from Missouri and those of Winslow's brigade I desire to make the most honorable mention of their gallantry, devotion, and self-sacrifice throughout the campaign; attacking and driving on every occasion at least four times their numbers from selected positions, and under disadvantages more than common, they have won for themselves the proud title of being to fight side by side with the best soldiers of the republic.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Colonel DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri.

ADDENDA.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 10, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of the 8th instant, asking what became of the tenth gun captured by my command in the late campaign

---------------

* See p. 339.

---------------

