
moved up to support me were sent to the flanks, I pushed forward, attacked the enemy, and drove him back about two miles on the Westport road. After about two hours' fighting the First and Fourth Regiments reported their ammunition expended, and the train having been detained in crossing the Little Blue River Colonel Winslow's (Fourth) brigade relieved me and took the advance. I sent immediately to the rear and ordered the ammunition train up; reformed my command and moved forward, closing up with Colonel Winslow.

In this skirmish with the enemy my loss was Lieutenant Mullins, First Missouri State Militia, mortally wounded, 8 enlisted men severely and a number slightly wounded. The enemy's loss is unknown. Colonel Bennran [?] was killed. Colonel Merritt L. Young and Captain Davidson fell into our hands, the former dangerously wounded, and the ambulances of the enemy were busy carrying their disabled men to the rear.

At 1 o'clock in the morning I received a report that the ammunition train which had come up from the Blue had been halted two miles in the rear, near the headquarters of the major-general commanding, and by his orders I sent immediately to urge forward the train, and if held by the general's orders the officer was instructed to see him personally, and explain the necessity for allowing it move up and supply the troops with ammunition. After daylight the train reached the brigade and the ammunition was distributed as soon as possible. At 5.30 a. m. I had received an order to keep well closed upon Colonel Winslow's brigade and to pass him at daylight, on receipt of which I sent forward to learn if the command was well up, and did so again before daylight, and the report in both cases was that he was in my immediate front. As soon as the ammunition was distributed I moved up to pass him and found about one regiment on the road separated from the advance, which was still moving forward. No preparation had been made by Colonel Winslow for me to pass, nor cloud he have well done so, as the road led over a broken country, hedged in by dense brush and timber, and he continued to move forward in search of favorable ground, and also, as he said, with the hope of finding forage for his jaded horses. I pushed on, woke his sleeping men, crowded them forward or to one side, and on arriving at the head of the column showed him the order directing me to take the advance, and he moved out in the brush for my command to pass. The advance regiment, Seventh Missouri State Militia, was ordered to dismount to fight. The First Missouri State Militia was ordered to move in to the right and the Fourth Missouri State Militia on the left. The detention of the ammunition train, the moving forward of Colonel Winslow's brigade, with the delay required to close it up and move to one side, while they did not hinder the forward movement of the troops, made the time of relieving Colonel Winslow later in the morning than that designated in the order of the major-general commanding. At the time when the disposition last referred to was being made I was relieved from the command of the brigade.

I hope the commanding general will pardon the length and minuteness of this report, as it is intended that it shall be an explanation of the seeming want of promptness in in obeying his orders.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

