
began at Jefferson City, on the 7th ultimo, until the division arrived at Fort Scott, no harder fighting was done at any place except at Big Blue; that the brigade had done more fighting, had more casualties (fortunately but few), and killed and wounded more rebels than any other brigade, and as much as the whole division at Independence; that it drove a superior force from three successively strong positions, and were not relieved by colonel Winslow's (Fourth) brigade until; two of the three regiments composing what was left of the brigade were reported entirely out of ammunition (and no possibility of replenishing the cartridge-boxes as the train was detained at the Little Blue) and the enemy in full retreat. The commanding general will pardon me, I hope, if I speak earnestly in defense of the soldiers who have served faithfully under my command for a long time, some of them nearly three years, and for asking that the value of their services at Independence shall receive proper consideration, and that the merit justly belonging to them shall be awarded as a meed due to brave men, who have served their Government faithfully, and that the tongue of slander shall not rob them of the laurels so nobly earned. The commanding general will please understand that I ask for nothing except justice for the soldiers who have served their country so faithfully under men, and whose long-tried courage has added so much to the glory of our arms and to his recent successes.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant CLIFFORD THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, October 23, 1864 - 4 a. m.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you close your command at once on Colonel Winslow, and keep closed up, and at daybreak relieve his brigade and push yours to the front. You will push your command rapidly and give the enemy no chance to halt for rest or forage for men of horses. General McNeil's brigade is expected to strike them at daybreak at Little Santa Fe, and as your command has as yet done no fighting, the general expects you to push them vigorously to-day. I have ordered four pieces of artillery to the rear of your brigade under Captain Thurber to report to you. General sanborn will support you with his brigade. The major-general commanding desires me to say he will accept of no excuse for the non-fulfillment of this duty to-day, but hold you responsible, as every other brigade has done so well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. COLE,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

P. S.- Subsistence train is at Little Blue, and will be up to-day.

N. COLE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

