
and drove of beef-cattle, with all which he retired to Mrs. Stevens', about two miles south of the forks of the Line and Towson roads.

On this occasion,as on all former ones requiring judgment and bravery,this officer rendered important service.

The Creeks, under Major Barnett, and a few Cherokees, under Captain Samuel H. Gunter, accompanied by Captain Marston,had, during the day, made their way to the Poteau and fired across into the garrison at Fort Smith, creating, evidently, great excitement and some consternation. Learning that the Poteau was backed up from [the] Arkansas, so that nothing could be accomplished in that direction, I ordered the Creeks to join me at Mickles', where Howell and the Choctaws were stationed, and they arrived just as we were moving off to Cedar Prairie. Captain Gunter was left in Poteau Bottom to watch the enemy.

Next morning we retired, General Watie taking the road to Scullyville after crossing Poteau at Hardaway's Ford. Gano's brigade, the Choctaws, Well's battalion, and Howell's section returned to Buck Creek.

Soon after leaving Cedar Prairie heavy cannonading was heard in the direction of Fort Smith, which proved to be caused by Captain Gunter and a few Cherokees amusing themselves by shooting at the Federals across Poteau, whereupon a shelling would come, the little party quietly changing position and enjoying the fun, until the enemy were tired of blazing away at their supposed hiding-place. Then they would fire from a different point,which would again bring, out the big guns, and so on for the most of the day, which we could plainly hear at Buck Creek, twenty-five miles distant.

Gunter and others here reported the Federals crossing to the north side of [the] Arkansas. In fact, Captain Marston had reported the same the evening before. I supposed the movement to be merely that of Union refuges crossing to take the train to Fort Scott. General Watie,however, having advised me that his picket at mouth of Poteau and at Rock Ford,near Boyd's Mill, heard only four drums at tattoo and no reveille, I determined to send General Watie back to Poteau Bottom and General Gano to Massard Prairie for the purpose of ascertaining whether the enemy were really evacuating, and to hurry them out in case such proved to be the case. Parties who had seen the movements on Arkansas River were so confident that an evacuation would take place that (contrary to my own impression) I concluded to order up my trains and remain. It was soon ascertained that the exodus of the Union families and baggage was the solution of appearances on Arkansas River, and we moved back slowly, resting wherever grass and water could be had - the troops under General Watie to San Bois (Bill Cooper's place), General Gano via Holston's to Riddle's, and the remainder with myself to our old camp on Limestone Prairie - General Gano bringing off with him a heard of cattle and other stock.

While resting at Buck Creek Captain Marston and Captain Gunter, with four men, swam the Arkansas, made a reconnaissance of the enemy on the north side, ascertained certainly that the enemy were not evacuating, captured two Federals with arms, horses, rigging, and green-backs, paroling one of the prisoners who was badly wounded, and then recrossed again, swimming the Arkansas in full view of the enemy, and arrived tired, but safely, at my camp near Chula Church, where the train had been directed to meet us. This feat is unsurpassed in the annals of the war.

