
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Warrensburg, Mo., November 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Brown. He being in arrest cannot address these headquarters without permission.

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. THOMSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WARRENSBURG, November 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel John V. Du Bois, chief of staff, Department of Missouri.

I suppose I have the right if in arrest to address my commanding or superior office on writing. I find such right in the military authorities, but my arrest has expired by limitation, no charges having been preferred against me, and having been in arrest since October 23 at 7 a. m.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 16. Reports of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Warrensburg, Mo., November 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to General Orders, Numbers 5, from headquarters Cavalry Division, dated October 23, 1864, I assumed command of the First Brigade on the morning of that day near the Big Blue, Jackson County, Mo. We were then in front of the enemy, who was strongly posted in force on west bank of Big Blue. I was ordered by the major-general commanding to press vigorously forward, take the advance, relieving Colonel Winslow's brigade, then skirmishing with the enemy. The Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Lieutenant Colonel T. T. Crittenden commanding, was immediately thrown into action, dismounted on the left of the road, while the Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Major G. w. Kelly commanding, closely followed by the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Lazear commanding, were carried rapidity toward the ford with orders to cross and charge the enemy. This order was executed with great difficulty and attended with some delay, in consequence of the egress from the creek having been obstructed by General Blunt's command, by feeling heavy timber, forming a kind of abatis. The enemy has so planted a heavy gun as to sweep this ford, and shelled us furiously, killing a number of horses and men in the stream. Nothing daunted the cavalry resolutely forced its way through. Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden had, in the meantime, effected a crossing, bore to the right, engaging the enemy fiercely. Kelly's cavalry gained the western bank and formed in Crittenden's rear, when the latter swung quickly to the left of the road, pressing hard upon the enemy in his front, Major Kelly making a similar move on the right. The enemy was driven back about 200 yards, where he occupied a range of

