
hills, extending through an open field on our left and along a craggy bluff, covered with dense woods, on our right. The enemy's position was strengthened by a string of fencing and two or three log houses, behind which he took shelter. The Fourth Cavalry then dismounted and advanced on the right of the Seventh, and I was ordered to charge with the First Cavalry.

The situation of the ground was such as to confine the movements of the cavalry to the road, which rendered the immediate execution of this order, in any other formation than that of column of fours, an impossibility. The effort, in column, was twice made but failed, because the storm of bullets and shell sweeping from that hiss down the road insured utter destruction to every horses and its rider that ascended its crest. The dislodgement of the enemy from this formidable position necessitated the hurling against him the entire brigade dismounted, which was at once resolved on and done. Here the fighting was terrific. The enemy soon began to fall back, contesting every inch of ground, across the open field, about 150 yards, to the woods, where their main force was in position. My command, then occupying the position from which the enemy had just been driven, began to advance across this field, where ensued one of the fiercest and most sanguinary conflicts of the engagement. The enemy occupied not only the ground but the very tree tops, their sharpshooters having climbed into these, singling out and shooting or officers and men was here most admirable. Notwithstanding the ammunition of my command began to fail the position gained was held and the advance prosecuted. Re-enforcements were sent from Colonel Winslow's brigade, when the charge was pressed with increased vigor. The timber was gained and the enemy driven in confusion, leaving his dead and wounded and a large number of prisoners in our hands, the large number of these showing the stubbornness with which the enemy resisted and the desperation with which our men fought. My ammunition train was ordered up, and as soon as the boxes were replenished I moved rapidly forward.

One mile brought us in view of the enemy formed on the prairie. After some maneuvering we advanced on a line at right angles with the old military road, leading from Westport to Fort Scott. It was discovered that that portion of the enemy's force which had been engaged with General Curtis at Westport, in the forenoon, were falling back, making a connection with the force in our front; Sanborn's brigade coming upon our left a charge was ordered by the major-general commanding, and our entire force was hurled upon the enemy in open prairie, routing and scattering him in indescribable disorder, killing and wounding many and taking many prisoners. The brigade encamped for the night near Little Santa Fe. At daylight on the morning of the 24th we decamped and marched almost incessantly until 3 a. m. on the 25th, when we bivouacked on the open prairie, in a drenching rain, until 5.30 a. m., near Trading Post. Sanborn's and Benteen's brigades were in advance of mine, the former already skirmishing with the enemy, driving him through Trading Post to the Marais des Cygnes, where he resisted stubbornly. At this point I was ordered to take the advance and charge the enemy then formed in open prairie. Passing the two brigades in advance of me I soon came in view of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, holding the advance of the brigade, was ordered forward with instructions to attack fiercely. The remainder of my command was advanced in squadron columns, supporting Lazear. The enemy

