
withdrew on our approach. We pursued them at the gallop for three miles, pressing him so closely as to compel him to form. He took position on the open prairie with Mine Creek, a tributary of the osage, in his immediate rear. Lazear's command was well up and in position. The remainder of the brigade, advancing in parallel columns, was easily and quickly fronted into line. The enemy was formed at 600 yards distance in treble lines and in overwhelming force. My ground was high and commanding. Here the whole rebel army and train were in full view. General Price on his famed white horse was plainly visible directing and urging the rapid flight of his train. The scene was grand; the work before us of fearful import. An aide was sent to inform the major-general commanding that Price's army was in my immediate front and that I confronted him with my little command in line of battle. The enemy's vastly superior numbers enabled him to outflank me, which he evidently intended to do, by his movements. To meet this I was compelled to extend my line to the right by opening files and swinging off one squadron some sixty yards. I had no reserve force; the enemy had eight guns in position, which he now began to use. As yet no artillery had come to my assistance, it having been delayed at the Marais des Cygnes by obstructions placed there by the enemy.

It was manifest that the enemy was preparing to charge by advancing in double column from his right and left center. At this juncture Benteen's brigade came up on my left, and as soon as his advance regiment got into position I began the attack. Everything depended on striking the enemy before his dispositions for a charge were completed. Benteen's brigade came down on the enemy's right handsomely and fiercely. Two pieces of our artillery came up and opened fire. My brigade was precipitated on the enemy's center and left with tremendous energy, when the fighting became general and terrific. The impetuosity of the onset surprised and confounded the enemy. He trembled and wavered and the wild shouts of our soldiers rising above the din of battle told that he gave way. With pistol we dashed into his disorganized ranks and the scene of death was as terrible as the victory was speedy and glorious. Major-General Marmaduke, Brigadier-General Cabell, some colonels, several line officers, four guns, one stand of colors, and a large number of prisoners were captured by this brigade. The ground in our front was strewn with the enemy's dead, dying, and wounded. Every gun the enemy pointed at us fell into our hands. Our advantage was followed up as energetically as possible, making the rout complete. This successful charge produced great consternation and demoralization among the enemy, as evidenced by his rapid flight, the destruction of much of his train, the disgorging and scattering of his ill-gotten plunder. A number of prisoners taken in this fight were dressed in our uniform, and in obedience to existing orders from department headquarters, and the usages of war, they were executed instanter, while those taken in Confederate uniform were recognized and treated as prisoners of war. The number of prisoners exceeded 400. As soon as my brigade could be reorganized I moved forward, forming on the right of Benteen's, and advanced toward the next skirt of timber, where the enemy was reported to have reformed for a renewal of the fight. After a feeble resistance he withdrew. The pursuit was kept up until night. Here we diverged and marched about four miles to Fort Scott and camped for the night. Men and horses were worn out and exhausted; a short respite was a necessity. However, on the morning of the 27th, in obedience to an order of the major-general commanding, I followed on the enemy's trail

