
them are worthy of the highest commendation, and have written the names of the Missouri State Militia on the page of history side by side with the best soldiers in the Union army.

Acknowledging the high military abilities and preserving energy of Major-General Pleasonton in securing to the country the splendid and gratifying results of this arduous campaign,

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CLIFFORD THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Division.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and actions of the First Brigade while operating under Brigadier-General Sanborn, commanding in the late campaign after the rebel forces under Price. This report has been thus far deferred on account of my serious affliction of sore eyes and prostrate health:

On the 8th day of October I had been engaged all the afternoon skirmishing and fighting with the enemy from Jefferson City west to the Moreau. At night I had selected position and gone into camp when I received the order assigning me to the command of the First Brigade of your cavalry division. The brigade was composed of the First Iowa Cavalry, Major McDermott commanding; First Missouri State Militia, Major G. W. Kelly commanding; Seventh Missouri State Militia, Lieutenant Colonel T. T. Crittenden commanding. On the morning of the 9th I moved at 5 a. m. and pressed rapidly forward to the junction of the two roads leading from Jefferson City to Russellville, where I found that the general commanding had passed with the remainder of the division, and had struck the enemy's rear and was pressing him with great vigor through Russellville. I closed up immediately and so marched until we arrived at this town. Here it was determined, in view of the enemy's supposed purpose o carry his main column to Versailles, to move on his right flank and gain California at an early hour. I was ordered to bring up my brigade and take the advance on account of my knowledge of the route. I had not gone far before I discovered that the enemy had sent no inconsiderable force directly in my advance toward California, and on reaching an eminence within one mile of the town we discovered the enemy had formed a junction there of his entire army and had left Marmaduke's command to dispute our entrance into town. He was already in position just south and southeast of town, and on the appearance of the head of my column he opened on us with two guns, compelling us to halt, as our approach was through a narrow lane and the enemy had perfect range. The advance regiment, Fourth Missouri State Militia, was immediately dismounted and deployed, and the remaining regiments of the Missouri State Militia were promptly up and the Seventh thrown forward dismounted, with instructions to extend the line well to the left and move boldly on the enemy's right, while the First Missouri State Militia was dismounted and advanced to the center of our line, forming the connection between the Fourth and Seventh. The First Iowa Cavalry was quickly up and was held in reserve.

In the meantime a section of artillery, under command of Lieutenant Wachsman, had come up and was by the general commanding (who

