
was ever present to see and direct) assigned a position and began to reply vigorously to the enemy's guns, now shelling us with fearful precision. Our whole line advanced. The Seventh Missouri State Militia had moved at the double-quick, driving in the enemy's skirmishers, and came so suddenly upon his right a to cause it to give way as if alarmed. The enemy's position was much exposed to our artillery, and his center, to which this artillery practice was directed, soon fell in sympathy with his right, and the whole began to retire hurriedly to the north side of the railroad track, leaving their guns only partially protected, which fact was quickly discovered by the officer in charge, who "limbered up" and left in hot haste. The Seventh Missouri State Militia had now reached the town, and soon swept it of the last straggling rebel.

My casualties in this engagement were, 1 officer (Lieutenant Chambers), 1 sergeant, and 1 private Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, wounded with a shell. The loss of the enemy was much greater. Citizens of California informed me that they carried off large numbers of wounded.

I cannot in this connection fail to make special mention of the cool bravery and gallant conduct of Robert Weeden, commissary sergeant, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia. When his regiment dismounted to fight he had tied his horse, and supposing the men left in charge of the horses would bring his forward, as they brought up the others, he went on into town with the command. At dark he discovered that his horse had been left behind. Accompanied by Colonel Crittenden's orderly (Joshua Lorring, a faithful friend and true soldier) he started in quest of his horse. While hunting him these boys were approached from the brush by a party of straggling rebels, some twelve in number, who inquired of Weeden, "Is our boys in town?" "Yes." "Who are you; what commands?" was Weeden's inquisitive answer. "I belong to Colonel Slemons' brigade," was the answer. As quick as thought, Weeden shot him. The orderly's pistol failed to fire. Weeden followed up his work and succeeded in killing some three or four of the party and mortally wounding one. He got his horse, returned to camp, and in his coolness and modesty, scarcely considered his adventure worthy of mention.

We encamped with the division for the night at California. At daylight on the morning of the 10th we marched west, on the line of the Pacific Railroad, via Clark's Station and Tipton, when we turned north and moved direct for Boonville. After arriving within ten miles of Boonville night was on us, and we bivouacked for the night near the "coal mines." On the morning of the 11th our line of march was resumed. When a short distance out, in obedience to orders from the general commanding, I sent one regiment, the First Missouri State Militia, under command of Colonel McFerran, toward the Bell Air and Boonville road, on our left, with instructions to pass over, if possible, to the Boonville and Georgetown road, and ascertain whether or not the enemy was passing on these roads, and to gather all the information possible of his movements and designs. About 4 p. m. I was ordered to move with my entire brigade over to Georgetown and Boonville road, and if the enemy was found moving his train westward, to attack it fiercely, and if unable to capture it to punish him severely, or if the enemy was found not to have moved west to attack his pickets, drive them in, and feel the enemy well, to ascertain his position and strength. I twas dark when I tapped the road. I soon learned the enemy was not passing west. Eight miles from Boonville I found

