
defenses and was fighting gallantly, when he discovered that the garrison had precipitately [fled] and left him unsupported. He was instantly surrounded and himself and 27 of his company were taken prisoners and irregularly paroled by the mock general Jeff. Thompson. On the 19th I moved my brigade, in obedience to the order of the general commanding, about seven miles to Brownsville, with instructions to observe the movements of the enemy and collect important information. At Brownsville Brigadier General E. B. Brown came up, and in pursuance of orders of Major-General Pleasonton assumed command of the brigade, whereupon I returned to the command of my regiment.

Thanking the staff officers of General Sanborn for the uniform courtesy shown me, and acknowledging my grateful appreciation of the marked kindness of the general himself.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the District of Central Missouri, commanded by Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown.*

October 6.-The enemy, variously estimated at from 12,000 to 20,000 strong, under command of Major General Sterling Price, entered the eastern portion of the district about twenty-five miles south and east of Jefferson City, the headquarters of the district having been temporarily transferred to that point in order to operate more effectually against the enemy (who was known to have entered the southeast portion of the State some days previous), and on the evening of the 6th instant the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry engaged the enemy's advance at the crossing of the osage River at Prince's Shoals. In this engagement Second Lieutenant George W. Houts, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, was severely wounded in the face.

October 7.-The enemy advanced on Jefferson City, driving our forces before them, and approaching within full view of the line of the rifle-pits and earth works that had been hastily thrown up for its defense. After a skirmish of an hour and three-quarters, evidently for the purpose of ascertaining our strength and position, and during which we succeeded in dismounting one of the enemy's guns, the enemy moved west and abandoned the attack.

October 8.-Major-General Pleasonton arrived at Jefferson City, and on assuming command at once started the entire mounted force (about 3,500 men) in pursuit of the enemy, who was now moving leisurely toward Boonville, occupying that place from the 9th to the 11th instant. The enemy moved toward Lexington; thence toward Independence, at which place they were overtaken by Major-General Pleasonton on the 22nd and driven from the town. On the following day they were hotly engaged and routed on the Big Blue (seven miles south and east of Kansas City), and at once moved south along the border of the district until overtaken on the 25th instant at Mine Creek, near Fort Scott, where they again made a stand, and after a spirited engagement were routed with a loss of over 100 in killed and wounded, 10 pieces of artillery, and

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

