
During the whole expedition, extending from the time we started to our return to the train throughout six days (on three days' half rations), the officers and men behaved in the best possible manner, not only under fire in patiently bearing up against privations of no ordinary character without a murmur.

Before closing this report I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration for the conduct of Brigadier-General Watie and Gano, their officers and men, and especially that of Captain John T. Humphreys, and his men of the light battery,who behaved in the most gallant manner under my immediate personal observation.

Lieutenant Johnson, commanding detachment from Captain Colbert's company (K, First Chickasaw Regiment); Sergt. J. H. Johnson, Jonathan Garrison, John Bricham,and Napoleon Mitchell were conspicuous for their bravery in bringing off the disabled piece of Lee's battery, while orders of the same company who constituted my escort rendered important assistance.

Colonel Adair, Colonel Bell, Lieutenant-Colonels Brewer, Saladin Watie (son of General Watie), and others are mentioned for their bravery and good conduct by their immediate commanders, to which I desire to call attention.

Captain Howell and the Choctaws, under Colonel S. N. Folsom, having been held in reserve, much to their disappointment, were not engaged. Their selection for the reserve shows my appreciation of their courage and steadiness, and that upon them the command mainly depended for support in case of need, and for a nucleus upon which to rally in case the enemy had proved more numerous and less timid than he did at Fort Smith.

To the officers of my staff - Captain B. W. Marston, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant T. C. Dismuke, ordnance officer; Colonel Jack Coarser, military instructor of Indian division,and Mr. Cal. Thompson, volunteer aide-de-camp - for their cordial and energetic assistance throughout the expedition I am under lasting obligations.

The demonstration in front of Fort Smith resulted in driving the whole Union population of Sebastian County within the town, thus increasing the enemy's embarrassments on account of food, and in satisfying me that the enemy was weaker and more demoralized than I had anticipated. A vigorous attack with the whole force, though doubtless it would have been attended with heavy loss on our side, I believe would have resulted in the capture of the place. It was, however, too hazardous after the enemy's detachments were recalled to undertake any further operations in that direction. Our horses being worn down, men tired and hungry,and the force under my command much weakened by the expiration of the term of enlistment on the part of the larger portion of the Choctaw Brigade, it was deemed advisable to fall back to the vicinity of our depot for rest, and to give time for reorganizing and recruiting the Indian brigades.

Referring to accompanying reports from subordinates for further particulars,

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

A. A. G., Dist. of Indian Territory, Fort Towson, C. N.

