
to advance, Colonel Winslow's brigade being in the front; a few volleys more and the column halted at about 10 p. m., the conflict ending for the night. My men lay upon the road during the remainder of the night, holding their horses, both having been without food since the night previous, and suffering for water. About sunrise in the morning, and before any orders, were received to move, I was relieved of the command of my regiment by orders of Major-General Pleasonton, with out any cause being given. It is but justice in this connection to say that the regiment during the campaign, while under my command, nobly did its duty, and at the battle of Independence behaved with distinguished gallantry.

The casualties in the campaign, while under my command, are as follows: In action October 6, 1864, on the Osage, below Jefferson City, Private Wright J. Hill, Company D, killed; Private Samuel Howard, Company D, mortally wounded; Sergt. James C. Triplett, Company D, slightly wounded; Private Warren Mitchell, Company D, severely wounded; Private George Tyler, Company H, killed; Private John Harvey, Company H, mortally wounded; Private Jacob Evans, Company H, mortally wounded; Private William Collier, Company H, mortally wounded. In action on the move west of Jefferson City, October 8, 1864, Sergt. William L. Powell, Company A, slightly wounded. At Sedalia, Mo., October 15, 1864, George Sparks, private, Company D, killed. At Georgetown, Mo., October 14, 1864, Lieutenant Triplett, Company D, was severely wounded by pistol-shot, accidentally. In action at Independence, October 22, 1864, First Lieutenant John D. Mullins, Company F, mortally wounded; Private William H. Royston, Company A, severely wounded; Private Richard Owings, Company G, severely wounded; Corpl. James C. Wood, Company K, slightly wounded.

In relation to the action on the Osage, below Jefferson City, October 6, 1864, you are respectfully referred to Major Mullins' official report, a copy of which is forwarded herewith, marked A.

The los sustained by the enemy in the several engagements is not known, but must have been severe.

At Independence Colonel Young was mortally wounded and Captain Davidson severely wounded, both of the C. S. Army, fell into our hands as prisoners of war.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES MCFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

General E. B. BROWN,

Jefferson City, Mo.

Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Warrensburg, Mo., November 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the colonel commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division, that by verbal orders of Major-General Pleasonton, commanding, on the morning of the 23rd of October, 1864, I assumed command of the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, near Big Blue. I moved forward across Big Blue and with the balance of the brigade was engaged with the enemy during the whole of the action of that day.

