
Our casualties were as follows:* Total-killed, 3; wounded, 9.

After a rapid march from Big Blue to the Marais des Cygnes, and immediately after crossing said stream, my regiment, being in the advance of the brigade, was ordered to move forward rapidly to engage the enemy; after moving from three to four miles across the prairie at a trot and gallop, my skirmishers reported the enemy formed in line of battle in my front and extending far to my left and some distance to my right. I moved up my line to supporting distance of my skirmishers' line and halted to await the balance of the brigade, which was moving up in columns on my right. Seeing that I was outflanked on my left, I sent a messenger to General Pleasonton to acquaint [him] of the facts. He sent an order in return that he would send assistance immediately. About this time I saw the promised assistance coming up my left. At this moment my skirmish line was ordered to open fire, which drove in the enemy's skirmish line, and the enemy opened on my command with two pieces of artillery posted opposite my left. In a very few minutes the force on my left came up at a charge, and as soon as their lines, or as I think two columns of squadrons, was in line with me, I ordered the charge and advanced under a heavy fire of artillery and small-arms to within 200 to 300 yards, when I saw the force on my left begin to falter and fall back. I ordered my command to halt and commence firing. After a sharp action of some minutes the enemy began to give way on their extreme left; at the same time a move from their right, which I supposed was to support their left, but in a moment I noticed one of their battle-flags, which was immediately in my front, begin to move to the rear. I ordered my command to get ready to move forward, the most of them being dismounted on account of being armed with long guns. In the meantime the Fourth and Seventh Regiments Cavalry Missouri State Militia, on my right, were pressing down on the enemy, and in advance of my line; the force on my left had rallied and were bearing down on the left. A general charge was made, resulting in the capture of a number of guns, a large lot of horses and prisoners. I could not designate any particular capture made by my command, as I ordered them to let all prisoners, horse, &amp;c., pass to the rear, and we moved forward rapidly until portions of my command, the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and some Iowa troops, were far in the advance, when we were ordered to halt by, I think, an aide of General Curtis. Thus ended the battle of Little Osage or Mine Creek.

Our casualties were as follows:* Total-wounded, 27; missing, 1. Loss in horses in engagement in 23rd and 25th, 21 killed and 55 wounded, and equipments lost.

Marched to Fort Scott, remained there until 28th, when I was ordered to Warrensburg, Mo., as guard to captured artillery and prisoners of war, where we arrived in the vicinity the 1st of November; 2nd turned over prisoners and moved into Warrensburg and reported to the commanding officer of the post by order of Major-General Rosecrans.

Where all have done so well as the officers and men of my command have done it would be unjust to mention any particular officer or man; all have done their duty and done it well and satisfactory to their commanding officer.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. H. LITTLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

