
Numbers 19. Report of Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV.,Jefferson, Mo., October 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 1st instant, in obedience to orders from Colonel James McFerran, I reported to Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, with Companies D, F, H, I, and L, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, for orders. This battalion, with other forces, all under command of Colonel Philips, moved to the Osage River on the evening of the 1st instant and encamped near Bolton's Ford. From that time until 6th instant the command was constantly engaged in reconnoitering and scouting the country along and south of the Osage to ascertain the whereabouts of the rebel forces under Price and to resist as far as possible his advance. On the 6th instant while marching down the Osage on the north side it became apparent from the heaving firing of artillery that the rebel forces had attacked the guard posted at a ford below Castle Rock and that they were attempting to effect a crossing at that point; information was very soon received that some of their forces had already crossed the river. I was ordered by Colonel Philips to move forward with my command and vigorously attack the enemy and if possible regain possession of the ford. I had advanced about half a mile in the direction of the ford at which the rebel forces were crossing when my advance encountered a force of the enemy. My whole force, except Company H, which was held in reserve, was ordered forward, dismounted for action. Company I had been previously detached. Just before this I had been re-enforced by Lieutenant Houts, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, in command of a detachment of some ten or twelve of said regiment which had been thrown out on the road as picket. I pressed on and drove the enemy for some distance after driving his advance out of a strong position in a deep ravine and occupied the same with my command. I sent word to Colonel Philips advising him of the situation; that the enemy seemed to be bringing up a large force and was also swinging around to flank us, and consequently asked for immediate support, I maintained this position from fifteen to twenty-five minutes, a brisk skirmish being kept up all the while, when the enemy moved up in overwhelming numbers, attacking in front and on both flanks. No support having arrived and being unable to resist the attack my command was compelled to fall back.

My casualties in this engagement are as follows: Private Wright J. Hill, Company D, killed; Private Samuel Howard, Company D, mortally wounded; Sergt. James C. Triplett, Company D, slightly wounded; Private Warren Mitchell, Company D, severely wounded in head; Private George Tyler, Company H, killed; Private John Harvey, Company H, wounded in hip, mortally; Private Jacob Evans, Company H, wounded in face, mortally; Private William Collier, Company H, wounded in bowels, mortally. Lieutenant Houts, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, was severely wounded in face while bravely resisting the enemy's advance. Captain Meredith did all that a brave man and true soldier could do to save the command when retreat became inevitable. Captain Moore is entitled to equal commendation for his conduct throughout the engagement. I do not know what punishment

