
was inflicted upon the enemy, but some of their wounded that subsequently fell into the hands of our forces admitted it to have been severe, grater than ours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant T. DOYLE,

Adjutant.

Numbers 20. Report of Major George W. Kelly, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FOURTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Sedalia, Mo., November 3, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with circular dated headquarters First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Warrensburg, Mo., November 2, 1864, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 23rd of October, 1864, the Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under my command, forming part of First Brigade, Cavalry Division, then near the ford of Big Blue, moved forward in accordance with your orders, under a heavy fire from the enemy, and crossed Big Blue about 8 a. m. After passing the ford, which was accomplished with difficulty, owing to the many obstructions thrown in the way, I was ordered to charge the ridge beyond held by the enemy. Finding this would be impracticable, I received instructions from Colonel Winslow, [Fourth] Brigade, to dismount my command and move forward on the extreme left, which I immediately did under a steady fire from the enemy. I moved forward in line of skirmishers and endeavored to drive the enemy from the crest of the hill immediately in my front, which I succeeded in going after a contest of two hours. In this engagement Captain W. D. Blair was killed while gallantly leading his battalion, and Captains Vansickler and Hamilton, Lieutenants Dale and Bryson, wounded while leading their respective commands. Among the enlisted men I lost 7 killed and 44 wounded, a list of which I transmit herewith.* From this point I moved forward in connection with the brigade in the pursuit of the enemy and encamped for the night near Little Santa Fe. Moved at daybreak on the 24th; marched all day on Fort Scott road; passed Finneysville in the evening; halted a short time about midnight near Trading Post, Kans. Moved forward early on October 25, passed Trading Post and crossed the Marais des Cygnes, pressing the enemy before us. After passing the Marais des Cygnes, the brigade being in the advance, forced the enemy to a stand at Mine Creek, and in compliance with orders from you I formed the right wing of the brigade and took part in the grand charge then made, which resulted in the rout of the enemy. In this charge I captured 2 pieces of artillery and 1 battle-flag, besides many prisoners, the number of which I am not able to give. My loss in this engagement slight. I moved forward and encamped on the morning of the 26th at Fort Scott. On the morning of the 27th marched east twenty miles and encamped on Little Dry Wood. October 28, moved forward to Lamar, thence back to Muddy Creek. October 29, moved to Fort Scott, marched thence via Papinville and Germantown, to Warrensburg, Mo., where I arrived with my command on the 2nd instant. Total distance marched from October 25 to November 2, 260 miles.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

