
I cannot close this report without recurring to the noble conduct of the officers and men of my command in the engagements of the 23rd and 25th of October. Captains Missemer and Vansickler, Lieutenants Kerr and Ruley, deserve especial mention. Among the non-commissioned to whom praise is due are Sergeants Sapp and Grice, commanding companies, and Sergt. James R. Harman, who captured the battle-flag.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 21. Report of Captain Oscar B. Queen, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the facts connected with the capture of a portion of Company M, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under my command, at Sedalia, Mo., on October 15, 1864, by the Confederates under General Jeff. Thompson:

By order of Lieutenant Colonel T. T. Crittenden, commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, I left General Sanborn's command sixteen miles from Georgetown on Lexington road October 15, and proceeded with thirty-three men to meet and guard an ammunition train from Georgetown back to the command. On reaching there I could hear nothing of it, but after remaining two hours or more information was brought me that Shelby was two miles below Georgetown, advancing with the intention of attacking Sedalia. I proceeded to Sedalia and found everything under excitement, the information having reached there in advance of me. I found the city well intrenched with a force of between 600 and 800 men, citizens and home guards, under command of Colonel Crawford, Enrolled Missouri Militia. Colonel Crawford requested me to place my men in the intrenchments and help to defend the town. I accordingly dismounted my men and had scarcely placed them at a suitable point before the rebels made their appearance and commenced bombarding the town. On the first explosion of shell my citizen support deserted me, and one general stampede of citizens and home guards took place, notwithstanding the efforts of Captains Wilson and Darst to keep them to the work. I was occupied during this time with the column advancing on the point where I was, and held it at a respectable distance until the enemy's remaining force had advanced over the deserted fortifications in my rear and taken possession of the town. Charging up on my rear they demanded my surrender. I saw immediately that I was deserted, and in order to save my little squad I must yield, which I did. I understand that Colonel Crawford ordered the evacuation of the town immediately after the rebels came in sight; if so, he was very culpable in not notifying me of the fact. I received no word or order from him from the moment he requested me to help defend the town up to my surrender. I went in with thirty-three men, ten of whom escaped, having been left to guard my horses. We were treated well and my men protected. Late in the evening General Thompson ordered my men in front of

