
the depot, where he administered an oath to them that they would "not gain take up arms until exchanged," telling them if he again captured them before an exchange he would kill them. I protested against such parole and told him it would not be respected by the Federal Government. He took my address, Lieutenant R. T. Berry's, my first lieutenant, and Lieutenant Knapp's, Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, charging me at the time that he would hold me responsible for forty-five men. The increase on the number of my men arose from the fact that there were small squads of soldiers from other commands there at the time sick-Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, Merrill's Horse, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Fourth were represented. On the morning of the 16th I left Sedalia on the cars and reached Jefferson City October 17, 1864, where I now respectfully await orders, deeming the parole worthless.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR B. QUEEN,

Captain, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Captain A. R. CONKLIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Central Missouri.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., October 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

His parole is not binding.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding.

Numbers 22. Reports of Colonel Rudolph Poser, Thirty-fourth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CAMP COLLEGE HILL,

Jefferson City, October 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that I found no enemy's forces on this side of the Osage River, viz, between the railroad and the Missouri River, and also about one mile and a half south of the Pacific Railroad. As soon as I arrived at the Moreau bridge I sent out skirmishers on the above-mentioned tract of land, and arrived safely at the Osage River. The bridge and the buildings on both sides of the river had been burned, as already stated in my dispatch. After the train left with the dispatches to you, two companies from my regiment and one company from the Twenty-eighth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia arrived at the other side of the bridge. Inclosed you will find the reports of the commanders, Captains Onken, Eitzen, and Sullins. One company from this command, was taken prisoners, commanded by Lieutenant Berger.

