
From the best information I could get the enemy's force is about 500 to 800 strong with some two or three pieces of artillery. The different commanders on the Pacific Railroad retreated under great excitement-Enrolled Militia.

General, I hope you will give me a chance to blot out the stain from the regiment.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, yours,

R. POSER,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

General BROWN.

COLLEGE HILL,

Jefferson City, Mo., October 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that the second lieutenant, Slinkman, of Company D, Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, arrived here with twenty of his command; also one private of Company B, Captain Eitzen, and two privates of Company H, of Captain Koening's command. Lieutenant Slinkman reports to me that the whole command, under Lieutenant Berger, were taken prisoners on the east side of Osage bridge on Wednesday, the 6th of October; that he was marched to California, and there paroled with his men, with one private of Company B, and two privates of Company H. the commanding officer, Lieutenant Berger, with twenty-nine men, had already been paroled at Westphalia. We were attacked at the bridge by a force of about 200 men at about 7 a. m. We fired on them from the block-house and drove them back. After that they sent in a flag of truce, upon which we surrendered, with their promise that they should parole us as soon as they could reach headquarters. Before we surrendered we found we were surrounded by about 2,500 men, with two pieces of artillery. After the surrender they took all our arms and ammunition, and stripped us of the necessary clothing. We were also treated very roughly by the men. Our rations were only one pint of flour and about one-fourth of a pound of bacon, and were marched most of the time at double-quick. At Westphalia we were informed that we had killed nine of the rebels and wounded two of them.

The number of arms and accouterments lost were as follows: 49 Austrian rifles and accouterments, and 100 rounds of ammunition for each man. The command at the bridge was strong; two commissioned officers and forty-nine enlisted men.

One commissioned officer and twenty-nine enlisted men were paroled at Westphalia. One second lieutenant and twenty enlisted men arrived here.

R. POSER,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

General E. B. BROWN.

Numbers 23. Report of Captain Francis Onken, Thirty-fourth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CAMP COLLEGE HILL, October 6, 1864.

Company A and B arrived at Gasconade bridge on the 3rd of October about 2 o'clock. Both companies took possession of the

