
block-house west of the river; Captain Eitzen took command of the post. There were rumors about that the rebels were in or about Hermann. About 6 o'clock we heard cannons fired in the direction of Hermann. Two men of Captain Eitzen's threw away their arms and swore they would not stay to defend the bridge while their property in Hermann was destroyed. They started over the bridge toward Hermann. At about 10 o'clock they returned and reported the rebels in Hermann firing the town; that they had cannons on a train ready to go to Gasconade and destroy the bridge. Captain Eitzen went out of the block-house with his company, saying, "We have to fall back to Jefferson City;" most all of my men followed him out the house. I went out and called my men to come back, as I intended to stay there. Captain Eitzen said, "Captain Onken, I will stay by you," but I did not hear him order his men back. He started up the railroad and was soon out of sight. I called my men together, and found that I had but twenty-six men left; the others had gone with Captain Eitzen. I then sent a squad of men to the east side of the river to destroy the railroad. They took out some rails and threw them in the river. I sent two scouts across the Gasconade River on a crossing of roads toward Hermann to see whether they would send any force in our flank, as there is a ford in the river about two miles above the bridge. I also sent out two men to bring in horses and men to use as scouts. The first two scouts never returned, and were probably taken prisoners or killed.

Everything kept quiet till morning. We did not receive any reliable information about the rebels. In the afternoon I noticed four men on horseback on the bluff on the east side of the river; I sent a squad of four men over, who reported that they saw from twelve to fifteen men riding on the hills. They also were informed by a farmer's wife, who lives in sight of the bridge, that two rebel officers took dinner at his house the same day. Captain Eitzen came to me and asked me, within hearing of our men, what I was going to do, whether I was going to stay; that we were surrounded, and it was impossible for us to keep the post. I told him that I was going to stay. After awhile Captain Eitzen called the men together in camp, and after telling them that we were surrounded, asked them what they were going to do; whether they wanted to stay or leave in the morning at 4 o'clock. All men that wanted to leave should hold up their right hand; most all the men were in for leaving. A scout now came in and reported that he had been taken prisoner about four miles from camp, on the east side of the river. He reported that

there was about a regiment of rebel lying around the hills near the river, and 6,000 more coming on boats. Another scout came in then, who reported he met with rebels, who fired at him. He came back through the woods, and saw several squads of rebels, who went around stealing horses from the farmers. Captain Eitzen reported that he had but sixteen of his men left. The picket reported he heard trees falling on the bluff in sigh of the bridge. The men then all got up, and said they were going to leave right off. I took a hand-car and had the spare muskets and the cartridges put on; there went six men of my company with it. The hand-car I found burned about one mile this side of the Osage bridge. The men probably were taken prisoners. I staid in camp still all were gone. There were about ten men with me there when I started for Medora. Here I found Captain Eitzen. We heard the Osage bridge was burnt. We concluded to march to the bridge, and got there about 4 o'clock, afternoon. I never would left the Gasconade bridge if my men had staid with me. I

