
all the time, my men took possession of the first house in the woods. After my men became a little more composed I commanded them in the name of the State of Missouri and begged them for my sake to return with me to the fort. After much trouble part of the men started back with me to the fort, and I reported to Captain Onken at 12 o'clock that night. Some of the men had started for home and refused to go back to the fort, and I had no power to enforce it, saying that they would rather be shot on the spot than to stay and leave all their families at the mercy of the rebels. This was not only the case with my company, but also with Captain Onken's company, he having lost about as many men out of his company as mine. We held the four until the next evening, when we wee bound to evacuate it. Before doing so, however, I asked the opinion of all the men in the fort, whether there was the least chance of holding it, and it was the unanimous opinion that we had not the least chance to hold it, as we were surrounded on all sides by about 6,000 men, and that all our scouts had been captured except two, one of them having been fired at three times. By a very fortunate circumstance we had a good guide, and by circumventing their pickets we passed safely through and made that night a forced march to Medora. On t he way I lost about ten of my men by not being able to stand the fatigue of the march. As soon as we got to Medora we heard that the Osage bridge was burning and that no dispatches could be sent to Jefferson City. A scout also came in stating that the country back of Medora was full of bushwhackers. We therefore made up our minds to march to the Osage ridge, intending to fight our way through or die in the attempt. When we arrived at the Osage bridge we found that the rebels had been there a few hours before and had left, but were still in the neighborhood. We fortunately got a flat-boat and got safely over, and reported to Colonel Poser. Colonel Poser informed me that I should consider myself under arrest, and I am so now in camp. As I can prove the above facts by my men and others who acted as scouts and came up with us, I ask the favor of you to have the general to institute a court of inquiry into my acts, and if found innocent of the charge made against me that I can be released again and take again charge of my company. My men are entirely broke down and are without the necessary clothing.

In the above statement I forgot to mention that before we evacuated the fort the pickets had reported that the rebels had cut down two trees in range of the fort and were then planting cannon, and that in case we did not evacuate the fort we would all be butchered. Even Captain Onken was unable any more to burn the bridge, as were his orders, in case he should have to evacuate the fort.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

CHARLES D. EITZEN,

Captain Company B, Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Colonel POSER.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain John Sullins, Thirty-four Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CAMP COLLEGE HILL, October 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I took possession of the west end of Osage bridge October 3, p. m., with my command.

24 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

