
Lieutenant Berger took possession of the east end of the same bridge. I heard no report of the enemy before October 5. In the morning about daylight information came to me by Mr. Williams, a citizen from Loose Creek, that the buildings at that place had been destroyed. About sunrise Lieutenant Berger was attacked on three sides by a large force. I could see the enemy for at least a mile up the Osage River in force, they also fired across the river at our block-house; we returned the fire. After some ten or fifteen minutes Lieutenant Berger ceased firing. I saw a flag of truce come to Lieutenant Berger, and in a few minutes I saw that the enemy had full possession of the east end of the bridge, and that they had taken Lieutenant Berger's command prisoners, and had them marched up, from the best I could see, in range of our fire. In a few minutes I saw a flag of truce coming across the bridge to me. When it came it was a written demand for an unconditional surrender of me and my forces. I refused. The flag of truce returned-I being determined to hold the block-house and defend the bridge as far as I could. My men being raw militia, inexperienced in the service, and from what I could see the enemy was preparing to fire into our block-house with artillery, and there being a great panic among a portion of my men, and believing that if I fired across the river at the enemy that Lieutenant Berger's command would be exposed, and that it was impossible to hold the bridge against the artillery, we evacuated the place.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

JOHN SULLINS,

Captain Company C, Thirty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Colonel POSER.

Numbers 26. Report of Major Lewis H. Boutell, Forty-fifth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIFTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Jefferson City, October 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Companies F and I, under command of Adjutant Hill, were, by order of General Brown, sent forward on the road leading from the fair-ground to support a section of artillery which was to be sent there. On reaching the road beyond the fair-ground Adjutant Hill was ordered by a general officer, name unknown (but think General Sanborn), to deploy one of the companies as skirmishers and to relieve his line, which he did. The road was filled by cavalry of the Sixth Missouri State Militia. After deploying one company as skirmishers he was ordered by a colonel of cavalry to send the company retained as reserve on the flank to prevent a flank movement. This was done, but it was too late, as the enemy were already on the flank. The cavalry left in disorder, and finding the infantry alone and unsupported, the order was given to fall back. The men, considering they had to be formed under fire and were new soldiers, behaved well. Loss as far as known was 3 killed, 9 wounded, and 4 missing in action.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. BOUTELL,

Major, Commanding.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri.

