
Numbers 27. Reports of Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Army, commanding District of Rolla and Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

SAINT LOUIS, November 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, while under the command of Major-General Pleasonton, in the late pursuit of the rebel army under Sterling Price:

In obedience to General Field Orders, Numbers 1, October 16, 1864, I joined the brigade and assumed command at Kirkpatrick's Mill the night of October 19. The brigade was composed of the following troops: The Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, U. S. Volunteers, under Colonel Beveridge; Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, under Colonel Catherwood; Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Eppstein; and detachments of Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Draper; Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews; Seventh Kansas Cavalry, U. S. Volunteers, under Major Malone; Second Missouri Cavalry, U. S. Volunteers (Merrill's Horse), under Captain Houston. At 2.30 a. m. I moved, pursuant to orders, to Davis' Brigade, reaching it about noon, and waited the arrival of the other brigades At 1 p. m. received orders to move on in the direction of Lexington. Camped at dark within ten miles of that place, when I received orders to occupy the city that night. Immediately broke up camp and entered Lexington at 12 o'clock that night. The Fifth Missouri State Militia, Lieutenant-Colonel Eppstein, in advance, was fired on by two separate parties in the suburbs of the town, but steadily pushing forward dispersed them and captured seven prisoners. Finding the city evacuated by the enemy, I bivouacked my men in the streets, and awaited morning, having marched day and night without an opportunity for feeding horses. No forage in Lexington, and by order of general commanding, I moved in the morning (21st of October) via Waverly, and was compelled to camp at night on Fire Creek Prairie, again, without forage. I marched at 5 a. m. (October 22) to the crossing of the Little Blue, where we found the bridge destroyed and the ford impracticable for wagons and artillery. A temporary bridge was rapidly constructed under the supervision of the commanding general, and artillery and train crossed, while, with a part of my brigade, I went forward and attacked the enemy's rear guard, composed of two brigades, General Fagan's division. I deployed everything, and steadily drove the enemy from position after position (although he was supported by well-served artillery) until he was forced several miles to the edge of Independence. The skirmishing was at times heavy, and the artillery of the enemy admirably served, but my officers and men held their ground at all points and punished the enemy severely. Being ordered to charge, I mounted my regiments as they came up, ordering the Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Volunteers to charge through the town, and fall ont he enemy's rear, saber in hand. This order was gallantly executed, Colonel Catherwood leading the charge. This charge was brilliantly supported by the Seventh Kansas and Seventeenth Illinois charging in close order, and resulted in the capture of two guns, and the killing and wounding and capturing a large number of the enemy. For the casualties of this day I respectfully refer you to reports of the regimental officers and of Surgeon Cundiff, acting brigade surgeon. I

