
am confident that this day's work of the Second Brigade did much to convince the enemy of the fighting qualities of our men and to inspire a wholesome respect for their prowess, thereby aiding us much in subsequent attacks.

I moved at 12 o'clock that night under orders to march to the junction of the Independence with the Little Santa Fe road, after leaving the Third Missouri State Militia, Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, as a provost guard at Independence, by order commanding general. At 4 a. m. October 23 I flanked a large camp on the opposite side of the Blue, and near the Byram's Ford. I ascertained it to be the enemy. I sent a detachment of the Second Missouri Cavalry (Merrill's Horse) to the ford. Halted to feed horses, having marched two days and nearly two nights included without forage. At daybreak a heavy firing commenced on my right and in the direction of Westport. I moved on toward Hickman Mills, expecting to be able to strike Price's flank, moving cautiously about four miles, firing having ceased for some time, when suddenly If found myself in contact with the entire force of the enemy. I at once formed my brigade in line, advanced my skirmishers, and opened on their column with a section of Captain montgomery's battery (3-inch Rodman rifles). The enemy had formed their line of three lines deep and actually surrounded me on three sides. My skirmishers (Seventh Kansas and Merrill's Horse) most gallantly pressed up to the main line of the enemy's center. In the meantime he had placed batteries in three different locations and opened a well-directed cross-fire upon Montgomery; I was consequently compelled to move him some 400 yards to the left, recall my skirmish line, and occupy the new position. I determined to hold this position at all hazards, in hopes that the remaining brigades would come up. Toward night the enemy retired, leaving about 40 of their dead on the ground. In the morning (October 24) pushed on their trail, passing between Hickman Mills and Little Santa Fe, where I then learned that the other brigades were: pushed on and met them abut twelve miles from Santa Fe, where our lines of march intersected. I finally fell into column in rear of First Brigade, and having received orders to move forward and attack the enemy wherever I should find him, day or night, I continued marching until 12 p. m., when I received an order through a staff officer of General Sanborn (Lieutenant Murphy), given in the name of the commanding general, to halt and go into camp, carefully keeping down all fires, as we were in shelling distance of the enemy. About daylight I learned from Major McKenny, of Major-General Curtis' staff, that an error must have been committed, as no such order could have been given by the general commanding. I immediately moved forward at a trot.

Daylight October 25, at Trading Post, an orderly rode up, directing me to hold the river and act as a reserve. In a few minutes later, however, I received through Major Charlot, of General Curtis' staff, an order to hasten up at speed, and to leave my artillery with Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, commanding Fourth Brigade, after which it did not report to me during the expedition. I immediately started on a gallop and continued it for ten miles, when I got engaged with the enemy, directly after crossing the Marmiton, who were strongly posted in a large corn-field and in the edge of the timber skirting the prairie. The Fifth Missouri State Militia dismounted and most gallantly charged, throwing down the fence in the face of a severe fire, while the balance of the brigade charged on horseback. The enemy were completely routed, scattering in disorder, throwing away their arms and leaving many of their killed and wounded. I continued the pursuit through

