
the prairie for several miles, and finally about 3.30 brought their entire force to bay near Shiloh Creek. Here I was joined by the Fourth Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen, and by order of commanding general I formed both brigades into a double line of battle. Price's entire army formed and resolved themselves into a quadruple line, abut 800 yards in front, and notwithstanding their line was made four deep, they outflanked me both to the right and to the left. I endeavored to charge and was gallantly supported in the effort by Colonel Benteen, but the utmost exertions of officers and men could not move the horses to a trot or a gallop. I steadily advanced in line at a walk toward the enemy, who continued to retire, gradually massing his flanks upon his center, when their flight became more rapid, and in pursuance of orders from commanding general I bivouacked my command on the battle-field, passing another night without either forage or rations. In the morning moved to a corn-field and fed, receiving orders to march via Lamar. About 10 a. m. I renewed the pursuit of Price, and found his trail well defined with the debris of burning wagons-artillery ammunition scattered along the road for miles, camp equipage, mess kits, plunder, and arms thrown away, all evinced the demoralization consequent upon the vigorous attacks of the preceding day. I secured a large flock of sheep, which I dispatched under guard to the quartermaster at Fort Scott. At his camp over 200 wagons were destroyed by him. At least forty wagons were uninjured, among them several wagons loaded with small-arm ammunition, most emphatically telling the condition the flying rebels were reduced to. I was delayed here several hours. Price having destroyed the ford and obstructed the road,s felling heavy timber across them. Finally cleared the track and pushed on to Shanghai, arriving at 11 p. m., where, in accordance with the orders of the commanding general Cavalry Division, I reported to Major-General Curtis.

The officers and men of the brigade are entitled to the highest praise for their gallantry in attacking the enemy and for the cheerfulness with which they endured the privations and fatigues of this most exhausting campaign. The regimental commanders, each and every one, did their whole duty, and were well supported by their line officers. To my staff-Captain H. N. Cook, Ninth Missouri State Militia, ordnance officer and inspector; Captain C. G. Laurant, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Acker, Seventeenth Illinois, aide-de-camp-- I am under obligations for their gallant support, and I would particularly mention Lieutenant E. G. Manning, Eighty-first U. S. Colored Troops, for his assiduous attention to duty, and his conduct in the face of the enemy. To Lieutenant J. S. Taylor, Second Missouri Cavalry Volunteers (Merrill's Horse), acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant L. Whitney, acting commissary of subsistence, I would here make grateful acknowledgments for the patient and thorough manner in which they each discharged their duties.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant CLIFFORD THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that in accordance with orders received October 26, from Major-General Pleasonton, commander

