
of Cavalry Division, at Shanghai, Barton County, Mo., at 11 p. m. October 26, 1864. The next day continued the pursuit of Price's retreating army, arriving at Newtonia 9 p. m. October 28, where General Blunt had succeeded in forcing the enemy to action, which the Second Brigade arrived too late to participate in. Received orders to attack the enemy at daylight. At 4 a. m. October 29 my men were in saddle to move on toward the enemy, when I received orders from general commanding department to move with the brigade to the District of Rolla. Marched for Rolla, via Springfield, and October 30 camped nineteen miles from Springfield, when I received orders from Major-General Curtis to continue anew the pursuit of Price and to report to him at Cassville. My horses requiring shoeing, I went via Springfield and found 1,500 horses in the brigade to be shod; spent two days' and nights' constant work, and on 2nd of November left Springfield for Cassville, leaving a part of brigade to continue shoeing, and join me at Cassville. I arrived at Cassville 6th of November, joined by balance of command on the 7th, when, learning that the country before us was entirely destitute of forage, and believing that from the thoroughly jaded condition of my horses that an advance would insure their destruction, without the remotest prospect of ever catching up again with Price, I requested of the commanding general Department of the Missouri instructions, and received authority to return to Rolla. Leaving Cassville I proceeded through the southern tier of counties via Hartsville by easy marches, finding forage, and arrived at Rolla November 15, 1864.

The officers and men are entitled to the highest praise, not only for the gallantry with which they were always ready to attack the superior force of the enemy, but for the invariable cheerfulness with which they endured the privations and fatigues of this most exhausting campaign. Where all have behaved equally well it were invidious to make any distinctions. My regimental commanders, each and every one, did their whole duty, and were well supported by their line officers. To my staff-Captain H. N. Cook, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, ordnance officer and inspector; Captain C. G. Laurant, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Acker, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, aide-de-camp - I am under obligations for their gallant support, and I would particularly, for his assiduous attention to duty, and his conduct in the face of the enemy. To Lieutenant J. S. Taylor, Second Missouri Cavalry, U. S. Volunteers (Merrill's Horse), acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant L. Whitney, acting commissary of subsistence, I would here make grateful acknowledgments for the patient and thorough manner in which they each discharged their duties. For the number of horses absolutely destroyed by the extraordinary marching I was compelled to do, and the absence of forage, I would respectfully refer you to the report of Captain Cook, my inspector, already submitted to the chief of cavalry.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

