
I am under obligations for many acts of kindness and attention to my officers and men. I reached Saint Louis October 12, at midnight, where I received orders to return to the front. I started from Saint Louis the morning of the 14th of October, and reported to Major-General Rosecrans, at Jefferson City, the evening of the 16th of October, and by General Field orders, Numbers 1, was assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Major-General Pleasonton commanding. For details of the operations of the Second Brigade I would respectfully refer to my official report made to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Division.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Surg. William H. H. Cundiff, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, Actin Medical Director.

ROLLA, MO., December 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit in obedience to your request the further subjoined report of the casualties which occurred in the Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, of troops in the field during the late expedition in this State and Kansas against the rebels, commanded by General Sterling Price, and in so doing I will confine myself to such reports as are in my possession, made to my by the surgeons and assistant surgeons of the respective regiments composing said brigade, having lost all my personal notes which I had made during the campaign for the purpose of enabling me to make a full and complete report of all the casualties occurring in my brigade in different engagements, of Independence (October 22), Big Blue (October 23), and Osage (October 25, 1864). From all the reports, together with my personal knowledge, the following report will approximate if not entirely cover our losses in the above named battles.+

I would add the remark that all the cases that fell under my personal observation were skillfully and successfully treated by surgeons and assistant surgeons under my charge upon the most approved plan of army surgery. In conclusion, I desire to say that the highest praise is due the surgeons and assistant surgeons of the brigade for their hearty and efficient co-operation in caring for the sick and wounded during the arduous campaign.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. H. CUNDIFF,

Surg., 13th Mo. Cav. Vols. (Vet.), and Actg. Med. Director 2nd Brigadier

Brigadier-General MCNEIL,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div. Cav., Troops in the Field.

---------------

*See p. 371.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows the losses as follows: Independence, Mo., October 22, 1864, 2 men killed, 4 officers and 8 men wounded. Big Blue, Mo., October 23, 1864, 4 men wounded. Osage, Mo., October 25, 1864, 1 man killed, 11 men wounded.

---------------

