
Numbers 29. Reports of Colonel John L. Beveridge, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH CAVALRY,Rolla, Mo., October 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 30th ultimo, under orders from headquarters District of Rolla, I marched with two battalions, 15 officers and 450 men, to Saint James. the enemy had not appeared at that point, but was reported at Knob View, six miles beyond. Marching rapidly forward, I found the enemy, reported 150 strong, had burned a few cars, plundered a store, and fled southeast before our approach. This side of Knob View I overtook a drove of beef-cattle, numbering from 75 to 100, moving toward the rebel lines. Taking them to be supplies for the rebel army, I arrested the parties in charge, and sent them and the cattle back to Captain Ferguson, in command at Saint James, with instructions to send all to Rolla. The command marched along the railroad toward Cuba, and just at dark the rear of a column was discovered crossing the track to the left. Thick woods and darkness prevented a vigorous pursuit. They went down Brush Creek to the north, and were probably the same party that committed the depredations at Knob View. The command encamped at Cuba. The enemy, from 200 to 400 in number, had visited Cuba the previous night, burning the station-house and warehouse, tearing up the railroad track, and leaving about midnight. I sent Sergeant Stafford, Company L, and three men to Steelville, who returned at 5 a. m., and reported that no enemy in force had appeared at that point. I could obtain no reliable information of the enemy. The people were much alarmed, and the wildest rumors prevailed. General Ewing was reported retreating with his command from Pilot Knob across the country toward Leasburg, out of ammunition and subsistence, and severely pressed by the enemy. On the morning of the 1st I marched cautiously toward Leasburg, determined to effect a communication with General Ewing or make a demonstration upon the enemy in his favor. Fortunately, no enemy impeded the march, and early in the day the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry reached Leasburg, and was joyously greeted by the forces of General Ewing. Under the direction of General Ewing several scouting parties were sen tout, and at night the general retired his force toward Rolla, two squadrons of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, under command of Major Fisher, leading the column, and the other squadrons under my immediate command covering the rear. Captain Baker with his company (F) remained till daylight to destroy all Government stores abandoned. On reaching Saint James the command was relieved from further duty by General Ewing, and was marched to camp at Rolla.

All my officers and men behaved well, and I trust the honor will be given them of having saved from capture by the enemy General Ewing and his command and Colonel Thomas C. Fletcher, the next Governor of the State of Missouri.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. BEVERIDGE,

Colonel Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

