
Major General A. J. Smith's command, and remained until October 7. Then marched to within two miles of Union, Mo. October 8, marched twenty-eight miles to Boeuf Creek. October 9, received orders from General Smith to detail a squadron to report to him, and to march with the balance of the command to Jefferson City, Mo., as an escort to his Excellency Governor Hall. Arrived at Jefferson City October 11, 1864, and reported as per General Smith's order to Colonel Catherwood, commanding brigade. October 12, marched forty miles through California to Pisgah, Mo. At this place (California) Lieutenant D. O'Crane, Company C, Merrill's Horse, with 100 men of same regiment, was ordered by Colonel Catherwood "to march to La Mine Bridge, by forced march, and guard and hold the bridge, if possible, until further orders; move at the greatest possible speed." Lieutenant O'Crane, finding the bridge burnt, returned to his command. October 13, marched twenty miles. October 14, marched forty-five miles through Georgetown toward Lexington. October 15, marched fifteen miles. October 16, marched toward Dover and back again, eight miles. October 17, marched toward Georgetown. october 18, in camp. October 19, General John McNeil took command of the brigade, marched ten miles, and encamped. In the evening of October 20 received orders to move on toward Lexington, Mo., enter and hold the town, if possible. When the detachment arrived within one mile and a half of town I ordered Lieutenant Meager, Company A, Merrill's Horse, to proceed with his company to Lexington and ascertain whether or not Price's force shad evacuated the town as reported. Lieutenant Meager entered Lexington about 9 p. m.; found some 200 or 300 of Price's stragglers in town; he captured two officers (stragglers). In the darkness of the night Lieutenant Meager could not distinguish friend from foe, so he quietly retired and joined his command. After waiting an hour for he support (Fifth Missouri State Militia) promised by General McNeil, it failed to report, so the detachment moved back toward the main command. October 21, marched twenty miles toward Independence. October 22, marched thirty-five miles and participated in the fight at Independence. October 24, marched twenty-four miles. October 25, marched forty miles and participated in two charges, capturing some 8 or 10 prisoners, and in which some 5 or 6 of our men were wounded. October 26, marched thirty-five miles. October 27, marched forty miles. October 28, marched from Carthage to Newtonia, forty miles. October 29, marched thirty-five miles. October 30, marched twenty-three miles to Turn Back Creek. October 31, marched to Springfield, twenty miles. November 1 and 2, in camp at Springfield, having horses shod. November 3, marched twenty-six miles toward Cassville, Mo. Arrived at Cassville November 6, twenty-nine miles. November 7, in camp all day. November 8, marched toward Rolla, arriving at Rolla, Mo., November 15, 1864.

Numbers 31. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Eppstein, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV.,Camp Davies, Rolla, Mo., November 18, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Second Brigade, Rolla, Mo., November 15, 1864, I have the honor to

