
make the following report of the operations and participations of my command during the late campaign in Missouri:

September 30 I received orders to proceed to Lake Springs, twelve miles east of this place, with all available men of my command, as a corps of observation. I picketed all the principal roads leading to Rolla from north to southwest; had a slight encounter on the following night with a small party of Shelby's flankers, in which the enemy left three dead on the ground; no casualties on our side. I was recalled form this position with my command on the evening of the 3rd of October, 1864, and reached Rolla at 3 a. m. on 4th, from which place we started at 10 a. m. the same day for Jefferson City. After our arrival at Jefferson City I was assigned, with my command, the position of the left wing of the Second Brigade, being the southwest corner of the line of defense of said place, and commenced to repair immediately an old fort found at that position; at the same time employed my men in throwing up breast-works and rifle-pits. The enemy approached our lines about noon on the 7th of October, and was kept at a respectable distance by the shells thrown amongst them from Captain Sutter's battery. I anticipated the concentration and the attack of the western line, which was the one assigned for the defense of our brigade, and therefore sent out two squadrons to reconnoiter the position and intentions of the enemy; found him about five miles southwest from our line, encamped on said night. Not seeing any signs of approach on the morning of the 8th, I sent out skirmishers to feel the enemy, who became slightly engaged with their rear guard, and found that their main force had started west. I then received orders to report to Brigadier-General Sanborn with my command, who was assigned to the cavalry forces, to pursue, annoy, and delay the march of the enemy. Left Jefferson City on the 8th with a detachment of my regiment, 445 men in aggregate. Met next morning with the rear of Price's army near Stringtown, on the Versailles road, about fifteen miles southwest of Jefferson City, from where we commenced to skirmish to California, in Moniteau County, Mo., from which place they were driven by the forces under General Sanborn.

Left California on the 10th for Boonville, Mo., by way of Tipton' encamped at about eleven miles south of Boonville; reconnoitered on the 11th near and around said town. Received orders ont he evening of the 11th to proceed with my command to Boonville on the West Tipton road, if possible. Started at 4 a. m. on the 12th; crossed Shoemaker's Bridge about 5 a. m., where I encountered the rebel advance, about 300 strong. Major Kaiser, whom I had placed in command of my advance, consisting of Squadrons A and B, dismounted the same, forming a skirmish line on each side of the road and drove them back for about one mile, when they fell on their second position, which was occupied by about 800 or 900 men and very formidable, consisting of barns, stables, and rail breast-works on a very commanding ridge. Here I ordered Squadrons C and D to his assistance, but his line was still too weak for the forces that he had to contend with. Squadron A, on his right, came near being taken prisoner-if it had not been for the bold advance of his left wing and swinging around the rebel right, which made them fall back and give up their position. About the same time I brought them out of the notion of regaining their ground; we then drove them one mile farther to a third position, where I found their forces to outnumber mine ten to one, with two pieces of artillery. There I did not deem it prudent to advance farther unless

