
my rear would be covered by re-enforcements. I reported my condition to the brigade commander, Colonel Beveridge, who ordered me to withdraw my command and join the division, then ont he march to California, which was done in good order, whilst the enemy was throwing shells at us. Casualties on this occasion in my command were 2 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 2 slightly wounded. The enemy must have been seriously damaged from appearances; the extent I am not able to state. On hearing the next day that the enemy was making for Lexington city, we followed him in that direction by way of Georgetown; reached Cook's Store October 15; we remained there till 5 p. m. on the 16th, when I was ordered to make a reconnaissance to Brownsville, Saline County, about twelve miles distant, with 400 men from my regiment and 100 men of the Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under command of Major Leonard. When I arrived within two miles of said place, at 9 p. m., I was informed by farmers that Price's army was in camp near Brownsville. I had seen camp-fires five or six miles distant. i proceeded to Brownsville, where I learned that Shelby's brigade, under command of Jeff. Thompson, had passed through Brownsville about half an hour before my arrival; that he was encamped at about five miles west of Brownsville, with two pieces of artillery and a large drove of stock, consisting of mules and cattle; that Price's main force was about six miles east of Brownsville, I returned and encamped at Cook's Store, where I reported the result of my reconnaissance.

On the 17th the division marched back to Blackwater, where we drew three days' rations and started next day to Milford's Mill. Here we joined with our old and esteemed brigade commander, General McNeil. Left Milford's about 3 a. m. on the 18th. Arrived at Lexington the same night at 12 o'clock just as the rear of Shelby's brigade cleared the town, with some of whom we exchange d a few shots, but with what effect I could not ascertain, owing to the darkness of the night; seven were taken prisoners. Left Lexington on the 21st at 12 a. m.; camp at Sni Bottom; reached Big Blue about 10 a. m. 22nd of October, where we met the enemy's rear guard and commenced skirmishing. The enemy fell back to within gun-range from town, where he took a bold stand. The section of howitzers from my command, under the command of Lieutenant A. Hillerich, with Squadrons L and M as support, were sent to the front to open fire on the enemy, which was done effectually. The balance of my command acted as skirmishers on foot for about five miles and supported the charging column. Before them the enemy dispersed in all directions, leaving their guns in our possession. Casualties in my command: 1 killed, 1 severely wounded, since died. From there I moved with Second Brigade southwest to intercept the retreating foe. Commenced to skirmish with their flankers early next morning and engaged the main column about 10 a. m., seven miles southeast of Westport; found them too strong for our brigade to overcome; were ordered to withdraw.

On the 24th of October Second Brigade received orders to join the main column; was done and moved forward in pursuit of the enemy' caught up with them at Marais des Cygnes some time after midnight, where our advance opened fire on them at daybreak; we pursued them, crossed the river, and engaged them in battle about ten miles from the river. After the First Brigade's successful operations the Second Brigade was ordered to advance and take up the pursuit of the defeated enemy at a gallop; caught up with him about 2 p. m., where they had

