
taken position at a very eminent point in a large corn-field. Here my command was ordered to dismount and charge the field while the balance of the brigade charged mounted around the right wing. The charge was promptly and boldly executed by the whole brigade, dispersing the enemy in all directions, leaving a large number of dead and wounded behind. About 4 p. m. we caught up with the enemy again near Fort Scott, where he had made a stand, forming his whole force in line of battle; our forces also formed as fast as they came up and were steadily advancing on them, sending volleys from small-arms into their ranks from our right and our left, making them shiver and fall back. Owing to the over-exertion of our horses on his day we were unable to execute any quick cavalry movement or charge, which enabled the enemy to make his escape under the cover of the darkness of night and the smoke of prairie fire. After giving our horses one night and a half day's rest we renewed the pursuit of the retreating enemy in the direction of Newtonia, which place we reached the same day. After General Blunt's last engagement with the enemy in Missouri we left Newtonia for Springfield about noon on the 29th. Arrived at the latter place at 3 p. m., where I mustered my command, it being muster day, and found it in a deplorable condition; scarcely one-tenth of the horses were found serviceable owing to the forced marches and irregular supplies of forage and water. After turning over the unserviceable horses and sending the foot men back to Rolla, I left the camp near Springfield on the morning of the 3rd of November; 217 men aggregate. Reached Cassville on the evening of the 6th, where we remained up to the 8th of November, when the brigade started back to Rolla, Mo., by way of Ozark and Hartville. Whilst crossing the headwaters of the Roubidoux, the advance of the brigade captured some bushwhackers, who informed General McNeil that a certain rebel of the name of King was in the neighborhood and leading a band of bushwhackers, upon which information the general directed me with my command to scout through the country and clear it of such troublesome characters whenever I came across them. Upon which direction I divided my command in three detachments-one detachment, under the command of Major Kaiser, down Big Piney; one detachment, under command of Captain Charveaux, to Rolla by way of Licking,a nd I came with the third detachment by way of Spring Creek. Captain Charveaux and myself did not meet with any bushwhackers, but Major Kaiser met with a small band near McCourtney's Mill and engaged them, wounding 2 of them and captured 3 of their horses.

The command reached Rolla on the 15th of November after a tedious and wearisome campaign of forty-eight days.

In conclusion I must here state that with a few exceptions the offices and enlisted men under my command deserve credit for their noble conduct during the late campaign.

This report may not be as accurate and complete as it might be if I had had the facilities of making notes and little more time to complete it. In submitting it to your kind consideration I hope it will meet your approval.

General, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. EPPSTEIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Brigadier General JOHN MCNEIL,

Commanding District of Rolla.

