
Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,Rolla, Mo., December 2,1 864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following list* of killed, wounded, and missing of the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry in the late campaign in Missouri against the rebel army, commanded by General Price, viz:

At the battle of Independence-Officers wounded, 4; enlisted men wounded, 7. At the battle of Osage River-Enlisted men killed, 3;+ wounded, 11;+ missing, 1. In the battle of Glasgow-Wounded, 1. Full report of killed and wounded in this action not received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 33. Reports of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri and Third Brigade, Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, the part taken by my command in the recent campaign in Missouri against the rebel army, commanded by Major-General Price, while reporting to Major-General Pleasonton:

Under paragraph 5 of Special Orders, No. 1, dated headquarters U. S. forces, Jefferson City, Mo., October 8, 1864, I immediately proceeded with all the available cavalry force of the command and one battery of light artillery in the direction of the enemy. This command consisted of the following regiments and detachments, viz: First, Third, fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eight, and Ninth Regiments Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Sixth and Seventh Provisional Regiments Enrolled Missouri Militia, Second Arkansas Cavalry, First Iowa Cavalry, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, with Battery H, Second Missouri Light Artillery, to which was added one section of Battery L, Second Missouri Light Artillery, the whole under command of Captain Thurber, of Battery H, numbering in effective force pressed for duty about 4,100 men. This force was at once organized into brigades as follows: First Brigade, consisting of the First, Fourth, and Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry and the First Iowa Cavalry, under command of Colonel John F. Philips, of the Seventh Missouri State Militia; Second Brigade, consisting of the Third, Fifth, and Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry and the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, with a battery of mountain howitzers, under command of Colonel Beveridge, of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry;

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

+Two of these belonged to the other regiments temporarily attached to Thirteenth Missouri.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

