
induced me to move by the shortest route and by a rapid march to California for the purpose of striking his flank if he should turn north toward Boonville at High Point, and also for the purpose of moving rapidly on his flank during the night toward Warsaw, with a view of reaching that point before him, if he continued his march in that direction. The First Brigade, with one section of artillery, led in this march and the Second and Third Brigades followed, with another section of artillery with the rear brigade. The head of the column emerged from the timber upon the open prairie near California about 5 p. m., and found a large force of the enemy in that town, a portion engaged in tearing up the railroad and a large force in line of battle. The enemy opened with one section of artillery upon my advance immediately. The First Brigade was at once formed in close column of squadrons in rear of the crest of a ridge running eat and west, about half a mile south of the town, and dismounted and formed line in rear of this crest, the right extending northeast of the California and Russellville road, on which my command was marching, and the left extending in a southwesterly direction across this road toward the road leading from California to High Point. The section of artillery with the First Brigade, under Captain Thurber, went into position on the left of the road about 700 yards from the enemy's guns and opened a well-directed fire. Three squadrons of the First Iowa Cavalry, mounted, were ordered to our extreme left on the road leading from California to High Point, as a party of observation. The Second and Third Brigades were still in reserve with the exception of two regiments. The line was ordered to advance and moved forward with the utmost alacrity. The enemy soon ceased his fire and as the left of our line entered the town he fled with great precipitancy, leaving five dead on the field. Our loss was one man wounded in the First Brigade. It was now dark. Shelby's division moved to and occupied Boonville during the night. The main boyd of the enemy bivouacked on the Moniteau and moved out on the Boonville road at daylight. My command started at daylight also, and moved through Tipton, bivouacked on the Moniteau and moved out on the Boonville, on the Tipton, bivouacking for the night within nine miles of Boonville, on the Tipton and Boonville road. During the evening Fagan's division was reported moving into Boonville. Early in the morning of the 11th the Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia was sent across to the Boonville, Pisgah, and California road, with orders to Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, commanding, to advance up that road as far as possible. The balance of the Third Brigade was ordered forward on the Tipton and boonville road. At the same time Colonel Eppstein, of the Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, was ordered to proceed west to the Boonville and Georgetown road, and advance up that road, driving in the enemy's pickets and ascertaining whether the enemy had moved west or not. The Second Arkansas Cavalry, which had the advance of the Third Brigade, on the Tipton road, encountered the enemy's pickets about three miles south of Boonville, and drove them in in the most spirited manner. The enemy deployed a line of skirmishers about two miles in length. The Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia came up on the Pisgah road without opposition and joined the Second Arkansas Cavalry, and the enemy's skirmish line, though repeatedly re-enforced, was driven back to his main line. Lieutenant Gideon, Company H, Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, with one company advanced into the outskirts of the town and entered, and for a short time occupied two or three houses for protection to his men. The enemy opened artillery upon these houses and the line, and his main line

