
Blunt, giving the force and position of the troops from Kansas and indicating a state of readiness on the part of General Curtis and himself. On the same day I received information from your headquarters of the arrival of Winslow's brigade of cavalry and General Smith's corps at Sedalia, and your order reorganizing the cavalry and taking immediate command. I sent a dispatch to Major-General Blunt immediately upon receiving his dispatch informing him of the position of the enemy and of all our forces and intended movements, and having on this day, by order of the general commanding, moved the First Brigade to Boonville and the Second Brigade to Kirkpatrick's Mill, I moved with the Third Brigade to Cook's Store and halted. At 3 p. m. I received a dispatch from Major-General Blunt, then in Lexington, and sent one immediately in return. I ordered Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, to move forward on the Dover road at midnight till he should strike the main body of the enemy or reach the Missouri River. At 3 a. m. a dispatch from him announced that the rebel army had been moving through Dover west during the afternoon and evening of the 19th, and that cannonading was heard late in the evening in the direction of Lexington, adding that he would move forward and attack the force remaining in Dover. This information was immediately communicated to the general commanding, and the entire [force] at once commenced advancing. I sent dispatches to General Blunt on the evening of the 19th and again on the morning of the 20th. None of these dispatches reached him, and I consider it the most unfortunate thing of the campaign that he did not know our position and plans at this time. A determined stand by the forces in the enemy's front at Lexington, Little blue, or Independence, which would have been made, of course, if the commanding officers had been fully advised of our position and intended movements, would have brought all our forces, including the infantry, into action and the entire destruction of the enemy would seem to have been made certain.

On this day, General Pleasonton coming up in person, I assumed command of my brigade and moved forward in support of General McNeil's brigade, which held the advance. On the following day, 21st, I moved in the same order to Independence, where the leading brigade became quite heavily engaged with the enemy. Pursuant to orders from the general commanding I moved my brigade tot he right of the Second Brigade under a severe artillery fire, dismounted the men, formed in two lines, and advanced rapidly on the left of the enemy's position. Colonel Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, held the advance and moved forward through gardens, yards, and streets so rapidly that he captured a staff officer of General Cabell's and the general's sword, and their whole line commenced giving way. A charge by the Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Cavalry, simultaneously made, carried everything, and the enemy was routed, losing his artillery and many prisoners. The enemy reformed on the west bank of Stony Creek, and I moved by a circuitous route on our right with a view of turning this position. But before I reached the desired position the gallant fighting of Winslow's brigade had forced the enemy back, and he was at this time, though long after dark, fighting heavily and driving the enemy rapidly toward the Big Blue. At 5 o'clock on the following morning I moved forward to the support of the First Brigade, holding the advance. This brigade commenced advancing at 7 o'clock and in a short time was hotly engaged with the enemy at the Big Blue, advancing and driving the enemy in the most gallant manner. Soon after my command reached the front line the Second Arkansas Cavalry was dismounted and

