
as our line advanced it opened a rapid but ill-directed fire. The line formed by the Sixth and Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, almost crawling upon the ground by reason of the abrupt assent, moved steadily forward until within a few yards of the enemy, when a loud cheer from our line, followed by one or two sharp volleys of musketry, proclaimed the position gained. Captains Thurber and Montgomery had kept up a steady fire from their batteries during this advance,and, as was afterward ascertained, many of their shell exploded in the enemy's camp, creating the greatest excitement and confusion. General Pleasonton was now upon the ground and ordered me to advance my line to the Marais des Cygnes and cross the river as soon as possible. Their order was immediately executed, and in a few moments my command occupied the ground just abandoned by the enemy, who left one piece of artillery and many wagons, horses, mules cattle, sheep, cooking utensils, &amp;c. Colonel Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry, was directed to take the advanced and move forward as rapidly as possible. He soon reached the river and found the enemy busily engaged felling trees across the road on the opposite side. The Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia was at once dismounted and thrown across the river, about 400 yards above the ford, and ordered to advance as skirmishes down the river till it should reach the ford. Colonel Phelps at the same time advanced, under a heavy musketry fire, and the enemy was driven from his position opposite the ford, where he had felled but two trees of moderate size across the road. The Second Arkansas Cavalry continued to advance, followed by the Sixth and Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, which were already nearly exhausted from their labors during the night. The other two regiments of my brigade were still deployed as skirmishers. Upon reaching the open prairie, about half a mile from the ford, the enemy displayed a long line of battle, supported by one section of artillery. I ordered Colonel phelps not to charge this line until other troops came up, unless he was certain that he could break it and capture the artillery, and proceeded to the ford to hurry up some artillery and other troops. The enemy had already opened his artillery and General Pleasonton was at the ford, throwing forward troops and artillery as rapidly as possible. Colonel Phelps, with his regiment, aided by the Sixth and Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, dismounted, had already charged the enemy's position and had forced them to yield. A section of artillery now came up and was immediately placed in position on our left within good range of the enemy's guns and opened fire rapidly. Colonel Phelps came forward with his entire brigade upon the gallop, and advanced upon the enemy's left, and Colonel Benteen brought his brigade upon the field with similar spirit, although two of his regimens had been on duty nearly the entire night, and advanced against the enemy's center. The Third Brigade bearing strongly to the left at this time, the enemy gave way immediately, followed rapidly by Philips' and Benteen's brigades,a nd fled with such precipitancy that it seemed improbable that he would form again soon. My brigade having been on duty all night and engaged all the morning without anything for horses or men to eat, by permission of the general commanding I fell to the rear to feed for a few moments. Hardly were the horses unbridled when musketry firing was again heard beyond a ridge to the front, which was soon followed by artillery. "To horse!" was immediately sounded, and the brigade moved off on a gallop to the scene of conflict. Before it could reach the spot, however, the impetuosity and gallantry of the First and Fourth Brigades had broken the enemy's line, captured his artillery, and put him

