
to complete rout. I moved forward rapidly and took the advance again about three miles from the battle-field, and moved forward in line at a walk until near the Little Osage, where the enemy had reformed under cover of thick timber and brush, at which point I received an order from the general commanding to charge their position and move through the timber to the open prairie beyond and there halt and reform. The brigade charged the enemy concealed int he timber in the most gallant manner; drove him across the Little Osage and through the timber, where we halted and reformed the line. Three full lines of the enemy were visible within rifle-range, and the command became so eager for the fray that it seemed impossible to restrain them, and the entire brigade charged the enemy again, without any orders, and drove him fully four miles, killed and wounding many, capturing a number of prisoners, and compelling the enemy to burn a large number of wagons and other property; nor would the brigade have halted here, but the powers of nature both of men and horses had failed, and not even the excitement of battle could keep them up longer. The Second Brigade moved on in pursuit, and after an hour's rest for one day. On the morning of the 27th I left Fort Scott with my command and one section for Montgomery's battery, under Lieutenant Smiley, with the hope of striking the enemy one more blow in the vicinity of Newtonia or Neosho, as it was probable that he would make a short stay there to obtain supplies before entering the desert region of Northern Arkansas. I marched sixty-two miles that day, keeping the artillery and teams along, and reached Newtonia on the 28th about 4 p. m., having marched 104 miles with artillery and a train in thirty-six hours. I found General Blunt heavily engaged with the enemy, his line slowly receding, and the enemy's line extending much beyond his on both flanks, advancing rapidly upon the right and left. General Blunt directed me to form upon his left, and if possible to turn the enemy's right. The horses being exhausted and the fields intersected with stone walls and other obstacles, I was induced to dismount my command and the regiments were ordered to advance as fast as they could dismounted and form. The Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia was the first to meet the advancing force of the enemy. This regiment advanced most gallantly, and had fired two or three volleys in rapid succession, when a triumphant cheer from the line announced that the enemy had turned and was falling back. All the regiments of the brigade behaved with equal promptness and vigor, and the enemy was driven back some three miles, when darkness, the flight of the enemy, and the exhaustion of our troops closed the battle and the pursuit. During the night I received the orders of the general commanding to proceed with my command to Springfield and assume command of my district, and on the following morning I moved in compliance with said order.

In a campaign of greater hardships and privations for its duration than any in which I have ever taken part, the troops of my entire command conducted themselves in the most uncomplaining, energetic, and gallant manner. I neither saw nor heard of a single straggler during the campaign, and the greatest effort required of me was to restrain the advance from a general attack upon the enemy until the rear was in supporting distance. The commanders of brigades, Colonel Philips, of the Seventeenth Cavalry Missouri State Militia; Colonel beveridge, of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, and Colonel Gravely, of

