
district to continue the pursuit of the enemy to or beyond the Arkansas, until he was fully within the grasp of the troops of General Steele. Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen's brigade was already near Fayetteville and was directed to co-operate with General Curtis, then in pursuit of the enemy. All the cavalry of this district available for field service were ordered to concentrate at Cassville. General McNeil's brigade being in an unsuitable condition for the field, on account of the exhaustion of the horses and men in the pursuit of Price already made, was directed to remain at Springfield until further orders. General McNeil having raised the question of rank, and the orders of the general commanding having been made known to him by me, acted upon his own judgment.

On the morning of the ---- day of November I directed Major Melton, Second Arkansas Cavalry, to move with 400 men via Cane Hill to Fort Smith, communicate with General Thayer, commanding at that post, and ascertain if he needed any assistance, and ascertain also the amount of ordnance and subsistence stores at Fayetteville and Fort Smith. Major Melton reached Fort Smith on the morning of the 8th without opposition. General Thayer communicated to me that everything was in a satisfactory condition and that Price had moved west from Cane Hill. I also received information that Price crossed the Arkansas with Shelby's and Marmaduke's divisions on the evening of the 7th instant, at Webber's Falls, and that Fagan with 6,000 men had moved east. The country which the enemy had reached being destitute of all forage, and there being but small prospect of doing him any damage by further pursuit, I directed that the same be abandoned, and ordered the troops to their respective posts.

During my absence from the district the troops and militia in the district were kept busily engaged attacking, dispersing, and driving out bodies of the enemy attempting to pass through the district, the enemy sustaining serious loss.

On the 29th of October Lieutenant-Colonel Cameron, Second Arkansas Cavalry, with a detachment of about 400 men, attacked a force of about 800 rebels, in Barry County, and by a sudden dash broke the enemy's line, killing 50 of his men, and capturing 37 men prisoners, 58 horses, 4 mules, some small-arms, and other property. On the same day Lieutenant-Colonel Brutsche attacked a body of rebels, killing a large number and taking a large number of prisoners.

Fortifications were constructed about Springfield and other posts in the district during the time the enemy was in the State.

The citizens and enrolled militia are entitled to great credit for their zeal and labors in driving the common enemy from the State and preserving this section of the State from devastation and ruin. These forces with the U. S. troops remaining in the district have captured more than 800 prisoners, and otherwise greatly crippled the enemy.

For such faithful services, attended with results so important the troops, Federal and State, and the citizens generally, are entitled to the gratitude of the country.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff.

