
Numbers 34. Report of Captain William T. Kittredge, U. S. Army, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 4, 1864.

Captain Cassairt reports having a fight with the rebels on the 1st instant near Quincy, and with 600 men near Hermitage on the 2nd instant. The rebels were routed each time, losing 2 captains and 18 men killed, and many wounded. Our loss, non. Papers found on the bodies show that they belonged to Shelby's brigade, of Jeff. Thompson's division. Captain Cassairt has fallen back to Bolivar for ammunition and will come here, as he can get none there. He reports 1,000 rebels moving down by the way of Warsaw and Osage. This is reliable. A rebel force is reported north of Bolivar yesterday. I can hear nothing from Colonel Phelps or the other troops sent out. Small bodies are constantly passing south. One gang had a stage, supposed to be the Rolla stage. Fifteen wagons were captured while foraging, belonging to the post of Lebanon. We can hear nothing of the subsistence train. Cannot keep the wires up to Lebanon. I have sent Martin out east to learn what he can.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Cassville.

Numbers 35. Reports of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

HEADQUARTERS.

Fayetteville, Ark., October 28, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following official report of an engagement headquarters Department of the Missouri, together with my report of yesterday's skirmishing, which was sent you last evening:

Fayetteville was attacked this morning by a strong force, who posted themselves at sunrise on the almost inaccessible bluffs of East Mountain, about 1,000 yards east of town, and opened a brisk fire on my camp. I immediately ordered Captain D. C. Hopkins, supported by Captain E. B. Harrison, to move up the mountain with a line of dismounted skirmishers. When within about 200 yards of the top of the bluff they engaged the enemy, whom, as soon as their exact position was ascertained, I commenced shelling with a 12-pounder mountain howitzer, causing them to move their position several times. At the same time Captain Hopkins and Captain Harrison led their men, less than 100 strong, up the mountain in the fact of a galling fire from 700 rebels, charging the topmost bluff three times, and the third time driving the enemy from their position. We found 12 rebels dead; among them 1 captain and 2 lieutenants, all of whom are now being buried by my men, who hold the top of the mountain top. We lost in the charge only 3 men seriously and 4 slightly wounded, none killed. East Mountain occupies the same relative position to Fayetteville, I am told, that

