
cutting off my communications and supplies, evidently with the hope of obtaining assistance from Price on his return, and it came at last. Early on the morning of the 3rd of November a scout came into the garrison with the report that 8,000 revels, with two pieces of artillery, under command of Major-General Fagan, were marching upon the town from Cane Hill. I found this report to be very nearly correct. Price detached Fagan with 5,200 men and two pieces of artillery, which force was joined on the march by 1,500 men under Brooks and Brown. They attacked my pickets and commenced bombarding the town with all their boasted chivalry, not giving me the least time to remove families (mostly their own at that) nor demanding a surrender. The bombardment was kept up with one 6-pounder rifled gun and one 12-pounder field howitzer until nearly sunset. Three times the order was given to charge the works, but each time the men on coming within range of my rifles shrank from the assault and fled to a safe position. A sunset the retreat of the enemy commenced and was continued during the whole night by divers routes, the majority, with the artillery, returning to Cane Hill; at sunrise on the 4th instant only about 600 remained to cover the retreat. By the admissions of the enemy and reports from prisoners their loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners was about 100 (over 75 being killed and wounded). My loss was 9 wounded-1 mortally, 8 slightly. The strength of my command during the engagement was 958 volunteers and 170 militia; total, 1,128. Ont he arrival of the Army of the Border I was ordered with my command to join in the pursuit of Price, and at 11 a. m. November 5 moved out in advance of the column, which post of honor I was permitted through the favor of the commanding general to hold until the close of the campaign (four days), when I watered the horses of my command in the Arkansas River and returned to this place, arriving on the 12th.

During the siege, which lasted from October 26 to November 4, ten days, the troops, both volunteers and militia, labored faithfully by day and several nights by torchlight upon the fortifications under command of Captain H. C. C. Botchfuhr, First Arkansas Cavalry, to whose calmness and faithfulness as well as bravery much of our success is due. By all the officers and men of my command much credit is deserve for their zeal in carrying out my orders and their hearty co-operation.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Border.

Numbers 36. Report of Colonel John E. Phelps, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Springfield, Mo., November 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from your headquarters of date September 26, 1864, six companies (B, D, F, H, K, and M) of this regiment, and under my immediate command, moved from Springfield, Mo., on the day following at 5 a. m., and marching on the road to Rolla arrived at that place at 3 p. m., having

