
bivouacked both at Lebanon and Waynesville, two posts on the road. From Rolla, together with the other regiments of the brigade, my command reached Saint James on the 30th of September, and was joined there by Squadron L on the 1st of October. On the 2nd of the month, in connection with the Seventh Enrolled Missouri Militia, joined purposely to the Second Arkansas Cavalry, the regiment was marched to Knob View, with orders, if necessary to go to Harrison and meet General Ewing's forces, then pursued by the rebel cavalry, and to assist General Ewing, who was met at Knob View. It was there agreed to leave with him the Seventh Enrolled Missouri Militia. while the Second Arkansas would extend a reconnaissance to the south and east, and both march to Saint James the same day. In the reconnaissance the regiment visited Massey's Iron-Works, at the headquarters of the Meramec. They had been visited by a band of rebel prowlers of whom none were to be seen. The regiment arrived at Saint James almost simultaneously with General Ewing's troops. Marching to Cuba the next day (3rd of October) the column moved on the 4th in a northerly direction and reached Vienna, a village on the road to Jefferson City which was made the next day, the regiment halting three miles from the town, with the horses saddled all night. The rebels were then reported to advanced and to attempt a crossing of Osage River. On the morning of the 6th, while regiments of other brigades were actively engaged in skirmishing with the enemy and disputing the crossing of the Osage the Second Arkansas remained in line, and while in the afternoon the Sixth and Eighth Missouri State Militia were annoying and detaining the enemy between Osage and Moreau Creek the regiment was kept under arms. All the efforts of the Sixth and Eighth Missouri State Militia, however, could not succeed in inflicting a repulse on the invading forces, and these kept advancing. The regiment was then called in, and at 4 a.m. October 7 marched into Jefferson City, and on the west of town took position, occupying ground between the Sixth Provisional on the left and a section of 12-pounder howitzers (Battery B, Second Missouri Artillery) on the right. Soon after the skirmishing regiments were driven in and the rebel army poured its columns of cavalry around from the east to the west of town. They were passing in full view. The 12-pounder howitzers were tried without effect; shells even with 5-second fuses failed to reach the rebel column. Meantime mounted skirmishers were constantly kept in front of the regiment toward the enemy. At night the skirmish line was dismounted, and on the line of the regiment rifle-pits dug or erected in some place well contrived and quite powerful.

Early in the morning of the 8th three squadrons of the regiment were thrown forward, mounted, to try the enemy's position, and find out their intentions if possible. The line of dismounted skirmishers advanced at the same time, supported by those three squadrons (B, D, and M) under their respective commanders. The place is a little ridge, flanked on each side from east to west by a deep ravine, and terminates to a plateau on the west; toward the east it is covered with dense woods and timber, on the west by thick brush. Squadron B dismounts and moves forward on the enemy, then showing themselves and in force in front. The dismounted men are sent to the left to make an impression on the enemy's flank-D Squadron had been ordered to the right in the ravine; M Squadron was kept as reserve. Squadron B moves up gallantly to the work, and the dismounted skirmishers showing themselves on the left, and D Squadron the right, the enemy wavering, M Squadron coming up to the charge put them to flight, the two mounted squadrons (M and D) keeping up the pursuit. Such was the rapidity of the move-

26 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

