
ment that wounded and dead were left by the enemy on the field. After the pursuit reconnaissance was extended to a mill four miles from town; the enemy was not to be seen; the command returned then to Jefferson City but to receive orders to move forthwith on the Sedalia, or Boonville, road, where Philips' brigade, sent forward, had already caught up with Prices' rear and engaged in a skirmish at the crossing of Moreau Creek. At 6 a.m. the next day the regiment, placed under the same command, with the Ninth Missouri State Militia, joined the Second Brigade, then in front, where a lively skirmishing was taking place. The rebels retreating, our forces advancing the command crossed Moreau. Near Russellville the skirmishing became so spirited that artillery was twice brought to the front to disperse the rebel lines. The same evening California on the railroad was occupied after an artillery duel between the contending forces. Leaving California on the 10th and passing through Tipton the same day, the Second Arkansas was before Boonville on the 11th; together with the Sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia they encountered the enemy's skirmishers three miles from the city. Deploying immediately as skirmishers, the two regiments drove the enemy to their line. Three squadrons of the Second Arkansas on the right, B, H, and L, mounted, the Sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia on the left, dismounted, with the remaining four squadrons of the Second Arkansas mounted for support, made such vigorous demonstration that the enemy brought their artillery to bear. The Sixth and Eighth Missouri State Militia in the meantime and the other Provisional regiment had taken position, but it was deemed advisable to withdraw, and the regiment retired the distance of half a mile, awaiting what movement the withdrawal would cause the enemy to make and to venture. No demonstration being made, at 5 p.m,. under orders from your headquarters to advance the skirmish line and try the enemy again, three squadrons, B, F, and D, of the Second Arkansas Cavalry were marched again for that purpose, and engaging the enemy at once, drove their skirmishers again under protection of their line of battle, and their artillery was again brough into play. The squadrons retired upon the regiment and all went to bivouac beyond Saline Creek, to take the road to California the next day after rations. Then from California on the Boonville and Georgetown road by Palestine, then through Georgetown on the road to Lexington, to Cook's Store by Dunksburg 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th of October.

From Cook's Store, on the 16th, 200 men of the regiment, to whom had been added 100 of the Sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia, were ordered on a reconnaissance to Dunksburg, eight miles. Sedalia had been occupied by Thompson and a force of rebels variously reported at from 3,000 to 5,000 and it was suspected or anticipated that they might maneuver against our forces at Cook's Store. The reconnaissance was made-parties sent out from Dunksburg for information. No traces of the enemy were to be found. From Sedalia Thompson had returned directly toward the Missouri River. The bivouac, however, was changed to a wood two miles beyond Dunksburg the next day, whence the two squadrons, D and L, were sent as part of a reconnaissance in the direction of Brownsville almost due north, the bivouac being changed again to Cook's Store October 19; from this place, at midnight, the regiment, re-enforced by two companies of the Sixth Missouri State Militia, under Major Plumb, throws itself by a rapid march upon the enemy's position, the in possession of Lexington and occupying Dover and to the eat of it. At or shortly after sunrise October 20 the regiment is marched to the entrance of Dover, and Squadrons L and K.

