
charge through town. M Squadron is sent to the support of K, charging in the west of town, sweeping rebels before them. In this expedition and charge 3 men were killed or wounded of the rebels, and 13 taken prisoners, among them four commissioned officers. Though within two miles and a half of Shelby's brigade on the left, and a strong force on the right, the regiment withdrew unmolested. The enemy, supposing from the audacity of the attack that it had been made by a strong force, busied themselves in closing up their scattered columns- thought nothing of pursuit, but hastened to evacuate Lexington instead. October 21, meanwhile, the brigade ha approached Lexington. The regiment followed on and took position in camp the same night, with the others of the brigade. In approaching the city, in the fields, and in the lanes, were visible the marks of a recent engagement, but leaving the city to the right, the column was winding in the afternoon toward Independence. The 22nd opened by skirmishing at some distance from the town, but the enemy losing ground constantly the outskirts of the city were soon reached. On the left about the entrance and a little further into town there was a very spirited fire of musketry; the enemy even was not sparing of artillery. The regiment was then ordered to dismount. It did so, and across streets, ditches, inclosures, and lanes moved on at a rapid step. A party of rebels attempted to form to the right and front; they were scattered in a moment, and the regiment marched on until fatigued and exhausted by the march. They were halted in line in an inclosure the other side of the town abreast if not ahead, of any other troops. It was at this juncture that the cavalry charge was given and the rebel guns were captured by Catherwood's veterans. The Second Arkansas Cavalry and one company of the Sixth Missouri State Militia were on the field on the right and fully up with the guns in advance of any other command, ready to envelop the position of the rebel artillery, which had no alternative but to give way to a charge of cavalry. or be taken by the maneuver of this dismounted regiment. Here was found Cabell's naked sword, and one of his staff taken prisoner.

Next day Little Blue was crossed. The crossing had been disputed by Price's rear, but finally carried by our advance. The regiment was son placed in position, dismounted on the hill beyond with orders to clear the left of the road. Deploying in line and advancing steadily and rapidly they were brought to a halt some tow miles beyond their horses, who had not yet and were not for some time after brought up. At this time the advance line withdrew some distance from suspicion of a movement of the enemy on the right. The apprehension, however, did not appear founded, and all the cavalry being brought up in position a charge of the whole line took place upon the rear of the rebel army. The Second Arkansas Cavalry, the last brought up, and detained by fences, ditches, and works of masonry, arrived in time yet to give the last blow. The enemy, protected by stone structures (fences), had formed a double line in order to conceal and protect the maneuvers of their artillery. Here also they had burnt wagons. As soon as their artillery was planted anew, the Second Arkansas at the same time advancing in column of attack, they withdrew toward their artillery for mutual protection. In three division of regiments the enemy stood in the brushwood on both sides of the piece enfilading the road, the other division on open ground in advance and to the right of the artillery. On went the regiment with serried squadrons. The artillery of the enemy, well served and well aimed, planted the shells in the column with an unerring accuracy, but the column did not waver, and

