
through the dense brush, the ravines, and undergrowth to the creek beyond. In this movement the two squadrons, H and L, of the Second Arkansas Cavalry were separated from the command, but soon again brought up in line on the other side of the creek. A passage had been effected, and the line formed again under cover, or rather in the face of a steep perpendicular bank entirely commanding the valley below. The Second Arkansas once formed, moved up the embankment in good style and gaining the plateau above, marched boldly to the work. Forward resounds on all sides, and now the enemy, seeing the line advance to the charge dare not wait; they fly. In a vale at some three-fourths of a mile beyond, however, and under cover of a projection of woods into the prairie they stand, emboldened by the conduct, almost inexplicable of some of the troops, both on the right and left, but more so on the left, among whom was a command with sabers drawn. Vainly were those troops encouraged to move forward; Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, of the sixth Provisional, made fruitless efforts to move them; in vain was Major Rush, of the Seventh [Sixth?] Provisional, sent to move them by order of General Pleasonton; they failed to come up. The center however, renewed the charge, the Second Arkansas leading, and the enemy broke in dismay, the pursuers giving them no time to form any line. After the charge might have been seen the effect of protracted marches and exhausted men and horses. Of the leading regiment, hardly more than fifty men arrived together at the top of the ridge, where they were last halted to form again. The rest, as well as other regiments, were scattered pell-mell over tow miles of ground, without order, without any point to rally upon but the small squad that had stood the work so well. on the other side the enemy had formed anew. In front was a strong line; to the left front numerous rallying squads and skirmishers; but the other brigades had arrived also, and being thrown forward, they dislodged the enemy from their position without any trouble. The Third Brigade moved as fast as they could behind them, and at last, passing in the rear of our lines, beyond which the rebel line could plainly be seen, left the field at 5.15 p.m. October 25, on the way toward Fort Scott, six or seven miles distant. Blunt's division was then arriving on the field, its column not quite abreast of the Second Arkansas. The regiment rested and recruited at Fort Scott, and with others of the brigade left on the 27th passing through Lamar, and on the road McNeil's brigade, near the trail leading to the Osage Agency. A bivouac was at last reached on Buck Creek, five miles from Johnson's Mills, on Spring River.

The next day, following the Neosho, road and passing through Granby, the brigade arrived at Newtonia, unexpected but most welcome. Blunt had there engaged the enemy, and was being signally defeated; his forces badly cut up and without ammunition were giving way, while the enemy, pouring in re-enforcements, were determined to pursue their advantage and reap it as [fast as] possible. But the arrival of the Third Brigade changed the aspect of affairs. In a moment the regiments were dismounted and thrown in line toward the most threatened point. Steadily they kept advancing; at their approach the enemy's artillery was withdrawn and soon after their cavalry, heedless of the bugle that called to the charge, filed off by platoons, and left the historical field of Newtonia in Federal hands. The brigade remained in line until 9 p.m., amid the darkness. Thus in thirty-six hours they marched 104 miles and by their unexpected appearance turned a defeat into a victory.

