
On the 29th the Third Brigade moved again from Newtonia. This time it was toward their camps and homes; they reached Springfield on the 31st of October loaded with the palms of victory. It repays them amply for the hardships and privations of a thirty-five days' campaign, and the labors of a march as performed by the Second Arkansas Cavalry of upward of 950 miles. As commander of this regiment, I have tried in this report while mentioning the regiment to be fair toward all commands with which the regiment may have been associated or placed in contact during the campaign. My report I believe will prove correct. I will not close, however, without paying to the soldiers of the regiment at large the tribute due to their prowess and to their valor displayed on every occasion, and to the officers under my command the highest praise for their alacrity and readiness to obey and execute my orders, for their noble emulation and their unsurpassed gallantry on many a battle -field. Where all are worthy and deserving impartiality forbids to mention any name; but they will all join me in mentioning with pride and gratitude the medical officer of the regiment, Assistant Surgeon Turner, for his innumerable services on the field, his indefatigable energy in caring for the wounded of this and other regiments. There is a heroism of devotion, as well as a heroism of bravery. Both deserve equal honor, equal credit. It is only just that it should be equally bestowed.

The following table* will exhibit the total loss of my regiment during the series of engagements above reported and when it is compared to the danger incurred and the loss inflicted upon the enemy, I have reason to the thankful that it has been so trifling.

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel, Second Arkansas, Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

[General JOHN B. SANBORN.]

Numbers 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Cameron, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENTS.

In the Field, Mount Vernon, Mo., October 31, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 29th of October, 1864, with a detachment of about 400 men, principally of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, I pursued a body of rebels, supposed to be 800 strong, under command of Colonel Hodge, from Buck Prairie, Lawrence County, and encountered them at the Upshaw farm near Camp Bliss, Barry County. Routed and dispersed them; killed 50, took 37 prisoners, 58 horses, 4 mules, a large number of saddles, and several stand of arms. Three wounded only were found; the remainder escaped on their horses or concealed themselves in the brush. The prisoners report that there were ten captains with Colonel Hodge, viz, Captains Thomas Todd and John Merrick, Captains Sitton, Kimball, Shull, Rudd, Withers, Onam, Arnold, and Annabury. The last named was killed early in the encounter. My loss was 1 man slightly wounded, 1 man injured by his horse falling, and a few horses crippled.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 enlisted man killed and 11 wounded.

---------------

