
The officers and men under my command behaved gallantly. Captain Mitchell, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanding, the advance deserves to be especially mentioned.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Ark., Cav., Commanding Detach. in the Field.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 38. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John F. McMahan, Sixth Cavalry Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. SIXTH PROV. ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Springfield, Mo., November 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to submit the following report of casualties, and the part taken by my regiment while in the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, commanded by Major-General Pleasonton:

I left Springfield September 27, 1864, marched via Lebanon, Rolla, Cuba, and Vienna, crossing the Osage at Castle Rock to Jefferson City, arriving on the 6th of October. Here we remained until the evening of the 8th, then marched west by way of California and Tipton, and bivouacked on the night of the 10th twelve miles south of Boonville. On the 11th we moved at 6 o'clock in direction of Boonville. I was at once ordered to move with my command to the right until I struck the road leading from Pisgah to Boonville; I then turned to the left, marching on the right flank of our main column immediately upon Boonville, driving in the enemy's pickets, killing one and capturing another. I was here ordered to half until Colonel Gravely came up, when my regiment was dismounted deployed in line of skirmishers, and moved upon the enemy secreted in thick underwoods. We engaged him warmly for two hours, driving him until ordered by Colonel Gravely to fall back, which I did in perfect order having 2 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men wounded. On the 12th we marched back to California, received supplies, and move don the 13th in the direction of Independence. On the 22nd, five miles east of Independence, I was ordered to follow a road bearing to the right and flanking the enemy on the left. After marching to within one mile and a half of the city, I then formed a strong skirmish line and pushed rapidly into town, as the enemy retreated on the opposite side. We bivouacked on the night of the 22nd two miles from Independence, on the Kansas City road. On the morning of the 23rd we moved at an early hour to the plains south of Kansas City, where we found the enemy in strong force. I was here ordered by Major-General Pleasonton to charge the enemy on the extreme right, which I did, driving him three miles, with a loss of 2 killed and 17 wounded, after which I rejoined the brigade and marched south of Little Santa Fe.

On the 24th we made a march of fifty miles and bivouacked at 12 o'clock in the night near the Osage River. 25th, crossed the Osage early, moving due south; met the enemy, and after repeated charges, which were kept up until 3 p.m,. in which I lost 1 man killed

