
Jefferson City, October 8, the enemy [has withdrawn] and a pursuit in ordered. On the morning of the 9th the enemy's rear was overtaken, and skirmishing continued throughout the day. Lieutenant Riley B. Riggs fell while heroically leading a charge upon the enemy's skirmishing line, He was a brave and valiant officer, and fell while in discharge of his duties; his loss is deeply regretted by all who knew him. This pursuit was continued on through California to Boonville, where the rebels made a stand, and considerable skirmishing ensued. My battalion were all engaged throughout the fight. Five men wounded slightly. On the morning of the 20th I proceeded to Dover, under command of Colonel Phelps; we entered the town with a whoop, encountered 500 or 600 rebels, scattering them in every direction, killing 2, wounding several, and took 14 prisoners, 5 of them commissioned officers. On our return Lieutenant Clevenger, commanding the rear guard, encountered six rebels, killed 2 and wounded 2; the former he believed were officers. My battalion were all deployed in line on the 22nd at Independence, but did not generally participate in the fight at that place. On the evening of that day, while attempting to join the brigade with Company B, I lost my way and became detached, and consequently did not participate in the glorious fight of Big Blue. On the 23rd Major Murphy at the head of the remainder of the battalion, charge the enemy's lines twice, inflicting considerable chastisement on the rebels. The loss in this engagement was 1 killed, 2 mortally wounded, 5 severely, and 3 slightly. On the morning of the 24th pushed forward rapidly encountered the enemy's pickets at 11 p.m., and skirmished with them until day. In the dusk of the morning Colonel Gravely ordered my battalion to drive the enemy's pickets from the hill they had occupied during the night. Captains Stall, McGee, and Lankford successfully led their respective squadrons up the precipitous slopes and took possession of the hill. My battalion shared all the dangers and glories with the brigade in the fights of this day, and also at Newtonia, without further loss. Both officers and men, of which I have had the honor to command, did their duty nobly here.

I would consider this report incomplete without an expression of my acknowledgments for the very gentlemanly and courteous [manner] in which I have been treated by your staff during the campaign.

Total casualties sustained by the battalion, 2 killed, 5 mortally wounded, 6 severely, and 9 slightly.

I remained, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. PLUMB,

Major Sixth Missouri Militia Cavalry.

[General JOHN B. SANBORN.]

Numbers 40. Report of Major William B. Mitchell, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions I herewith forward you a report of the transactions, &amp;c., of a detachment of the Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, under my command in the pursuit of late rebel raid into Missouri.

