
to be attached to early action on the part of the United States Government, and press the subject upon the attention of the honorable Secretary of War.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.

JULY 3, 1864.- Skirmish in Platte County, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel Daniel M. Draper, with a detachment of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, attacked a band of guerrillas in Platte County yesterday, killing 6 and wounding 3 of the villains. We captured 15 horses and many revolvers. Two of our men were wounded. Among the dead bushwhackers was the leader of the band who committed the murder in Buchanan County in May last.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

JULY 3-25, 1864.- Operations in the vicinity of Baton Rouge, La., with skirmish near Benton's Ferry, on the Amite River (25th).

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1.- Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Logan, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, commanding.

No. 2.- Major Franklin Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry.

No. 1. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Logan, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry.*

July 3.- The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Volunteers, in obedience to orders received, left Port Hudson and arrived at Baton Rouge the same day; distance twenty-five miles. Captured 2 prisoners on the march. The usual picket duty has been done during the month.

July 17.- With 400 men made an expedition across the Amite River. Killed 2 and captured 8 prisoners. Returned the following day; distance twenty-one miles.

July 21.- With 400 men went across the Amite, crossing at Benton's Ferry. Captured 1 prisoner. Returned to camp the following day; distance, 15 miles.

July 24.- Sent Major Franklin Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry, with 136 men across the Amite River, crossing at Benton's Ferry. He reports

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

