
We left Springfield on the morning of the 27th of September, with detachments from Company A, commanded by Lieutenant Montgomery; Company C, commanded by Lieutenant Boyd: Company D, commanded by Captain Sutherland; Company H, commanded by Lieutenant Brown; Company I, commanded by Captain Howard; Company L, commanded by Captain Burns, amounting in the aggregate to 240 men. We moved to Lebanon and camped. 28th, left Lebanon and marched to Waynesville. 29th, left Waynesville and marched to Rolla. 30th, in camp all day at Rolla. October 1, left Rolla; marched to Saint James on the southwest branch Pacific Railroad. 2nd, my battalion and the Second Arkansas Cavalry marched down the railroad as far as Cuba and returned to Saint James, 3rd, left Saint James and marched to Cuba. 4th, left Cuba and marched to Vienna. 5th, left Vienna and marched to the Moreau Creek, four miles south of Jefferson City. 6th, remained in camp on the Moreau until about 10 p.m., when my battalion was ordered two miles southeast of headquarters, at a lower ford of the Moreau, to guard that passage. 7th, about 9 a.m. we observed men upon the south side of the Moreau, but could not for some time determine who they were, at 10 a.m. they made themselves known to us by throwing shells into our midst. I then fell back from the ford of the river, they continuing to shell us for a distance of about two or three miles. When within about one mile of the city we fell in with the rear of our brigade, which was then falling back into the city, skirmishing with the enemy. We moved into the city, having met with no casualties except the slight wounding of Isaac W. Kellar, of Company D, who was struck with a spent ball in the left side. After my arrival into the city I was ordered to take command of Fort Miller, into which my battalion was placed. 8th, we left Jefferson City at 3 p.m. and marched ten miles west of the city. 9th, marched about two miles, when we came upon the enemy's pickets my battalion being in front. We skirmished with them some two or three miles, killing several of them. Our casualties were few, only losing 1 man, wounded, from Company D, viz, James T. Burnes, being shot in the arm and let side. Camped to-night at California. 10th, we marched from California and camped within about twelve miles of Boonville. 11th, my battalion is in the rear of the brigade. We marched until about 10 a.m., when we reached the La Mine bridge on the La Mine River, when my battalion was dismounted and formed in line of battle, in which position we remained until about 5 p.m. when we moved back from the bridge about two miles and camped. 12th, moved from camp to California. 13th, left California and marched in the direction of Boonville. When within fifteen miles of that place we changed our course in the direction of Georgetown; camped at Pilot Grove. 14th, marched fourteen miles northwest of Georgetown and camped. 15th, we left camp and after a march of about thirteen miles camped at Cook's Store. 16th, remained in camp to-day at Cook's Store. 17th, marched toward Georgetown; camped on Blackwater. 18th, remained in camp on Blackwater all day. 19th, marched back to Cook's Store and camped. 20th, marched to Davis' Creek, about nine miles from Lexington, and camped. 21st, marched within two miles of Lexington and there changed our course toward Independence; camped about twenty miles from Independence, on the Little Blue. 22nd, marched within about one mile and a half of Independence when the skirmishing commenced in front. We were dismounted and thrown in position on the right as a reserve for the Fourth Brigade. The enemy fell back from the front of the Fourth Brigade for about four miles west of Independence, where we bivouacked

