
for the night. 23d, left camp, being placed on the extreme left wing of the brigade and in the rear of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, where we were held in position until the center had driven the enemy back. We were then moved upon the field, and after a few hours' rest marched to Little Santa Fe and camped. 24th, left Little Santa Fe and marched about seventy miles, camping in front of the enemy on the Marais des Cygnes. 25th, marched to the Marais des Cygnes and dismounted. We were then thrown out as skirmishers on the right of the brigade, driving the enemy from the creek bottom. We were then mounted and marched up into the prairie about three miles, where we halted and fed. Philips' and Winslow's brigades were thrown to the front; the fighting then becoming general we were ordered to the front. On arriving on the battle-ground I was ordered to pursue a train of the enemy and was followed by the brigade, thereby being thrown in the front. The brigade was then ordered to form a line of battle, which was done, my battalion being on the right. We marched in this manner for about one mile, when we were again thrown into column and marched about one mile, when we were again drawn up in line of battle, and ordered to charge the enemy in the timber on the Little Osage, which we did, driving the enemy from the timber. After effecting a crossing of the creek and reforming we charged the enemy for about four miles, driving from their position four lines of the enemy's cavalry. We then moved to Fort Scott, having assisted in charging and routing the enemy without the loss of a single man. We camped for the night in Fort Scott. 26th remained at Fort Scott. 27th, left Fort Scott and marched about sixty-five miles, camping on the north fork of Spring River. 28th, left camp and marched to Newtonia. On arriving at Newtonia we found General Blunt with a portion of his forces engaging the enemy, but was being forced to fall back. Were immediately ordered to dismount and form on the left of the Sixth Missouri State Militia. We checked the enemy and then forced them to fall back, a distance of about one mile and a half. We held our lines until about 10 p.m., when we were ordered to bivouac for the night at Newtonia. 30th, left camp and moved to Little York, ten miles west of Springfield, and camped. 31st, left camp and marched into Springfield about 12 o'clock, having marched during the campaign about 1,000 miles, assisted in driving the rebels out of the State, and only lost two men wounded.

All of which, captain, I respectfully submit.

WM. B. MITCHELL.

Major, Commanding Detach. Seventh Prov. Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Reports of Colonel Joseph J. Gravely, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HDQRS. EIGHTH CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA

Springfield, Mo., November 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by a detachment of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia in the late campaign against the rebel force under Major General Sterling Price, from the 27th of September, 1864, to the 31st of October, 1864:

The detachment, under my command and composing a part of General Sanborn's brigade, left Springfield, Mo., on the 27th of September, 1864.

