
with 13 commissioned officers and 298 enlisted men, and marched to Jefferson City, Mo., via Rolla, Cuba, Vienna, and encamped on the Moreau, three miles from the city, October 5, 1864, and was directed to act in conjunction with the Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, as an advance post, and to resist the enemy advancing toward the city. On the afternoon of the 6th the pickets commenced fighting two miles south of the Moreau. The enemy was held in check, or did not attempt to advance until 6 a.m. on the 7th of October, 1864. The Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia were arranged so as to check and annoy the enemy as much as possible in their advance. The enemy advanced their line of skirmishers about 7 a.m. and attacked Squadron C of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanded by Captain Human who resisted them stubbornly until ordered by me to fall back the enemy having moved a strong column to his left flank. The fighting commenced at this time, the Eighth Regiment being arranged one squadron in rear of the other, and each in turn fighting the enemy until ordered to fall back. Captain Foster had his horse killed while encouraging his men to fight at the commencement of the attack. When overpowered and flanked by the enemy, the two squadrons (C and F) moved to the rear; the enemy seeing that they had compelled this move ordered a charge which soon brought them to a line formed near the edge of the timber, composed of Squadrons A, E, G, D, and K; the fight was renewed by these squadrons with energy; the officers and men fought well, driving the enemy's skirmish line, and again compelling him to bring up artillery to drive us from our strong position, as had been done in their attack on Captains Human and Foster. The Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia was then moved across the Moreau, and were relieved by the Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, posted so as to protect the crossing. The Eighth Regiment was again formed on a ridge near the Fair-Ground, and again fought the enemy stubbornly for more than one hour, assisted by the Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and in compliance with orders the command moved into Jefferson City. On the 8th of October I was placed in command of the troops from Southwest Missouri, leaving the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia under command of Captain R. G. Chitwood, Company G, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

On the 9th of October one squadron of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under command of Lieutenant Chitwood, assisted Major Mitchell, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, to drive in the strong rear guard of the enemy near Russellville, Mo., seventeen miles west of Jefferson City, and did good service. The Third Brigade was not engaged in the battle at California on the evening of October 9, 1864. The battle at Boonville, on the 11th of October, was fought by the Second Arkansas Cavalry and the Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, only one squadron of the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, being in front as body guard. Company F and - did good service and acted with coolness and bravery.

On the 20th of October I was relieved from the command of the Third Brigade by General Sanborn, and took command of my regiment. At the battle of Independence, October 22, the Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia was dismounted and marched to the right of the city as a reserve and was not engaged during the fight. On the 23rd of October, after the enemy had been driven from the crossing of the Big Blue and formed on a prairie ridge west of the stream, my regiment was ordered to move forward until we found the enemy's lines and halt until the

