
army came up. About 2 p.m. Major Suess, of Major-General Pleasonton's staff ordered me in command of my own and the Sixth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia, to charge the enemy's line near a house on a prairie ridge, which was done under a most terrific [fire] from a section of the enemy's artillery in position near the above-named house, and a heavy fire of musketry from the enemy's line formed for the protection of the artillery. The enemy's force was much larger than ours, but gave way, and we gained the ridge with a loss of about 25 men. Rebel officers captured gave it as a reason for retreating that they supposed our army was moving to their left to cut them off from the force on the Harrisonville road. This charge prevented the rebels from using their artillery against the main force of our army on our right. The officers and men of my regiment did their duty well and acted bravely on this occasion. On the 24th of October I was ordered, about 11 p.m. to move my regiment and the Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia forward until I found the enemy. When near the Marais des Cygnes, a branch of the Osage, my advance was fired on by the enemy's pickets, who were found to be encamped on the stream at a village called Trading Post. I halted the command and about 3 a.m. October 25 was ordered to drive in the enemy's pickets and to attack them. I moved forward and found a strong skirmish line formed on a mound in their rear, which I immediately attacked, and after a spirited contest, drove them beyond the mound. At the dawn of day we found the enemy in strong force near the ford of the creek, and, in conjunction with the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, attacked and drove them across the stream; this was the commencement of the battle of the Osage, October 25, 1864. After the battle was over m regiment was placed in charge of the prisoners and delivered them at Fort Scott about daylight October 26. On the 28th of October, 1864, we reached Newtonia, Mo., where we found Major-general Blunt's command engaged with the enemy. I was ordered to move my command forward rapidly and form on the left of General Blunt's command, and aided in checking the advance of the enemy and finally driving him from the field. From Newtonia we marched to Springfield, Mo., at which place we arrived October 31, 1864.

The following are the losses sustained by the regiment in the different engagements; In the battle on the Moreau, October 7, 1864, 1 non-commissioned officer and 1 private killed, 1 captain and 14 enlisted men wounded. At the Big Blue, October 23, 1864, 1 captain and 8 enlisted men wounded. At the Marais des Cygnes, October 25, 1 enlisted man wounded. The enemy admit a loss of 1 major and 15 men killed and 1 lieutenant-colonel and 25 men wounded at the Moreau. The damage inflicted at other engagements estimated with losses sustained by them in the battles.

In conclusion, I desire to return my thanks and that of my entire command to Brigadier-General Sanborn, commanding, for his uniform kindness and the deep interest he manifested for our welfare during the arduous campaign; and also to express our gratitude to his staff for their attention on all occasions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist of Southwest Missouri.

