
SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following official report of the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, in the field from the 8th to the 20th of October, 1864:

I assumed command of the brigade at Jefferson City by your order October 8, 1864, and in compliance with your directions marched out on the Versailles road to Moreau Creek, ten miles, and encamped. On the morning of the 9th my brigade, consisting of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, Sixth Missouri State Militia, Eighth Missouri State Militia, Sixth and Seventh Provisional Regiments, with section of Battery M, Second Missouri Light Artillery, was ordered to the front and after marching two miles came up with the rear of Price's army on the road to Russellville. A strong rear guard of the enemy was left to retard the progress of our force. I deployed the Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, one company of the Eighth Missouri State Militia and one of the Sixth Missouri State Militia as skirmishers, and attacked the enemy, driving them steadily to their main force. The fighting was spirited, and considerable damage inflicted on the enemy. The enemy formed quite strong line to the west of Russellville which was soon scattered by a few well-directed shots from the section of artillery brought to the front under command of Smiley, of Battery H, Second Missouri Light Artillery. The musketry fighting was kept up until one mile west of Russellville. Major Mitchell, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanding line of skirmishers, conducted the fight well, and the officers and men of his command of the two companies of the Mississippi State Militia, troops and Lieutenant Smiley of the battery, all did their duty and acted bravely on the occasion. Our loss during this engagement consists of Lieutenant Riggs, Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, killed while leading a charge on the rebel lines, and 3 enlisted men wounded. Lieutenant Riggs was a brave, efficient, and useful officer, and his loss is severely felt by the command. The brigade was not in front pursuing the enemy until the 11th of October. When near the La Mine Creek, five miles from Boonville, I ordered the Second Arkansas Cavalry and Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia to move forward in line of skirmishers until they found the enemy, which they came up with three miles south of Boonville, and immediately engaged him. The enemy had several thousand men in line to resist an approach, but the two regiments above mentioned drove them back to the city under protection of their artillery and fortifications. The Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia was ordered to the front, held as a reserve in rear of the skirmish line, consisting of the Second Arkansas Cavalry and Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia. Colonel John E. Phelps, in command of the front line displayed much skill and great bravery on this occasion, as did Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, in command of the Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia. All of the officers and men of the Second Arkansas Cavalry and Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia behaved themselves nobly and fought well. Serious loss was inflicted on the enemy and he was driven with a force far inferior in number two miles. A party of the enemy while the contest was progressing near the city of Boonville moved to the rear of our front line on our right flank, but was vigorously attacked by Major Plumb's command and repulsed with heavy loss.

I was at the front and witnessed the fight, and of my own knowledge bear testimony to the bravery and skill of the different regimental commanders of the brigade on this day. I respectfully refer you to the

