
accompanying reports of regimental commanders for an account of the losses sustained by us in the battle. Our command the next day, the 12th, was moved back to California for rations and was again moved toward Boonville, but the enemy had left for Lexington.

No further engagements were had with the enemy until you resumed command of the brigade.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. J. GRAVELY

Colonel 8th Cav. M. S. M., Commanding 3rd Brigadier Cav., General Sanborn's Div.

[General JOHN B. SANBORN.]

Numbers 42. Reports of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Glasgow, Mo., September 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Monday, the 19th instant, I left Saint Joseph with Companies B and M, Ninth cavalry Missouri State Militia; Companies C and D, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, and a section of mountain howitzers, Company C, Second Missouri Artillery. I moved to Macon by railroad, and on the morning of the 21st marched from Macon, my force having been augmented by Companies C and E, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. I camped near Huntsville on the night of the 21st and moved thence to Roanoke, where I divided the command, sending a portion direct to Fayette under Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and marched with the balance of the command to this post. I had in the meantime ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, to move his entire command from Sturgeon to Rocheport, and there establish his headquarters and directed Lieutenant-Colonel Stauber, Forty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry, to move from Macon to Sturgeon with three companies. I also ordered General Douglas to move from Mexico toward Rocheport with 200 of the First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers. The best information I could obtain indicated that the guerrillas, under Perkins, Quantrill, Thrailkill, Todd, Anderson, Holtzclaw, Davis, and others, were concentrating in the Perche Hills on or about the line separating Howard and Boone Counties. I made dispositions accordingly and as secretly as possible, and moved upon the haunts of the villains from Fayette, Glasgow, Sturgeon and Mexico. The guerrillas were routed from their camps and found to be about 400 strong, under Quantrill and Perkins. On Friday evening the 23rd instant, a portion of the train of the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia was surprised by the guerrillas ten miles northeasterly from Rocheport, and twelve men were brutally murdered after they had surrendered. Some of our dead were thrown upon the burning wagons which the fiends destroyed and their bodies were partially consumed. Our troops made but a slight resistance and fled panic-stricken from the field. They were outnumbered by the bushwhackers four to one. Perkins, the guerrilla chief, is reported severely wounded at this engagement. His pocket-book and papers were found scattered on the ground of the massacre. Had Lieutenant-Colonel

