
Matthews moved his command together we should have been spared this disaster; although General Douglass reports to me that the colonel ought not to be censured for his action in the premises. The guerrillas immediately scattered in every direction. Major Leonard, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, who was moving from Fayette to Rocheport, came upon a gang of these guerrillas and killed 6 of them, capturing 32 horses and 30 revolves. Our only casualty was 1 wounded. Among the dead bushwhackers was a Captain Bissett, recently a terror in Platte and Clay Counties.

On Saturday morning the guerrillas from different points concentrated upon Fayette and charged into the town at 10.30 a.m., yelling like demons, their advance being clad in Federal uniform. They were properly welcomed by the small force in garrison and most handsomely whipped after three unsuccessful attempts to dislodge our troops. Thirteen of the villains were killed outright and - so severely wounded that they died on Saturday night. One rebel captain, name not known, was among the dead. Their wounded numbered 30, judging from the carriages stolen to remove them. We are daily learning of the death of some one of the wounded. Our loss was 1 killed and 2 wounded. I had on the same day ordered Major King, Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers from this post to Fayette, with 200 well-appointed men. He arrived at Fayette two hours after the discomfited rascals had left in the direction of Roanoke, and pushed on after them without delay. On Sunday, the 25th, instant, the brigands sat down in the front of Huntsville, and in the name of Colonel Perkins and the Southern Confederacy, demanded a surrender. The militia stationed at Huntsville, under Lieutenant-Colonel Denny, showed fight, and, Major King being close after the villains, they moved toward Renick, tearing down the telegraph wires by the mile. Major King pursued them as rapidly as possible with his jaded horses, and at last advices, 1.30 p.m. Monday the 26th, was very near them at Middle Grove, in Monroe County. Several stragglers from the guerrillas have been captured and summarily mustered out. Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, with a detachment of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, moved from Fayette toward Renick on the 26th instant, General Douglass, with the Iowa troops, toward Sturgeon, scouting through the Perche Hills, and will unite or co-operate with Major King. In several small skirmishes with the bushwhackers on Saturday and Sunday our troops were successful in killing the bushwhackers. No better region that this could be selected for guerrilla warfare. The topography of the country and the hearts and consciences of the people are adapted to the hellish work. There is scarcely a family but what has its representative in either Price's invading force or in the corps be bush. Men and women of wealth and position give their entire influence and aid to the knights of the bush. The hand of the Government must be laid heavily upon them. I shall remain in this section and on the North Missouri Railroad until affairs are in a better condition.

I expect a full report of the Keytesville disaster to-day. Cowardice and treason combined caused the loss of Keytesville and the brutal murder of Mr. Carman, one of the best of citizens and of William Young, an aged loyalist,serving faithfully as a Federal scout himself and had three sons in the Union army. The fiends murder none but radical Union men, while conservatives of undoubted loyalty are spared in property and person. The radicals are hunted from their homes, and their substance appropriated and destroyed. Our troops being chiefly from the radical portion of the community, it is with great difficulty

