
On the morning of the 6th Generals McNeil and Sanborn reported from Rolla-the former with 1,000 cavalry and eight pieces of artillery, the latter with 1,400 cavalry. The major-general commanding telegraphed me on the 6th to assume command of the combined forces at Jefferson City. I immediately organized the force into four brigade, under General Brown, McNeil, and Sanborn, and Colonel Franklin W. Hickox, Enrolled Missouri Militia. The effective strength of the fragments of commands thus hastily thrown together from different districts of the department, including Enrolled Missouri Militia and loyal citizens, was, of officers and men, 7,200. Generals McNeil and Sanborn, who had for many days been in immediate proximity to the enemy, informed me that Price's army numbered not less than 20,000 men, and that he could put 15,000 well appointed veterans and more than twenty pieces of artillery into action. The major-general commanding had previously ordered that the State capital must be successfully defended at all hazards. A force of 1,500, under Colonel Philips, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, was fighting the advance of Price's army on the Osage when I assume command. The enemy were at that time crossing the Osage River in force at Prince's Bolton's, and other fords, covering a space of about eight miles in width on the routes leading from the Fair-Ground to the Moreau and Osage. The force at the front were ordered to vigorously contest the passage of the Osage and Moreau, and when driven to fall back fighting to the city and withdraw to the intrenchments. General McNeil's brigade was assigned to the right, General Brown's to the left, and General Sanborn's to the center, within our fortified lines. Colonel Hickox's brigade was posted as a reserve. All troops not ordered to the front and the citizens of the city were busily engaged digging rifle-pits and preparing for the best possible defense of the State capital. On the morning of the 7th the enemy had driven our advanced lines back to the Moreau and appeared in heavy force on its east bank, his main column on the Bolton road, and rove our troops steadily to the Fair-Ground. Our force was all withdrawn to the intrenchments at 1 p.m. The enemy pushed his lines to the front of our left and center and opened on our fortified lines with his artillery from a wooded height at the left of the Fair-Ground. Thurber's battery, on the left of our line, and Sutter's, in the center, both of the Second Missouri Artillery, simultaneously poured their well-directed shots into the enemy's artillery, dismounting one of his pieces at the first fire. After an exchange of a few shots, and an inspection of our earth-works, the enemy withdrew his artillery, retired his lines, and moved his columns toward our right, with the evident design of investing the city. During the night of the 7th our entire command were busily engaged strengthening our earth-works, digging additional rifle-pits, and preparing to receive an assault at any point on our line. The movements of the enemy during the night indicated his preparation to mass his force to assault our right.

At daylight on the morning of the 8th he appeared in force in front of McNeil, but withdrew before advancing near our earth-works. As the enemy retired and a reconnaissance to the Moreau revealed the fact that his entire army had passed to our right, the mounted troops of Sanborn's brigade were thrown upon his rear, killing many and capturing a large number of men and arms. At 8 a.m. all the mounted troops of the command were ordered in pursuit of the enemy with five days' field rations in their haversacks and 140 rounds of ammunition.

