
that he attacked Captain Doyal (rebel) in his camp seven miles from the river,whipped him, burned his camp, including 150 stand of arms and 7,000 rounds of ammunition; captured 2 prisoners and killed 15 or 20. Returned to camp the following day; distance, twenty-eight miles.

No. 2. Report of Major Franklin Moore, Second Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Baton Rouge, La., July 25, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from division headquarters, dated July 24, 1864,with detachment from the Second Illinois Volunteers Cavalry and One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, numbering in all 135 men, I marched at 7 p.m. out to the Amite River, distance seventeen miles. Found the river swimming, and camped for the night. Crossed at daylight. Came upon their pickets about a mile and a half from the river; drove them seven miles to place of encampment,when I completely routed them, numbering 300 men, capturing 150 stand of arms, which were broken and destroyed for want of transportation, 4 horses, 4 prisoners, and destroyed some 15,000 rounds of ammunition. I them fell back to the Amite River, heavy skirmishing all the way, where I formed line of battle and delivered a deadly fire into them,killing some 20. Casualties in my command, 4 horses killed.

Respectfully submitted.

FRANK. MOORE,Major, Commanding Second Illinois Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain STEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 5-6, 1864.- Scouts from Big Piney, Mo.

Report of Captain Henry B. Brown, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP BIG PINEY, MO., July 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of a scouting party sent in the direction of Houston from this place, Corporal Calvert in command, with orders to capture, if possible, a noted bushwhacker by the name of Pruitt, whom we have tried to capture several times while at this place. Pruitt was also reported by Mr. Wayman as being the individual who robbed him (Wayman) a short time ago. The scout succeeded in capturing him, and while returning him by way of Mr. Wayman's,and when within three miles of there, learning that he was to be taken before Mr. Wayman, he tried to make his escape by running, whereupon the guard shot him after chasing him several hundred yards,killing him instantly. This scout was made on the 5th of July. Also on the 6th of July I sent out another scout under command of Lieutenant Muntzel,in the direction of Johnson's Mill, on the Big Piney. The lieutenant succeeded in capturing one U. S.horses and one U. S.mule; also got reports of rebels being quite numerous between the head of Spring Creek Hollow and Houston. Twelve rebels crossed the Rolla and Springfield road half a mile east of my camp July 6. I sent out a scout after them, who chased them six miles in the direction

