
The capital of the State had been saved from the polluting presence of her traitorous sons in arms. One of the chief objects of Price's invasion of Missouri the seizure and occupancy of her political capital for the purpose of holding elections and the transaction of other business by the itinerating traitors who style themselves the State and legislative departments of Missouri, was, by the courage, industry and determination of our small force at Jefferson City, defeated; a substantial success had been gained, and the soldiers who through one of the severest of equinoctial storms made long and forced marches to the capital, many of them leaving their own homes to certain destruction by the guerrillas and the citizens who so cheerfully and earnestly seized spade or musket spade or musket for its defense, deserve and will receive the gratitude of the loyalists of Missouri. I have the honor to bear full and hearty testimony to the conduct of all officers and men and citizens for their faithful service.

The reports of General Brown, McNeil, and Sanborn, forwarded direct to department headquarters, will give tabular statements of losses in killed and wounded, and list of prisoners lost and captured.

At 10.30 a.m. on the morning of the 8th Major-General Pleasonton arrived at Jefferson City, and in obedience to orders from the major-general commanding assumed command.

I have the honor to be, colonel, with great respect,. your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK.

Brigadier-General.

Colonel JOHN V. DU. BOIS

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI

Macon, Mo., December 16, 1864.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,Chief of Staff, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from Major-General Rosecrans I have the honor herewith to transmit supplementary report of operations of the troops of my command subsequent to being relieved by Major-General Pleasonton, October 8.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI.

Macon, Mo., December 8, 1864.

COLONEL; Supplementary to my report on the movements of my command to Jefferson City and the operations of the troops in defense of the State capital, I have the honor to add that immediately upon the assumption of command by Major-General Pleasonton, on the 8th of October 1864, I was by him first ordered to assume command of the Thirty-ninth and Forty-ninth Missouri Infantry Volunteers and

immediately occupy that portion of the intrenched line then held by Brigadier-General Sanborn. At a later hour in the day I was ordered to proceed with my command via the Missouri River and garrison the post of Lexington.

