
The steamers Sioux City and Hattie May were placed at my disposal for the transportation of my command one section of Sutter's battery, Second Missouri Artillery, having been directed to report to me. I suggested to the major-general commanding that it would undoubtedly be impracticable for me to reach Lexington via the Missouri River; that the rebel army would probably occupy Boonville before steamers could possibly reach that point, and respectfully requested that in the event of finding the enemy in force on the river-bank I might be permitted to disembark my troops return the steamers to Jefferson City, and march my command to Glasgow, where I could concentrate additional force from my district and resist the progress of Price's army into North Missouri. General Pleasonton replied that he thought there would be no difficulty in executing the orders I had received, and directed that in the event of finding the river blockaded I should report to him the impracticability of proceeding by river and wait instructions. I embarked my command on the night of the 8th and at daylight on the morning of the 9th pushed out for Lexington. The exceedingly low stage of water rendered our progress difficult and slow. It became necessary to disembark the troops and horses at sand-bars and then spar the empty transports over. By the utmost diligence we were able to make but eighteen miles distance during the 9th. Upon arriving at Rocheport at noon on the 10th I met citizens fleeing from Boonville with the information that the enemy had occupied Boonville in large force on the previous day. I immediately took steps to secure reliable information by sending scouts of my own men who were familiar with the country on both sides the Missouri River to Boonville. Their report confirmed the presence of Price with his entire army at Boonville. His camps extended down the south side of the river six miles and his artillery commanded the Missouri. He had captured a steam ferry-boat in good order and was on that day crossing a large cavalry force to the north side of the river into Howard County. Large parties of the enemy were moving through the country stealing horses and clothing and giving notice to willing conscripts that they must report without delay to Price, the rebel chieftain, at Boonville.

On the night of the 10th the Forty-fifth Missouri Infantry Volunteers, Colonel T. A. Switzler, and Captain F. William with two sections Battery C, Second Missouri Artillery, reached Rocheport by steamers under orders from Major-General Pleasonton to garrison the post of Boonville. On the morning of the 11th I sent Lieutenant W. T. Clarke, aide-de-camp, to Jefferson City with dispatches to General Pleasonton, informing him of the situation, and again suggested that I be permitted to march my command across the country from Rocheport to Glasgow, and resist the crossing of the enemy to North Missouri. At Glasgow was a large quantity of quartermaster and commissary stores and a limited garrison. Colonel Chester Harding, jr., Forty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteers had by my order left Saint Joseph on 5th of October en route to Jefferson City by steamer West Wind, and no so dispose my command that it could be re-enforced by the troops descending the river, and by other force from the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad, and I therefore respectfully, but earnestly requested General Pleasonton to permit me to march to Glasgow. On the morning of the 12th I received orders from General Pleasonton, by the hand of Lieutenant Clarke, aide-de-camp, to immediately disembark, my forces at Providence Mo., together with those of Colonel Switzler,

