
and send the boats immediately back to Jefferson City, and to await orders at that point. In obedience to this order I placed my command in camp at Providence, Mo., and again advised General Pleasonton of were crossing cavalry and artillery to the north side of the river. The fiend Bill Anderson, whose band of murderers had crossed from North Missouri to Boonville to report to their chieftain, Sterling Price, had by said chief on the 11th been ordered to recross the Missouri River and renew his fiendish atrocities; especially was he ordered to permanently destroy the North Mississippi Railroad. Scouts reported detachments of the enemy marching on Fayette, Glasgow, and Huntsville. On the morning of the 13th I received orders from General Pleasonton to move my command by the north bank of the Missouri River to Jefferson City and to report my arrival at that point to his headquarters by letter. I reached Jefferson City at noon of the 14th, reported by letter, as directed and was ordered to march my command to California and upon my arrival at that point to report by letter or telegraph to Major General A. J. Smith commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, for orders. General Smith being yet at Jefferson City directed me to place my men in camp, and wait orders from himself or the department commander, who that day arrived at Jefferson City. On the 16th I was ordered by Major-General Rosecrans to turn to my district with the Forty-ninth Missouri Volunteers, and such other troops belonging to my district as could be relieved from duty at Jefferson City. On the night of the 16th this order was countermanded, and I was directed to proceed upon a reconnaissance up the Missouri River on the steamer Isabella, with 250 picked men and two pieces of artillery. At daylight on the morning of the 17th I moved up the Missouri River, arriving at Boonville in the evening at which point information reached me that on Saturday previous, October 15, the rebels had attacked Glasgow from both sides of the river with an overwhelming force. The garrison had been re-enforced on the evening of the 13th by a portion of Colonel Harding's regiment, Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, the effective force when attacked being 550 men, including volunteers, militia, and loyal citizens, and no artillery. Colonel Harding's report which has been forwarded to department headquarters, informs the general commanding how gallantly this small force for hours fought an entire division of Price's army, a battery of artillery being brought into action by the enemy on each side he river, and when overwhelmed, surrendered upon terms permitting our brave boys to march out of the garrison with drums beating and colors flying, and all private property of the captured to be respected. Among the officers surrendered were three of my own staff, Lieutenant Colonel D. J. Hynes, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, chief of cavalry; Major F. G. Porter, medical director, and Captain George A. Holloway, assistant adjutant-general the conduct of whom during the unequal conflict is noticed in a complimentary manner by Colonel Harding. The captives had been paroled by the enemy and sent across the Missouri River, and toward Boonville, under rebel under rebel escort, and were within a few miles of the city when I arrived. I immediately ordered Captain H. S. Glaze, acting aide-de-camp, to procure all the carriages and wagons to be found in Boonville and proceed to the La Mine River to meet the wearied prisoners; the party arrived at Boonville on the morning of the 18th, where I provided for their comfort as best I could from the scanty stores in Boonville and on board the Isabella. I returned to Jefferson City on the night of the 18th and reported to the general com-

