
After the surrender the Stars and Stripes were torn down from the court-house, and Thrailkill's address to the surrendered militia in glorification of the flag of the so-called Confederate States was greeted by applause and cheering and cries of "bully," &amp;c. The citizens were plundered indiscriminately of their horses arms, and money, but in many instances the money was returned to the owners by the officers in command of these outlaws. The only men of active loyalty in Keytesville at that time (Robert Carman and William Young) were marched out a short distance from the town and shot. Inquiries were made for some others with the assurance, if found, they would hang to the nearest tree, but they had escaped to the brush and are for the time safe. I am entirely satisfied that Lieutenant Pleyer should be held responsible with his life or this disaster, being credibly informed by persons familiar with its strength that the court-house (destroyed on that morning) could have been held by ten brave men against my force that could have been brough against it. In his deposition he avers that his men would have fired had he commanded them to do so, but the threat made that if he did not surrender they would kill his "last man," seems to have paralyzed the poor, miserable poltroon with fear, and consequently he surrendered up the post without firing a shot. Lieutenant Pleyer is a poor German, living in this county, totally unfit in every respect to have the command of men, and I cannot but consider an officer who could place such a man on duty, except as a private soldier, censurable in a high degree. I therefore recommend the arrest of Lieutenant Berry owen for this cause, and for absenting himself from his command without authority. One of the men who was so wantonly murdered was a Mr. Robert Carman, sheriff of Chariton County, and from what I can learn from his neighbors and the residents of the county generally, "the very best man" in it. He was but recently from a sick bed, was some sixty-five years of age, was forced to march about half a mile from town, when he was shot through the head, just above the left cheek bone, killing, him instantly. Mr. William Young was also a citizen of considerable repute latterly, and about the same age as Mr. Carman. Both gentlemen leave families, and I would urge as tax of $10,000 be levied for benefit of the heirs of the former, and $5,000 for the latter, upon the disloyal people of the county; also a tax of some $35,000 to rebuild the court-house.

On arriving at Brunswick I was struck with the alarm depicted upon the countenances of the soldiers and citizens. There appeared to be no discipline whatever, no order, nor soldierly bearing amongst the troops. I informed Colonel W. E. Moberly, the commanding officer of my business at his post, and was assured that he would facilitate as far as in his power the investigation I was about to make. At this post there are represented four companies of the Thirty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanded and composed as follows: Company F, Captain Brawner, sixty-one men on duty, all in sympathy with the Southern rebellion (except the officers). The can, however, be relied upon to fight bushwhackers, but will not fight Confederate State Soldiers, and they consider Thrailkill and his confederates as soldiers. Company G, Captain Bucksath, sixty men on duty, fifty of whom are German radicals, and can be relied upon in any emergency; and ten sympathizers with rebellion, who cannot be relied upon to fight against Confederate soldiers. This company was organized for the protection of their own homes at Bowling Green, and declare they must return there to protect them, and are consequently liable to leave here at any time. Company I, Captain Rees, twenty-five men on duty, and all in sympathy with the rebellion. This is the company which furnished

