
the surrender of Keytesville, and some of whose number joined the bushwhackers and marched away with them. They cannot be relied upon at all. Company B, Captain Stanley, six men on duty, all loyal and reliable. This company has furnished nearly all of its number to Colonel Forbes' twelve-months regiment of U. S. Volunteers. There are seventy-five citizens under the command of Captain Cunningham, about half of whom can be relied upon in any emergency, who are neither soldiers nor militia and are only called upon occasionally. Thus it will be seen that the total force, including the citizens' company, consists of 227 men 93 of whom can be depended upon, and 134 whom it is very much feared are anxiously awaiting an opportunity to deliver up the post to their avowed friends, the rebel enemies of the Government. Should Bucksath's company return to Bowling Green there would not remain a loyal man in this neighborhood as all their hopes for life are centered in them. And from my own observation, with a sufficient cause, with one company of soldiers and an officer to command, I should consider this post safe, and unless it can be sent here soon, I earnestly recommend the withdrawal of all Government stores now here, in order that they may not fall into the hands of the first party of armed rebels who may pass this way and want them.

I find that the men of undoubted loyalty are averse to affiliating with the disloyal militia, lest they may be surrendered be them and turned over to the guerrillas, and bushwhackers, to share the same fate that has befallen all loyal men who have been unfortunate enough to fall into their hands. This feeling has so firmly ingrafted itself upon their minds that I think one of the chief sources of danger at this post is a want of determination of every one in authority to do battle against any foe until a victory is won, occasioned by a general distrust of the men. This, notwithstanding I consider the officers undoubtedly loyal. From these and other causes it has been the experience in this county that the legitimate results of arming disloyal men in communities where they preponderate so vastly is to hunt loyalty from the country and compel it to exist wholly by stealth.

While I cannot blame Colonel Moberly or any of his officers in command here (except for lack of proper discipline) for the unsettled state of the country, I unhesitatingly recommend that the Thirty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia be immediately disbanded and, if possible, replaced by 100 soldiers, and authority be given to raise a company of loyal men in the town for the protection of the town, which I consider would establish loyalty on a firm basis and send rebellion and bushwhacking either into the brush or into eternity, where it belong.

Trusting that this report will prove satisfactory, I am, general, with high regards, your obedient servant,

D. J. HYNES,

Chief of Cavalry, District of North Missouri.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri in the Field.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Brunswick, Mo., September 26, 1864

GENERAL: The investigation under Special Field Orders, Numbers 2,. having been concluded by Colonel Hynes, and the result thereof reported to you, I think I may safely make some suggestions with reference to my command without being adjudged guilty of an attempt to frustrate any action that may be taken upon said report.

