
assailed and my life threatened by soldiers for the part I have taken in the premises, but I am not yet persuaded that I should murder innocent men and create more widows and orphans to suffer in order to restore the standard of my loyalty in the estimation of the fanatics by whom it is impeached. In view of the dangers surrounding this post, I have thought bet to ship my extra guns to you for safe-keeping, reserving here only enough to place in the hands of my men. I make no detailed report of the surrender at Keytesville, or any suggestions with reference to the needs of the county, as I presume the report of Colonel Hynes will develop all the information you desire. I am, here subject to such disposal as you may deem proper to make of me, and shall hold my position until relieved or overpowered by numbers, or until my command is taken from me and my forces disbanded.

With sentiments of respect, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MOBERLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Glasgow, Mo.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BRUNSWICK, MO., September 27, 1864.

SIR: On the 3rd of September, 1864, by order of Colonel William E. Moberly, I left Brunswick to take post at Keytesville with thirty-four men, besides Lieutenant Pleyer and myself. On the 5th of September I received a dispatch from Colonel Moberly ordering me to send him twenty-five men, with Lieutenant Pleyer, to Brunswick immediately. In obedience to that order I sent Lieutenant Pleyer with fifteen men, which was all I could possibly send. These men were kept away nearly two weeks, and only returned tow days before the surrender. When Lieutenant Pleyer was absent with his squad I was left at Keytesville with only nineteen men. I then sent some of my men out to notify other members of the company who were at their homes in the county to come into camp. I was not in camp when it surrendered, having gone home on Sunday evening previous, the condition of my family requiring my presence. I should have returned on the next day, but was sick myself, and unable to travel. The next day (Tuesday) I started for camp, but had not proceeded far before I heard that the camp was taken about daylight, when I altered my course and reported at Brunswick.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERRY OWEN,

First Lieutenant Commanding, Co., I, 35th Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Statement of Anthony Pleyer, who, being be my duly sworn, deposeth and says:

I am a citizen of Chariton County, Mo.; my rank is second lieutenant of Captain Rees' company (I), Thirty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Question. Were you on duty with a detachment of your company at Keytesville, Mo., on the 20th day of September, 1864?

Answer. Yes, sir.

