
Numbers 44. Report of Captain George A. Holloway, U. S. Army, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 18, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to furnish for your information a few facts concerning the engagement at Glasgow, Mo., on the 15th instant, I being present at the time and en route to rejoin you, as previously ordered.

The force at Glasgow consisted of six companies of Forty-third Missouri Infantry, detachment of Companies B and M, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia; detachment of Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry:detachment Fourth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, and two companies of citizen militia, numbering in the aggregate about 550 men, indifferently armed, and under the command of Colonel Chester Harding, jr., Forty-third Missouri Infantry. The attack was made from the south side of the river at about 5 a.m. with artillery, which firing continued until about 1 p.m. This battery of four pieces was supported by about 1,500 or 1,800 dismounted cavalry, using long range guns and operating principally as sharpshooters. Their especial purpose appeared to be to prevent our forces from approaching the steamer West Wind, lying at the levee, and to render it impossible for us to cross and recross the streets running at right angles with the river. Their sharpshooters were successful in killing 2 or 3 men, wounding others, and shooting 1 or 2 officers' horses. Their shells destroyed or injured such buildings as were in range, especially those situated near a line of rifle-pits which had been hastily prepared by the militia the day previous, and in which the militia forces were posted. At about 7 a.m. Clark's division moved on us simultaneously from the north and on the Boonville, Fayette, and Keytesville roads, speedily dismounted and encircled the town, with their flanks resting on the river. Three pieces of cannon were interspersed along their line and in position to concentrate their fire upon the rifle-pit. Our forces were posted as follows: The detachment of Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, commanded by Captain Mayo, on the extreme right; six companies of the Forty-third Missouri Infantry, Major Davis commanding, on the front and center, and detachment of Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under Captain Hunter, on the left, making an extended line about one mile in length with natural formation of the surface in our favor. The enemy advanced skirmishing along the entire line, and in one or two instances undertook an assault, but were driven back to the shelter of houses, fences, &amp;c. The militia and citizens in the rifle-pit aided materially in repelling the assaults referred to. A detachment of eighty-five men of Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanded of eighty-five men of Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanded by Captain S. A. Hunter checked the advance of Lawther's entire regiment, on the extreme left, and held them at bay until the engagement ended.

The line which was at first established had been forced back upon the right and center gradually, until at 1 o'clock the forces were separated by only the width of village lots, our boys sheltered by the front fences and the enemy firing from behind those in the rear. At this juncture the enemy was observed to be concentrating for an advance in force, which, had it been consummated, would have proved very disastrous to the tired and hungry men and a resistance avail little or nothing. Eight hours of constant and determined fighting had passed;

