
the buildings containing ordnance, commissary, and quartermaster stores had been fired; the steamer West Wind was disabled by shells; every line of retreat was cut off, and every road covered by their artillery fire. Further resistance seemed futile to the officer in command, who (after reviewing the condition and position of his command, and obtaining intimations from the rebel commander that he would offer honorable terms) consented to surrender the place upon the following condition viz: The Federal troops to form line and move to a street designated with arms and their colors flying; the private property of both officers and men to remain in their possession; officers to retain their side arms and citizens to be undisturbed either in person or property. Both officers and men had been under a constant fire for nearly eight hours, and their conduct apparently unexceptionable. Second Lieutenant George F. Simmonds, Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, was shot dead while leading a detachment of soldiers to a favorable position for sharpshooting. He was absent from his command (proper) upon sick leave, but volunteered to accompany Colonel Harding as his aide and after tendering his services was ordered to report to Colonel Harding for orders and duty. Captain Steinmetz, commanding one of the militia companies, was also killed. Captain Dusold, Company A, Forty-third Missouri Infantry, was wounded in the head, but will doubtless recover. The surgeon's report shows 8 killed and 28 wounded. The enemy's loss was much larger, several officers having been killed and many officers and men wounded. The property lost consisted of arms taken from our men and about 1,000 suits of cavalry clothing, which had been temporarily left at the place by Major Curtis, aide-de-camp to Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas. It was impossible to get near this property, or it would have been burned with other public property. The enlisted men were paroled by calling their names from the company books and administering the ordinary parole oath. Officers were delivered a written parole signed by order of Brigadier General J. B. Clark, commanding Confederate forces. General Clark permitted us to proceed by any route we might select to the Federal forces, and accordingly crossed us over the Missouri River. We marched via Little Saline, Arrow Rock, and La Mine River to Boonville. Many citizens and non-combatants joined us in our march from rebel rule.

I must testify to the uniform, kind, and gentlemanly treatment we received at the hands of the Confederate officers, among whom were Brigadier General J. B. Clark, Brigadier General Joe Shelby, Colonels Greene, Quantrill, Jackman, Kitchen, Jeffers, Burbridge, Coleman, and Nichols, all Missourians, and most of them subordinate to Major-General Marmaduke.

No attempts were made to abandon the place either before or after the attack, positive orders from general Rosecrans having been received directing the garrison to remain there as assistance would soon be given. Under the instructions received no alternative was left but to fight whatever force might attack us, and to do the best possible thing under the circumstances. Colonel Harding's report will doubtless furnish full and official particulars and information.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.

