
Numbers 45. Report of Lieutenant Amos J. Harding, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT JOSEPH, October 18, 1864.

Ridgely, Platte County, Mo., was captured and plundered by guerrillas on the night of the 16th. Smithville, Clay County, was burned last night by same band-Chiles'. Soldiers just arrived at Weston From Liberty report 500 rebels at Missouri City yesterday.

A. J. HARDING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

Captain FRANK ENO.

(Care Colonel J. V. Du Bois.)

Numbers 46. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph B. Douglass, Missouri State Militia.

ROCHEPORT, September 24, 1864.

Major Leonard with detachment of the Ninth Missouri State Militia met seven of Anderson's men yesterday, killed 6 of the, captured 7 horses and 30 revolvers. Boone and Howard Counties are full or rebels. I met them on every road from Mexico to this place.

J. B. DOUGLASS

Brigadier-General.

General FISK, Glasgow.

ROCHEPORT, September 24, 1864.

Colonel Matthews' escort of eighty men for baggage train was surprised late yesterday evening seven miles northeast from this place. Twelve of his men were killed on the ground and quite a number are yet missing. The entire train, consisting of quartermaster and commissary stores and all his ammunition, was captured. The rebels were said to be commanded by the two Todds, Anderson, and Gooch, numbering 300 men. On receiving news of the fight, I sent the First Iowa and part of the Third Missouri to the scene of action. They arrived in the night and remained on the ground, and Colonel Draper having arrived I ordered him out at 3 o'clock this morning with 250 men, making the whole Federal force about 350. The rebels moved west into Howard County toward the river. We are out of commissary supplies; send us some by first boat.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General FISK.

FAYETTE, September 25, 1864-11 a.m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left Rocheport this morning with 550 men, consisting of the First Iowa, Seventeenth Illinois, Third and Ninth Missouri State Militia. After seeing your letter to Colonel Matthews, in which you stated that you would leave Glasgow and move toward Rocheport, I determined to remain here until I heard from you, but later news received just before night, in which it was reported that this place had been captured by Thrailkill, Todd,

