
half my command to her. Notwithstanding this assistance we met with frequent detentions by grounding on bars. The boats could not run after dark. Arriving at Camden at night-fall the boats were landed opposite the town. Guerrillas were reported to occupy Wellington, seven miles below, and to be annoying citizens of Lexington. To clear them away from the river-bank I took four companies ashore and marched through Wellington to Lexington, distance fifteen miles, reaching the city before daybreak, and there awaited the boats, which came in a few hours afterward. The Government stores spoken of were loaded upon the Benton by the post quartermaster who placed his sergeant in charge of them. On the 11th of October, when near Brunswick, I learned that the town was occupied by guerrillas and rebel conscripts. We approached the place with caution, landed at the mouth of Grand River, and a portion of the troops were taken ashore. We found some forty or fifty of the enemy well posted in a strong log and earth worth. Our skirmishers, under Lieutenant Simmonds, fired upon them, and they were said to have lost two men, who were carried off by their comrades, mortally wounded. They mounted their horses, left their fortifications without returning our fire, and fled to the woods. I feared that they would concentrate near the river-bank below us and attack our boats. I therefore remained over night, mounted about fifty men and sent them to disperse any hostile bands which they might meet. Only one small squad was reported to have been found. Early the next morning we started for Glasgow, where the assistant adjutant-general and myself both expected to received orders from the commanding general. We grounded near Cambridge and could not start again until the afternoon of the 13th. While lying aground I learned that Cambridge, a mile below us, was held by rebel conscripts and Shelby's men to the number of about fifty. I also received a dispatch from Captain Mayo, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, commanding at Glasgow, stating that his communications were cut off and asking for assistance. We ran by Cambridge without stopping, delivering our fire into the town and the woods below it as we passed, scattering the rebels, and arrived at Glasgow on the evening of the 13th without loss, excepting from disease.

I found that Captain Mayo ha received orders from department headquarters to hold the city. The officers and leading citizens whom I met after landing, did not anticipate any attack other than from irregular troops and conscripts who had gathered near Keytesville, Roanoke, and Fayette. The garrison of the place, re-enforced by my command, was considered ample to defend it, although before our arrival considerable apprehension had been felt. Information had been received that Price's main army was at Boonville, and that some of his forces were at Arrow Rock, but it was further believed that he had been routed at Jefferson City: that our troops were in close pursuit of him; that he had no steam or other ferry boat with which to cross any large body of men with or without artillery; and that another column of our army was a high up as Rocheport, advancing on the north bank of the river to intercept him and prevent the crossing, should he attempt it. No fears of an attack from Price's regular force had been entertained. The danger was thought to lie in the concentration of conscripts and bushwhackers in a body, greatly exceeding Captain Mayo's small command, and then sweeping through the city for the sake of plunder. It was supposed also that on the next day the telegraph line to Allen could be repaired. As it would have been worse than useless to attempt to pass Arrow Rock and Boonville, when it was evident that

