
we were no longer needed at Jefferson City, and as nothing seemed to justify the abandonment of Glasgow, I determined to remain there. On the morning of the 14th Captain Bingham, of the Saline County militia, with eighty-five mounted men, was sent out to re-establish telegraphic communications. He returned near night-fall, unsuccessful, having encountered about 250 rebels on his way. On the same day, also, the Benton's cargo was unloaded and Major Curtis proceeded up the river with her. In this bold undertaking I was very happy to hear that he succeeded. He did not reach his destination without having to run the gauntlet of the bushwhackers. Major Curtis, the master of the boat, Captain Fechto, and his officers and crew, are said to have exhibited the most determined courage on the trip. I wish here to return my thanks to Major Curtis for his uniform readiness to perform all that I asked of him, and for the willing assistance which he gave me on all occasions. The West Wind, in the opinion of her master, drew too much water to venture to go with the Benton, and was subsequently disabled by the enemy's artillery, and later still, was burned by the rebels at the levee at Glasgow. After making myself somewhat acquainted with the ground, pickets were strengthened, the mounted men being advanced from one to two miles on the different roads; scouts were sent out and the battalion of the Forty-third was moved into camp in a good position, between the Huntsville plank road and the Fayette road. In the evening I assumed command of the post, with Lieutenant I. H. Eldridge, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry (who had reported to me for duty), as post-adjutant. The garrison consisted of 481 officers and men of the Forty-third Missouri, Ninth Missouri State Militia, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, and Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, for duty, and about 150 militia and citizens. The fighting force on the next day, however, did not exceed 550 men and we had no artillery. The Boonville and Fayette roads both cross a creek which runs along the southern edge of the town, the bridges being a mile or more apart. The plank road enters the town between that creek and another running along the northern limits of the place. The Keytesville road and several others, including the Huntsville dirt road, converge and cross the northern creek near the bank of the Missouri River; the houses of the Messrs. Lewis are north of it on elevated ground. Captain Hunter, with parts of Companies B and M, Ninth Missouri State Militia, were stationed near the house of Mr. Ben. Lewis. Captain Mayo had charge of the bridge on the Boonville road. A strong infantry picket reserve was stationed at the bridge on the Fayette road, and the camp of the Forty-third Missouri was about equi-distant from Captains Hunter and Mayo, on a ridge between the Fayette, and Huntsville plank roads. The citizen guards and some of the militia were quartered in town.

At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 15th the enemy opened upon the town with two pieces, a 12-pounder and a 6-pounder, rifled, from the opposite bank of the river. At the same time a scout came in and reported 900 men advancing from Keytesville. Sharpshooters were sent to drive back the artillery, and the mounted pickets in the direction of Keytesville were re-enforced, with instructions to skirmish back when attacked. A lieutenant of Captain Bingham's company Saline County independent militia was in charge of the picket. The sharpshooters drove the enemy's guns back into the woods and they did not annoy us much until later in the day. The lieutenant of the picket became in danger of being cut off and escaped with forty men to Macon City. Immediately after these arrangements were made one of the vedettes on the Boonville road came in and reported the enemy advancing in

