
heavy force. It was not long before the head of the column appeared. The enemy deployed on the slope facing the creek south of the town under and in front of two field pieces which were placed in position on the crest of the heights. I sent Major B. K. Davis, of the Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, with three companies of that regiment, to hold the bank of the creek from the bridge on the Fayette road down toward Captain Mayo. Captain Dusold, with his company (A, Forty-third), was sent to re-enforce Captain Mayo; Captain Steinmetz, with a citizen company was ordered to take ground between Davis and Mayo. The bridges had been made impassable by taking up the planks. Two companies of the Forty-third were left in camp with skirmishers out. Captain Hunter was a mile and a half north of the line thus formed and could not safely be withdrawn. The troops along the creek resisted the passage of it manfully, but soon had to be ordered back, as the enemy's force was so great that he was enabled not only to pass around both flanks, but to pour through the long intervals which necessarily existed in the line. By this time a brigade which had passed to the east of us was advancing upon my camp with one field guns, and the two companies there were hotly engaged. Another large body, which afterward proved to be Lawther's regiment, passed around still farther to the east, intending to enter the town from the north. In attempting this it fell in with the troops posted in the neighborhood of Mr. Lewis' place and was held in check by them all day. As these troops could not be moved from their position without letting Lawther down upon my left flank and rear, and were so remote as not to be engaged with any other portion of the enemy's army, no further mention need be made of them than that they fought with much gallantry, and that to them and their leaders, Captain Hunter and his officers and Lieutenant Eldridge of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, great praise is due for their obstinate resistance. The line of defense, to which we fell back from the creek, had for its right an elevation in town, around the crest of which some slight rifle-pits, had been constructed and for its left a brick school-house. About 800 yards north along the ridge between these points are several brick and wooden buildings. The retreat to this line was very slow, every possible opportunity being taken to retard the enemy's progress. Adjt. Joseph Thompson, of the Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, conducted the retreat of the two companies at my camp to the let of the new position with skill and bravery, punishing the enemy (Greene's brigade) very severely. Another company of the Forty-third was sent to him. Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes assisted on the right and with Companies C and G (Captains Brown and Kirkham), Forty-third Missouri, turned upon one of Jackman's regiments, charged and broke it. Major Davis brought in and posted the center under a heavy fire in good order. In fact, none of the volunteers, were thrown into disorder at any time, so far as my observation went.
During the morning a flag of truce came to me from the enemy's lines. It was borne by two citizens, who informed me that Brigadier General John B. Clark, jr., was in command of the forces in my front and on my flanks, having about 4,000 men; that Brigadier-General Shelby had his division on the opposite side, and that a steam-boat was on its way up to cross the river. As these gentlemen brought me no message from the rebel commander I had no answer to send. The rifle-pits were designed to hold about 250 men. To the east, southeast, and south were house which were occupied by the enemy as fast as their artillery drove us out of them, except those which we were able to burn. The western face and the area inside of them, as well as the streets

