
when the command started for our lines, assisted by the Rev. N. Alvord, acting chaplain of the Forty-third. They remained faithfully at their posts after the regular Confederate forces left, during the days when Anderson and Jackman and their gangs of murderers and fiends had possession of the place and threatened the massacre of all who were in the U. S. service. Neither the surgeons the chaplain nor any of the hospital nurses, or of the sick and wounded, was made prisoner or paroled by the rebels and on the other hand I learned that the surgeon and assistants in their hospital extended protection to our people against Anderson's men, and shared with us such stores as they could procure. Our loss was 11 killed and 32 wounded. That of the enemy was much larger. His killed and mortally wounded on both sides of the river is known to have been as many as 67, and his wounded exceeded 200, according to the best accounts I have.

I acknowledge with great pleasure the assistance rendered me by Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes, Surgeon Porter, Major Moore, Captain Holloway, and Lieutenants Cotton and Eldridge, who placed themselves under my orders as soon as the engagement commenced and performed their various duties with gallantry and skill under severe fire. Major Moore's horse was shot under him. Second Lieutenant Simmonds, Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, was killed while leading some men to an important position. He at all times exhibited unflinching energy and bravery, and by his death the service has lost an officer who was a credit to it. The officers and men of my original command and of the former garrison of the place, with few exceptions behaved extremely well. I desire to call particular attention to the good conduct of Major Davis and Adjutant Thompson, of the Forty-third, and of Captain Mayo, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry. Lists of my killed and wounded have been furnished.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Missouri.

ADDENDA.

List of killed and wounded in the action at Glasgow, Mo., on the 15th of October, 1864.*

Forty-third Missouri Volunteers; Killed, 8; wounded 26. Citizen Guard, Glasgow: Killed, 2. Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry: Killed, 1; wounded 6.

Immediately after the action there were missing of the Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, 9; Thirteenth Cavalry, 3; militia reported, 69. No names of the militia can be furnished. They had no organization under the law, but were independent companies. The missing men of the Forty-third and the Thirteenth Missouri have since reported for duty. Copies of this list have heretofore been sent to district commander, through Colonel Bonneville, to department headquarters, and to the Adjutant-General at Washington.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Forty-third Missouri Volunteers.

*Nominal list omitted.

