
under Captain Preuitt, Edwards, and Vincent. Have killed 13 bushwhackers and captured some arms, a few horses and mules. No casualties on our part except 1 man wounded. Expect to be at New Madrid in a few days, when I will furnish a detailed report.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General EWING.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT, Cape Girardeau, Mo., July 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant I moved from New Madrid with detachments of the First Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, and Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanded, respectively, by Captains Preuitt, Edwards, and Vincent, numbering in all about 200 men. At Weaversville, twenty miles west of New Madrid, we killed James Fields, a noted guerrilla of that vicinity, and near that place wounded a guerrilla captain, who, however, escaped in a swamp, but has, as I am informed, since died. From Weaversville we moved west across Little River, and over what is known as the plank road, a distance of twelve miles, to Clarkton, in Dunklin County. On the morning of the 6th we moved from Clarkton in a southwesterly direction across the swamps and bayous extending out from the Saint Francis River. We surprised and routed several small parties of guerrillas during the day,and killed in all 8 of their number. Crossing the Saint Francis we halted for the night on Blue Cane Island. On the morning of the 7th we marched on Scatterville, Greene County, Ark., where we came upon Bolin's band and a party of Kitchen's men; we killed 4, the rest scattered. No loss on our part except 1 man wounded. We then moved in a northeasterly direction eighteen miles to Brown's Ferry, where we halted for the night. On the following morning was swam our horses across the Saint Francis River and marched by way of Clarkton and over the plank road to Weaversville. On the 9th I sent about one-half of the command back to New Madrid under Lieutenant Burnett, and proceeded with the remainder to Gayoso and Caruthersville, in Pemiscot County, to co-operate with an infantry force under Captain Kelling, which I had previously ordered into that region. At Caruthersville we came upon Bush Powell with a very small party of men; we killed 1, the others escaped. The command of Captain Kelling, consisting of forty men of Company E, First Infantry Missouri State Militia, and thirty-five men of Company B, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, African descent, embarked on board the gun-boat Huntress, No. 58, at New Madrid on the 6th and at Quigley's, near the Arkansas line, on the morning of the 7th. From there it marched west into Cowskin Settlement; found a camp that had just been evacuated, and had a skirmish with a small party of bushwhackers, but could find no considerable force. On the 8th they moved northeast,and camped that night near Caruthersville. During the day and night they had several skirmishes with the guerrillas, killing in all, as Captain Kelling learned from the citizens the following day, 8 of their number. On the 9th instant, the day on which my cavalry arrived at Caruthersville, Captain Kelling, with his command, moved from that place per steamer Graham to New Madrid, and on the following day I marched with the cavalry to the same point. Result of the combined movement is 23 bushwhackers killed, several muskets, rifles, and revolvers captured

