
I endeavored in every way to find out their whereabouts, but have not been able to hear of them since they went into that country. Anderson was at least thirty hours ahead of me when I got to Centralia, and I knew he must turn back or cross te river before I could get to him. I came back here, after ordering the citizens to bury the eighty-five bodies left at Centralia, as this was the best point at which to get information from the country. Colonel Stauber sent out scouts this afternoon, which have not yet returned, to ascertain the cause of firing heard by citizens of the country south of this. The party has orders not to fight but get information. As soon as it returns I will give results.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier-General FISK.

Numbers 50. Report of Major Hiram Hilliard, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLATTE,Weston, Mo., December 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a report agreeable to your requirement under date December 2, 1864.

Since the 1st day of August, 1864, the date of my command leaving Saint Joseph, Mo., up to present date, and in all the skirmishes had with the enemy, none of my command have been killed and none wounded by shot. Charles W. Yoder, of A Company, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry was severely beaten about the head by a blow from a rifle in the hands of one of Lieutenant Gordon's gang, but has since entirely recovered, and one man, Sergt. Henry Harrington, of A Company, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, sustained a fracture of the clavicle by the falling of his horse while engaged with the same gang.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding Detachment Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 51. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thaddeus J. Stauber, Forty-second Missouri Infantry.

STURGEON, September 24, 1864

One hundred of the Third Missouri State Militia were attacked yesterday eight miles north of Rocheport and routed by Bill Anderson at the head of 300 guerrillas. Third lost all their company and quartermaster teams and camp equipage, ammunition, and headquarters books and papers, and medical stores, and took thirty prisoners mostly foot-men. Eleven got into this post about 12 o'clock last night. The men were under command of Captain McFaden, who has not yet been heard from. I am mounting the men as rapidly as they can get horses.

T. J. STAUBER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

General FISK.

