
Numbers 52. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel P. Cox, Thirty-third Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Richmond, Mo., October 27, 1864.

DEAR SIR: We have the honor to report the result of our expedition on yesterday against the notorious bushwhacker, William T. Anderson, and his forces, near Albany, in the southwest corner of this county (Ray.)

Learning his whereabouts we struck camp on yesterday morning and made a forced march and came in contact with their pickets about a mile this side of Albany; drove them in and through Albany and into the woods beyond. We dismounted our men in the town, threw our infantry force into the woods beyond, sending a cavalry advance who engaged the enemy and fell back, when Anderson and his fiendish gang, about 300 strong, raised the Indian yell and came in full speed upon our lines, shooting and yelling as they came. Our lines held their position without a break. The notorious bushwhacker, Anderson, and one of his men, supposed to be Captain Rains, son of General Rains, charged through our lines. Anderson was killed and fell some fifty steps in our rear, receiving two balls in the side of the head. Rains made his escape and their forces retreated in full speed, being completely routed; our cavalry pursued them some ten miles, finding the road strewn with blood for miles. We hear of them scattered in various directions, some considerable force of them making their way toward Richfield, in Clay County. We captured on Anderson private papers and orders from General Price that identify him beyond a doubt.

I have the honor to report that my officers and men conducted themselves well and fought bravely on the field. We had 4 men wounded; lost none. The forces of my command consisted of a portion of Major Grimes', of Ray County, Fifty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, and a portion of the Thirty-third Enrolled Missouri Militia, from Daviess and Caldwell Counties.

Respectfully, yours,

S. P. COX,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

General CRAIG.

Numbers 53. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edward A. Kutzner, Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry.

MACON, September 27, 1864.

Major Johnston attacked Anderson at Centralia this afternoon. Our forces are cut to pieces and Major Johnston supposed to be killed. Major Johnston had parts of two companies-probably 200 men. Captain Smith Supposed to be killed. Rebels have 600 or 700 men.

E. A. KUTZNER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

General FISK.

