HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH Regiment INFTY., MISSOURI VOLS.,Macon, Mo., September 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that detachments of the Companies A, G, and H, of this regiment, under the command of Major A. V. E. Johnston, left Paris, Mo., at 10 p.m. on the 26th instant, marched during the night, and about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 27th instant struck a trail which was supposed to be that of Anderson's guerrillas. The command followed said trail to Centralia, where information was received that Anderson had burned the depot and two trains on the North Missouri Railroad, and murdered 24 soldiers, who were returning to their homes. The major determined at once to attack the enemy, and, sending a dispatch to Sturgeon for re-enforcements and leaving Captain Theis with thirty-three men in the town, marched with 125 of his command one mile and a half in a southeasterly direction, when, discovering the guerrillas, formed his line of battle and dismounted his men. About the time the order was executed Anderson charged with his whole force, a part of which had been concealed by a hollow in the prairie. Our forces had but time to fire one volley, when the enemy from his great superiority of numbers and arms broke through the line, completely surrounding the troops, giving no quarter and mutilating bodies. Captain Theis, hearing Major Johnston was killed and his command cut to pieces, ordered a retreat, and succeeded in saving eighteen out of the thirty-three men left in the town.

I have to deplore the loss of the brave and chivalrous Major A. V. E. Johnston, Captain J. A. Smith, an officer of much merit, and the gallant soldiers who fell on this bloody field.

Herewith inclosed please find return of the killed, wounded, and missing.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. A. KUTZNER

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of North Missouri.

[Inclosure.]

Return of the killed, wounded and missing in the Thirty-ninth Regiment Infantry Missouri Volunteers, at Centralia, Mo., September 27, 1864.*

Recapitulation: Killed, 2 officers, 114 enlisted men; wounded, 2 enlisted men; missing, 6 enlisted men; total, 124.

I certify that the above is a correct return of the killed, wounded, and missing in the Thirty-ninth Regiment Infantry Missouri Volunteers, at the engagement at Centralia, Mo., September 27, 1864.

THOS. C. TRIPLER,

First Lieutenant and Adjt., Thirty-ninth Regiment Infty. Missouri Vols.

Numbers 54. Report of Major George Deagle, Sixty-fifth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CARROLLTON, MO., December 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following report of the surrender of my command at Carrollton, Mo., on the 17th of October 1864:

On the morning of the 17th my pickets that had been on duty the night before on the road north of town came in from their post without

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

