
souri River at Brunswick and went to Waverly. Not finding Shelby there, they told me that they should have to take the prisoners with them until they came to Shelby's brigade. They traveled about two miles when a halt was made, and there seemed to be considerable excitement among them. I asked Major Cravens the cause and he told me that they were cut off from the Confederate army. At this time Captain (or Colonel) Williams rode back to me and said that he had just received orders from Shelby to parole all the prisoners captured at Carrollton. The prisoners were then drawn up in line and their names taken. They were then sworn not to bear arms until legally exchanged. The rebel officer then made in sign the obligation for my men, after which they were released except the six- F. Addison, William Silkey, Joel Trotter, Alexander Stanley, Joseph Street, and John Street. I demanded the release of these men also. Williams said he had charges against the for which he would hold them and give them a fair trial (the charges he said were the same as against Captain Beaty.) If they were found guilty of violating the rules of war they would be punished; if not they would be escorted to the Federal lines and released. I afterward learned that Williams gave them up to one of Anderson's men and that they were shot. Their bodies have since been found and identified. They were shot and buried near the place where I left them.

At the time the rebels came into the town I had but about 160 men fit for duty and was short of ammunition. At the time that I took command of the post at this place there was no ammunition on hand. I sent to you twice for ammunition and received a box each time, but about half of that had been used by the men on scouts and picket duty. Under these circumstances and not seeing any prospect of re-enforcements I thought best to surrender.

I have the honor to remain colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE DEAGLE,

Major Sixty-fifth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Colonel J. H. SHANKLIN,

Commanding Sub-District of Chillicothe.

Numbers 55. Report of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army, commanding District of Saint Louis.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 24th of September the major-general commanding, having learned that Price's army had entered the department by way of Poplar Bluffs and Bloomfield, ordered me to take a brigade of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, which was then at Jefferson Barracks, and patrol and garrison the Iron Mountain Railroad, reporting to Major General A. J. Smith, who was to follow next day with the other brigades of the division. At De Soto, leaving the rest of the brigade to await further orders from General Smith, I went on with the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, strengthening the garrisons at all the bridges and making temporary headquarters at Mineral Point. From each station where there

