
We still held with skirmishers the sides of Shepherd's Mountain except the gap, and the side of Pilot Knob not raked by their artillery. After an hour of lull, lines of the enemy were seen at exposed points on the summits of the two hills moving down; and almost before we could open fire on them another white flag was raised on a rock near the summit of Shepherd's Mountain where a group of officers had been taking observations under shelter. With the opening of a brisk cannonade on the group the flag was hauled down. The design was plainly to suspend the firing so that their forces might approach to the assault in safety. I now ordered into the fort the section of artillery operating outside, but the horses stampeded and could not be got in . The section remained under cover of our fire, however, and was brought in before dark. Here the enemy opened on us with two guns from the summit of Shepherd's Mountain at about 800 yards, and two from the side at a less distance. The guns were well covered and we could not silence them, the two nearest getting and keeping our range exactly. The division on Shepherd's Mountain was Marmaduke's, which, on the withdrawal of the white flag and the opening of their artillery, moved rapidly down to the assault his line greatly broken by the rugged and steep descent, and by our fire, which told with marked effect upon them. On reaching the plain the most of the assaulting force took cover in the deep bed of the creek, from which they opened and kept up an incessant fire. About 100 ventured on to the assault but fell or were driven back before they reached the ditch. Almost simultaneously with the movement of Marmaduke's division, that of General Fagan moved over Pilot Knob in stronger force, and less disturbed by our fire sweeping back in disorder or cutting off our companies which held the town and part of the mountain sides. His lines were greatly broken by the houses and fences of the skirt of the town, but were hastily reformed by him and by General Cabell, who led the assault, and swept upon the plain in handsome style, yelling and ont he double-quick. We opened on them when at 600 yards from the fort with musketry from the ramparts and from the long lien of the north rifle-pits, and with canister from seven pieces of artillery. They rushed on most gallantly, but were broken, confused, and swept down by our rapid and well-directed fire until the advance reached the ditch, when the attacking forces fled in dismay, leaving apparently almost half their comrades dead or wounded on the plain. Pending the assaults the enemy threw a large cavalry force around the west end of Shepherd's Mountain to occupy the road north of us to Mineral Point. As they moved along the base of Cedar Mountain just after the last assault was repulsed a sortie was made from the north ditch by which they were routed and lost considerably. A half hour of ineffective musketry and artillery firing ended the engagement with the approach of night.

An examination of prisoners that evening, convinced me that Price was there with about 12,000 men and ten pieces of artillery, Shelby's division with eight pieces having gone from Fredericktown to Farmington. I had found myself unable with my force intact to hold the mountain sides so as to prevent his planting artillery there. My command was now reduced one-fourth in effective strength, as I had lost 75 killed and wounded and in our possession, and double that number missing. I knew that the next morning the enemy having possession of the mountain tops and sides would place all his artillery in position to command the fort, which would make it certainly untenable. That morning, at the time when telegraphic communication ended, two infantry regiments of Major-General Smith's command were at Mineral Point,

