
and brought in, near 50 common rifles and shotguns, which were unfit for Government use, captured and destroyed, and 52 horses and mules captured and turned over to the quartermaster at New Madrid.

I have the honor to be, general, yours to command,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, Mo.

JULY 6-24, 1864.- Scout in Southeastern Arizona.

Report of Major Joseph Smith, Fifth California Infantry.

FORT GOODWIN, ARIZ. TER., July 25, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report for the information of the colonel commanding that in compliance with Special Orders, No. 78, dated headquarters Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter., July 5, 1864, I left this post on the afternoon of July 6 with a command consisting of Captain E. B. Frink and his company (A), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers; Lieutenant John Martin and his company (D), First Infantry California Volunteers; Lieutenant Porter Haden and fifteen men of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, for an Indian scout in the vicinity of the Rio San Francisco or Nutroso and its tributaries. On leaving the fort we proceeded in a northerly direction to the Rio Gila, where we camped for the night; distance about three miles. Plenty wood and water; grass of an inferior quality. Left this camp on the morning of July 7 at 5 o'clock. Crossed river and proceeded up a deep sandy arroyo for about seven miles; then came into the high rough mountains. Crossed this range and turned to the right along north side of them. Arrived at some water-holes in a deep rocky ravine at 2 p.m. about six miles from summit of mountain. Men and mules very tired, trail being rough and rocky and mountains high. Barely sufficient water here for my command; plenty wood and grass; day's march about eighteen miles. Left camp at the Tanks at 6 a.m. July 8;marched over a range of rolling hills and deep gulches. Halted at cienega at 8 o'clock. Found this cienega completely dry and no water for animals anywhere to be found. Sent some men up the canon about 600 yards and found a hole in the rocks with sufficient water to fill the men's canteens. Distance from the Tanks to this cienega by the route I traveled, eight miles, and by the trail traveled by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis some two months ago, twelve miles. Left this cienega at 9 a.m. and marched over low, rolling hills mostly covered with small, loose rock, and struck the spring at the head of the Rio Bonito at about 4 p.m. Went down the stream about one mile and camped for the night. The trail to-day leads through a large wide valley running southeast and northwest, the same as described by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis as reaching the San Carlos. The valley has the appearance of being rough and broken by short mesas and deep sandy ravines. Saw some five pony tracks in this valley two or three days old, leading in the direction of the San Carlos. Found the tracks of two or three Indians on the river this evening when going into camp, which led me to think that there might be a rancheria on this creek lower down, so I ordered Captain Frink to take twenty men of his company,and Lieutenant

