
to Major H. H. Williams, Tenth Kansas; Captain Charles S. Hills, Tenth Kansas; Captain H. B. Milks, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia; Lieutenant David Murphy, Forty-seventh Missouri Infantry, and Surg. S. D. Carpenter, of my staff, I am indebted for and intelligent and thorough discharge of duty which contributed largely to our success. Nearly an hundred citizens of Pilot Knob and Ironton (among whom were General McCormick, Colonel Lindsay, Captain Leeper, Major Emerson, and other well known gentlemen), organized and commanded by Captain P. F. Lonergan, First Infantry Missouri State Militia, fought and worked well. A colored man named Charles Thurston, organized and commanded a company of negroes, who eagerly bore their share of labor and danger. I owe it to the cherished memory of Major Wilson, to add in conclusion an honorable mention of his name, not only because of the nerve and skill with which for two days preceding the assault he embarrassed and delayed the overwhelming forces of the enemy, but also because of his long and useful service in this district unblemished by a fault.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR., Brigadier-General.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Dept. of the Missouri.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 189. Saint Louis, Mo., October 6, 1864.

With pride and pleasure the commanding general notices the gallant conduct of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., and his command, in the defense of Pilot Knob, and in the subsequent retreat to Rolla. With scarcely 1,000 effective men they repulsed the attacks of Price's invading army, and successfully retreated with their battery a distance of 100 miles, in the face of a pursuing and assailing cavalry force of five times their number. Such conduct deserves imitation, particularly when contrasted with the cowardly conduct of the troops at Osage bridge. The general commanding presents his hearty thanks and congratulations to Colonel Thomas C. Fletcher, Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers; Major James Wilson, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia; Captain Robert L. Lindsay, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers; Captain William J. Campbell, Company K, Fourteenth Iowa Volunteers; Captain W. C. F. Montgomery, Second Missouri Artillery; Captain A. P. Wright, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia; Lieutenant John Fessler, First Infantry Missouri State Militia, and the officers and men under their command. They have deserved well of their country. The general commanding desires also publicly to recognize the courage and efficiency of Lieutenant Colonel Amos W. Maupin, Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers; Major H. H. Williams, Tenth Kansas Volunteers; Captain Charles S. Hills, Tenth Kansas Volunteers; Captain H. B. Milks, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia; Captain P. F. Lonergan, First Infantry Missouri State Militia; and First Lieutenant David Murphy, adjutant Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers. Under such commanders Federal troops should always march to victory.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

