
Numbers 56. Reports of Actg. Asst. Surg. Thomas W. Johnson, U. S. Army.

IRONTON, MO., December 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following list of killed and wounded in the fight of September 27, 1864, at Pilot Knob, Mo.*

T. W. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

Surg. S. D. CARPENTER, U. S. Volunteers,

Medical Director.

PILOT KNOB, December 10, 1864.

GENERAL: The following men were killed September 27, 1864.+ Besides these 7 [?] killed and 12 mortally wounded there were 49 others with lesser wounds whose names I sent you to-day. In addition to this J. L. Harris, private, Company C, Third Missouri State Militia, and Robert summers, private, Company A, Third Missouri State Militia, were killed at Leasburg, September 30, 1864. This list comprises all the casualties which I have any record of.

Yours,

T. W. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Surgeon.

Brigadier-General EWING.

Numbers 57. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 22, 1864.

The rebels attacked Captain Sells two or three times this morning. The last attack was made near Sikeston. Sells formed his men in line, and opened on them with howitzers. When the rebels attacked, Sells was forced to burn his train between the Castor and Whitewater. He was at Benton with his forces this evening, and will be in during the night. This was about 10 o'clock in the morning. They did not make their appearance again, and he marched here unmolested. His loss in 3 killed, 7 wounded, and some 10 missing - reports killing 20. The rebels had one 2-pounder gun. Captain Sells informs me that while he was fighting with musketry he heard cannon firing at Bloomfield, and from the sound and distance judges the guns to be 12-pounders. The force that marched on bloomfield was commanded by Colonels Jeffers, Kitchen, and Major Parrott, 1,500 strong. Sells reports some 6,000 men marching toward Chalk Bluff from Gainesville.

H. M. HILLER.

Brigadier-General EWING.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 14 enlisted men and 8 citizens killed and 42 enlisted men and 5 citizens wounded.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 enlisted men and 2 citizens killed and 10 enlisted men and 2 citizens wounded.

---------------

