
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 24, 1864.

My picket force at Jackson was attacked and driven in about sundown this evening at Whitewater bridge, on Bloomfield road. Fell back at 4 p. m. on account of large rebel force crossing above them. The lieutenant in charge reports that from the best information he could get there were 5,000 rebels approaching this way.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier-General EWING.

Numbers 58. Report of Captain Adolph Tacke, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 30, 1864.

In accordance with orders received from you I proceeded on Saturday, 24th instant, with a guard of twenty-five men, to Jackson, to take command of the place, observe the movements of the enemy, and hold the place if possible. in pursuance thereof I have the honor to report to you as follows:

I arrived at 5.30 p. m. and placed pickets on the roads leading to Jackson immediately, and while preparing supper for the balance of the men, a party of William L. Jeffers' rebel command, comprising some 150 to 200 mounted men, came upon us in full gallop, shouting and shooting into the place, on the main road on approaching town. They came from the direction of Bloomfield, up the bottom road leading into the main road about 300 or 400 yards from the courthouse at Jackson. Their advance guard being dressed in Federal uniform were mistaken by my pickets for a party of our own men, several scouts having gone out the same day in that as well as other directions. With the few men I had left I made all possible resistance. We discharged our shotguns at them, killing 1 of their men and wounding 1 lieutenant and 1 private, also killing 2 of their horses and 1 mule. I lost 1 man killed, 1 wounded, and 8 missing; lost 21 horses and accouterments, and about 18 guns and accouterments. Seeing further resistance from us against such an unequal force useless, and to avoid capture of the whole party, I managed to make my escape to Cape Girardeau with the balance of my command.

ADOLPH TACKE,

Captain, Commanding Co. Six Months' Vols., Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Commanding Second Sub-District of Saint Louis.

Numbers 59. Reports of Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

PILOT KNOB, MO., September 20, 1864.

The scout sent out according to your order, about eighty in number, were surrounded at Ponder's Mill, on Little Black River, and all but ten were either captured or killed. They report the rebels in large force, and say that Price was reported to be at Pocahontas.

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding.

General EWING,

Commanding District.

