
PILOT KNOB, September 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Pape, who was in command of the scout, has returned to Patterson with fifty more men. He says there were not more than 4,000 or 5,000 rebels in the fight. The report that Price was at Pocahontas was got from rebel wounded on the field. He places no confidence in the report. Bell was entirely ;surrounded, and had to charge through the rebels. He escaped them. Thinks they are moving in this direction.

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier-General. EWING.

Numbers 60. Reports of Major Samuel Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTLN., SIXTH CAV., MISSOURI VOLS.,Victoria, Mo., October 5, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to your instructions of the 3rd instant I called in all of my command except the scout under Captain R. D. Russell, and left Meramec bridge at 7 a. m. to-day. After marching six miles I met Captain Russell and party returning, who reports the result of his expedition as follows, viz: Captain Russell left Meramec bridge early on the morning of the 3rd instant with thirty men, with instructions to march in the direction of Richwoods, and resuming the march next morning before sunrise, when within about four miles of that place met several paroled Federal prisoners who belonged to the Potosi militia, and who were on their return home via Richwoods. They informed me that they left Price's headquarters Sunday morning, eight miles northwest of Union, and that Price's army was marching in the direction of Jefferson City, and was in such a hurry that he did not have time to parole all the prisoners. Captain Russell was informed by these men that there were three rebels at the next house. He sent five men after them; killed 2 and took 1 prisoner. One of the men that was killed stated that he had deserted the militia and joined the rebels, and was instantly shot by Lieutenant Smith. The one taken prisoner belongs to the Third Missouri (rebel) Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Greene. They pushed rapidly forward about a mile and met another party eighty strong. Charged and drove them in confusion three miles beyond Richwoods, killing 10, seriously wounding their captain and several others, captured 3 prisoners, all of whom belong to Marmaduke's command. About thirty threw down their arms and fled. The men went in like they were charging a McClellan meeting. One of the prisoners who seems to be well posted states that Colonel coffee is at Fredericktown recruiting. He also states that there was a force of 300 under Douglass at Potosi, who were under orders to march that day to join the main force beyond Union. There is a rebel force reported at Tyler's Mills, on Big River, grinding. Number not known.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion, Sixth Cav. Missouri Vols.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Commanding Post Saint Louis, Saint Louis, Mo.

