HDQRS. SECOND BATTLN., SIXTH CAV. MISSOURI VOLS.,De Soto, Mo., October 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left camp at this place at 5 p. m. on the 6th instant, with 200 men, for Potosi. After proceeding about ten miles learned there was a party of rebels between Lawson and Cadet Stations. I changed my course and marched for Cadet Station, which had not been burned as reported to me, but the stores were robbed and Mr. Marr carried off a conscript. I took their trail from that place and followed them to Tyler's Mills, on Big River, where I found a camp of 300 under Dick Berryman and the notorious Sam. Hilderbrand. Attacked their camp, scattering them in confusion in all directions, killing 21; number of wounded unknown; took 1 prisoner, belonging to Marmaduke's division, and recaptured Mr. Marr, who is a brother of Captain James Marr, of the First Missouri Artillery. My loss, 1 man severely wounded through the breast. A portion of the party were the same that were driven from Richwoods on the morning of the 4th instant by Captain Russell. They had with them eleven who were wounded at that place. There was a large number of the citizens of that neighborhood present who were on very intimate and friendly terms with the rebels, still they were loud in their professions of loyalty upon our arrival. Prominent among them was a Mr. Simms, who has been buying horses for the Government for the past year; also Judge Ransom. I followed them to within eight miles of Farmington, when they became so scattered I could pursue them no farther. I learned there was no force at either Farmington or Pilot Knob, except hospital attendants at the latter place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion, Sixth Cav. Missouri Vols.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Commanding Post Saint Louis, Saint Louis, Mo.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTLN., SIXTH CAV. MISSOURI VOLS.,Benton Barracks, near Saint Louis, Mo., December 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your verbal instructions I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 87, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, dated New Orleans, La., August 6, 1864, received through intermediate headquarters, I marched with my command from Pilot Knob, Mo., on the 16th of August. Arriving at Saint Louis on the 19th, i reported to the commanding officer Saint Louis district and was ordered by him to report to Colonel J. H. Baker, commanding post Saint Louis, who ordered me to Camp Gamble. i had a quantity of unserviceable arms and horses which it was necessary for me to dispose of before my departure for the Department of the Gulf. The property was fully inspected and ordered turned over by the proper officers. This being done I forwarded requisitions for new, but did not succeed in getting the order for horses for nearly one month. In the meantime my command was constantly on duty in the city with the exception of a detachment of twenty-five men at Meramec bridge. On the afternoon of the 2nd of October, in compliance with instructions from Colonel Baker, I marched to Meramec bridge with thirty men, with directions to send a scout to Richmond. The next day the remainder of my command joined me at the bridge with instructions

