
from Major-General Pleasonton, through Colonel Baker, for me to move to Pilot knob, Mo., via Victoria or De Soto. On the 20th of October I received orders from General Ewing to return at once to Saint Louis. I was at that time at Pilot Knob. Arrived at Benton Barracks on the 25th. On the 26th received orders from General Ewing to proceed immediately by steam-boat up the Mississippi River to Cap-au-Gris, Lincoln County, Mo., and endeavor to overtake and destroy the Confederate bands of Wood and Dorsey. For want of transportation I took with me only 158 men, and landed according to directions on the morning of the 27th. On the 29th arrived at Wentzville, Mo., and communicated by telegraph with General Ewing, who instructed me to return immediately to Saint Louis without something special offered for me to do. At 10 o'clock that night I received a telegram from the commanding officer at Saint Charles that the bushwhackers had captured a train of cars on the North Missouri Railroad by running the engine into a ditch some twenty-three miles above. I immediately marched to where the depredations had been committed; reached the place early next morning. I pursued them to within ten miles of Hermann, where they turned off the road in a northern direction. I continued on to Hermann and crossed the river with my command. After which I received a telegram from General Ewing directing me to pursue the enemy if there was any prospect of catching them. I considered the prospect so unfavorable that I did not recross the river, but directed Captain Kirby to march to Saint Louis as rapidly as possible while I took the cars and reported in person to General Ewing, who ordered me to march to Warrenton with the remainder of my command which was left back at Benton Barracks, also ordered Captain Kirby to join me at that place as soon as possible. On the 12th of November was ordered to Benton Barracks by General Ewing to report to him upon arrival for the purpose of complying with Special Orders, Numbers 87, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi. While at Warrenton I requested of district headquarters that a board of survey be appointed for the purpose of examining a number of saddles which had been drawn at Saint Louis Arsenal in September, 1864, and which were entirely worthless. The board was ordered as soon as my command returned to the Barracks, but I did not get the report for twelve days. Also a number of horses, all that had been rode with the new necessary to have them inspected and condemned, as I could not transfer them without it. I have not yet received the report of the inspecting officer, which I am now waiting for in order to dispose of my unserviceable property, and make requisitions for new.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion, Sixth Cav. Missouri Vols.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 61. Report of Lieutenant Samuel R. Kelley, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

IRONTON, MO., October 22, 1864.

SIR: I, in command of a detachment of forty men of the Third and Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, left Pilot Knob, Mo., on the

