
17th instant. Moved in the direction of Lesterville; killed several guerrillas on the way there. Crossed Black River to Logan's Creek; moved down it to Carter's Mill; then came up to Colonel Pollock, who was in command of some fifty rebels. They fired heavy for some minutes, then broke to run. We pursued them for some two miles, shooting one down every now and then. They fled in all directions, with a loss of 9 killed on the ground. i returned to Ironton, Mo., on the evening of the 21st instant, having killed 16. Turned over to the quartermaster six horses. No loss on our part.

Major, I am, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. KELLEY,

First Lieutenant Company L, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major MONTGOMERY,

Commanding Post, Pilot Knob, Mo.

Numbers 62. Report of Captain William C. F. Montgomery, Battery H, Second Missouri Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY H, SECOND MISSOURI LIGHT ARTY.,November 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 21st of September I received orders from headquarters Saint Louis, Mo., to march to Pilot Knob and report to the commanding officer at that post for duty.

Tuesday evening, 5 o'clock, I started from Saint Louis, Mo., to Pilot Knob, Mo., on the evening train. On the morning of the 22nd I reached the above-named place and was directed by Major Wilson, commanding officer of the post, to select a suitable camp for my battery, which was done in a short time. At that time we had flying reports concerning the movements of the rebel army. At retreat on the 23rd I was ordered by Major Wilson to have my battery ready for action at a moment's warning. At tattoo I had the horses harnessed and hitched, cannoneers and drivers at their posts. We had the same order and acted likewise the two following nights. At 1 p. m. Sunday, September 25, the pickets ran in and reported the enemy advancing rapidly in strong force on the Fredericktown road. I gave orders to harness and hitch, which was done inside of ten minutes, all ready for action. This proved to be a false alarm. The horses remained harnessed through the night. Next morning, September 26, the rebels were discovered in small force advancing on Arcadia, two miles southwest of Ironton. Brigadier-General Ewing arrived at 1 p. m.; assumed command of the forces at Pilot Knob. Major Wilson was ordered with the cavalry and one section of my battery, Lieutenant Simonton in command. The section remained in the front till 10 p. m., when it returned to the fort with the other two sections. We immediately set to work constructing platforms for the remaining four guns. Tuesday, September 27, at 3 a. m., Lieutenant Simonton was again ordered to the front with his section, the other guns being mounted ready for action. Our force was soon driven in. The section under Lieutenant Simonton took position on the north side of the fort. The enemy then opened fire on us from the east end of Shepherd's Mountain with two large guns, 12-pounder Napoleons. We fired occasional shots from the fort to silence their guns and drive them from the sides of the moun-

