
commenced to unload and mount the guns again and made the necessary preparations for a morning attack. At 10 a. m. the enemy came in sight but made no assault except skirmishing, which they kept up continually. At 12 p. m. we started for Rolla, Mo.; reached that place the same evening. October 5 I was ordered to report to General McNeil; started with his command for the defense of Jefferson City. I left one section and the worn-out men and horses at Rolla, [under] Lieutenant Simonton. After a fatiguing march of two days and a half we reached Jefferson City. When we arrived the rebels were crossing the Osage River nine miles our; we took a position, but the enemy never came inside the lines. October 8 I was ordered to send one section with a division of cavalry, commanded by General Sanborn, in pursuit of the enemy. Lieutenant Smiley was sent with his section; next morning he was in an engagement near Russellville, the same evening at California, Mo. Next day near Boonville, October 10, I was ordered to the front with a cavalry brigade commanded by Colonel Catherwood. We arrived at California that evening at 4.30 o'clock. The same night at 7 o'clock we were ordered forward twelve miles to Pisgah, on the Boonville road; next morning we joined General Sanborn's division, marched twelve miles on the Boonville road, where we learned the enemy was in full retreat toward Lexington. We then marched for Georgetown, Mo., distance thirty-three miles; arrived there next day, October 12, at 1 p. m. We then marched fifteen miles on the Lexington road. On the 15th we fell back to Blackwater [on] Georgetown road. On the 17th marched to Kirkpatrick's Mill with one section; sent Lieutenant Smiley to Sedalia with the other. October 18 marched at 2 a. m. for Lexington, stopped at sunset eight miles southwest of the town, then marched at 7 o'clock for the city. Drove the enemy's pickets from town, killing and capturing a number of them. That night we lay by the horses till day, when we again renewed the march for Independence. October 22 we reached the Little Blue River, where we found the bridge burned. Assisted by the cavalry we went to work and constructed a temporary bridge to effect a crossing with the horses and artillery. By this time our advance was skirmishing with the enemy's rear guard. The battery was soon across the stream and on the march on double-quick for two or three miles, when we found the rebels had fallen back to the suburbs of the city, where they soon opened fire on us with two pieces of artillery. I took position then with one section of my battery, fired twelve rounds, when they began to retreat. Lieutenant Smiley then reported to me with his section, which was immediately sent to the front with Colonel Winslow's cavalry brigade, Sixteenth Army Corps. At 9 p. m. I was ordered out from Independence with General McNeil's brigade, on the Little Santa Fe road. Next morning at 5 o'clock the battle opened on the Big Blue. Lieutenant Smiley was in action from 8 to 11 a. m. October 23, using canister most of the time. Our brigade was formed on the left of the road, and I fired into the enemy's retreating column as they passed, with good effect.

October 24 we marched for Fort Scott, Kans., in pursuit of the enemy. We traveled fifty-six miles to the Marais des Cygnes River, in Kansas, by 2 a. m. October 25; drove the rebel pickets at 3 o'clock in the morning; Colonel Gravely's regiment had the advance. Lieutenant Smiley, firing several shots with his section; captured one piece of artillery on the bank of the Marais des Cygnes River. Lieutenant Smiley moved his section forward and participated in the engagement, using double charge of canister. They then moved forward to the top of the

