
ridge, two miles farther, in the advance, and fired several shots at their retreating columns. I moved forward at a trot, which we kept up for seven miles, where the enemy was again formed and our cavalry driving them in a line of battle. We opened fire with the entire battery, breaking their lines first on the right, then on the left, then right center, when they formed column and retreated. By this time night came on, the horses were giving out, unable to travel farther. We were then ordered to Fort Scott for supplies, as we had not fed for thirty-six hours, and had no rations for three days except one hard cracker to the man. October 27, at 4 o'clock in the morning, Lieutenant Smiley's section was ordered out with General Sanborn's brigade to the front, marching in two days eighty-six miles. Arrived at Newtonia and took part in the battle at that place, firing twenty-two rounds. October 28 I was ordered to Warrensburg, forming part of the escort of prisoners, artillery, and other property captured by the cavalry division commanded by Major-General Pleasonton from the Confederate army commanded by Major-General Price, a distance of ninety-five miles. I was then ordered to Saint Louis, Mo., by way of Jefferson City. Lieutenant Smiley also to Saint Louis by way of Springfield and Rolla. Arrived in the city on the 9th with all my guns, seventy head of horses. Left my caissons in Fort Davidson, Pilot Knob, Mo., by order of Brigadier-General Ewing. My battery wagons, traveling force, and transportation wagon, eighteen mules and fifteen head of horses were captured near Potosi, the 27th of September, 1864.

Traveling in all over 1,200 miles, expended 1,700 rounds of ammunition; took part in ten different battles.

My loss is as follows: 4 men killed, 3 wounded, 3 accidentally burned, 10 captured, 3 missing; 25 horses killed, 30 wounded, 15 captured, 10 worn out and abandoned on the road.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. F. MONTGOMERY,

Commanding Battery H, Second Missouri Light Artillery,

Colonel N. COLE,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 63. Report of Brigadier General Edward C. Pike, Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanding First Military District.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Saint Louis, November 3, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the militia under my command during thirty-seven days from September 25 to October 31, inclusive:

Pursuant to orders from State headquarters on the 25th of September, I ordered all the militia of the First District Enrolled Missouri militia, consisting of three companies of cavalry and thirteen regiments of infantry, to parade at Camp Sheridan on the 26th for active service. The call was responded to with great unanimity on the part of those men who remained liable to military duty, but finding most of my regiments mere skeletons from the operations of a law of this State that allows freedom from military duty by payment of a small sum of money, I was obliged to order the consolidation of companies and regi-

