
one hour for troops of the Sixteenth Army Corps to pass and take the advance as ordered, we having left them three miles in the rear the night previous. The march during the 8th was attended with great success, the men marching in good order. At 4 p. m. I received orders from General Smith to go into camp at Saint John's Creek, the advance under the immediate supervision of the general proceeding to Boeuf Creek, five miles farther. On the morning of the 9th I received orders to march my division up and join the advance at Boeuf Creek, which I did at 12 m., proceeding through their camp and taking the advance directly on the road to Mount Sterling, but was ordered into camp, and at midnight received orders to return with my command to Saint Louis, the cavalry and artillery to go direct by turnpike and the infantry to Washington, where I was to ask for transportation by rail, and here, colonel, I may be allowed to state that the disappointment of many of my officers and men was very great at being obliged to countermarch at a time when they supposed there was a prospect of soon meeting and punishing the invaders of our State and homes. However, at 9 a. m. on the 10th, the troops of General Smith having passed on to the front, the First Division, Enrolled Missouri Militia, took up the line of march east to Washington Cross-Roads, where the infantry marched to the left and the cavalry and artillery proceeded toward Union, arriving in Saint Louis on the 13th, the infantry under my command encamping on the evening of the 10th on Saint John's Creek, ten miles south of Washington. On the 11th I moved into Washington and encamped, assuming command of the post, which had been evacuated that morning by the Fifty-fourth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Colonel D. Q. Gale commanding. i immediately reported as ordered to Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., commanding Saint Louis District, for orders. Meantime, receiving order from department headquarters to send one brigade to Jefferson City, on the 13th, I ordered Brigadier General C. D. Wolff to embark with his command on the steamers Bright Star, Zephyr, and Jeannie Roberts, and on the 14th they left.

On the 14th I was ordered from department headquarters to select proper ground and at once proceed to fortify a supply depot at Washington. I selected the ground about one-quarter of a mile below the town and immediately made requisition for the necessary intrenching and other tools, which were promptly forwarded. On the 16th, however, the order to fortify was countermanded, and I was ordered to use my command to protect and forward promptly all supplies received at the post for the front. On the 18th the cavalry and artillery of my command reported back from Saint Louis and went into camp at Washington. On the 23rd of October, the railroad being repaired and cars running through to Hermann, all supplies were sent to that point, and I ordered Brigadier General George F. Meyers to detail one company of infantry to garrison Washington and proceed with cavalry, artillery, and remaining infantry, consisting of six companies of the Eleventh Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, to Hermann and assume command at that place, which he did on the 24th, and on the same day I removed my headquarters to Franklin and, pursuant to orders from General Ewing, assumed command of all the troops on the line of the railroad from Hermann to Franklin and detachments at bridges on southwest branch Pacific Railroad. I remained in command at Franklin until the 31st ultimo, when my division, except the cavalry and artillery, was relieved from service by telegraphic orders. I immediately ordered General Meyers to turn over the command at Hermann to Captain S. H. Julian, Battery I, Second Missouri Artillery Volunteers, and proceed with

