
On the 5th of October, learning that Price had crossed the Gasconade, I wrote the Governor of Kansas, urging the immediate call of the militia, which letter was subsequently made part of his proclamation and will be set out in this report.

CHAPTER II.-MOVEMENT TO FEEL AND EMBARRASS THE ENEMY.

General Fisk advised me of his junction with General Brown at Jefferson City on the 5th of October, and also desired me to send him a battery. On the 6th he reported his advance in skirmishing had met with some loss, and the enemy was coming forward. General Rosecrans telegraphed as follows:
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, October 6, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

You will wish to know our latest [news]. Ewing blew up Pilot Knob and made good [his] retreat to Rolla with his battery, losing only killed, wounded, and stragglers by the way. Price was reported crossing the Gasconade yesterday on the old stage road to Jefferson City. McNEil and Sanborn finding their aim moved [with] their mounted force to Jefferson City and will hurt Price directly.*

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Colonel Chester Harding, with 450 men, arrived from Saint Joseph on steamer West Wind, and I directed Major S. S. Curtis to take the steamboat Benton and assist in the effort to get this force forward, reconnoiter the country, and bring away stores from Lexington. All boats were directed to protect their pilot-houses and engineer rooms, and these boats were especially guarded and directed to move with great caution if they proceeded below Kansas City, which they did. This movement was retarded by low water, and rebel force in front checked their farther progress at Glasgow, where Colonel Harding took the command and tried to hold the position. Meantime, the enemy moving west of Glasgow, Major Curtis with the Benton and a few soldiers and the crew fought their way back, reporting the position and progress of Price's army. The report of Major Curtis, marked A,+ shows the thrilling incidents of this expedition, when several of the enemy were killed and wounded and we saved the boat and crew with only one man wounded. On the 7th I received the following from General Fisk:

JEFFERSON CITY, October 7, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

We have fought the enemy sharply from the Moreau bridge on the Bolton Ferry road, doing them considerable damage. Our loss as yet inconsiderable. We are withdrawing into the trenches; a large force investing; no news of re-enforcements. Will give them the best fight we can and may God give us victory.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

On the 8th I wrote Governor Carney urging the proclamation calling out the militia. He had personally urged the reasonable probability that the force under General Rosecrans would be sufficient to overwhelm Price before he could reach us, and very earnestly hoped that the great expense and inconvenience of a general call of the Kansas people might be averted. But the advance of Price continued, leaving

---------------

*As sent by Rosecrans this last Clause reads - Will hurt Price decidedly.

+See p. 530.

---------------

