
Jefferson City on his flank without any great efforts to take the gallant troops that held it, and on the 9th of October the Governor of Kansas issued his proclamation, which I immediately promulgated in the following General Orders:
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 53. Fort Leavenworth, October 9, 1864.

Governor Carney has issued a proclamation calling out the militia of the State as follows:

"PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.

"STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

"Topeka, October 8, 1864.

"The State is in peril. Price and his rebel hosts threaten it with invasion. Kansas must be ready tot hurl them back at any cost. The necessity is urgent. The extent of that necessity the subjoined communications from Major-General Curtis to me will establish:

'HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

'Fort Leavenworth, October 5, 1864.

'His Excellency Governor THOMAS CARNEY:

'The rebel forces under General Price have made a farther advance westward, crossing the Gasconade, and are now at the railroad bridge on the Osage, about fifteen miles below Jefferson City. Large Federal forces about Saint Louis and below tend to drive him toward Kansas. Other motives also will induce his fiendish followers to seek spoils and vengeance in this State. To prevent this and join in efforts to expel these invaders from the country I desire that you will call out the entire militia force, with their best arms and ammunition, for a period of thirty days. Each man should be provided with two blankets or a buffalo robe for comfort and a haversack for carrying provisions. No change of clothing is necessary. I want this force assembled on the border, mainly at Olathe, as soon as possible. For that purpose let farmers' teams with provisions and forage be employed to hurry them forward. I will do all in my power to provide provisions and public transportation, but hope every man will be as self-sustaining as possible and ready to join me in privations, hardships, and dangers to aid our comrades in Missouri in destroying these rebel forces before they again desolate the fair fields of Kansas. It is necessary to suspend business and labor until we are assured our property and earnings are not within the grasp of unscrupulous marauders and murderers.

'Confidently believing, Governor, that Your Excellency and all loyal citizens will concert with me in the propriety of this very important demand and give me your hearty co-operation and assistance,

'I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

'S. R. CURTIS,

'Major-General, Commanding Department.'

'Governor CARNEY:

The line is now cut this side Sedalia. This indicates a rebel move by somebody west or south. Hurry up the militia.

'S. R. CURTIS,

'Major-General.'

'FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 8, 1864.

'Governor CARNEY:

'I request that you issue the call. Let the militia turn out. If not needed they will, of course, be discharged. Their call and collection would enable us at least to give an impetus to Price's departure. In your prompt responses to my requests heretofore I am sure we have saved the State from desolation; let us do it now. The enemy is now near Sedalia, and a fight is expected there to-night. They have burned Syracuse, La Mine, and Otterville depots to-day. You see they seem moving steadily westward. Delay is ruinous.

'S. R. CURTIS,

'Major-General.'

"Kansans, rally! You will do so, as you have always promptly done when your soil has been invaded. The call this time will come to you louder and stronger because you know the foe will seek to glut his vengeance upon you. Meet him, then, at the threshold and strike boldly; strike as one man against him. Let all

