
business be suspended. The work to be done now is to protect the State against marauder and murderer. Until this is accomplished we must lead a soldier's life and do a soldier's duty. Men of Kansas, rally! One blow, one earnest, united blow will foil the invader and save you. Who will falter? Who is not ready to meet the peril? Who will not defend his home and the State? To arms then! To arms, and the tended field until the rebel foe shall be baffled and beaten back!

"THOMAS CARNEY,

"Governor."

"N. B. - Major-General Deitzler will lead the brave men of Kansas and issue the necessary orders. Commanding officers of brigades and battalions will see that their respective commands are in readiness for immediate service.

"THOMAS CARNEY,

"Governor."

MAJOR-GENERAL DEITZLER'S ORDER.

In pursuance of this call of the Governor, the militia of Kansas will turn out and rendezvous immediately as follows:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS KANSAS STATE MILITIA, Numbers --. Topeka, Kans., October 9, 1864.

In pursuance of the proclamation of the Commander-in-Chief of the 8th instant, the militia of Kansas will turn out and rendezvous immediately at the points indicated below: Doniphan, Brown, Nemaha, and Marshall Counties, at Atchison, under Brigadier General Byron Sherry; Atchison, Leavenworth, Jefferson, Jackson, Pottawatomie, Riley, Davis, Wabaunsee, Shawnee, Douglas, and Johnson Counties, at Olathe, under Brigadier General M. S. Grant; Wyandotte, at Wyandotte, under Major E. S. Hubbard; Miami, Osage, Franklin morris, and Lyon Counties, at Paola, under Brigadier General W. H. M. Fishback; Linn, Anderson, and Coffey Counties, at Mound City, under Brigadier General S. N. Wood; Bourbon, Allen and Woodson Counties, at Fort Scott. Commanders of brigades and regiments will promptly prepare their respective commands for active service for thirty days, unless sooner discharged, and see that each man is supplied with two blankets, a tin cup, knife and fork, and a haversack, and also a coffee pot and frying pan for every five men. Let each regiment and detachment bring its own transportation and all the rations possible, but there must be no delay on any account. The General Government will undoubtedly pay all proper charges for such transportation and supplies, and will furnish rations and forage as far and as soon as possible, at the points indicate din this order. Let each man come with such arms as are at hand and a full supply of ammunition. As this campaign will be short one, no change of clothing will be necessary. Until further orders the headquarters of the militia will be at Olathe, to which point all returns and communications will be sent.

By order of George W. Deitzler, major-general Kansas State Militia:

JOHN T. MORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

All Federal officers in this department will aid in giving circulation and success to this effort to concentrate troops for immediate service. Quartermasters and commissaries will aid to the utmost of their abilities to have requisite provisions accumulated as fast as possible. An earnest and united movement should animate officers and men, volunteer and militia. Let business and personal strife be suspended, partisan discussions and political animosities avoided, and instead of impatience, fault-finding, and detraction, too common among raw recruits, let every man display the fortitude, patience, and endurance which distinguish the patriotic soldier engaged in the defense of his home and his country. The sooner this call is met the more certain will be its success; and the general earnestly appeals to soldiers and citizens to unite all their moral and physical energies in this effort to stifle the fiendish hordes that again threaten the people of Kansas and the peace of our country.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Some defects in the militia law had on former occasions troubled officers in the enforcement of their calls. There was also a large colored population, and many of certain ages that were exempt from the militia organization. I therefore determined to strengthen the force and effect of the Governor's call by proclaiming martial law in Kansas

