
and in the neighborhoods where I expected to confront and pursue the enemy. For it is proper for me to say that my experience in a former campaign against Price, made under your immediate orders, in the winter of 1861-'62, induced the theory and execution of my plans for confronting and pursuing him on this occasion; and although my force seemed irregular and inadequate, I was inspired with singular confidence in the manner and matter of my success. In further-efforts, therefore, to rally an adequate force, i issued the following order declaring martial law:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 54. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., October 10, 1864.

The better to carry out the object of the Governor's proclamation, issued this morning, and to secure prompt and united military organization and action, martial law is proclaimed to extend throughout the State of Kansas and the country occupied by the troops moving therefrom, and all men, white or black, between the ages of troops for temporary military service. In all the principal cities and towns business houses will close as directed by the Governor's proclamation, except where general officers may give leave to such houses and special establishments as may be considered necessary for the public subsistence and health. As this order in only designed to continue while danger of invasion is apprehended, the proper functions of civil officers will not be disturbed, and especially courts of justice and their processes will not be interrupted by the military authorities. All troops, volunteer and militia, are clothed with the powers and are subject to the duties and penalties prescribed in the Articles of War, and soldiers and citizens must expect very summary punishment of crime, and burning, robbing, and stealing in the field will be severely and promptly punished. Private property and peaceable citizens must be protected. Our object is Price and his followers. His forces are now reported as retreating from Jefferson City in this direction. My advance to meet him is already moving. Let troops of every organization press forward to join in his repulse and pursuit.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

These efforts aroused the whole people. Business was immediately suspended and militia everywhere began to move and organize. All intelligence of the enemy's movements was published and the excitement was intense and universal. I ordered Colonel Ford to take position at Pleasant Hill, sending scouts forward in all directions to determine the position of the enemy. General Blunt was ordered to Paola to take command of the district and in the field. I also sent you the following dispatch by telegraph:

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 10, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Being informed by General Rosecrans that the rebel General Price is coming from Jefferson City, Governor Carney, at my request, has called out the militia, and i have declared martial law to secure prompt organization and unity of action. Telegraph lines are interrupted east of Independence, but my pickets in advance of that report only scattering foes. Shall soon have large force on the border or be moving beyond. Will take the field to-morrow, but will try to keep within telegraphic communication.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

I also informed General Rosecrans that the militia were collecting, and my purpose to give Price a warm reception if he comes this way.

In further preparation of field operations i published the following order announcing staff officers, and also gave special directions to Brigadier General T. A. Davies concerning the completion of certain defenses in his district, which includes this post and the country north of the Kansas

