
ators Lane and Pomeroy had both joined me as volunteer aides, and I found both of these men of great service in giving correct intelligence to the wavering public mind, and in suppressing false impressions.

Pursuant to the foregoing preliminary movements the militia were collected at and near Shawneetown, the left wing under Major-General Deitzler, Kansas State Militia Volunteers, and other militia, constituting my right wing, under General Blunt, U. S. Volunteers, at Hickman Mills. The former was directed to demonstrate toward Lexington, and the latter toward Warrensburg, so as to feel the enemy's approach. My own headquarters were generally at Wyandotte, and at Camp Charlot, near Kansas City, butt I made a reconnaissance of the country in person through Independence and Hickman Mills, ascertaining to my own satisfaction that the Big Blue should be a first main line of battle, Kansas City a second, and finally, if overpowered, Wyandotte, on the north side of the Kansas River, connected by a floating bridge, would be a dernier resort. I directed my chief engineer, Lieutenant Robinson, to construct field works at each of these positions in view of this plan and attend to the proper organization of guns and light garrisons which could be spared for these positions. Colored troops and citizen guards of Kansas City and Wyandotte made efficient and proper troops for this purpose, and Lieutenant Robinson, assisted by ----, civil engineer of Kansas City, deserves special commendation for their efforts and success in these defenses. Lawyers, doctors, divines, and merchants entered the service, and I found them working faithfully on these field-works about Kansas City and the Big Blue. I here present another map,* showing the country near Kansas City, where troops and camps were located on both sides of State line. But a few days' delay while forces were coming and Price approaching was sufficient to weary some and induces doubts in the minds of many. A report was circulated that Price had gone south from Warrensburg and escaped and some of the militia actually turned homeward. Some severe measures and much remonstrance were necessary to retain those who came first till those who came last had fairly arrived. Some of the newspapers took up the theme and denounced the call, and especially martial law, which suspended business and forced citizens to the field without equipments, at an inclement season, when there was no occasion. To meet this complaint and retain the militia I made great efforts through my volunteer aides to diffuse correct intelligence, and i also distributed blankets and camp equipments to some extent, thereby administering a little to the wants and real suffering of men exposed to the rain and cold without covering. I also published dispatches from General Rosecrans and others, showing the steady approach of the enemy toward Kansas and his declared purpose to take Kansas City and Leavenworth and devastate the country everywhere.

This is one of General Rosecrans' dispatches:

JEFFERSON CITY, October 14, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Our cavalry is pursuing the enemy northwest of Georgetown, who is reported moving toward Lexington. We shall occupy Sedalia with infantry to-morrow night. If you could move by Hickman Mills and Pleasant Hill, or by Independence to Lone Jack, it would greatly increase our chances of damaging Price, whose columns are of such length when on one road as to be very vulnerable. If he does not halt he will reach Lexington to-morrow night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

