
I reported to you by telegraph as follows:

ARMY OF THE BORDER, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,

Kansas City, Mo., October 14, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

My forces are being concentrated in this vicinity. The enemy has approached to Independence, burning bridges beyond, but he has not occupied in force. I occupy Hickman Mills, Mo., and Shawneetown, Kans., with fighting force and scouts forward. Shall move slow, to allow my rear to close up. Have not an operator with cipher, and therefore abstain from giving numbers and particulars. Price is reported near Boonville or Lexington, moving this way. I denominate my forces "The Army of the Border," and will do all I can to make it felt by the foe.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

My purpose to move farther forward, in accordance with this dispatch and General Rosecrans' suggestion, was prevented, so far as the main force of the militia was concerned, in consequence of the aversion many of them expressed as to going beyond their own State line. Hearing that boats below had aided the rebels in crossing troops I directed the following order:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 56. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., October 15, 1864.

Commanders and owners of steam-boats and ferry-boats on the Missouri River, in this command, will see that their boats do not fall into rebel hands in a condition for rebel service, under the sure and swift penalty of the loss of boat and the forfeit of the life of the commander and pilot.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

W. H. STARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

I was thus prepared and ready for the enemy's approach. General Blunt was directed to demonstrate toward Pleasant Hill and Warrensburg, General Deitzler toward Independence and Lexington, each sending out cavalry to ascertain the line of his approach and harass his advancing columns. My own movements at Kansas City and Independence gave me convenient opportunities to observe the movements in advance and also supervise the main forces arranged on the Big Blue and the border. Major J. N. Smith, of the Second Colorado, advanced with about 300 cavalry on the telegraph road from Independence, dashing into Lexington on the 17th a little after sunrise, but found the town unoccupied, the enemy's pickets having fallen back before and on the occasion of his approach. Sending out scouts he found the enemy's picket about six miles southeast, which was attacked, killing 1 and wounding 2. This and other important intelligence of the presence of the main force of the enemy was reported by this gallant officer on the 18th through his proper commanders. He fell fighting at Little Blue two days after, and I submit this his last report, marked C,* as a reminiscence of a gallant soldier whose character is displayed in this daring advanced movement and expressed in this his last report. On the day previous General Deitzler reported at Independence the murmurs and doubts of the militia, and their refusal to cross the line until he made them a speech assuring them that they "should not be ordered too far into this State" and Colored Blair reported that some of the militia regiment at Hickman Mills, believing that Price had taken another

---------------

*See p. 612.

---------------

