
route, had actually started homeward, but were checked by prompt, stringent orders enforced by General Blunt. i also received the following dispatch from General Rosecrans:

JEFFERSON CITY, October 18, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS;

As I telegraphed you last night, division of infantry occupy Sedalia. Our cavalry at Dunksburg, on the Blackwater. So soon as they get rations they will move forward. Price reported to have stayed night before last at Waverly. Mower's division will be at La Mine bridge to-night, with its batteries probably fit for action. Sanborn will have received supplies to-day by 12 m., and will move his right by Elmwood and Elkhorn and his left by Cook's Store toward Lexington. With these dispositions, combined with yours, it seems to me we can push the old fellow and make him lose his train. His horses' feet must be in bad order for want of shoes.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

I directed publicity in the newspapers of most of this intelligence to convince the militia of what they considered very incredible, the advance of Price toward my command, and I insert them here not to reproach anybody but to show why I was obliged to stand on the border, or near it, rather than go forward with my whole force to meet Price as I would have preferred to do in the vicinity of Lexington, Mo. I also do it to show that even among ardent loyal militia, State lines and State sovereignties greatly embarrass military operations. The evidence brought by Major Smith showing clearly the presence and progress of the enemy near Lexington was not clear enough, and some of the newspapers of the 19th came out denouncing the whole thing as a fraud or fallacy and expressing a belief that Price had left the country. In the meantime Major-General Blunt had advanced with about 2,000 cavalry and several pieces of light artillery (mountain howitzers), arriving in Lexington at 2 p. m. on the 18th, the day after Major Smith had occupied the place. He had followed the Warrensburg road until he was confident that Price was not coming that way, and therefore he moved northward, where his presence was ascertained. Sending forward scouts from Lexington the enemy was felt on the 19th approaching on different roads in great force. our troops offered a stern resistance, falling back slowly and in good order, fighting several hours and doing considerable damage to the enemy, with small loss on our side. The enemy displayed his main force, and this stubborn and gallant stand by General Blunt developed the strength, position, and progress of the enemy so clearly that its publicity throughout our lines on the 20th assured and reanimated the militia and secured me that unity of sentiment and will which before I had failed to secure in the Army of the Border.

For full details of this battle of Lexington I respectfully refer you to the report of General Blunt, who was in command, and to the reports of his subordinate commanders, Colonels Jennison and Moonlight, and also Honorable Senator Lane, of my volunteer staff, who accompanied and participated in this first conflict between my forces and the enemy. General Blunt, as directed by me, fell back to my headquarters at Independence, leaving Colonel Moonlight, who had covered the retreat, to remain as a picket at the Little Blue, with arrangements to burn the bridge on the approach of the enemy to embarrass his progress.

