
behind stone walls, fences, and houses, some of which were then held by the enemy, who after a vigorous assault, were dislodged, thus affording us an advantage which accounts for the few killed [and wounded] on our side compared with that of the enemy, who suffered terribly.

Colonel Moonlight covered the retreat, even skirmishing after dark in and west of Independence. His conduct throughout the day was exceedingly gallant. Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb, Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, and Majors Ross and Anderson, Captain Gregg (who was severely wounded), and other officers named by the colonel, deserve the commendation he awards them in his report. During the day I noticed a company of Missouri volunteers from Warrensburg, under Captain George S. Grover, to which I assigned position, and they did good service. Also some of the Kansas militia, under Captain McDowell, reported for duty and did good service in guarding and delivering the ammunition supplies. Major Charlot, Major McKenny, and Major Hunt, of my regular staff, and Honorable Senator Lane, of my volunteer staff, took an active and prominent part in the conflict and displayed much coolness and gallantry under the fire of the enemy. All the troops showed the greatest coolness and courage, always ready to rally, reform, and attack, during the slow retreat of only nine miles, which consumed the entire day. At Independence I received and announced to the citizens and soldiers the news of Sheridan's glorious victory in the Shenandoah Valley. At the same time publicly explained the nature of the day's operations and my arrangements for making a main stand on the Big Blue, where my main forces were being fortified. I had thus delayed and seriously embarrassed the enemy without demoralizing any of my forces with the use of only a small portion and at a small loss in killed and wounded. General Blunt was very active and efficient during the whole day and his full report should be read to do him justice.

BATTLE OF THE BIG BLUE.

After a personal inspection of the surrounding country on the 19th of October, I ordered Colonel C. W. Blair, who commanded a brigade of mixed troops, to take position on the west bank of Big Blue, six miles east of Kansas City, Mo., and arrange matters for making that stream a stand-point to confront and repel Price's approaching forces. My engineer, Lieutenant G. T. Robinson, was directed to survey the stream and lay out such field-works as seemed expedient to resist the passage of cavalry and artillery. These officers engaged in these duties with great energy and sound judgment. On the morning of the 21st, before going forward to the Little Blue, I directed Major-General Deitzler, with what militia he then had at Independence, to fall back to the Big Blue, take general command of matters there, and bring up all the available forces in the rear and arrange them for battle on that line. This order was also carefully and zealously executed. All doubts as to the approach of Price were dispelled by constant sound of our guns at the Little Blue, and Governor T. Carney, General Deitzler, and all the militia entered with fresh zeal and energy upon the work of bringing up and deploying the Kansas and Missouri militia. At the close of the contest of the 21st, near Independence, i ordered all of General Blunt's and detached troops to move back and join the forces at the Big Blue, where I also repaired, establishing my headquarters on the main road leading from Independence to Kansas City, which is also a central position of my line on the Blue, which is nearly at right angles

