
Speaking of the operations of General Grant, who commanded the militia on the right of General Blunt's command, the general adds:

A strong detachment of the enemy moved up the Blue under cover of the timber and attacked General Grant, throwing his command into some confusion, killing 36 and wounding 43, taking about 100 prisoners, capturing 1 piece of artillery, and compelling General Grant to retire tot Olathe.

There was not much fighting on the left wing of the line, but General Deitzler acted with good judgment and great promptness in his duties. The militia generally did well, and the disaster of General Grant's detachment was mainly owing to the overwhelming numbers of the enemy that moved upon them. Colonel Jennison, who commenced the fight, and stood the brunt of it during the afternoon, thus reports his operations:

On the morning of the 22nd I was ordered with the brigade to Byram's Ford of the Big Blue, some eight miles from its encampment of the night previous. Arriving there we were joined by a detachment of Kansas State Militia of Colonel McCain's command, which rendered valuable assistance in obstructing the ford of the river by felling timber, &amp;c. About 10 a. m. the enemy's advance made its appearance at the ford, attacking our outposts and attempting to force a crossing. The ford was so effectually obstructed, however, and in its condition wholly impassable for artillery, that for some hours little progress was made, the attacking party being repulsed each time it appeared in the front, which was defended by a strong skirmish line, securely posted, and one section of the howitzer battery then in charge of Second Lieutenant H. L. Barker, Company G, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, to whom the command was transferred on the morning of the battle of Little Blue. The First Brigade held the enemy effectually in check, notwithstanding his great superiority of numbers, until about 3 p. m., when it became evident that he had succeeded in crossing considerable bodies above and below, and was rapidly flanking us both right and left. Upon this intelligence (word of which was sent to the general commanding with the additional report that the main body of the rebels was apparently in front and determined to effect a crossing at Byram's Ford) it was determined to retire in the direction of Westport or Kansas City, toward which it was evident the efforts of the enemy were directed. Our lines at the ford having been forced back, the rebels succeeded in crossing a considerable force of dismounted cavalry, a portion of which was employed in removing obstructions in the river, while the others were deployed on either side of the road, and advanced toward us. Then, with a strong body of rebels pressing on our rear and in constant expectation that our flanks would be attacked, the brigade commenced the retreat toward Westport, contesting every foot of ground until the enemy gave over the action and retired to the ford. Reaching the open ground some four or five miles between Westport and the State line, a large body of troops was discovered on our left advancing in a northerly direction from the timber of the Blue. Upon reaching the line road we were joined by Colonel Moonlight's command, when the First and Second Brigades were rapidly pushed forward upon the prairie to resist the advance of the enemy under Shelby, who had evidently crossed the ford four miles above Byram's. Skirmishers were immediately deployed from both brigades, and in a few minutes the action was commenced along the entire line with small-arms. A body of Kansas Militia coming up soon after, it was formed in line of battle immediately in rear of First Brigade, when the rebels, being closely pressed by our skirmish lines, wavered for a moment and then began to give ground. Upon this a general advance of the First Brigade was ordered, and the lines rapidly advanced toward the enemy, who, after a slight resistance, fell back in confusion to the cover of the timber some two or three miles distant, closely followed by our forces, until, as the sun went down, not a vestige of the rebel Shelby's division beyond its dead and a few wounded was to be seen on the field. Maintaining our lines for some time with no further demonstrations from the recent exultant and confident enemy our columns were turned toward Westport, which we reached about 7 o'clock in the evening, going into camp between that place and Kansas City, where the Army of the Border was mostly concentrated, and as the night wore on we seemed encircled by the camp-fires of the rebels, which gleamed menacingly from the woods.

Colonel Moonlight's report presents that--

At the Big Blue, on the 22nd, the Second Brigade was ordered to hold Simmons Ford and report the movements of the enemy. None coming and the First Brigade, at Byram's Ford retreating, the Second Brigade in double-quick whipped around

31 R R--VOL XLI, PT I

