
to see what could be learned. Taking the wrong road I came near Byram's Ford, and there found Colonel Jennison slowly falling back and observed the enemy [in his front] and a large body of men on his right flank, supposed to be the enemy. Retraced my steps and got on the Hickman Mills road, when I met this same body of men, which proved to be Colonel Johnson's militia in rapid retreat. I stopped them and caused them to go to the rear slowly. At the same time I sent Colonel Jennison notice. I now proceeded on my road, but had not gone far when I became satisfied that I would soon be cut off, as the enemy were already rapidly advancing, having captured many of the militia near Hickman Mills, besides one gun. I now rode rapidly to the rear. Overtaking the militia I placed them in line of battle in the edge of the timber, with directions to hold their ground and retard the enemy's progress. General Fishback was present and manifested the greatest willingness to meet the enemy. I afterward learned that this regiment did good service. Night now closing in found us in rather a doubtful position. Our forces being pressed fell back to [ward] Kansas City, where most of them arrived about 10 o'clock. The Second Colorado, with the exception of two companies, with the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Kansas, remained on the field confronting the enemy.

major Charlot, assistant adjutant-general, who noted the time and generally drew up my orders and reports, says, concerning this day's operations:

At this time (11 o'clock) Jennison was holding Byram's Ford and Moonlight Hinkle's Ford. Colonel Ford reported that heavy columns of the enemy were moving in direction of these fords. Generals Deitzler and Blunt were both ordered to send forward re-enforcements.

Major Hunt, my chief of artillery, reports of his operations:

The general sent me out with body guard to re-enforce. Reached a distance of about two miles from town (Westport); met the militia falling back in confusion; halted them and made them go back; sent a messenger to Colonel Jennison asking him where I could render him the most service. He informed me that the enemy was flanking him on the right and left, and for me to fall back on the Westport road to keep the enemy out of town. I did so. Met Colonel Moonlight passing west to check the enemy from going into Kansas. Soon the Fifteenth, under Colonel Hoyt, also came. We all marched in double-quick until we reached the Kansas prairie west of Westport; here we deployed in line; met the enemy square in the face. I turned over the command of the body guard to Captain Gove and gave my services to Colonel Moonlight. The enemy opened two pieces of rifled artillery upon us at the distance of a mile, supported by Fagan's or Shelby's division. They drove us steadily from about 3 o'clock until nearly dark, when our skirmish line was re-enforced. I assumed command of it and drove the enemy back some two miles, capturing several prisoners, among them a lieutenant, whom I delivered to the commanding general in Kansas [City] that night. Colonel Moonlight, Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb, Colonel Jennison, Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, and other officers and men, deserve special credit for their soldierlike conduct.

Lieutenant Cyrus M. Roberts, acting aide-de-camp, was ordered to carry communications to Hickman Mills, and being thus detached, reports:

On the 22nd of October, in the afternoon, when Colonel Jennison's command was attacked at Byram's Ford, your ordered me at Westport, Mo., to go to Hickman Mills, Mo., and order all the forces that might be there to immediately re-enforce Colonel Jennison. Arriving at the Mills I found Major John M. Laing in command of a part of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry and delivered him your order. His command was feeding. I also saw the Twenty-first Kansas State Militia, which was just ready to mount. I delivered your order to the colonel (Lowe) commanding, and his regiment moved forward immediately at a trot. * * * When we arrived on the brink of the hill descending to the Big Blue we saw right ahead of us, and as far as the eye could reach, clouds of dust along the road, and knew it must be the main column of the enemy advancing. In a very few minutes (perhaps five) the Twenty-first Kansas State Militia had dismounted and formed in line of battle along the brink of the hill. Those of the Twenty-first Regiment who could see the enemy commenced firing. Their advance immediately fell back out of sight and formed in a body, but in a few minutes came forward with a yell. The Twenty-first fired a volley into them and they fell back out of sight. While this was going on Major Laing's command came up where the horses were held, but instead of rendering the militia assistance they turned immediately back, leaving the militia to get out the best they could. Several of the militia followed, but Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, Colonel Lowe, and myself, drew our weapons and kept the militia (who were giving way) to the front.

