
my line. Skirmishers were thrown forward and the engagement with small-arms and artillery soon became general. My advance line being hard pressed I ordered Colonel C. W. Blair to advance with the Sixth and Tenth Regiments State militia, to support the right of my line and guard my right flank, which order was executed with great promptness. Time being required to get the militia arriving from Kansas City dismounted and in position, and the contest in front being severe and unequal, I directed my advance line to fall back to the north side of Brush Creek. The enemy advanced a short distance, but did not attempt to attack my second line, with the exception of a small force that approached through the timber to attack my left flank. This force was promptly repulsed by the Fifth and Nineteenth Regiments of the State Militia, under Colonels Colton and Hogan.

Major-General Deitzler, Kansas State Militia, reports:

On the morning of the 23rd I received instructions from the commanding general to remain at Kansas City, and to place the artillery and infantry in position in the intrenchments and hurry to the front. About 9 a. m. I directed Brigadier-General Sherry, Kansas State Militia, to assume command of the works in Kansas City, and proceeded to Westport. There had been severe fighting all morning in the vicinity of Westport, and some brilliant charges by the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, which were resisted with great stubbornness, and resulted in heavy loss to the enemy, but no ground was gained by our side. When I arrived at the front the firing had ceased and I found our forces formed on the bluff on the north side of Brush Creek, the left resting on the road leading from Westport to Hickman Mills, and the enemy on the south side of said creek, beyond the woods. The formation was completed our forces were ordered by Major-General Curtis to advance, with General Blunt on the left and myself on the right. The personal presence of Major-General Blunt on the left and myself on the right. The personal presence of Major-General Curtis inspired the men with confidence, and the whole command moved forward in perfect order through the dense underbrush, and as they emerged from the woods on the south side of Brush Creek they encountered the enemy in strong force, and, after a severe struggle, in which our troops shows great bravery, drove him from his chosen position. Taking advantage of the confusion which occurred in the enemy's line at this time our victorious force advanced rapidly into the open field, firing volley after volley into the flying rebels, killing and wounding large numbers, who were left in our hands. Both armies were now in full view of each other on the open prairie, presenting one of the most magnificent spectacles in nature. The enemy made several attempts to stand, but such was the dashing bravery of our troops that they never succeeded in rallying and forming their men to offer any considerable resistance. A running fight was then kept up for about four miles, the enemy slowly retreating in a southerly direction, parallel with and about a miles from the State line, in Missouri, when General Rosecrans' advance, under Major-General Pleasonton, made its appearance some distance from the right of the enemy, and opened upon them with artillery. At this point the retreat became a perfect rout, and the enemy, running in great confusion southward, were soon out of sight. Their course was indicated by dense volumes of smoke, emanating from their burning of the prairie hay, grain stacks, &amp;c. I accompanied the pursuit a short distance beyond the Blue, where we were joined by Major-General Pleasonton and staff. After consultation with that officer it was decided that the U. S. forces under Generals Curtis and Pleasonton were sufficient to follow the rebel horde and to drive them beyond the States of Missouri and Kansas, whereupon I requested and obtained permission from the general commanding to order the militia to their several counties, except the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Regiments, all from Southern Kansas, who continued with the pursuit to Fort Scott, from whence they were sent to their homes.

Colonel Ford, of the Second Colorado, reports:

Early on the morning of the 23rd I was ordered with my brigade through Westport. I formed a portion of the Second Colorado and Sixteenth Kansas on the hill immediately south of Brush Creek, with one section of the battery, but soon after advanced to the edge of the prairie and took up position across the road to the left of Colonel Jennison's brigade, the section of the battery being placed in the road. For a while the firing was exclusively artillery, but the rebels advancing, the whole line was soon engaged and kept up a very steady and galling fire for two hours or more. The enemy was repeatedly repulsed, and one very bold and dashing charge made by him down the road upon the battery was very handsomely repulsed by portions of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry and Second Colorado Cavalry, the countercharge being led in person by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, commanding the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and in which charge he received a severe wound in the foot. Finally, in the face of a very heavy fire from the First Brigade, the enemy

