
forced a very large column into a small copse to the right of my brigade and commenced a flank fire upon me. Not having force enough to dislodge the enemy from his new position I fell back toward Brush Creek, forming line upon each ridge until I received orders to form north of the creek, the battery meanwhile having been placed in a commanding position on the gill. After forming on the bottom, I sent part of the Second Colorado Cavalry, on foot, as skirmishers through the woods. The Twelfth Kansas State Militia were also sent into the woods, on foot, and did good service. The footmen kept steadily driving the enemy until the advance of the whole division was ordered, when our old position was regained, and after a short fight the enemy was completely routed, and fled precipitately from the field. Every one advanced as speedily as possible, continuing the pursuit until dark, Colonel Jennison, with portions of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, and Second Colorado Cavalry, in the extreme advance.

Colonel Jennison reports:

On the morning of the 23rd the brigade was under arms at daylight, and after having supplied itself with ammunition from the train sent out from Kansas City, retraced its march of the previous evening, coming on the rebel lines about three miles from the town, where it assumed position as the center of the line, with the brigades of Colonels Ford and moonlight on the flanks. The brigade was thus deployed on the right of the road, in a large field traversed by rail and stone fences, which to some extent impeded active cavalry operations, though affording excellent protection to dismounted troops. Our skirmish lines were immediately formed and had advanced but few rods when severe and incessant fire of small-arms was commenced upon them and replied to with utmost spirit, the enemy commencing almost instantly to fall back. Our lines were then advanced some distance, a rapid fire being kept up from either side, until the rebels, having received a re-enforcement, made a desperate stand and succeeded in temporarily pressing us back beyond our original position, and to the edge of a small body of timber skirting the wood upon which the Second Colorado Cavalry was posted. At this point the fighting again became severe, and a second time we were compelled to retire, a movement participated in by the entire division; the First Brigade, however, forming the right of the new line about 200 yards in rear of its first position, the Second Brigade having left the field. At this point a desultory fire was kept up for some time, the rebels making no positive demonstration, our lines being re-enforced by the militia under Colonel Blair. At length the enemy pressed forward and succeeded in planting one section of a Parrott battery on the Line road, rendering our position one of extreme danger, his lines being heavily re-enforced at the same time. Leaving the position we fell back on the Line road almost to the suburbs of Westport, where the army was reorganizing and concentrating for a final effort, and soon the order was received for a general advance along the entire line, which was obeyed with the utmost alacrity. The First Brigade, with a detachment of the Second colorado and McLain's battery, took position on the right of the road, commencing an impetuous attack upon the rebels, who were rallying for a charge upon the battery, one section of which was posted directly in the road. Hardly had we taken position when the enemy charged in column upon the guns up the road, which were supported by the Second Colorado, the First Brigade being to the right in front as they advanced, Company E, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, forming the left of the brigade line and deployed as skirmishers. Seeing that a desperate effort was required to save the battery I immediately rallied Company E and led in person a charge upon the flank of the rebel column, a movement which was entirely successful, though a desperate hand-to-hand contest ensued, after maintaining which for a short time the enemy withdrew in disorder toward his main lines southward. * * * The enemy having fallen back upon the road, our lines were reformed and again advanced through the fields on the right of the road, driving the rebels at all points. Directly in the road, at the summit of a slight slope, a body of the enemy seemed determined to make a stand, when I was ordered by General Blunt to charge the hill with his body guard and one squadron of the Second Colorado, all the troops available at that instant. Drawing sabers and forming columns of fours the squadrons dashed with reckless courage upon the hill into the very midst of the rebels, who, not waiting to ascertain our strength and hardly making a show of fighting, broke and fled, some into the timber on the left, but a majority down the road. A detachment was then dismounted and deployed along a stone fence skirting the woods and a sprightly fire was opened on the rebels in the woods to the left, but these soon made their way out and joined the main rebel body about a mile distant, where the enemy's lines were yet unbroken and upon which at this period a section of McLain's battery, under Lieutenant Eayre, was brought to bear with telling effect. Generals Curtis and Blunt having reached the scene in person I was directed to charge the rebel lines with the First Brigade on the right and left of the road, under cover of

