
a heavy fire from the Colorado battery, which was worked with rapidity and the utmost precision by Captain McLain and his lieutenants. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, with six squadrons of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was directed to advance on the left, while, with one company of the Fifteenth, the Third Wisconsin detachment, two companies Second Colorado, and General Blunt's body guard, i took the right. The brigade thus formed advanced, charging the rebel lines with an impetuosity that overcame opposition. The enemy then, confused and demoralized, broke and fled, scattering arms and equipments along the road, and covering the grounds with the debris of a routed army. For more than a mile the brigade pursued, never drawing rein, while the rebels, too demoralized to attempt a halt, seemed each determined to save himself as best the might. * * * The First Brigade, in advance of the pursuing column, maintained its position during the remainder of the day, coming up with the enemy below Little Santa Fe and skirmishing with his rear until dark.

colonel Jennison honorably mentions most of his officers, especially Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, Major T. I McKenny, of my staff, who joined him in the advance, Captain Johnson, and many others who deserve commendation. The whole brigade deserves the gratitude of their country.

Colonel Moonlight's report says:

Early on the morning of the 23rd I received orders to supply my command with ammunition and rations and take the right of the line of battle about to be formed a little south of Westport. This was promptly done, and in front of the Second Brigade the enemy were driven back for over a mile after a stubborn resistance. The command on the left had fallen back, so i was not supported in that direction, allowing the enemy to come up on my flank and deliver a raking fire. To meet this fire and preserve order it was necessary to wheel two squadrons to the left, which was done in fine style by Companies A and I, Eleventh (Lieutenant Drew commanding Company I after the battle of Little Blue). my command fell back in good order, handsomely protected on the right flank by Lieutenant-Colonel Woodworth, Twelfth Kansas State Militia, who reported to me that morning with a part of the regiment. Colonel Wood worth is deserving much praise for dashing on the enemy's flank of skirmishers in the manner he did. After falling back to Westport I received orders from General Blunt to pass round the right flank of the enemy and keep in between him and Kansas, which order was faithfully carried out, and while our forces from Westport were putting Price to rout the Second Brigade whipped in on the right flank in hot pursuit of that portion of the enemy invading Kansas.

Colonel Moonlight's brigade deserves commendation.

Brigadier General W. H. M. Fishback, Kansas State Militia, participated in this battle, commanding the militia on the right under Major-General Deitzler, and reports as follows:

The 23rd instant the enemy appeared in line of battle a little south of Brush Creek near Westport. Generals Curtis and Blunt occupied a position in front and directed our movements in person. About 8 a. m. our entire force moved out to meet the enemy, and took position on Brush Creek, extending our lines from east to west, Colonel Jennison's brigade occupying the left, Colonel Moonlight's the right, and my brigade the center. Here the brigade was dismounted and acted as support to the batteries. The battle at this point was fierce and stubborn and with varying success, neither side gaining any great, decisive advantage for more than three hours, the rebels hotly contesting every foot until about 10 o'clock, when they began slowly falling back. Our men stood up nobly to their work and maintained their ground like veterans, and, seeing their advantage, were eager to pursue. The enemy were now plainly feeling their way out and losing nerve. Our boys commenced and soon the whole woods resounded with loud and long continued cheer after cheer as we drove them and pushed them from the timber. Our batteries are now hurried through the corn-field, followed by the militia, who are supporting them. Here we have punished them severely' their dead are numerous and lie on the field unburied. Our loss compared with theirs is trifling. By 12 o'clock we have reached the open prairie four miles south of Westport, when we see on our left as far as the eye can reach a long column advancing toward us. We are inspired with new and intense interest; we look and listen; we are not long in doubt; we hear the artillery of Generals Pleasonton and McNeil; they have at last reached us and given the enemy's right a taste of their powder; we now have them; the retreat became a perfect trout; we cannot keep pace with them. The battle is over, the victory won, and nobly won.

