
were signs of very severe fighting that day. Broken wagons, cannon balls, shells, and dead bodies were scattered along the road for two miles. The dead seemed nearly all of the Kansas militia and the rebels. I saw but one while man, who appeared to have been a Federal soldier, and two negroes. I came to General Sanborn's camp shortly after dark and there first learned the particulars of the battle of the day and also that General Pleasonton had effected a junction with General Curtis and that both were probably encamped several miles to the west. I then pushed ahead with my squadron and reached headquarters at Little Santa Fe at 10 p. m., having traveled about forty-five miles during the day.

The movements west by Colonel Moonlight and east by Major Curtis show the extent of operations both east and west by both the troops of General Rosecrans and mine to have extended east and west from near Hickman Mills to the State line. and other reports show the contest to have extended from Westport to about five miles below Little Santa Fe, where Colonel Jennison left the enemy at work.

The active part taken by other officers of my staff in this victory will be found in their several reports. Those of major Weed, Major McKenny, Major Hunt, Major Charlot, Captain Meeker, and Lieutenant Roberts will be found interesting as well as those of my volunteer staff, General Lane, General Pomeroy, Colonel Roberts, Colonel Cloud, and others. I have only extracted portions to illustrate leading truths of history, omitting what is also of interest but not essential to the presentation of our general movement. I have been only anxious to give the general outlines of affairs which extended far beyond the reach of any one observer, inviting examination of the reports of my subordinates who in various positions saw and participated in the movements and bloody strife of this campaign. The victory of Westport was most decisive. We did not stop to count our losses or bury our dead in any of these conflicts. In killed, wounded, and missing it was probably 500. The enemy's loss in killed and prisoners was not larger, but their of their equipments on the field. Their retreat commenced on what is called the Line road, which they generally followed southward in their flight and subsequent pursuit to the Arkansas River.

CHANGE OF FORCE AND PURSUIT OF PRICE'S ARMY.

The enemy having been fairly defeated at Westport after over three days of fighting, a vigorous pursuit was necessary to prevent his taking our military posts which are located near the State line at various points between the Missouri and the Arkansas, a distance of about 300 miles. The troops of General Pleasonton, the militia, about 10,000 strong, and my regular volunteers, about 4,000, were now more than sufficient to pursue Price. Halting at a farm-house near Indian Creek about 2.30 on the 23 d, these matters were discussed; Generals Pleasonton, Deitzler, Blunt, Sanborn, and most of our staffs, having stopped for dinned and consultation. General Pleasonton proposed to move his command eastward toward Harrisonville, suggesting the long march of some of his cavalry, which had come up from Arkansas, and also the importance of the Missouri volunteers being at their homes on the day of election, now near at hand, but Governor Carney and General Deitzler urged the necessity of discharging the Kansas militia, who, with indifferent equipments and doubtful pay, had left their homes and served faithfully in checking the enemy. This I considered reasonable and General Pleasonton concurred.

