
The militia residing north were released and martial law rescinded in all the country north of my position by the following orders:

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers --. In the Field, on Indian Creek, October 23, 1864 - 3 p. m.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 54, headquarters Department of Kansas, as proclaims martial law north of the Kansas River is hereby revoked. The enemy are repelled and driven south. Our success is beyond all anticipation. The general delights to relieve the people north of the Kansas from the burden.

By order of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

From the same point I telegraphed General Rosecrans, as follows:

INDIAN CREEK, October 23, 1864 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your dispatch duly received. I have had a hard fight this morning before the rebels gave way, but about an hour ago General Pleasonton's forces crowded the enemy on my left and his rout was complete. He now retreats cautiously, but as fast as possible. My horses are in fine condition and we can continue the pursuit with success if provisions can be brought forward fast enough.

Very respectfully,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

To this in the evening I received the following reply:

INDEPENDENCE, Mo., October 23, 1864 - 8.45 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Indian Creek, Mo.:

Your dispatch 2.30 p. m. received. Am happy to have such good news. I repeat my belief expressed in yesterday's dispatch to you that our combined forces can bring Price to grief. Infantry command can co-operate, reaching Little Santa Fe to-morrow evening, perhaps farther. Will use every available means of transportation to supply you via Pleasant Hill. Please use your influence to get the Kansas people to supply Pleasonton's horses. The result will amply pay them.*

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Having thus disposed of the militia, governor Carney and General Deitzler returned to direct their homeward march and muster out of those living north of us. General Pleasonton, with his division and my regular volunteers and militia residing south of Kansas River, now resumed the pursuit, arriving at Little Santa Fe about dark, when I forwarded to you the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Little Santa Fe, October 23, 1864 - 5.30 o'clock.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The enemy is in full retreat and much demoralized. He moves directly south on and near the Line read. General Pleasonton united his forces with mine at 2 o'clock. Our losses are inconsiderable. We lost one gun yesterday and took one to-day. The pursuit will be renewed at daylight. After four days' obstinate fighting the men and horses are much exhausted and must have a little rest.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

On the 24th of October, at an early hour, we resumed the pursuit, General Blunt taking the advance as commander of the Kansas troops, which I now denominated as the First Division, and General Pleasonton following with his division, comprising Missouri, Iowa, Indiana, and other troops, which I denominated a Second Division according to the rank of the major-generals.

---------------

*For version of this dispatch as sent by Rosecrans, see Part IV.

---------------

