
My telegraph to you en route was indicative of the incidents of the day;
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,October 24, 1864 - 12 m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

my pursuit of Price has extended down the Line road opposite to Paola. He makes rapid progress, but dead horses and debris show his demoralized and destitute condition and my probable success in overhauling him.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

I also sent the commander, Colonel Drake, at Paola, intelligence of my progress as follows:

IN THE FIELD, ON LINE ROAD,

October 24, 1864 - 12 m.

Colonel DRAKE:

Your post and all north are now safe against Price's movements, as the advance of my pursuit is now south of you and continuing rapidly. I hope fresh mounted troops will press down on Price's flank by the Fort Scott road, and by travelling night and day strike his train. He is scattering his heavy baggage along the road, but making rapid progress due south. I have fears he may move against Fort Scott, but shall press him so hard to-night he will not dare to make the divergence. Try to press provisions to supply us as we go or on our return.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Our trains could not overtake us and we had to pick up forage and food by the way, as occasion offered. Fortunately the enemy left cattle along the road which generally supplied us. We halted to kill some of these near West Point when night overtook us. After about two hours' rest and refreshment, mainly on fresh beef without salt or bread, I ordered the march resumed, General Pleasonton's division alternating in taking the advance, and at 8 o'clock it moved on cautiously, the night being very dark and rainy. About 1 a. m. of the 25th General Sanborn, in the extreme advance, halted, sending back intelligence of his arrival near the Marais des Cygnes (pronounced in the country Mary de Zene), where the enemy was in great force. I sent forward Major Weed, Major McKenny, and Major Hunt to reconnoiter the premises, and directed General Sanborn to open on the enemy with artillery, designing to interrupt his repose rather than make an assault, but the darkness, rain, and washed roads precluded it. Major Hunt formed three squadrons of the Second Colorado Regiment in advance, close on the enemy, and directed them to drive the enemy's pickets in and take possession of one or two mounds that occupy an isolated position on the north side of the stream. These daring troops gallantly opened the contest about 3 a. m., carrying out this order, assisted by Colonel Gravely and a portion of the Sixth and Eighth Missouri State Militia.

BATTLE OF MARAIS DES CYGNES.

The enemy had gone into camp in the timber skirting the Marais des Cygnes near the town of Trading Post, making fires and other extensive arrangements for rest and refreshments. My day and night's march brought my advance close upon them about 12 m. of the 25th, and at 3 o'clock Major Hunt led three companies of the Second Colorado to attack and take a mound which commands the valley of the stream. This was gallantly executed. I had sent a special order to General Sanborn, who commanded the advance brigade, by Major Weed, to

