
Major S. S. Curtis, Second Colorado, and an aide-de-camp on staff, after the close of the fight at the Marais des Cygnes, went forward with General Pleasonton, and reports as follows concerning matters at the battle of Osage:

I overtook General Pleasonton and rode with him for some distance. When about three miles from Marais des Cygnes we commenced to hear firing at the front, and General Pleasonton sent orders back for McNeil and Sanborn to hurry forward with all practicable dispatch, while we pushed forward at a trot and canter. When we first heard the firing Benteen's brigade was on a parallel road to the one we were on and to our right. He immediately put his command on the gallop and well fell to the rear of his column, as the roads soon came together. Benteen's brigade broke into regimental columns as they approached the battle-field, and as they came up on the left of Philips' brigade went forward into line and right on into the charge. The enemy was cannonading Philips' brigade when we came into sight, but the musketry firing had nearly ceased. General Pleasonton requested me to take his escort company and support a section of a battery which just then came up. General Pleasonton went forward, and I directed the lieutenant to post his guns on a small elevation and shell the enemy's right where the artillery was posted. But two shots were fired when I heard the yells raised by Benteen's brigade and saw the enemy's line breaking. I immediately ordered the guns forward to a better position, and had just got them in position when General Sanborn rode up and directed the lieutenant to fire upon some troops on the south side of Mine Creek, and on our extreme left. I felt doubtful as to whether they were rebels or our own troops, but a second thought made me conclude they were rebels. Four shots were fired at them when I saw by their falling back to our lines that they must be our own men. I rode forward to the guns to stop their firing, when Generals Sanborn and Pleasonton both rode up and ordered them to cease. At this time the enemy's cannonading on our right had not yet ceased. The enemy by this time being in full retreat, with the exception of their extreme left, which could scarcely be reached with artillery from where we were without danger to our command, and directly in front of us, our troops were immediately on the heels of the retreating rebels. I told the lieutenant in charge of to guns to follow as fast as he could, while I, with the escort company, pushed forward to rejoin General Pleasonton. A short distance before reaching the creek I found Major Weed, who told me of the capture of General Marmaduke. I pushed on and told General Pleasonton, and just as I did so General Cabell was brought up a prisoner. At this time we could see a second rebel line forming on top of the hill ahead of us, and our troops being scattered in pursuit General Pleasonton sent orders for them to halt and reform. I assisted in reforming the line and sending prisoners to the rear until General Pleasonton again ordered an advance, when I advanced with him. I waited on the hill until General curtis came up and rode with him to the banks of the next stream, when I rode up to the summit of the hill to the right of the road to obtain, if possible, a view of the charge being made by McNeill's brigade, which had taken the advance through the timber on Little Osage.

General Pleasonton, as commander of the advance division, acted with great coolness and propriety throughout this battle of the Osage, and if our battery fired on a portion of Colonel Benteen's troops after they crossed the creek my son, Major Curtis, clearly exonerates General Pleasonton from directing the matter, which was one of those incidents of battle which often occur. Colonel Benteen and his brigade evidently took the lead in the movement which captured the prisoners and guns at Mine Creek and deserves the greatest applause for personal gallantry. Brigadier-General McNeil concluded the matter on the height beyond the Osage with great success and courage. Nearly all these troops being of General Pleasonton's division and under his general supervision, he also deserves the gratitude of the country. General Blunt's division, crowding forward and augmenting the power and force which overcame the enemy, is equally deserving of the honor of the day. We were everywhere successful, and the following officers of my staff, although some of them have been already named, deserve special commendation for their unceasing toil and extraordinary gallantry at this battle of the Osage: Honorable J. H. Lane, Colonel C. W. Blair, Colonel W. F. Cloud, Colonel S. J. Crawford, Major T. I. McKenny, Major C. S. Charlot, Major R. H. Hunt, and Major S. S. Curtis. Captain

