
interview with General Pleasonton. He said his health would not admit of his further continuance in the field, but his troops might go on early in the morning after procuring some very necessary supplies. In the meantime General McNeil, with his gallant brigade of Missouri, Illinois, and Kansas troops, and the brigade of Colonel Benteen, which had done so much hard duty during the day, remained on the field in face of the rebel army. General Blunt, not receiving my order or misunderstanding it, followed General Pleasonton's troops to Fort Scott. I directed Major Curtis to hurry forward and cause rations to be sent on to General McNeil and General Blunt, but the teams meeting General Blunt on the way to Fort Scott, turned back, leaving General McNeil's force in a most wretched condition, much to my regret and contrary to my reasonable expectations and orders. The report of Major T. I. McKenny, of my staff, who was in the advance with General Lane and remained long after the latter had gone back to hurry up re-enforcements, gives a detailed and full account of this battle of Charlot in his report, as follows:

The rebels continued their retreat across the vast prairie without our forces with their jaded houses being able to bring them to bay until about one hour by sun, when they formed in great force near the Marmiton and about seven miles from Fort Scott. General McNeil's brigade promptly formed to resist them, the rebels outflanking him three-fourths of a mile either way. It was at this time, the rebels advancing, that General Pleasonton sent me forward to order McNeil to advance his right wing. McNeil replied, "I obey the order with pleasure; it is the most joyful news I have heard to-day." Colonel Cole now opened on their right and center with two Rodman guns, which did good execution and broke their column, our forces at the same time pressing their left, when they gave way. At this time our guns were pointed to their left, the extreme of which, as well as our right, was in low ground and could not be seen by the artillerists. Our shot falling immediately in front of our ranks came near creating confusion. At the request of General McNeil I rode rapidly to the rear and communicated the facts, when the firing ceased. Sun was now about one-half hour high. General Pleasonton, not knowing where he was, remarked that he thought he should order the troops to fall back to the last stream crossed (Little Osage), to the rear seven or eight miles, where wood and water could be had, as his troops were much fatigued and needed rest. I urged that he press forward, as I understand it was but a few miles to the Marmiton, and I thought we could drive the enemy. While we were talking a courier came from McNeil asking for re-enforcements, as the enemy was outflanking him on both sides, which was plainly to be seen, as he was only distant about one mile and a half. Pleasonton answered by, saying, "Tell General McNeil to hold his ground until re-enforced by fresh troops." Lieutenant Ehle now arrived from Fort Scott, stating that it was but two miles and a half from that place. Pleasonton now gave orders to all his troops that had come up "to file right" for Fort Scott. A conversation occurred between Pleasonton and myself in regard to General Blunt's forces coming up to relieve or assist McNeil. The advance had got about one mile ont he road to Fort Scott, when I, too, started for that place. I had not gone more than 800 yards when I came across a lake or lagoon, with plenty of water. I immediately addressed a note to General Pleasonton, notifying him of the fact, at the same time stating to him it would be a proper place for Blunt's command to camp, and provisions could be sent out to him. I arrived in advance of others in Fort Scott after a tedious ride of six or seven miles, instead of two and a half.

The distance traveled during the day and the frequent conflicts in which we had been engaged during the four previous days and nights had indeed exhausted men and horses; still it was my earnest desire to rest on the field, sending to Fort Scott for food and forage. But ammunition and other supplies were also necessary, and the erroneous statement of the distance to Fort Scott irresistibly carried my main forces to that place of abundant supply. The enemy burned a vast number of his wagons and destroyed much of his heavy ammunition, so as to materially accommodate his farther retreat. Thus all our troops, some on the field of battle at Charlot and the remainder at Fort Scott, rested a few hours of the night of the 25th and 26th.

