
When at Little Santa Fe, I received General Rosecran's dispatch from Independence of the 24th, showing that he was then only about fifteen miles from me, but he seems to have taken a different road, judging from the following telegraph, which I received at Fort Scott:

GRAND RIVER, October 25, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding:

We arrived here to-day at noon; shall make Spring Grove to-night. You have so far outstripped us that the infantry will halt until train comes from Warrensburg, by way of Harrisonville. Will have supplies sent out by that place to meet you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Arriving at Fort Scott, I immediately issued the following order, rescinding all that remained of my order concerning martial law:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 57. Fort Scott, October 25, 1864.

Fifteen days ago, apprehending an assault upon my department by Major General Sterling Price, commanding a force of 20,000 to 30,000 rebels, intent upon the devastation and plundering of the State of Kansas, I deemed it necessary to proclaim martial law within this State and in the country occupied by my forces, in order to secure a sufficient force, with aid of the Governor, to avert disasters and maintain the honor and power of the Federal Government within my department. The enemy having been beaten in several battles, driven below the settlements of Kansas, all danger to the State from that invasion seems to have ended, and to restrictions and burdens incident to martial law no longer necessary in my command.

General Orders, Numbers 54, is therefore rescinded.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Thus closed the eventful operations of the 25th of October, during which we had traveled near fifty miles and been almost constantly fighting the enemy. I telegraphed you as follows early the next morning:

FORT SCOTT, October 26, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Price again deployed and fought us at Charlot, near this place, where he outflanked us, but was soon broken up by artillery firing on his center and a cavalry charge. While this was going on he burned most of his train and again resumed his retreat. Having saved this post by pressing his rear, I have supplies which I am arranging in half-loaded wagons to feed my troops. I think I have all of Price's cannot but three, and thousands of his arms scattered along the road. I shall proceed in the pursuit with all the forces I can keep on the way.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

I am since informed that General Pleasonton sent a dispatch to General Rosecrans of this date or the day following, in which he represented the matter as a conclusion of the campaign and farther pursuit unnecessary; but General Rosecrans did not receive it till he reached Warrensburg in the afternoon of the 27th. The entire Federal force from Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, and elsewhere had exhibited the utmost courage and gallantry, and, as far as possible, had engaged the enemy wherever he offered battle.

FARTHER PURSUIT OF THE ENEMY BELOW FORT SCOTT.

The deflection to Fort Scott increased our distance nearly ten miles and otherwise delayed the movement, but it was partially compensated by our securing a good meal of victual and a few hours' rest for most

