
of our troops, besides making many improvements in our outfit and supplies. My chief quartermaster, Captain Insley, and chief commissary, Captain Breckinridge, deserve great credit for the untiring exertions they made to furnish the troops at this time and subsequently. Major McKenny, Major Curtis, Major Hunt, and others of my staff labored most of the night in directing matters of supplies so as to resume the pursuit early next morning. I ordered General blunt to take the advance and move early on the 26th, and General Sanborn assured me that he would follow promptly and support my movement heartily. Being thus assured of the united forces of General Pleasonton and my own regular forces I discharged all the remaining Kansas militia, believing our regular volunteers were sufficient for future operations against Price's broken down and greatly demoralized forces. I had up to this time avoided a formal assumption of command (although I had fully directed matters), supposing every hour that General Rosecrans would overtake us, and being my senior, claim and receive the direction of affairs. His dispatch of the 25th, dated at Grand River, addressing me as "commanding," and saying he would send me supplies, implied doubts as to his early personal presence. I therefore informed General Pleasonton that I took the responsibilities and must therefore have the direction of affairs. I ordered the prisoners to be sent back to Fort Leavenworth, where the new prison was ready and convenient to hold them, giving orders to provost-marshals to this effect. I had previously assigned a regiment of Missouri troops to escort the prisoners, and supposed all matters relative to them were satisfactory to everybody. I also directed half-loaded teams to follow my movement day and night with provisions and other necessary supplies.

Having so arranged matters in rear at an early hour in the morning I joined General Moonlight in the advance to find the enemy's trail and continue the pursuit. After going a few miles I got reliable intelligence with induced me to send back the following order:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, October 26, 1864.

Generals BLUNT and PLEASONTON,

Commanding Officers:

I have reliable information that the enemy have all crossed at Adamson's Ford and gone eastward. I therefore direct all forces to move by the shortest route to that point and follow me in pursuit.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

We struck the rebel trail near Shanghai, Barton County, Mo., about twenty-five miles from Fort Scott, where I camped for the night, and to allow all the troops to close up. October 27 we followed the enemy's trail all day and most of the night. The division of General Pleasonton was moving up on different lines in their several brigades. By a telegraph subsequently received from General A. J. Smith, dated Harrisonville, October 27, I was informed:

General Rosecrans left here yesterday for Pleasant Hill, and that point this morning for Warrensburg.

So it seems General Rosecrans must have relinquished the idea of personal participation in the pursuit about that place and time, the 26th, and he must have arrived at Warrensburg the evening of that day, when I was at Shanghai, Mo., twenty-five miles from Fort Scott. At Shanghai I heard some change had been made concerning prisoners,

