
Colorado battery; Lieutenant J. B. Pond, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and Sergt. George Patterson, of the Fourteenth Kansas, who deserve the high commendation he bestows upon them.

General Sanborn's report was made to General Patterson and published some time ago. It does not materially differ from the foregoing, and hardly does himself justice for gallantry on this occasion. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt commanded the First Brigade, Kansas and Wisconsin troops, who behaved, as usual, in the most gallant manner. Colonel Ford commanded the Second Brigade, and reports concerning this battle as follows:

From this time (after leaving Fort Scott on the morning of the 26th) until the afternoon of the 28th we continued marching night and day, with but short halts and small feeds, following at all times the trail of the enemy. About 10 a. m., my brigade being in the advance, we discovered the enemy's rear in the edge of the woods north of Shoal Creek. I sent two companies of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry into the woods as skirmishers, who soon reported that the party was about 200 strong and retreating fast. I then pressed rapidly forward, and, upon reaching Granby, ascertained that they had just passed through and that Price's whole army was doubtless at Newtonia, distance five miles. The advance soon reported that the enemy's train was in sight and but few men visible. I hurried forward at a gallop, and when within two miles of the town saw the rear of the rebel train entering the woods beyond town on the Cassville road. The battery was immediately planted on the bluffs and commenced throwing shell, while the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry and Second Colorado Cavalry were formed in two lines and ordered to charge down toward the enemy's train, the charge being led by the major-general commanding the First Division in person. We advanced at a rapid gallop, with skirmishers in front, until we came upon the main body of the enemy, who was formed three lines deep and the front line dismounted. the action was commenced in earnest, and for three hours with less than 900 men (my brigade consisting of less than 600) we contended with the enemy of ten times our number, and closed the day by driving him from the field, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. During the hottest of the engagement the enemy threw a large body of men upon our left, their fire telling fearfully upon our small force, but the left, commanded by Major Ketner commanding Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, never moved or flinched, but answered shot for shot. The brigade remained on the field until 9 p. m., when it went into camp in the town of Newtonia.

Major C. S. Charlot, my assistant adjutant-general, asked leave to keep with the advance on the 28th, and he thus briefly reports in observations and gallant participation on the battle:

We crossed Spring River and reached Carthage, Mo., before daylight on the 28th, and halted the command for rest and feed three hours, when the column was again in motion. Riding forward I reached the front at 11.30, at Diamond Grove, where the enemy with their train was in plain sight. General Blunt came up immediately and ordered an advance. We had overtaken Major McKenny, bearer of a flag of truce, but the flag was ordered back, and Major McKenny, taking his escort, advanced against the enemy as skirmishers. Colonel Ford's brigade, Major Ketner, of Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, in the advance, went forward and messengers were sent to the rear by General Blunt to hurry forward the whole command. The enemy retreated rapidly out of sight, but at Newtonia the advance, under Colonel Ford, came upon them again. General Blunt came up immediately (about 3 o'clock) and ordered a charge, which was made by the Second Colorado and Sixteenth Kansas, the general leading the person, McLain's battery opening on the enemy at the same time, supported by the Fifteenth Kansas, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt. This developed their whole line, which now threatened to turn both our right and left flanks. Orders were sent back to McNeil, who was supposed to be in our immediate rear, and to Moonlight, who had not yet come up, but both these commands had been halted to feed, and did not reach the grounds in time to take part in the action. With the Second Colorado, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Kansas, altogether less than 1,000 men, we fought the whole of Shelby's division, and had succeeded in driving them in the center of their line, when General Sanborn unexpectedly arrived, and, rapidly forming on the left, charged the enemy's right, and our victory was complete. Night coming on pursuit was impossible, and the command returned to Newtonia, where the remainder of our column had already arrived and gone into camp.

