
was sixty or eighty miles from telegraphic communications and could not get explanations to General Rosecrans in time to arrest the retiring of his forces, which General Sanborn informed me he would immediately commence. I telegraphed you some of my ill humor as follows:

NEWTONIA, October 29, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

After our victory last night I started the troops at 3 o'clock this a. m. in farther pursuit of Price, General McNeil in advance, when orders from General Rosecrans, through General Pleasonton, were received, taking General McNeil to Rolla and General Sanborn to Springfield, and otherwise disposing of all of their troops, including my prisoners, who have remained in the rear. I am left with only the fragment of my own regular volunteers, not exceeding 1,000 fit for duty,a nd deeming it improper to continue a pursuit in another department, suspended by its proper commander, I shall return by slow marches to my own department command.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Neosho, October 29 and 30, 1864.- Having telegraphed you at Newtonia and provided as well as I could for the wounded Union and rebel soldiers that could not be brought away, I moved with my little remaining force to Neosho, a homeward movement of twelve miles. Believing our campaign concluded, we sought and secured comfortable lodgings and food which we all much needed. But at midnight I was much needed. But at midnight I was much and agreeably surprised by a messenger bringing your dispatches of the 28th, the most important of which was as follows:

WASHINGTON, October 28, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Lieutenant-General Grant desires that Price be pursued to the Arkansas River, or at least until he encounters General Steele or General Reynolds.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

This dispatch clearly overruled General Rosecrans' order of the 27th, received by me at Newtonia twenty-two hours before, and justified my immediate exertions to recall the troops of General Rosecrans to the pursuit. Calling up my officers I immediately directed orders such as the following to be sent instanter by couriers to each of the retiring brigades:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, Neosho, October 30, 1864.

Dispatches just received from Lieutenant-General Grant require me to continue the pursuit of Price to the Arkansas River. You will therefore proceed forthwith to Cassville, by the nearest and best route, reporting to me at that place. This countermands all orders received by you from Generals Rosecrans and Pleasonton, concerning a retrograde movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

These were sent to Brigadier-General Sanborn and McNeil, Colonel Philips, Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen.

I also telegraphed General Rosecrans as follows:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, Neosho, October 30, 1864-1 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

An order just received from Lieutenant-General Grant, directing the pursuit of Price to be continued to the Arkansas River, seems to conflict with your roder, directing the troops of General Pleasonton to their several districts. I have therefore ordered your troops to resume the pursuit, supposing it will meet with your

