
General Sanborn commanded the district above Fort Scott and Newtonia where Price's forces were foraging and burning and murdering, and if not driven out would also have returned on my department with his marauding bands of guerrillas, bushwhackers, and "deserters," which I desired to have as far from my lines as Texas. Having now promulgated your order so as to bring the forces back to the pursuit, I immediately returned to Newtonia, and on the next day, October 31, I moved toward Cassville as far as Gadfly, where I ascertained that Price had moved with his main force toward Pineville and resumed his position on what is known as the State Line road. I therefore turned due south and camped near Keetsville, making short marches to allow my expected re-enforcements to come up On the morning of November 1 Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen joined me at the ruins of Keetsville with his brigade, about 1,800 strong. This force was composed of portions of the Tenth Missouri, Third and Fourth Iowa Cavalry, and some Indiana cavalry, all veteran volunteers, many of whom had served with me in my campaign of 1862 through this same country and shared in the glory of our struggles at Keetsville, Cross Timbers, Sugar Creek, and Pea Ridge. This brigade was the best equipped, disciplined, and commanded force in the field, and I now had about 3,000 men with sufficient artillery also so arranged by doubling teams as to move with the usual speed of cavalry forces. I moved forward and camped near Pea Ridge, Ark., where, as I telegraphed you, I expected McNeil would overtake me. This force not arriving I remained the 2nd, during which period I received a re-enforcement of fifty men from Cassville, forwarded by Major Melton, who commanded the post. I also ascertained that my couriers sent to Generals McNeil and Sanborn did not overtake them till they were near Springfield, and being near they had gone to get supplies, &amp;c. Still I hoped they would overtake me, but determined to proceed and press the foe with my 3,000 against their boasted 3,000. I sent prisoners taken on the road to General Rosecrans with the following note:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,In the Field, Camp near Pea Ridge, Ark., November 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Understanding that you have ordered most of your prisoners to Saint Louis, I send you those taken since. I have waited the return of some more of your troops for the pursuit of Price, but will proceed cautiously with what I have, hoping to deter the enemy from besieging and taking the posts in Western Arkansas and to rid the country of Price's desperate hordes.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

After distributing a few rations that overtook us in a terrible storm of rain and snow I moved forward on the 3rd, camping at night near Cross Hollows. During the day Colonel Benteen received an order from General Rosecrans directing him to report to General Sanborn at Cassville, transmitted through General Sanborn, at Springfield, on the 2nd. This order was subsequently explained as having been issued on the supposition that I was still at or near Cassville, and on the supposition that it was so issued I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen to continue with me, reporting my conduct to General Rosecrans and to yourself.

My report of you is as follows:

CROSS HOLLOWS, November 3, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

General Thayer, at Fort Scott, and Colonel Harrison, at Fayetteville, send me dispatches urging me forward to save them from Price. Three days unremitting rain

