
and snow detain me, but I hope my advance will reach Fayetteville to-night. Price's forces were yesterday on two sides of that place but were not attacking our troops. General Rosecrans, at Jefferson City, yesterday, and General Sanborn, at Springfield, to-day, ordered Colonel Benteen's brigade to report at Cassville. This is a material part of my force and I cannot believe these officers would again embarrass my operations were they acquainted with the circumstances. I hope therefore my order to Colonel Benteen will receive your approval and that of General Rosecrans. Your dispatch informing me that General Rosecrans is ordered to pursue Price to the Arkansas, does not as I suppose relieve me from concurrent duty implied by your former dispatch, expressing to me the desire of the lieutenant-general.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ATTACK ON FAYETTEVILLE.

Camping in mud, rain, and show at dark on the evening of the 3rd at Cross Hollows, I was nearly overcome with fatigue, illness, and the perplexing orders which I have mentioned. My troops had built fires in the woods and began to enjoy themselves, when about midnight messengers arrived from Fayetteville informing me of Price's attack of that post and Colonel Harrison's successful holding against fearful odds; and his earnest desire for help. This post, eighteen miles in my advance, was commanded by Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, of the First Arkansas Cavalry, with about 1,100 militia and volunteers constituting the garrison. Substantial earth-works had been erected, and though far from supporting forces it had for several weeks, especially during the previous ten days, been in a state of siege and the troops were on half rations. Price's main forces halted at Cane Hill, sending General Fagan, with 8,000 men and two pieces of artillery, to take the forces and supplies of Colonel Harrison. Their operations commended ont he 3rd, and after investing the town they cannonaded the fort for several hours with very little effect. The storm, timidity of the rebels, and the gallant bearing of the garrison, prevented a charge on the works which the rebel officers tried to make, but with the close of the day they withdrew and went into camp around the town. I had sent a small party which had got into the fort during the night. Meantime Colonel Harrison's messengers reached me at Cross Hollows about midnight. As soon as my troops could be fed and collected I hurried forward with my little force, determined to make the best showing I could for the benefit of the garrison. The enemy not knowing my force, but doubtless supposing I was coming with all my former numbers, made a hasty retreat during the night, his rear guard leaving as my advance arrived about 11 o'clock November 4. A portion of the rebel troops, separating from Price's main force, went eastward under Freeman, following down the White River, leaving their broken guns in disgust and probably disbanding near Huntsville. The main force, however, moved rapidly back to Cane Hill and joined Price's main army, which was collecting cattle and other supplies at that place.

The accompanying report of Colonel Harrison is interesting, giving an account of his perilous position and gallant deportment for some time before my forces came to his relief.

I sent the following dispatch:

FAYETTEVILLE, Friday, November 4, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Price's forces attacked and shelled this place, but retreated at the approach of my command. Colonel Harrison reports his loss as trifling. He will join me in pursuit as you direct. The enemy lost several, including one officer. He has divided, but seems to aim at a crossing of the Arkansas above Fort Smith.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

