
much of the way and make short marches till we reached the vicinity of Fort Scott, where I arrived on the 15th, and taking more rapid conveyance reached my headquarters, Fort Leavenworth, on the 18th of November. I here received your dispatch of the 7th, which is as follows:

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 7, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

In the Field:

The Secretary of War directs that you assume command of all the troops belonging to the Department of Missouri, and now serving on the west border of that State, and pursue Price toward the Arkansas River or till he reaches the troops of General Steele or General Reynolds. Having completed this duty, you will return the troops to their respective commands. You will furnish a copy of this order to the several commanders, and also to General Rosecrans. Regiments or fractions of regiments belonging to Department of Arkansas will be sent to General Steele.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

This roder, as you perceive, was issued at Washington the day before I reached the Arkansas River and far from mails and telegraphic communication, yet seems to cover all my orders and movements down to my order of the 8th, distributing the troops that had shared in the final pursuit. Thus terminated my last campaign against the rebel General Price in thirty-eight days. The distance traversed, going and returning, including the various marches and countermarches of headquarters of the army of the Border, is about 850 miles.

In conclusion, although I have specially commenced most of my comrades who ought to be prominently named, yet I here again present the roll of honor, which I hope may be transmitted to posterity, and ask for the generous sympathy due to those who have gained victories, conquered armies, saved cities, and increased the great aggregate of glorious achievements which are crushing the rebellion.

ROLL OF HONOR.

Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Volunteers.

Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Volunteers.

Major General George W. Deitzler, Kansas State Militia.

Brigadier General John McNeil, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General W. H. M. Fishback, Kansas State Militia.

Colonel James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel Charles R. Jennison, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers.

Colonel George W. Veale, Second Kansas State Militia.

Colonel G. A. Colton, Fifth Kansas State Militia.

Colonel James Montgomery, Sixth Kansas State Militia.

Colonel William D. McCain, Fourth Kansas State Militia.

Colonel William Pennock, Tenth Kansas State Militia.

Colonel L. S. Treat, Twelfth Kansas State Militia.

Colonel A. S. Hogan, Nineteenth Kansas State Militia.

Colonel Sandy Lowe, Twenty-first Kansas State Militia.

Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Benteen, Tenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel George H. Hoyt, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Walker, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

