
retention of Colonel Ford's (Second Colorado) regiment in the neighborhood of Kansas City. Again incredulous on the 28th. On the 29th he telegraphs the attack on Pilot Knob by Price in person and declares that "the question of Price's being in Missouri is settled."

On the 26th, however, you had begun moving troops in view of the danger to Kansas from Price and his rebel army in Missouri. Colonel Ford, whose regiment had just been reported to you, was directed to move south to a point near Paola, and the utmost vigilance was enjoined upon Colonel Blair, commanding at Fort Scott, and Colonel Jennison, at Mound City. On the 2nd of October General Sykes, commanding District of South Kansas, was directed to assemble forces at Olathe, including such of the militia as he might be able to collect in that vicinity. Same day Governor Carney, in response to your appeal to demand upon him which he might publish as the basis of his action in calling out the militia. Colonel Ford, now at Independence, was ordered to send out scouts toward the enemy, who were reported advancing from Franklin and Washington on the Missouri River, and to keep in communication with General Brown, commanding at Warrensburg. On the 4th Price was rapidly advancing on Jefferson City, and on the 5th, his purpose to strike immediately for Kansas being fully developed, the desired letter was addressed to Governor Carney, and next day, 6th, General Rosecrans was urged to push forward his forces in the rear of the enemy, that "delay is disastrous." Daily dispatches were sent to commanding officers to obtain more accurate information of the movements of the enemy. At the same time every effort was made to hurry forward the militia. On the 8th, after repeated dispatches to the Governor to "hurry up the militia," each more urgent than the last the Governor's proclamation was issued. The result proved that the movement as not made too soon. On the 10th Price was reported west of Jefferson City and martial law was declared, "to extend throughout the State of Kansas and the territory occupied by the troops moving therefrom." General Blunt was ordered to Paola and placed in command of the District of South Kansas, Major General G. W. Deitzler, Kansas State Militia, commanding the militia, which was reported as turning out promptly throughout the border counties. On the 11th, when the commanding general took the field in person, the troops out of which was to be created "the Army of the Border" consisted of the Second Colorado Cavalry, Colonel James H. Ford, moving from Pleasant Hill to Hickman Mills, and constituting the advance; the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Colonel Thomas Moonlight, headquarters at Paola; the Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, Colonel C. R. Jennison, headquarters at Mound City, and a detachment of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Walker, First Colorado Battery, Captain W. D. McLain, at Paola, and Ninth Wisconsin Battery, Captain J. H. Dodge, at Fort Riley. The militia, though rapidly assembling, had yet to be organized, armed and equipped, and on the 13th, when we left Olathe for Kansas City, the commanding general found himself quite in advance of his troops. Orders were issued to Major-General Blunt, commanding the right wing, Army of the Border, to concentrate at Hickman Mills, while the militia, constituting the left wing, under Major-General Deitzler, Kansas State Militia, were to assemble at Shawnee, on the State line, with a view of throwing forward the left in the direction of Kansas City and Independence. On the 14th we camped at Wyandotte, and the next day we proceeded to Independence, thence to Hickman Mills, returning same night to camp in Wyandotte. On the 16th Ford was at Independ-

