
KANSAS CITY, July 17, 1864.

Todd with 150 thieves threatens Independence. Three hundred or 400 of Thornton's whelps down in Ray County, opposite Lexington, trying to cross. I have sent the Fanny Ogden with one section of battery and 100 men to stop their crossing. Todd is playing the devil in my sub- district. I have not troops enough to protect all sides. These few rebels in and about Weston are there only to draw back our forces. I must have a part of my men back, or I will lose Independence.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel.

Major- General CURTIS.

KANSAS CITY, July 18, 1864.

GENERAL: Attacked enemy at Camden Point. They ran. We killed 15 of them there. Our loss, 1 killed, 1 mortally wounded. Chased them clear down in Ray County. Killed at least 25 on the road down; all of them in arms; killed no citizens, although many of them need killing. Have called a large mass- meeting, to be held at Liberty on Wednesday next, and have names of all disloyal men and sympathizers, and have told the people that I will hold the enemy responsible for actions of their particular friend Thornton. I will give them a chance to redeem themselves and then try and save their county from destruction. Todd and his thieves are raising the devil in my sub- district. I cannot go down into Ray without leaving my counties completely unprotected. One hundred and fifty whelps now threaten Independence. We only have thirty men there. I am doing all I can. A large party opposite Lexington is trying to cross the river. Have sent a steam- boat with one section of artillery and 100 men, under Major Suess, down to prevent their crossing. I received General Rosecrans' order to remain over there, but I cannot leave my own men unprotected. General Curtis has withdrawn the Kansas troops. The balance of my force is at Liberty. Colonel Draper is there. If I have to bring my troops over would recommend that Colonel Draper be left there for the present.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

General FISK.

KANSAS CITY, July 21, 1864.

On Sunday, the 17th instant, Captain Moses, with forty- seven men, scouting seventeen miles northeast of Liberty, near Fredericksburg, Ray County, came onto a large force of the enemy, over 300 strong, under Colonel Thornton. After a severe fight they has to retreat to the brush, where Captain Moses again rallied his men. They fired their last shot from their revolvers, when Captain Moses gave the order to separate and do the best they could. Our loss, 6 killed, 4 wounded, 2 missing. Enemy's loss, 16 killed and 21 wounded. The information as to the enemy's wounded we get from the inhabitants. I think it is correct. Captain Moses behaved with coolness and bravery, discharging before he left the field eighteen shots, all he had. He escaped uninjured, but received five bullet holes through his hat and clothes,one of which grazed he forehead; his horse received four wounds but carried him safely off the field. He reports that his men fought desperately, also that our carbines again failed us and we had to rely on the pistols. Major Pritchard was immediately sent in pursuit with 250 men. He

