
posts of Fort Leavenworth, Fort Scott, Fayetteville, Fort Gibson, and Fort Smith, and the State of Kansas from the devastation and destruction which would too surely have followed an invasion by Price's army.

I cannot close this report without recalling an incident of the campaign. The congratulatory order of the major-general commanding announcing the termination of the pursuit and the return of the troops was written in the general's tent during a most terrific thunder-storm and a deluging rain, which almost instantly extinguished the fires while it awakened the enthusiasm of the foot-sore, wearied but gallant soldiers, who met the storm of the elements as they had met the bullets of the enemy with shouts and cheers. And thus on the 8th of November, as the sun went down on the peaceful triumph of loyal millions at home over the traitors of the North, from the dark waters of the distant Arkansas went up the victories greeting of the Army of the Border, as closed the pursuit of Price on 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas.

Numbers 66. Reports of Major Samuel S. Curtis, Second Colorado Cavalry, Aide-de-Camp.

STEAMER BENTON, October 16, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor for the information of the general commanding the following circumstances connected with the recent trip of the steamer Benton to Glasgow:

Pursuant to instructions from General Curtis, on the morning of the 7th instant I proceeded to Leavenworth City from Fort Leavenworth, and took possession of the steamer Benton for Government service, taking charge of her myself. She was already loaded with three companies of the Forty-third Missouri Infantry, under command of Major Davis, and the West Wind had three more companies of the same regiment, all being under the command of Colonel Chester Harding, jr. Both boats started almost immediately for Jefferson City. We were very much delayed by the low stage of water in the river and hard winds and did not reach Brunswick until about 10 a. m. of the 11th instant. We found the town occupied by Captain Kennedy, of Price's army, with about eighty men, most of whom he had raised in the place the preceding day. A guerrilla named Ryder had been there the previous day with a force of about 100 men, but had left the same evening. We landed and drove the enemy from the town, they fleeing at the first fire. Colonel Harding immediately seized all the serviceable horses to be found, and mounted a detachment of about eighty men and sent them in pursuit. They returned during the night and reported having come up with the enemy, but they again fled without showing fight. We left Brunswick the next day, saw a few of the enemy at Cambridge, but did not stop, and arrived at Glasgow on the 13th. We found Captain Mayer [Mayo] of, I believe, the Ninth Missouri State Militia [Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry], in command of the post, with about 300 cavalry and as many more armed citizens. They had already com-

