
arrived at Kansas City about 4 o'clock this afternoon, where I learned that General Curtis was at Wyandotte City, to which place I immediately proceeded and reported the substance of this communication.

Though the bringing up of the boat was regarded by all as hazardous, yet the capture of Glasgow the next day by Price's forces has proven that it was much better than remaining there.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CURTIS,

Major Second Colorado Cavalry, Aide-de-Camp.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, ---, -.

MAJOR: In compliance with the general field order issued at Camp Arkansas, November 8, 1864, I submit for the information of the general commanding the following report of my actions in connection with the recent campaign:

On the 7th of October I proceeded to Glasgow, Mo., in charge of the steamer Benton conveying a part of Colonel Harding's command, from whence I returned to headquarters on the 16th. The events connected with that expedition have been already made known to you by my report of the [16th] of October. On the morning of the 17th of October I left Wyandotte with the steamer Benton for the purpose of transporting supplies from Fort Leavenworth to the army in the vicinity of Kansas City. We arrived at Fort Leavenworth about 2 p. m., loaded that afternoon, and started the next morning at daylight for Kansas City, where we arrived about noon of the same day, finding headquarters at Camp Charlot near Kansas City. By order of the general I returned to Fort Leavenworth on the 18th, with instructions to send forward all troops and militia that could be gathered together. I found that there was but a small garrison at the post of Fort Leavenworth, Colonel McFarland's and Captain Zesch's battery of Kansas State Militia in Leavenworth City, and Colonel Frank Tracy's and another regiment of militia, both under command of Brigadier General Byron Sherry, Kansas State Militia at Atchison. The battery at Leavenworth City was immediately ordered to the front, and left at daylight the next morning on the stream-boat Benton. Endeavors were made also by myself and the other members of the staff at Fort Leavenworth, Colonel Stark, Major Heath, Major Weed, and Captain Willans, to get the tow regiments of militia ta Atchison forward, but owing to the low stage of water in the river and the scarcity of land transportation they did not reach Fort Leavenworth until about noon of the 21st of October. News of the advance of Price from Lexington having been received, we immediately commenced preparations to send them forward, one regiment going by boat and the other in wagons. The same night it was deemed advisable, and we ordered Colonel McFarland's regiment, Kansas State Militia, also to the front. Every facility was afforded by Captain Hodges, depot quartermaster, and Captain Carpenter, post quartermaster, and two regiments left in wagons on the morning of the 22nd, the other regiment having left on steamer Benton on the evening of the 21st. I went in person with the regiment on the boat, and Major Weed accompanied the

