
I came to General Sanborn's camp shortly after dark and there first learned the particulars of the battle of the day, and also that General Pleasonton had effected a junction with General Curtis and that both ahead with my squadron and reached headquarters at Little Santa Fe about 10 p. m., having traveled about forty miles during the day. The Second Colorado Cavalry being in camp near headquarters, I ordered Captain Kingsbury with his squadron to join his regiment. The next day (October 24) I accompanied the general all day. About dark General Pleasonton took the advance for a night march. During the night I remained near General Curtis, and in the morning the same, until General Pleasonton sent back word that he had captured one gun, when I pushed forward. I overtook General Pleasonton and rode with him for some distance. When about three miles from the Marais des Cygnes we commenced to hear firing at the front, and General Pleasonton sent orders back for McNeil and Sanborn to hurry forward with all practicable dispatch, while we pushed forward at a trot and canter. When we first heard the firing Benteen's brigade was on a parallel road to the one we were on and to our right. He immediately put his command on the gallop and we fell to the rear of his column, as the road soon came together. Benteen's brigade broke into regimental columns as they approached the battle-field, and as they came up on the left of Philips' brigade went forward into line and right on into the charge. The enemy were cannonading Philips' brigade when we came in sight, but the musketry firing had mostly ceased. General Pleasonton requested me to take his escort company and support a section of a battery which just then came up. General Pleasonton went forward, and I directed the lieutenant to post his guns on a small elevation and shell the enemy's right where they artillery was posted. But two shots were fired when I heard the yells raised by Benteen's brigade and saw the enemy's line breaking. I immediately ordered the guns forward to a better position, and had just go them in position when General Sanborn rode up and directed the lieutenant to fire at some troops on the south side of Mine Creek, and on our extreme left. I felt doubtful as to whether they were rebels or our own troops, but a second thought made me conclude they were rebels. Four shots were fired at them when I saw by their falling back to our lines that they must be our own men. I rode forward to the guns to stop their firing, when Generals Sanborn and Pleasonton both rode up and ordered them to cease. At this time the enemy's cannonading on our right had not yet ceased. The enemy by this time being in full retreat, with the exception of their extreme left, which could scarcely be reached with artillery from where we were without danger to our own command, and directly in front of us, our troops were immediately on the heels of the retreating rebels. I told the lieutenant in charge of the guns to follow as fast as he could, while I, with the escort company, pushed forward to rejoin General Pleasonton. A short distance before reaching the creek I found Major Weed, who told me of the capture of General Marmaduke. I pushed forward and told General Pleasonton, and just as I did so General Cabell was brought up as prisoner. At this time we could see a second rebel line forming on the top of the hill ahead of us, and our troops being scattered in pursuit General Pleasonton sent orders for them to halt and reform. I assisted in reforming the line and sending prisoners to the rear until General Pleasonton again ordered an advance, when I advanced with him. I waited on the hill

