
until General Curtis came up and rode with him to the banks of the next stream, when I rode up to the summit of the hill to the right of the road to obtain, if possible, a view of the charge being made by McNeil's brigade, which had taken the advance through the timber on Little Osage. Here, waiting for the general to come up, I fell asleep and missed the rest of the fighting of the day, as I did not overtake the general and staff until about 3 p. m. About 4 p. m. I was ordered to hurry forward and find what a movement of troops to the right meant. I overtook General Pleasonton on the prairie at the point where the movement to the right had commenced, and he informed me that he had ordered McNeil to follow the enemy, and supposed General Blunt's division would also follow, and that he, with the balance of his command, were going to Fort Scott, which he said he understood to be but two miles and a half distant, for food and forage. I saw Lieutenant Ehle, of the Third Wisconsin, who had come from Fort Scott, and said it was only about two miles and a half. About this time General Curtis came up and expostulated with General Pleasonton on this course, the enemy being deployed in full view. General Pleasonton, however, insisted that his command were used up by their battles and large marches and went to Fort Scott. I was ordered to hasten to Fort Scott and get provisions and forage started out for Generals Blunt's and McNeil's commands as soon as possible. I started immediately and found Fort Scott to be about seven miles distant, instead of two and a half. I reached Fort Scott about an hour after dark, and found that Major McKenny was there with the same object which I had in view. Nearly all the public property had been removed, but by pressing teams we succeeded in getting about twelve wagon-loads of subsistence and forage started about 12 o'clock at night. They, however, met General Blunt and his command coming into the town, and were by him ordered to return, which they did. In consequence of the return of this train General McNeil's command was left without subsistence that night, and they did not get any until the morning of the 27th, when I found this same train with the command and almost untouched.

I do not conceive it to be necessary that I should recount the daily incidents of the march to the Arkansas River and return to Fort Scott. Though it is replete with interesting items of hardship and endurance, there are no battles to record, save that at Newtonia, in which it was not my fortune to participate. At the Arkansas River I was one of those who crossed in pursuit of the enemy. This campaign will ever be remembered by me, not only for its many eventful and important incidents, but also for those minor incidents which show the noble material of which men are made, the existence of which is seldom fully shown in the ordinary routine of life.

For the uniform kindness and courtesy extended to me by the general commanding, the associate staff officers, and the division, brigade, and regimental commanders, I desire to return my sincere thanks.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CURTIS,

Major Second Colorado Cavalry, Aide-de-Camp.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

