
Numbers 67. Report of Major Thomas I. McKenny, U. S. Army, Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, December 1, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding I have the honor to report the part taken by myself in the battles and pursuit of Major General Sterling Price, commanding the rebel force.

I left Fort Leavenworth with Major-General Curtis as an additional aide-de-camp on the 11th day of October, 1864, it being generally understood from numerous reliable sources that the rebel general designed devastating Kansas. Camped on the evening of the 11th, having made ten miles. October 12, proceeded to Olathe, twenty-five miles. At this point the State militia had been ordered to rendezvous. October 13, General Curtis becoming convinced that this was not a proper place for the accumulation of a large force, on account of scarcity of water, fuel, and forage, sent me with orders to General Deitzler, commanding the militia, directing him to countermand his order making Olathe his headquarters, and direct all the militia immediately south of the Kansas or Kaw River to go to Shawneetown; and those still north of that river to Kansas City, and those already arrived at Olathe to Hickman Mills, Mo., starting at the same time Blunt, Jennison, and Moonlight, with their forces, had been ordered there. Proceeded this day to Wyandotte through Kansas City, a route we were obliged to travel on account of the bridge being down across the Kaw, twenty-eight miles. October 14, lay this day in camp. By order of the general commanding, made an inspection of the Twelfth Kansas Militia, Colonel Treat, camped in the Kaw Bottom. Signed receipts for immediate wants of rations, horseshoes, &amp;c. Found them well armed and supplied with ammunition, and with a few exceptions eager for the expected fight. Gave Lieutenant Fitch, acting assistant quartermaster, the order of the general commanding, directing him to procure 500 tents or more for the militia, all of which were to be pitched to make a demonstration of a great force. October 15, accompanied General Curtis in a reconnaissance to Independence, and from that place to Hickman Mills, and from there to camp near wyandotte, where we arrived 2 p. m., having traveled fifty miles. October 16, was sent to select camp-ground in Missouri. Selected one near Kansas City, which the general commanding named Camp Charlot, in honor of his adjutant-general, headquarters being removed to that point same day. October 18, was sent with orders to intercept Colonel Blair, commanding militia, then en route to Independence, with orders directing him to camp on the Big Blue or immediate vicinity. Removed headquarters to Independence, distance twelve miles. October 19, lay in camp at Independence. October 20, learned of the battle near Lexington, and received information from General Blunt that he had fallen back on the Little Blue, and wished for re-enforcements. General Curtis dispatched me with orders to General Blunt to fall back to the Bib Blue, but at the same time to leave a strong guard at the Little Blue bridge, with directions to burn the same when the proper time had arrived, this in view of the fact that he had strongly fortified at the Big Blue, and did not wish his best forces to be fatigued and worn down, but wished them to reserve their strength until attacked at the Big Blue. Accordingly General Blunt left Colonel Moonlight with the requisite force and fell back on Independence. October 21, was dispatched early this morning to Colonel Blair with directions for him

