
to send all his light artillery, including Dodge's battery, then momentarily expected, to the front, as he had determined to feel the enemy on the Little Bayou; I was also directed to say that the first Kansas battery to arrive would report to him. Returning I found the battle of the Little Blue in progress, and our forces slowly falling back to the Big Blue, but contesting every inch of the ground. That night at 10 o'clock was assigned the duty of placing the pickets, and planted ours within two miles and a half of Independence, and within sight of the enemy, as soon on the following morning. Fears being entertained that the enemy might flank our position, the general commanding directed his chief engineer, with a heavy pioneer force extemporized for the occasion, to fortify Kansas City, which duty was most faithfully performed. October 22. On this day was fought the battle of the Big Blue. The general commanding being fearful that a sufficient force had not been stationed at Byram's Ford, directed me to order Major-General Deitzler to send the greater part of his force to Colonel Jennison, holding the ford. General Deitzler stated that he could not see the necessity, as there was already the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Kansas, besides 150 infantry, also some odd troops, with four guns, at that point, but that he would send more. I designated and independent company from Independence, numbering about 100, which I had that day armed on my own responsibility with arms taken from wagons going to Kansas City, as a proper force to be sent. It was understood these should constitute part of the force sent. I afterward learned from Colonel Jennison that no re-enforcements came and the important ford was abandoned, not, however, without being stubbornly contested. The general commanding being desirous of information from the front, particularly Hickman Mills, dispatched me to ascertain what could be learned. Taking the wrong road I came near Byram's Ford, and there found Colonel Jennison slowly back and observed the enemy in his front and a large body of men on his right flank, supposed to be the enemy. Retraced my steps and got on the Hickman Mills road. Traveled several miles when I met this body of men, which proved to be Colonel Johnson's militia in rapid retreat. I stopped them and caused them to go to the rear slowly. At the same time I sent Colonel Jennisen notice. I now proceeded on my road, but had not gone far when I became satisfied that I would soon be cut off, as the enemy were already rapidly advancing, having captured many of the militia near Hickman Mills, besides one gun. I now rode rapidly to the rear. Overtaking the militia I placed them in line of battle in the edge of the timber, with directions to hold their ground and retard the enemy's progress, and retreat only when absolutely necessary. I will here state that General Fishback was present and manifested the greatest willingness to meet the enemy. I afterward learned that this regiment did good service. Night now closing in found us in rather a doubtful position. Our forces being pressed fell back toward Kansas City, where most of them arrived about 10 o'clock. The Second Colorado, with the exception of two companies, with the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Kansas, remained on the field confronting the enemy. I was sent about 9 o'clock at night to assist in placing the troops in the trenches as they arrived. I was much delighted when I found General Blunt already there filing troops right and left and placing batteries in commanding positions, and perfectly cool and collected as if nothing unusual was going on. I placed Colonel Hubble's militia in the northwest part of the city, another militia regiment in the north-northeast part of the city to support Dodge's battery, and two companies of the Second Colorado at

