
the fort. During the night information was received by the general commanding that the troops in front of the enemy were without provisions and ammunition. The commissary at Wyandotte was telegraphed for supplies, there being none in Kansas City, but failed to respond. By direction of the general commanding, I ordered Captain Simpson to repair to Wyandotte and take possession of the subsistence department, also steamer Tom Morgan, at the levee, and furnish with all possible speed the required supplies. I at the same time went in search of the ordnance train, finding it in the bottom near the pontoon bridge, and got the required ammunition. I also unloaded extra teams, and brought them to Kansas City. About this time the Morgan arrived, and by 3 a. m. we had the required subsistence and ammunition loaded and on the way. It is due to General Blunt to say that he was indefatigable in superintending this business, refusing to sleep, but was constantly on the move, making arrangements for the expected battle on the morrow. October 23, at 5 o'clock this morning I was ordered by the general commanding to repair to the trenches and assist in placing the remaining militia and the remaining guns in position, most of the militia being ordered to the front. At 9 a. m. was ordered tot he front to notify General Blunt that the enemy were coming in on his right flank; after performing this duty I volunteered my services to General Blunt, and by his orders dismounted two regiments of militia, sending every sixth man to the rear with the horses. This militia, the names of the regiments I now forget, were formed to support Dodge's and McLain's batteries. Another fractional regiment, commanded by Colonel Montgomery, and a number of colored soldiers, which I placed under command of Colonel Montgomery, I formed on the left of McLain's battery, and in a dense wood far in the advance, and it is with pleasure I state they behaved gallantry under a hot fire. The enemy being pressed on all sides gradually fell back. General Curtis and Blunt were in the front ranks directing the artillery and urging the men forward. It was about this time General Pleasonton opened out on the enemy's right flank, when ensued a rapid flight and pursuit, which continued for many miles. This battle is known as the battle of Westport. The enemy retreated by the road to Hickman Mills and Little Santa Fe; our forces pursued through the latter place. Colonel Jennison being in the advance, I fell in with his command. About 5 o'clock we again came up with the enemy in force. Enemy advanced on us, opening out with artillery and small-arms, to which we responded with small-arms. Colonel Jennison slowly retired to an adjacent hill, and formed a new line. The enemy advanced in large force opening as before, but with artillery alone. At this juncture it was deemed prudent with our small force to retire, which we did, falling back some five miles near Little Santa Fe, where the balance of our forces had encamped for the night, with the exception of Moonlight's command, that took the right-hand road at Little Santa Fe, which goes to Mound City. October 24, went to General Curtis' headquarters, where I met and was introduced to General Pleasonton and Sanborn. Was ordered to go in the advance with General Blunt with special instructions. The command was halted by order of the major-general commanding about night-fall to cook some beef at a small place called West Point. At 8 p. m. an order came from the major-general commanding directing. General Blunt to remain in present position, that General Pleasonton would take the advance. Proceeded until 3 o'clock at night, it being exceedingly dark and raining. When the column halted I was ordered forward to ascertain the cause. Found General McNeil,

