
who said he had his instructions from General Sanborn in the advance, to halt and build fires to dry. At this time an order came from the front to extinguish fires. I reported these facts, when I was again ordered to the front to ascertain from General Sanborn the cause of the halt. Found General Sanborn in bed some two miles in advance, and about three miles from Trading Post. He told me he had ascertained to his satisfaction that the enemy was in full force, perhaps 10,000 strong, immediately on the high hills in his front, and that he thought it unsafe to proceed farther. These facts being communicated we bivouacked for the night. October 25, General Pleasonton in the advance skirmished with the enemy across the Marais des Cygnes. I received permission to go to the front, and was riding by the side of General Pleasonton, when cannonading was heard in the front not far distant. We rode rapidly forward, the battle progressing. I volunteered my services when I was ordered to the rear to bring up a battery, and to hurry up McNeil. The battery I brought up, and as I saw another aide after McNeil I preceded the battery to the front, but did not arrive there until the main part of the battle was over and the enemy in retreat. I joined in the pursuit. It was during the pursuit I was stopped by Colonel Blair, who wished to turn General Marmaduke, a prisoner of war, over to my charge. I declined, being under orders. Toward noon General McNeil coming up took the advance, and I went with him int he charge across the Little Osage. General Pleasonton coming up directed me to order Colonel Catherwood's brigade to charge the enemy, who had again formed in our front. I gave the order; the charge was made, but the enemy fell back as our forces advanced. The rebels continued their retreat across the vast prairie without our forces with their jaded horses being able to bring them to bay until about one hour by sun, when they formed in great force near the Marmiton and about seven miles from Fort Scott. General McNeil's brigade promptly formed to resist them, the rebels outflanking him three-fourths of a mile either way. It was at this time, the rebels advancing, that General Pleasonton sent me forward to order McNeil to advance his right wing. McNeil replied, "I obey the order with pleasure; it is the most joyful news I have heard this day." Colonel Cole now opened out on their right and center with two Rodman guns, which did great execution and broke their column, or forces at the same time pressing their left, when they gave way. At this time our guns were pointed to their left, the extreme of which, as well as our right, was in low ground and could not be seen by the artillerists. Our shot falling immediately in front of our ranks came near creating confusion. At the request of General McNeil I rode rapidly to the rear and communicated the facts, when the firing ceased. Sun was now about one-half hour high. General Pleasonton, not knowing where he was, remarked that he thought he should order the troops to fall back to the last steam crossed (Little Osage), to the rear seven or eight miles, where wood and water could be had, as his troops were much fatigued and needed rest. I urged that he press forward, as I understood it was but a few miles to the Marmiton, and I thought we could drive the enemy. While we were talking a courier came from McNeil asking for re-enforcements, as the enemy was flanking him on both sides, which was plainly to be seen, as he was only distant about one mile and a half. Pleasonton answered by saying, "Tell General McNeil to hold his ground until re-enforced by fresh troops." Lieutenant Ehle, of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, now arrived from Fort Scott, stating that it was but two miles and a half to that place. Pleasonton

