
followed them to Knoxville, where they had commenced breaking up in small bands. His men and his horses giving out he gave up the pursuit and returned. Small bands of these thieves infest every portion of these counties. Thornton can raise a large force, I think, without doubt, 1,000 men, throughout the whole district.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major- General ROSECRANS.

KANSAS CITY, July 25, 1864.

Express just arrived from Liberty. Major Smith has returned to that place. He ran on enemy's rear guard, killed 3 of them; they scattered in every direction. I start in the morning with my pack- mule outfit; hope to give you a better report hereafter.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

KANSAS CITY, July 25, 1864.

Hearing that the guerrillas were concentrating near Plattsburg I left Liberty July 22, 6.30 a. m., with 300 Second Colorado Cavalry, Major Smith commanding, and 190 Ninth missouri State Militia [Cavalry], Lieutenant- Colonel Draper commanding, for that place. Learned on road that they had fight with militia of that place, killing 1 captain and 1 soldier; also learned that they had started west toward Buchanan County. I left the Plattsburg road, struck west toward Gosneyville, keeping flanking and scouting parties out in every direction; passed through Gosneyville, camped at Ross' Mill, fed, rested men and horses. Started at dark, moved out on the prairie, encamped until 2.30. Started again on track, moved northwest to Camden Point; met Major Cox, in command of 500 militia and citizens, poorly armed. They had a skirmish with the band the day before; lost 1 killed, 5 wounded; enemy's loss not known. Enemy here seemed to have scattered in every direction; finally I found trail of the largest party, about 140, who were moving back east; another party moving west in small bands toward Buchanan County. I sent Lieutenant- Colonel Draper to Saint Joseph as per General Fisk's telegraphic orders. Major Cox and his militia started on the trail; we had just come to Plattsburg. I took the Smithville road after the largest party with 300 Second Colorado Cavalry; followed enemy back to within eight miles of Liberty, when they again doubled on me and moved toward Buchanan County. I followed about five miles. Our wagons and ambulances were very much in our way; concluded to bring them in; left Major Smith with 211 men on their trail. We labored under a great disadvantage; the citizens gave the enemy information of any movement I made, stand picket for them, and I can get no information whatever only as I send out small parties to play bushwhacker, and they are very careful. Then another disadvantage in this last trip: I took ration train with me. If I allow the men to live on the country they are continually straggling all over the country; if I carry rations on their horses it wears the horses out this hot weather. If I go back on another scout in that country I shall fix up pack animals, live in the brush with them for a

