
now gave the order to all his troops that had come up to file right for Fort Scott. A conversation occurred between Pleasonton and myself in regard to General Blunt's forces coming up to relieve or assist McNeil. The advance had got about one mile on the road to Fort Scott, when I, too, stated for that place. I had not gone in that direction more than 800 yards when I came across a lake or lagoon with plenty of water. I immediately addressed a note to General Pleasonton, notifying him of the fact, and at the same time stating it would be a proper place for Blunt's command to camp, and provisions could be sent out to him. I arrived in advance of others in Fort Scott after a tedious ride of six or seven miles, instead of two and a half. General Curtis arriving about 8.30 o'clock, I made known the subject of conversation with Pleasonton, when by his direction, assisted by Major Curtis, a number of citizen teams were obtained, and by 11 o'clock had them loaded with 6,500 rations and started for Blunt's command, but which I understood they did not receive till the next day, as that command arrived at Fort Scott during the night. October 26, continued the pursuit, General Blunt being int he advance. General Pleasonton, not being well, declined going farther, and returned to Saint Louis, taking with him prisoners, ordnance, &amp;c., captured from the enemy by troops under General Curtis' command. Struck Price's trail at or near Shanghai, where we camped for the night. Distance traveled, twenty-five miles. October 27, General Blunt again in the advance. Traveled all day and until 3 o'clock at night, when we encamped at Carthage; distance traveled, forty miles. October 28, was dispatched early this morning with flag of truce, the object being to exchange prisoners, as we had learned that our prisoners were enduring great hardships; also to induce, if possible, their surrender; this as an act of humanity, considering their straitened circumstances, many having fallen into our hands literally starved. I had advanced some ten miles when I came in sight of the enemy. This information was sent to the rear by the advanced guard, which brought a courier from General Blunt ordering the flag down, which was obeyed. I now took my detachment, numbering some thirty, and forming with the advance guard pursued the enemy to the woods, when I ordered them to dismount as skirmishers, at the same time sending word to the rear that the enemy was close at hand in force. The enemy now rapidly retreated, and our skirmishers pursued through the woods for three miles, capturing three prisoners. Resting from fatigue, and expecting our forces up momentarily, and they failing, I went to the rear and found it halted about half a mile from the timber. I made known the facts when the army again moved, but not until some two hours had elapsed. Our forces, under Blunt, again came up with the enemy in the evening at Newtonia, and after a brisk fight repulsed them in every quarter. Intelligence was now received from General Rosecrans, ordering all the troops belonging to his command back to their respective districts and commands by the nearest route. This astounding order was given when the enemy, beaten, disheartened, and starving, were on the very point of falling into our hands. Retrograde movements were now made by the different brigades of Rosecrans' command; and General Curtis, left with less than 1,500 effective men, was forced to turn homeward and abandon the pursuit. Marched to Neosho and encamped for the night. During the night information was received from General Halleck ordering General Curtis to assume command of the troops and pursue Price to the Arkansas River. I was wakened in the night and conveyed these orders to the different commanders; also started messengers for Generals Mc-

