
Neil, Sanborn, and Colonel Benteen, commanding brigades, to concentrate at Cassville for the pursuit. October 30, I made an inspection of the troops, ascertaining the command to have on an average fifteen rounds of ammunition. Moved to Newtonia, ten miles. October 31, moved to Keetsville by the way of Gadfly, Colonel Benteen, with brigade 1,000 strong, arriving there about the same time; distance traveled, thirty miles.

November 1, moved to head of Cross Timbers, distance some ten miles, roads being very bad, and raining constantly. November 2, Major Charlot, assistant adjutant-general, being very sick and unable to attend to the duties of his office, I was ordered to assume its duties temporarily. Snowing, and very cold. November 3, camped near the ground on which General Curtis fought the battle of Sugar Creek, 1862. The general commanding received information about midnight from Colonel Harrison, commanding at Fayetteville, that he was surrounded by some 4,000 troops under command of General Fagan. November 4, commenced moving at daylight, Blunt's division in the advance, and arrived in Fayetteville about 2 o'clock, having traveled eighteen miles. The enemy getting wind of our approach, raised the siege after having thrown some seventy shots in the place without doing any material damage. November 5, General Blunt in the advance, with advance guard of Colonel Harrison's troops. Camped for the night near the battle-ground of Prairie Grove; distance traveled, eighteen miles. November 6, General Blunt in the advance, passed through Cane Hill. Found many rebel wounded, and was ordered by the general commanding to parole them. With the assistance of Major Weed paroled forty-four during the day, having the paroles all to write, and was compelled to leave many behind for want of time. Amongst the number paroled was one major, one captain, and one lieutenant. Nearly all had been taught to believe they would be killed if they fell in our hands. A rebel surgeon left in charge of their wounded abandoned his charge and disgracefully fled, leaving them destitute of medical aid. This day Colonel Benteen had two men killed by bushwhackers, and in the skirmish and chase which ensued a portion of the flag captured by the rebels at Baxter Springs, on which was the name of General Blunt, was recaptured by our men. November 7, started at daylight, Colonel Benteen, commanding Second Division, in the advance, our route lying through a desolated country inhabited by the Cherokees, but few persons being at home, and those women and children, principally of loyal Indians or Pin-Indians, a term by which the loyal Indians are known. Stopped about one hour by sun to let our stock graze in the canebrakes and moved again about 9 o'clock. Traveled until near 2 o'clock int he morning, when we bivouacked for the balance of the night. During the night captured a cannon and carriage complete the rebels had abandoned. November 8, command commenced moving at daylight. Major Charlot's health being restored he assumed the duties of his office. Word was soon received that the enemy's pickets were close in front, which proved false. Arrived at the Arkansas about 12 o'clock, and learned from a released prisoner that the enemy had crossed the evening before. Some of our men crossed and fired a national salute in the direction of the enemy, who were doubtless camped on the high ground after leaving the bottom. Our tired and completely worn-down forces retracing their steps across the muddy bottom of the Arkansas, encamped for the night. General Curtis issued his congratulatory order ont eh evening of the 8th ordering the troops to their respective commands by different routes

