
November 9, proceeded homeward by the way of Fort Gibson, taking with him Second Colorado Regiment and his body guard. Camped first night on the Illinois River; distance traveled, twenty-five miles. November 10, arrived at Fort Gibson, where General Curtis was received with honors due a major-general; distance, twenty miles. Crossed most of our teams over Grand River by 10 o'clock at night. Failed in getting forage as we expected to for stock at this point, everything being exceedingly scarce since the capture of the big train at Cabin Creek, the soldiers living on beef, having had no breadstuff for two weeks. November 11, traveled twenty-two miles, and camped. By order of the general commanding dispatched an express to Captain Insley, Fort Scott, to load six ambulances with hard bread and corn, instructing them to travel sixty miles a day and take the risk of capture. November 12, was placed in the advance to regulate the movements of the command. Traveled twenty miles and camped by directions of the major-general commanding; what little corn was left was ordered to be issued to the body guard, they having neither meat nor bread. November 13, camped at Duck Springs; distance traveled, twenty miles. November 14, was placed in command of the rear this day to keep up stragglers, both men and horses; also to keep wagons properly closed up. Reached an crossed the Neosho River; distance traveled, eighteen miles. November 15, this morning it was announced that two ambulances had arrived with hard bread and corn, when a shout went up from the soldiers as if a great victory had been gained. Together with Major Hunt I was assigned the duty of equally distributing the five and one-half sacks of corn and 600 pounds of bread. This done the order was given to march. Traveled ten miles and met more supplies. It was at this point the general commanding, together with his staff, and a small squad of fresh troops, proceeded forward, and reached Fort Scott about 2 o'clock, where we were received with military honors; distance traveled since the morning of the 15th, eighty-five miles. Left Fort Scott came evening and camped thirteen miles out. November 17, traveled to Paola, a distance of fifty miles. November 18, arrived at Leavenworth City, where we were received by the military with due honors.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Inspector-General, Department of Kansas.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

Numbers 68. Report of Major Robert H. Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, Chief of Artillery.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, November 22, 1864.

GENERAL: Pursuant to special field orders, headquarters Army of the Border, Camp Arkansas, November 8, 1864, I have the honor to report dates, distances, and facts as occurred under my observation.

On the 11th of October, in company with yourself and staff, I started from Fort Leavenworth and camped ten miles south. On the 12th we went to Olathe and camped there, distance of twenty-eight miles, at

