
which place, by your direction, I sent all headquarters transportation, including ambulances and pressed citizens' teams, out to bring in some of the First Kansas State Militia, who had made the extraordinary march of about thirty miles, but some of whom were tired and could not reach camp without assistance. On the 13th we went to Wyandotte, via Shawneetown and Kansas City; distance, twenty-nine miles. On the 15th we went to Independence and Hickman Mills, on an inspection tour, and back to Wyandotte, a distance of forty-eight miles. On the 17th we marched from Wyandotte to Kansas City and bivouacked on the suburbs, a distance of four miles. To this point I had a large amount of ammunition sent from Fort Leavenworth, both for artillery and small-arms, which subsequently proved so necessary, as commanding officers usually do not provide themselves with sufficient ammunition; and were it not for this precaution, directed by yourself, the army would have been entirely out of ammunition the first two days. 19th, went to Independence; distance, twelve miles. 21st, went to Little Blue, distance nine miles, where we met the enemy in force fighting and driving Colonel Moonlight. By your direction I placed McLain's battery in position and opened fire on the enemy, with what result I cannot state. I also placed two mountain howitzers connected with your body guard in position in the open field, but finding it too much exposed to the enemy's sharpshooters I directed an advance of your body guard howitzers and two other howitzers of the Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. They took position in shelter of friendly house, supported on the right by Colonel Ford; had no support on the left. As I met the Eleventh retreating I saw Major Ross and begged of him to have Colonel Moonlight retrace his steps and support me, which he did. Artillery opened on the enemy with canister and spherical case at short range and drove them back like sheep. Here is where the brave Major Smith sacrificed his life in behalf of his country. Colonel Ford asked when I would retreat. I replied when he would. He remarked, that although we drove the enemy from our front they were flanking us. At this juncture I received an order from the commanding general [to fall back], which was just int he nick of time. We retreated firing, keeping the foe at a respectful distance. Lieutenant Gill, of your body guard, lost 15 horses out of 40 killed, and after I put my saddle on another he was wounded. And let me here say that Lieutenant Gill, Captain Johnson, and their men behaved like heroes, and Colonels Ford's and Moonlight's commands resisted successfully every charge made by the rebels; too much credit cannot be awarded them. Major Ross, of the Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was with me almost through the entire day, rendering invaluable services by his presence and encouragement. He lost 1 horse in killed and 1 wounded. The artillery and cavalry which were under my observation maintained several positions for a time until, outnumbered by the enemy six to one, were compelled to retreat, but fighting every inch. The last artillery firing that was done was by Lieutenant Gill, and supported by the cavalry portion of the body guard, commanded by the lamented Captain Gove, which was about midway between the Blue and Independence. Here the artillery did good work. Rebels having congregated in shelter of a house, distant about 600 yards, Lieutenant Gill and Sergeant Miller dropped several shells in their midst, sending two into the house and exploding after they passed through the roof. This I learn from prisoners. Many were killed

