
and wounded. One of Lieutenant Gill's horses was killed, several wounded; had to leave one set of harness the enemy pressed so close. Colonel Walker, of the Sixteenth, maintained a position to our rear and left, keeping the enemy from flanking us. He commenced the retreat, but sufficiently maintained his position until the artillery passed him. I observed that the Sixteenth, under Colonel Walker and Major Ketner, did good work. Many things of importance occurred before and after this, but as they came under the commanding general's own notice I will not mention them. I remained with the rear of the column until they arrived at the Big Blue. In the retreat there was no confusion, the enemy was too badly punished to press us too closely. It was after dark when I reported at headquarters, which was established at the Big Blue fifteen miles. 22nd, the enemy forced a passage across Byram's Ford. I accompanied the commanding general to Westport where everything was confusion. The enemy having driven Colonel Jennison's command, commanding general sent me out with body guard to re-enforce; reached a distance of about two miles from town, met militia falling back in confusion, halted them and made them go back. Sent a messenger to Colonel Jennison asking him where I could render him the most service. He informed me that the enemy was flanking him on the right and left and for me to fall back on the Westport road to keep the enemy out of town. I did so. Met Colonel Moonlight passing west to check the enemy from going into Kansas. Soon the Fifteenth, under Colonel Hoyt, also came. We all marched in double-quick until we reached the Kansas prairie west of Westport about four or five miles. Here we deployed in line; met the enemy square in the face. I turned over the command of the body guard to Captain Gove and offered my services to Colonel Moonlight. Enemy opened two pieces of rifled artillery upon us at a distance of about a mile, supported by Fagan's or Shelby's brigade [division]. They drove us steadily from about 3 o'clock until nearly dark, when our skirmish line was re-enforced. I assumed command of it and drove the enemy back some two miles, capturing several prisoners, among them a lieutenant, whom I delivered to the commanding general in Kansas City that night. Colonel Moonlight, Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb, Captain Huntoon, Colonel Jennison, Colonel Hoyt, and other officers and the men deserve special credit for their soldier-like conduct. The militia here, as elsewhere, could not be brought into action. Sergeant Slonaker, as well as my orderly, William Brown, of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, deserve mention in assisting me. Slonaker deserves a commission. Our forces camped that night at Westport. I reported at headquarters, Kansas City. October 23, McLain's battery made some excellent shots, one of which struck one of the enemy's guns near the left trunnion, breaking it in two. Another gun was struck and broken across the chassis by a rifled piece manned by the colored battery, but which was sighted by Captain Dodge, commanding Ninth Wisconsin Volunteer Battery. Both captains used their artillery with skill. The rebels left the wrecks of these guns on the field and retreated, we pursuing them in connection with General Pleasonton's forces. Camped for the night at Little Santa Fe, fifteen miles from Westport.
October 24, General Pleasonton suggested taking his troops on the Harrisonville or Pleasant Hill road, as he thought the heaviest column of the enemy to be there. The commanding general insisted on the troops keeping on the shortest line. Marched all day and night; distance, perhaps fifty miles. Before daylight on the morning of the 25th

