
I directed Captain Kingsbury, who commanded three squadrons of the Colorado troops, on take the hill on the left of the road, which he did in connection with Colonel Gravely, who commanded the picket-line, driving the enemy across the Marais des Cygnes, where they had felled trees to obstruct our progress. Quite a spirited musketry engagement occurred during the passage of the creek. Our forces crossed and resumed the pursuit of a run. The enemy opened with a number of guns, one of which we here captured. They formed in line of battle north of Mine Creek, about 15,000 strong, with eight rifled guns. Our forces advanced in three columns, the right and center first gaining position and forming left front into line of battle - distance about 1,000 yards. The enemy opened a terrific fire of artillery and small-arms, without, however, doing much damage. Our men bore it bravely. At one time the right center was thrown into confusion, but by direction of one of your staff officers was reformed, when Colonel Benteen, commanding third column, arrived on the ground. He was requested to charge, which he did in a telling manner. Our line advanced steadily, determinedly, firing as they went, until it became a hand-to-hand conflict, when the rebel line gave way, retreating in confusion, leaving 8 pieces of artillery in our hands as trophies of the victory, a large amount of ammunition, a number of horses, and from 800 to 1,000 prisoners, two generals, killing General Graham and wounding Colonel Slemons, who died at Newtonia.

Those officers who rendered invaluable services were Colonel Crawford, acting aide-de-camp; Colonel Blair, acting aide-de-camp; Colonel Cloud, acting aide-de-camp; Major Weed, aide-de-camp, all of your staff, and Captain R. J. Hinton, aide-de-camp, General Blunt's staff, and Colonel Benteen, whose presence was necessary to infuse life and spirit into the ranks, and to encourage the foremost in the stern conflict. These officers deserve especial notice. Sergeant Slonaker, of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, who accompanied me, rode along the line encouraging the men. He, too, deserves credit. I do not think our whole force amounted to more than 3,000 or 4,000 men. Neither General Pleasonton nor any of his staff were present during this engagement.

We pursued the rebels across the creek, where we drew up in line of battle again, when an orderly came forward inquiring for the commanding officer. I asked him what he wanted. He replied that General Pleasonton did not want the line to advance ere he came up. I sent my compliments to the general, and said it should be as he desired. The rebels were then trying to form on the hill, distant halt a mile or more. Nothing of importance occurred under my observation at the next fight. I was so fatigued that I laid down the slept. During the fight at Charlot in the evening I saw a column of cavalry file off to the right, as I thought with a view of flanking the enemy. I heard the commanding general ask General Pleasonton what it meant; he replied that they were going to Fort Scott by his direction. The general commanding remonstrated, remarking that the enemy ought to be pursued, especially as they had a bad creek to cross, and would be obliged to leave their transportation. Column at this time was a mile and a half in advance. Commanding general asked how far it was to Fort Scott. A lieutenant from town replied that it was two miles and a half. Went to Fort Scott, which proved to be six or seven miles, over a very bad road. Distance traveled this day about forty miles. October 26, left Fort Scott ant traveled about twenty-seven miles. October 27, made thirty miles; halted for a cup of coffee and then rode on till 4 a.

35 R R - VOL XLI, PT I

