
few weeks. Had we known that part of the country as well as we now do we could, I think, have closed them out. I have reliable information that abut eighty crossed the river Saturday night into this sub- district, and I think they intend to cross their whole command in small parties as fast as they can. Thornton is getting no more recruits and some few deserting. i do not believe he has over 800 men, scattered all through the country. Three battalions, each 300 to 400 strong, with pack- mules would easily make a clean sweep of those counties by living in the brush with them about tow weeks, keeping out of all towns, and fight them in their own way. My regiment is badly needed here at present. Can I come back when through with this scout!

J. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Douglas Dale, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

ON BOARD STEAMER POST BOY,

Lexington, Mo., July 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I arrived at this place at 6 p. m. this day. Cleared the river of flat- boats and skiffs to this place, as far as I could find, and in compliance with orders. I have no doubt but that there are skiffs hauled out in the brush at points along the river, which would almost be impossible to be found. I heard of no guerrillas on the river except three at Rocheport and two at Boonville the day before we arrived at those places. I heard of no bands within striking distance from the river, hence I have not sent the cavalry out. There seems to be quite a number of them on the north side of the river in Boone, Howard, and Carroll Counties, but have committed no depredations on the rive towns within a few days past; except the instance of killing a man at Boonville. A band crossed at a point below this (of which place I cannot definitely learn) variously estimated at from twenty to thirty, and are said to have killed from eight to twelve Union men in Carroll County, several of the killed being discharged soldiers. It is supposed to be the same band that robbed Huntsville. They are also reported as having recruited to the number of seventy- five or eighty, ad are trying to get south of the river. They are said to be in the Grand River country. I could hear of guerrillas in Saline County, variously estimated at from fifteen to forty in numbers, said to be in Saline Bottom or Bend, but could hear nothing definite as to their numbers or whereabouts. I will leave here to- morrow morning at 2 o'clock. Will disembark the cavalry at this place,and make a dash on Wellington at daylight, and, if no enemy in striking distance, will there take the cavalry aboard and move on up the river. By advising with Colonel McFerran he thought the trip above here would be attended with better results by making it in daylight. Both officers and men are conducting themselves with propriety.

General, I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

D. DALE,

Major Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

