
general engagement. This General Pleasonton neglected to obey, and finally a fifth order was sent to General Pleasonton to the effect that if General Pleasonton did not attack Price at once he (General Smith) would be obliged to send General Pleasonton to the rear. If, colonel, this is the case (and the orders of General Smith can be readily obtained) there has been a criminal neglect upon the part of General Rosecrans and General Pleasonton to attack and defeat Price.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant and Chief Engineer, Department of Kansas.

Lieutenant-Colonel STARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kans., Leavenworth, Kans.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP ON BIG BLUE, October 21, 1864.

Colonel COATES,

Commanding, Kansas City:

COLONEL: I send my chief engineer, Captain Robinson, to improve the lines about Kansas City, which we may regard as our next line. It seems to me we can stop Price here. We have fought him since 10 o'clock inch by inch with only a small part of my forces and in many instances beat him back with heavy damage. I cannot ascertain my losses as I am busy preparing for harder work to-morrow. Give Captain Robinson all possible assistance.

Truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, December 3, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, Washington, D. C.

For the past year I have almost constantly at the request of General Rosecrans sent troops into his department to aid his forces near my border and under his commanders the utmost harmony existed. i regret to see matter seem otherwise when my department was threatened and his troops came within my immediate command, and the within report shows such eccentric conduct and disrespectful feelings toward a comrade in the field as to preclude our future kind co-operation. All that is said about ignorance of Price's presence in Missouri and my lack of efficiency is immaterial to the main point - a lack of sympathy and cordial co-operation and respect for a comrade then in his advance and in the immediate presence of the enemy. Extraordinary delay manifested in bringing forward forces and subsequent hasty and unfortunate orders which withdrew them from my support, may also deserve your notice.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 11, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

