
Numbers 70.

Reports of Major Samuel B. Davis, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

November 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with his order I joined Major-General Blunt at Paola, Kans., the 11th ultimo, and as medical director of his command accompanied him to Lexington, Mo., where on the 19th he first ascertained that the enemy was in Missouri in force. Notwithstanding there was considerable firing on both sides and the rear of General Blunt's retiring command was warmly pressed, I saw and heard of but few casualties. At Independence the following day I was announced, by order of General Curtis, as medical director of the Army of the Border, in the field. During the battle on the Little Blue, the 21st, a hospital was established by my direction in Independence, where the wounded were cared for as fast as they were brought from the field. The slightly wounded and such as were able to ride their horses were permitted to go back to Kansas City. In the afternoon, when our army fell back to the Big Blue, it was deemed impracticable to move the wounded and they were left, thirty-one in number, under the care of Surg. J. P. Erickson, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. I sent an ambulance, and got from the commissary stores, which had been ordered to be destroyed, sufficient subsistence for those in hospital for several days. I also left a good supply of medical and hospital stores. Late that night I took Surgeon Harvey, U. S. Volunteers, and went up to Kansas City to prepare accommodations for wounded, as a battle was anticipated the next day. The fighting on the 22nd was confined to our right, and as our troops were compelled to fall back at that place none but the slightly wounded and such as were able to get away themselves were cared for on that day. Some of the wounded were subsequently taken back to Independence with some of Pleasonton's command who were wounded near the same place.

The next morning I started from Kansas City with all the ambulances to gather the wounded from this field, as I hard that the enemy was retreating, but when I reached Westport I found our troops assembling, and about 7 o'clock the battle of Eastport began. During this engagement the ambulances were sent to every accessible part of the field and the wounded brought into Westport, where a temporary hospital was established. I was in the front when the final charge was made, and Price's retreat became a rout. I returned, by consent of General Blunt, to superintend the gathering and preparations for the care of those left wounded on the field. Every part of the battle-ground was carefully searched, and all, as I believe Union and rebel, were carried into Westport. It was night when I reached that place, and as better accommodations could be had in Kansas City, I directed all who could be safely transported to be taken to that city. The rebels and fourteen Union soldiers, who were too seriously wounded to be moved with safety, were left at Westport in the care of Assistant Surgeon Graham, Thirteenth Kansas. The following morning (24th) I applied to the quartermaster at Kansas City for a boat, who placed the Tom Morgan at my service. She was sent to Independence Landing, and two ambulances, in care of Hospital Steward Keimead, were sent direct to Independence, with instructions to Surgeon Erickson to place all the wounded in his hospital, Union and rebel, on board, to be transported

