
to Fort Leavenworth. Surgeon Harvey was left in charge of all the hospitals established up to this time, with instructions to telegraph Surgeon Buckmaster, department medical director, as soon as the Tom Morgan should return to Kansas City, the number of wounded on board, and the time she would probably reach Fort Leavenworth. As soon as these arrangements were made I started for the front with the remaining medical officers and ambulances.

Surgeon Ainsworth and Assistant Surgeon Adams, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and Assistant Surgeons Vance and Akin, Second Colorado Volunteer Cavalry, had gone forward with the command. Surgeon Ainsworth had an abundant supply of medicines, dressings, &amp;c., for the temporary wants of the command, but for some unaccountable cause his ambulance containing his instruments and supplies was sent back to Olathe where it remained. I arrived at Trading Post the evening of the battle of Mine Creek (25th) and learned that the wounded in that engagement had been uncared for and were lying on the ground where they had fallen. I stopped but a few hours to rest and feed the teams and then pushed on, arriving on the field two hours before daylight. Leaving the ambulances with Surgeon Pollok, who was directed to load them as soon as it was light, I went on to Mound City to prepare a place for the wounded. There was but one building in the town at all suitable, and this was filled with commissary and quartermaster stores. These I had taken out and with the aid of the citizens, who liberally contributed beds, bedding, &c., every Union soldier brought in was well and comfortably cared for. The rebel wounded were placed in other buildings and every attention dictated by humanity given them. Surgeon Twiss, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was placed in charge, and after I was satisfied that every necessary attention would be paid the patients, I started again for the front, accompanied by Surgeon Erickson, who had joined me the evening previous. I had the day before sent Surgeon Pollok with several ambulances, with directions to join the command as soon as possible. When I arrived at Fort Scott I found Surgeon Pollok there waiting for an escort. Colonel Blair was sending forward a train with supplied and could furnish to troops except for the train, and we were compelled to remain with it, until it reached Newtonia. Here I found Assistant Surgeon Akin, Second Colorado Volunteer Cavalry, in charge of the hospital. There was also a rebel hospital in the vicinity, in charge of rebel medical officers. Supplies were issued for both hospitals, and I pushed forward the next day, overtaking the command at Pea Ridge.

While at Mound City I received a telegram from Colonel Blair, commanding at Fort Scott, directing me, by order of General Curtis, to proceed immediately to the front. When I reached Fort Scott I learned that the army was still advancing and that there was a deficiency of medical officers and medical supplies with the command. I immediately telegraphed to Surgeon Harvey, U. S. Volunteers, at Kansas City, that his services were required at the front, and directing him to proceed to Fort Scott and report to Colonel Blair for instructions. Surgeon Harvey did not go to Fort Scott for the reason, as he reports, that Surgeon Buckmaster, medical director of the department, ordered him to remain in his district notwithstanding he was notified of my order. Surgeon Harvey reports that he visited the hospital at Mound city after being sent to Paola, and remained a short time, but was not again in the field. From Pea Ridge to the Arkansas River the medical offi-

