
cers kept with their respective commands, and notwithstanding the long and dreadful marches of the campaign scarcely a single case of sickness was reported. When the pursuit of the enemy was abandoned and the army divided, at General Curtis' suggestion I joined Colonel Jennison's brigade, with the view of returning by way of Newtonia with the ambulance train to take the wounded from that place to Fort Scott. When within twenty-eighth miles of Newtonia being in camp three quarters of a mile in advance of Colonel Jennison's headquarters, I requested of Major Ketner, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, an escort, which he gave me, and I went forward to make the necessary arrangements to move the wounded without delaying the march of the command. In the afternoon, when Colonel Jennison arrived, he issued an order for my arrest, a copy of which is herewith transmitted (vide paper marked B). In a conversation he had with me the colonel told me that the arrest was not made so much for the reasons stated in the order as for "certain connecting circumstances." The "circumstances" referred to I have no knowledge of, unless he referred to a protest which I signed with twenty-two other officers. I inclose a copy, not with the view of volunteering information that may be detrimental to Colonel Jennison, but in the belief that therein lies the cause of the above mentioned arrest and that colonel Jennison's action in my case calls for an explanation by him or an exposition by me. The following morning I wrote him a note giving my reasons for leaving the command and going forward, and calling his attention to paragraph 224, Revised Army Regulations. In a short time I received an order releasing me from arrest. The day following (20th instant) Colonel Jennison, while at Sarcoxie, gave me, at my request, an escort of fifty men, and I came through with the wounded, fifteen in number, to Fort Scott with all possible dispatch.

The soldiers wounded in the various battles of the recent campaign were as well cared for as it was possible for them to be under the circumstances. When it is remembered that probably half the medical officers with the command had little or no experience in the field; that the means and appliances for taking care of wounded men were confined to such as could be transported in light ambulances; that the campaign was one of forced and rapid marches and of short and decisive battles; that hundreds of miles intervened between scenes of battles fought at intervals so short that they seemed but one engagement, and that notwithstanding such unparalleled and unlooked for obstacles it is not known that any life was lost for want of timely assistance, but on the other hand the wounded, friend and foe, all found hospitals and surgical aid, justice would seem to claim an acknowledgment that the medical officers of the Army of the Border had done their duty. Among those of my assistants deserving of special notice are Surg. Philip Harvey, U. S. Volunteers; Surgeon Pollok, Second Colorado Volunteer Cavalry; Surg. E. Twiss, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Surg. J. P. Erickson, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and Assistant Surgeon Atkin, Second Colorado Volunteer Cavalry. These officers were very active and untiring in the discharge of their several duties. Mention is due to Mr. J. R. Brown, agent U. S. Sanitary Commission, who went to Kansas City and Westport with supplies that were much needed. He accompanied me to Mound City, where he rendered efficient aid in preparing and furnishing the hospital at that place, and subsequently returned to Leavenworth for fresh supplies, which he judiciously applied to the comfort and relief of those in the various hospitals.

