
movement could not for an instant be thought of and would not under any circumstances be tolerated, and that if his division did not at once follow upon the trail of the enemy he should assume immediately command of the troops that the success already achieved might not be frittered away in following on a road over which no enemy had retreated. The pursuit was continued vigorously until 8 p. m., at which hour we reached West Point, when the division of General Pleasonton was placed in the advance for a night march, and at midnight reached the vicinity of Trading Post, a small settlement at the crossing of the Marais des Cygnes, and halted. I immediately proceeded to the front, in company with Major McKenny, to ascertain the cause of the halt, and learned from Brigadier-General Sanborn that his advance had struck the enemy's column on a high mound half a mile north of the town, and that owing to the darkness of the night and want of knowledge of the country he could not and would not assume the responsibility of moving any farther until daylight. On making these facts known to the commanding general, he ordered the artillery of General Sanborn's brigade forward to open at once upon the enemy's line. At 4 a. m. on the 25th, no firing having been heard, I was directed to go to the front and ascertain why the artillery had not opened as directed some hours previous. On arriving there I found the battery just going into position about half a mile from the position occupied by the enemy during the night, and four guns were very soon opened upon the crest of this mound. After a few shots had been fired Major R. H. Hunt rode up from our skirmish line and begged them to cease firing from that point, as their shells were falling in the midst of our own men, who had already driven the rebel line from their position. I then learned from Major Hunt that three companies of the Second Colorado Cavalry, who had been in advance during the day and night previous, had, in the darkness and rain, pushed forward without support and gained possession of this commanding point. On returning to report to the commanding general I met Brigadier-General Sanborn, who had just left his quarters, and informed him of the facts stated above. I remained with the major-general commanding until Phillips' brigade had crossed the stream at Trading Post, when I was ordered over with a message to General Pleasonton, and after delivering it proceeded to the front in company with Colonel Blair and Major R. H. Hunt. Three miles south of Trading Post, with Mine Creek in their rear, we found the entire fighting force of the enemy (Shelby's division excepted) drawn up in line of battle. As only one brigade of our own troops had come up, I rode a short distance back on a road running parallel with and to the left of the one on which Philip's brigade had marched, and very soon met Lieutenant-Colonel Benteen at the head of his brigade, and informed him of the position of the enemy. He pushed rapidly forward, and on coming in sight of the rebel line at once formed his brigade for a charge. I then started to return to the troops already on the field, to urge upon the commanding officer a charge at the same moment with that of Benteen. Before reaching this command, however, I was accosted by an officer who pointed to the right center regiment of Phillips' brigade, and asked me to take that regiment into action,and to tell the men that their colonel would soon be with them. He then rode off at a rapid pace in a northwesterly direction, probably upon some urgent mission. I at once rode to the head of the regiment indicated, gave the message to all the officers, and to lessen as much as possible the depressing effect of the absence of their commanding officer upon the men, charged with and in advance of them. As they came

