
near enough to the enemy's line to open fire I crossed their front and took position in the line on the right, where, in conjunction with Major R. H. Hunt, I did what I could to encourage and urge it forward. After the enemy's line had been broken and his whole force put to flight, I rode to the left of our line and assisted in gathering together and sending to the rear a large number of prisoners who had been captured with the artillery taken by Benteen's brigade. While engaged in this duty I heard of the capture of General Marmaduke, and some twenty minutes later, meeting General Pleasonton, who was just coming onto the field, I informed him of that fact, also telling him that Marmaduke had already been sent to the rear. I then, at his request, took several squads of our men who had been separated from their command during the charge and proceeded to pick up prisoners, who were scattered over every part of the battle-ground, some under guard and many making their way to the rear without guard and with no guide except their fears. After having performed this duty I reported to the commanding general, who had already crossed Mine Creek, and was directed to proceed to the rear and urge forward the division of Major-General Blunt and the brigade of Brigadier-General McNeil with all possible speed. These troops had been delayed by the breaking down of some transportation wagons at the most difficult point of crossing, and some time elapsed before the road could again be opened. I returned to the front with General McNeil and Major Charlot, and on arriving there reported to and remained with the commanding general until nearly sundown, when we came up with General Pleasonton, who had commenced withdrawing his troops from the field, and announced to the commanding general that Fort Scott was safe and that, so far as he was concerned, the campaign was ended. Upon being told by the commanding general that the campaign was not ended and that the pursuit of Price would be continued until he was captured or driven beyond the arkansas River, and that the troops must not be diverted from this work, he changed his tune, and said that the men and horses of his division were worn down with fatigue and exposure, that the men were and had been for two or three days without rations, the horses without forage, and many of them without shoes, and that he must move them to Fort Scott to rest and recuperate. As a large portion of General Pleasonton's forces was already on the road to this place and darkness was fast coming on the commanding general reluctantly consented to turn in that direction also and arrived in the town at 9 p. m. On the following morning, by direction of the commanding general, I left orders at the office depot quartermaster that 50,000 rations for the men and 50,000 rations of corn for the horses should at once be sent in half-loaded wagons, after the army with orders to follow day and night till it was overtaken. After giving these orders I joined the general, who was at an early hour again in the saddle, pushing every available man after the enemy, who had in the saddle, pushing every available man after the enemy who had been so badly beaten and demoralized on the day previous. From this time I remained at headquarters rendering such aid as required in directing the movements of the army until the morning of November 8, when our forces halted on the banks of the Arkansas, having driven the enemy in utter confusion beyond the stream.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. WEED,

Major and Aide-de-Camp, Chief Commissary of Musters.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

