
(Jeffers) surrendered to me, charging protection for himself and men. Giving such directions as seemed proper for the guarding of prisoners, I moved to another part of the field, assisting in arresting prisoners and securing several pieces of artillery abandoned by the rebels in their retreat through the brush and creek. Seeing General Pleasonton upon the field near to a section of artillery, I moved forward and reported facts as directed, and then observing that he was directing the fire of our artillery upon a detachment of our own troops I so informed him, but was rebuked. Still persisting in my statements, I had them confirmed by an officer from the detachment under fire, whose assurances united with my own and prevailed upon the same to give the order to cease firing, saying at the same time "You should carry your colors upon the battle-field."

The battle being over and our lines reformed for the continuation of the pursuit, I requested and obtained permission to take my command to the extreme front, and reported to General Sanborn, who gave me the extreme right of his line. In this manner was moved several times across the prairie until we reached the timber of the Little Osage, in which the rebels had placed another line of defense. At the order of General Sanborn the Second Kansas Cavalry was moved forward as skirmishers, some mounted and some dismounted, and drove the enemy out of the woods and across the river. Here the enemy had another line formed, and our troops were ordered forward, the Second Kansas remaining in its position on the right, and in this order, pressing forward, we reached from right to left in the form of a crescent, which placed us in the advance of the center. When the rebels retreated from our steadily advancing army, my command had the advance from the advantageous formation of the ground, and leading in this manner pursued the enemy for the distance of three miles in a continuous charge until compelled to halt from the sheer exhaustion of the horses, many of them falling under their riders. Here, permitting the more fresh troops which came up to take the advance, and as the rebels had turned into Missouri, abandoning their movement against Fort Scott, my command and myself rested our horses and engaged in repairing the telegraph, which had been destroyed by the rebels, and at night, which soon came, on moved to Fort Scott. On the morning of the 26th we moved again in the pursuit and continued the same to Lamar, Mo., from which place, in obedience to orders, my command returned to Fort Scott to prepare to escort a train to Fort Smith.

I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Major Hopkins, commanding detachment Second Kansas Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel Second Kansas Cavalry.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

Numbers 73. Report of Major Henry Hopkins, Second Kansas Cavalry.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

November 26, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the detachment of the Second Kansas Cavalry of 150 men, under Cap-

