
Numbers 5. Report of Major Henry Suess, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry,

Chief of Cavalry.

GLASGOW, MO., July 21, 1864.

I have just arrived. Lieutenant Woodruff, First Missouri State Militia [Cavalry], was attacked by abut 200 guerrillas at Arrow Rock last night. He fought them the three-quarters of an hour, losing 3 men missing, and all his horses. He and his men are here. I shall take him to Frankfort. I have placed the garrison of Miami and Cambridge at Frankfort. I have placed the garrison of Miami and Cambridge at Frankfort. I brought 120 men, under Captain Wyckoff, from Lexington, who marched from Miami, at 7 o'clock this morning, in pursuit of the rebels, 150 strong, under Todd, who passed at 5 p. m. yesterday five miles south of Miami on the gallop east. Captain Queen marched with fifty men from a point opposite Chicken Point and six miles below Waverly at 5 o'clock this morning for Marshall. Ferguson, with eighty men, I met at Waverly at 7 p. m. yesterday, and ordered him to Marshall. I leave for Miami soon. Will return early to- morrow morning. Thornton's band, 300 strong, were at Mandeville yesterday at 12 m.,, marching east. Citizens of Carroll County are armed and ready to defend themselves.

HENRY SUESS,

Major and Chief of Cavalry.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Warrensburg.

Copy sent Major O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant- general, with the following additional:

I have ordered Colonel Hall to look out for a raid on the railroad towns east of Sedalia. Major Suess is in command of the Fanny Ogden.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., August 1, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions received from headquarters Department of the Missouri, I have the honor herewith to hand you a preliminary report of the origin and causes of the troubles in the counties of Platte and Clay,in the State of Missouri. When the difficulties shall have been to some extent settled I shall organize a court that will place in the form of evidence what I here state for the information of the major- general commanding the Department of the Missouri.

That it may be fully understood what constitutes Paw Paw Militia, the cause of most of this difficulty, I state that the so- called Paw Paws were disloyal citizens and returned soldiers and officers from the rebel army who had been enrolled as disloyal under General

