
to November 3, 1864. As soon as it could be done with safety they were returned to the post. The vast amount of public property thus suddenly and unexpectedly thrown upon my hands for security, when no assistance could be rendered me, except such as was obtained from a limited number of employees of my department, was safely placed beyond the reach of the enemy, even though he had taken the post, and safely returned again with but trifling loss of stores. After the great and decisive battle of Osage, in which our troops gained such imperishable honors, they encamped at this post and were supplied by me with forage, &amp;c. I was instructed by the general commanding, October 26, to send on half-loads as rapidly as possible to his command, then following up the retreating rebel army, of supplies as follows, viz: 50,000 rations of commissary stores and 50,000 rations of old corn. I made every effort within my power to comply with instructions as above stated. The public transportation not yet returned to the depot, I was compelled to gather transportation form every available source, to enable me to forward supplies as directed. To do this I hired such wagons and teams as I could here, purchased mules to replace those worn out on the march and to fit out teams, and impressed all others in the vicinity. The night of October 26 I loaded and sent in charge of Lieutenant Josling, Fourteenth Kansas, fifty wagons loaded with corn and commissary stores; October 27, in charge of Lieutenant Ehle, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, forty-five wagons loaded with corn and commissary stores; October 28, in charge of Captain Young, fifty-two wagons loaded with corn, commissary, and ordnance stores; October 29, in charge of Jeff. Anthony, wagon-master, thirty-seven wagons loaded with ordnance, corn, and commissary stores; November 1, in charge of J. McKinney, wagon-master, fifty-three wagons loaded with ordnance, corn, and commissary stores; November 3, in charge of J. Richnance, corn, and commissary stores; November 3, in charge of J. Richards, wagon-master, forty-one wagons loaded with corn and commissary stores; November 13, in charge of Lieutenant Josling, Fourteenth Kansas, twenty wagons and two ambulances loaded with hard bread and corn.

After the battle of Osage I saved the following list of captured property, viz: 7 head of cattle, 20 horses, 3 mules, 6 U. S. mules recaptured from the enemy, 18 army wagons.

A very large amount of transportation was entirely destroyed at their encampment on the night of the 26th of October.

Colonel C. W. Blair, commanding the post, rendered all facilities within his power, by furnishing escorts and otherwise, in sending forward the necessary supplies to the command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. INSLEY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

Numbers 75. Reports of Captain Edwin I. Mecker, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT. OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, November 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the signal detachment, Department of Kansas, in the late

36 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

