
My thanks are due Lieutenant Hubbard, Roberts, Quinby, and Neely, and the men of the detachment for the energy displayed, and the willingness under any circumstances to obey all orders given them. With the exception of Lieutenant Roberts, it was their first experience in the field as signal officers, and they did their duty well. The men of the detachment were all new recruits, and this was their first campaign. Lieutenant Fitch, signal officer, being staff quartermaster, was entirely taken up with his quartermaster duties, and he scarcely came under my command at all. It is presumed, however, he gave entire satisfaction to the general and staff.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. I. MEEKER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Department of Kansas.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding.

Numbers 76. Report of Lieutenant Josiah M. Hubbard, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, November 29, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to present the following report of staff duty performed by me under your order dated October 16, 1864, assigning me to duty at headquarters Army of the Border as acting assistant adjutant-general in charge of returns:

Immediately upon the receipt of the aforesaid order I visited or communicated directly with all commanders of divisions, brigades, and detachments within my reach, and by the 20th of October had succeeded in procuring returns from the following commands, viz: A division of Kansas State Militia, under command of Major-General Deitzler, Kansas State Militia; the Third Brigade of the First Division; a brigade of volunteers and militia, commanded by Colonel James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, and a brigade of Enrolled Missouri Militia and Home Guards, at Kansas City, commanded by Colonel Coates. The returns of these commands and the detachment which habitually accompanied headquarters form an imperfect army return, bearing date the 20th of October, 1864. The First and Second Brigades of the First Division left their camp at Hickman Mills, Mo., on the evening of the same day on which I was assigned to this duty and before I was able to reach that place, and although I made every effort possible I was unable to obtain any 27th of October the army was constantly in motion and almost constantly in action, and, with your permission, I devoted my time to duty in the capacity of a signal officer, under the direction of my chief, Captain Meeker. On the 28th of October I resumed the effort to procure returns, and succeeded in getting memoranda of the strength present of the brigades comprising the First Division, which are consolidated upon a return bearing date the 28th of October, 1864. The brigades from the Department of Missouri, commanded by Generals McNeil and Sanborn, were at the time operating with the army, but though returns from both were promised me, none ever received. On the 1st of November the

