
along the brink of the hill, the horses were led a little way to the rear, but before the line was formed the advance of the enemy was coming up the road through a narrow defile at the foot of the hill. Those of the Twenty-first Regiment who could see the enemy commenced firing. Their advance immediately fell back out of sight and formed in a body, but in a few minutes came forward with a yell. The Twenty-first fired a volley into them and they fell back out of sight. While this was going on Major Laing's command came up where the horses were held, but instead of rendering the militia assistance they turned immediately back, leaving the Twenty-first Kansas State Militia to get out the best way they could. Several of the militia to the rear followed, but Colonel Lowe, Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, and myself, drew our weapons and kept the militia (who were giving way) to the front. The enemy appeared very much demoralized and did not seem to want to give us battle after this. Holding our position for twenty or thirty minutes without another attack-the skirmishing was constantly going on-we concluded best to mount and pass around the enemy to the west, and, if possible, join you. It was getting late and darkness came on before we had gone one mile. On our way through Little Santa Fe we inquired and found out that Major Laing and his command had passed through Laing did not with to turn back, but were eager to assist and thought it very strange that he did not help the militia. Believing that the conduct of Major John M. Laing should not go unnoticed is my reason for making this statement to you.

I have the honor to state that Colonel Lowe and Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson behaved gallantly, showing much bravery, although not accustomed to such heavy fire. Every suggestion that I made to them was immediately carried out.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS M. ROBERTS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

Numbers 78. Report of Honorable James H. Lane, Volunteer Aide-de-Camp.

In compliance with your request that I report to you the part I took in the recent campaign against Major General Starling Price, and what facts came under my observation during that campaign, as volunteer aide-de-camp upon your staff, I have the honor to submit the following:

On my arrival at Fort Leavenworth from Washington City, via Saint Louis, I found you absorbed in preparations to resist the invasion of Kansas by the rebel army under General Price, which was then marching through the State of Missouri intact, gathering strength day by day as it approached our border. The military force of the department having been rapidly concentrated in the eastern portion of the State, comprising volunteers and militia, all under the immediate command of Major-General Blunt, I reported to you at Olathe on the 10th of October and entered at once upon duty. From the 10th to the 14th I was employed with orders of your staff, under your personal direction,

