
dauntlessness creditable to veterans. The commanding general, assisted by General Blunt, who seemed everywhere present, the bravest of the brave, was constantly under fire, directing movements, and inspiring by his own example his greatly inferior force, till flanked and threatened with annihilation, he fell back from ridge to ridge, fighting at Independence until dark, when he crossed the Big Blue, establishing headquarters for the night on the north bank, on the road leading to Kansas City, the enemy meanwhile going into camp at Independence.

On the morning of the 22nd the enemy commenced demonstrations at the different fords along the stream, but was stubbornly resisted at all points. His superior numbers, however, enabled him at length to force a crossing at Byram's Ford, but his advance was sharply resisted back to the vicinity of Westport, when, night coming on, our main force was withdrawn to Kansas City and placed in line of battle, leaving a sufficient force in the neighborhood of Westport for observation. During the night we learned from prisoners and other sources that Price with his entire army, estimated at 35,000 men, was upon us, intent upon the capture of Kansas City and Leavenworth, and the devastation of our State, and that Pleasonton, with his cavalry, was close at hand. At daylight all the troops were moved forward to Westport, and put in line of battle, where Colonel Moonlight and a portion of the militia were engaging the enemy. The fight soon opened along the whole line and while unabated, the welcome sound of General Pleasonton's artillery was heard thundering in the rear of the enemy, which was soon followed by a courier from General Pleasonton himself confirming our hopes and reassuring us of present held. Immediately on receipt of this intelligence General Curtis ordered a charge along the whole line, in which all participated, from commanding general to soldier, the volunteers and militia charging with great impetuosity mid cheers an shouts. The enemy, at first resisting with desperate determination, soon began to waver, gave way slowly and doggedly, but at length, broken by the resistlessness of our troops, and terror-stricken from the sound of artillery in their rear, turned their faces southward and fled precipitately. The enemy beaten, disheartened, and flying, the pursuit was taken up, General Blunt's division in front, and was continued for fifteen miles to Little Santa Fe, when night ended the day's operations. During the pursuit, about ten miles from the battle field of the morning, Generals Curtis, Pleasonton, and blunt met for the first time at the farm-house of Mr. Thomas, and the plan for pursuit was freely discussed. General Pleasonton was desirous to make a detour to the left by the way of Harrisonville. General Curtis insisted on massing the command and pushing the pursuit, which was finally agreed upon. The following morning the pursuit was resumed by the combined force of Curtis and Pleasonton, except McNeil's brigade, which came up during the march, General Blunt still in the advance, General Curtis having assumed command of the whole force.

At West Point, the pursuit still continuing, the order of march was changed, owing to the exhaustion of General Blunt's men, and that portion which had fought at Lexington not having tasted food for days, and General Pleasonton's division was placed in the advance, General Blunt having meanwhile detached Colonel Moonlight's brigade to operate on the right and for the protection of Olathe, Paola, Mound City, and Fort Scott, on the Kansas border. In this order the march was continued during the night to the Trading Post, where our column came up with the enemy about 1 o'clock in the morning. He at once took up his flight, leaving behind him wagons, provisions, and plunder

