
of every description, and was hotly pursued by our advance to Mine Run, where he made a stand, and was beaten with the loss of one piece of artillery. At the Osage he made another stand, and was again beaten, losing seven guns and many prisoners, among whom were Marmaduke and Cabell.

At Charlot, near Fort Scott, he was again beaten. At this point General Pleasonton, deeming rest and sleep necessary to his command, withdrew to Fort Scott (against the earnest protest of General Curtis, who sternly insisted upon camping on the trail of the retreating foe), and from there returned to Saint Louis. On the following morning General Curtis resumed the pursuit, and at night camped at Shanghai, and the next day, the 27th, his force reached Rouse's Point about 2 p. m., where, being relieved from further duty, I left the army and returned home.

The foregoing is a brief resume of what I saw and participated in during these eventful days.

I cannot close this report without expressing the thanks of the people of Kansas for the gallant defense made of our State. Devastation, ruin, and rapine threatened our border towns; an insolent and hopeful foe had placed himself, almost without interruption, within a day's march of our chief city; his avowed purpose was to sack and burn wherever he touched our soil. He was met, checked, beaten back, and finally put to rout by the skill and energy of the commanding general, and the indomitable, persistent, and dogged fighting of volunteers and militia. It would be impossible to mention particular instances of meritorious conduct, where all did so well, without seeming injustice to some, and I therefore reluctantly refrain from doing so. The States of the great Northwest, whose troops participated in this brief but important campaign, have added another to the long list of brilliant achievements won by them during the war. To the militia of my own State, who sprang to arms with the alacrity of other days, at the approach of the foe, I will be permitted to tender special thanks. Going out without the hope of fee or reward, some have fallen, others have been maimed for life, while all have testified their devotion to the common cause, and their love for our gallant young State; to one and all of these let us be ever grateful.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. LANE.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 79. Report of Honorable Samuel C. Pomeroy, Volunteer Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to general field orders, dated Camp Arkansas, November 8, 1864, that on the 16th day of October, 1864, I tendered my services as volunteer aide-de-camp on the staff of Major-General Curtis, commanding the Army of the Border, and was accepted and appointed by him. The work of bringing forward the militia of Kansas and of organizing them for a vigorous defense of the State was then going on. I rendered what assistance I could from day to day, and on Tuesday, October 18, went to Hick-

