
man Mills, Mo., to inspect and report upon the number and condition of the troops stationed there. Upon my return on Wednesday, the 19th, and according with the recommendation, General Curtis ordered the release of General Fishback (who had been under arrest by order of General Blunt) and directed him to report to his command. I then proceeded to the regiments from Atchison County, encamped near Wyandotte, and persuaded them, in obedience to orders from the commanding general, to cross the State line and proceed to the front, then in the border of Missouri. Colonel Treat's regiment, Kansas Twelfth, moved to Independence, and on Friday night Colonel Quigg's regiment marched to the Little Blue and were placed under General Deitzler, on the extreme left of our line. Then early Saturday morning, October 22, I aided in bringing forward other regiments, until by 10 o'clock all our militia on the line near to Wyandotte had advanced to the front, and a guard was placed at the bridge over the Kansas River that none could return. During this day (the 22nd) I witnessed the fight a little south of Westport, and from the results of that day suggested the necessity of placing a line of pickets up the Kaw River to give notice at headquarters of any attempt on the part of the enemy to cross the Kaw River and attack the city of Leavenworth; and in obedience to orders I spent part of the night and nearly all of the next day in guarding the fords of the Kansas River, and used for that purpose in addition to the troops on the line of the river one company of Delaware Indians that I found in camp near to Pratt's Mission, numbering 140 men. On the evening of the 23rd (Sabbath) I returned to the State line near Westport and found the enemy completely routed and the commanding general and all our cavalry in close pursuit. I followed on Monday morning until I saw that the rebels were running away from Kansas and our State was safe. I spent the time then in taking care of the wounded and burying the dead, after which I sent in to headquarters my resignation and returned home.

I cannot close without expressing my entire approbation of the manner and spirit in which General Curtis conducted the defense of my State, and even admiration for the gallantry and courage with which he met and pursued the rebels, and the kindness I received and the good conduct manifested by all the regular members of his staff will live in my memory as among the most pleasing recollections of those most trying and eventful days. Kansas and the country must rejoice that there were brave soldiers on that day to fight, and that there was a Major-General Curtis to plan and to lead.

I have the honor to be, with sentiments of the highest esteem, very truly, &amp;c.,

S. C. POMEROY.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 80. Report of Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Army of the Border.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, December 24, 1864.

For the information of the major-general commanding the department I have the honor to submit the following report of the part

