
artillery soon became general. My advance line being hard pressed I ordered Colonel C. W. Blair to advance with the Sixth and Tenth Regiments State Militia, to support the right of my line and guard my right flank, which order was executed with great promptness. Time being required to get the militia arriving from Kansas City dismounted and in position, and the consent in front being severe and unequal, I directed my advance line to fall back to the north side of Brush Creek. The enemy advanced a short distance, but did not attempt to attack my second line, with the exception of a small force that approached through the timber to attack my left flank. This force was promptly repulsed by the Fifth and Nineteenth Regiments of State Militia, under Colonels Colton and Hogan. The militia having all arrived on the field I ordered a general advance of my entire line, which was promptly executed. The engagement now became earnest and spirited, the artillery of my division being served with excellent effect, punishing the enemy severely. At 12 o'clock the center of their line gave way, and what then commenced as a retreat of the rebel forces soon became a complete rout, their broken lines flying in disorder, with my cavalry and artillery in rapid pursuit. After the rout and pursuit had continued for nearly two miles, I came in sight of the forces of General Pleasonton on my left, with his lines formed at right angle with mine, and a portion of Price's command, which he had been engaging during the day, was still confronting him. When within about 800 yards of the left of the rebel line, and when they were about to charge General Pleasonton's line, twenty pieces of artillery of my command poured a raking fire into their flank, which threw them into confusion and stampeded them, with the main column of the retreating enemy. The cavalry of my division continued to press closely upon their rear until dark, followed by the cavalry of General Pleasonton's command. The Second Brigade bivouacked on the night of the 23rd at Aburey, while the remainder of the division halted at Little Santa Fe.

I directed Colonel Moonlight to move on the morning of the 24th on the flank of the enemy to protect the border of Kansas from raiding parties that might be detached from Price's main column, and with the remainder of the division, in pursuance of orders, moved on the Line road, on the trail of the retreating rebels. At 6 p. m. reached West Point, when it became evident that the enemy had gone in the direction of Fort Scott, and being near four miles in advance of General Pleasonton's command, I halted, to enable him to close up. The garrison at Fort Scott being weak, and a large amount of public property endangered, I dispatched a courier to Colonel Moonlight to pass around the enemy's flank with his command during the night and proceed to that post for its protection. At 8 o'clock my scouts that I had sent to ascertain the position of the enemy reported to me that he was encamped at the Trading Post at the crossing of the Osage, and soon after I was ordered to let General Pleasonton's command take the advance, and in this order the march was continued until near midnight, when the rear guard of the enemy was overtaken. In the battle of the 25th my command, excepting three squadrons of the Second Colorado Cavalry was prevented from taking part in consequence of the order of march being changed the night previous. One brigade of Pleasonton's division occupying the ford at the Osage I was unable to effect a crossing until late in the day. At dark on the evening of that day I came up with the brigade of General McNeil, of General Pleasonton's division, which was at a halt on the prairie about three miles northeast from Fort Scott. General McNeil, with his brigade, had just repulsed

