
the part of my command was the most heroic that I ever witnessed. Near one-eighth of my force engaged were killed and wounded, while the enemy's loss was at least three times greater than ours. To Colonel Ford, commanding Fourth Brigade of the First Division, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, commanding First Brigade (in the absence of Colonel Jennison), great credit is due for their coolness and courage and the excellent manner in which they handled their troops on the field. Also among those coming under my personal observation as deserving of special mention for their gallantry were Major James Ketner, of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, Captain W. D. McLain, of First Colorado Battery, Captain J. B. Pond, commanding battalion Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and Sergt. George Patterson, of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanding section of howitzers.

Having cared for my command, and in pursuance of orders my command was in readiness to move again at 3 a. m. of the 29th in pursuit of the retreating enemy, when I was notified by the general commanding that in consequence of General Rosecrans withdrawing all the troops belonging to his department the pursuit would here be abandoned. The division moved during the day to Neosho,when orders were received at 1 a. m. of the 30th to resume the pursuit. Two days' march was here lost when close upon the rear of the enemy in consequence of the order of General Rosecrans withdrawing his troops. Nothing worthy of special note occurred during the march to Pea Ridge, Fayetteville, Cane Hill, and thence to the Arkansas River, where, after one of the most extraordinary marches we arrive at 11 a. m. of November 8, and about three hours after the crossing of Prices' army. At this point the Army of the Border being disbanded, the First Division returned to their own department in detachments to enable them the better to procure forage and subsistence.

During this brief but eventful campaign the troops of my command evinced the greatest degree of heroism and endured all the hardships and privations without murmur or complaint. Many acts of personal gallantry occurred which will be appropriately noticed in reports of subordinate commanders, but I cannot omit, among others already noticed, to mention the name of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Walker, of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, as deserving of special commendation for distinguished gallantry. To the Kansas State Militia I desire to express my thanks for the promptness with which they rallied to the call of the general commanding the department and for the valuable assistance which they rendered me during the campaign. The Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Regiments of State Militia, respective commanded by Colonels Colton, Montgomery, and Pennock, were the only part of the State forces over which I assumed command. They were organized into a brigade under the command of Colonel C. W. Blair, of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, and their operations a portion of the time under my personal observation, and it is but justice to say that their conduct was un informal that of the true soldier and patriot, and worthy of emulation by their commander-in-chief and other superior in the militia organization.

To Colonel Blair too much praise cannot be accorded for his distinguished gallantry as commander of the Third Brigade and a los for his participation in the battles of Mine Creek and the Osage, on the 25th of October, as a volunteer aide on the staff of Major-General Curtis, while his command was detained at the crossing of the Osage and unable to get to the front. Other regiments of the State militia reported to me at Westport on the morning of the battle of the 23d,

