
and although not regularly assigned, received orders from me during the day, among which I desire to call special attention as having taken part in the operations of the day and discharging their duty nobly were the Nineteenth Regiment, commanded by Colonel Hogan, and the Twelfth Regiment, commanded by Colonel Treat. The Eleventh Regiment, commanded by Colonel Mitchell, which joined Colonel Moonlight's command at Coldwater Grove on the morning of the 24th, is deserving of credit for efficient service rendered in protecting the border from incursions of the enemy from that point to Fort Scott. To my assistant adjutant-general, Captain George S. Hampton, I am greatly indebted for valuable services, he having upon all occasions acquitted himself as an efficient and gallant officer. Surg S. B. Davis, my medical director, is deserving of great praise for his indefatigable labors and providing for the care and comfort of the wounded, not only of my own command, but also of the command of General Pleasonton, upon the battle-field and elsewhere. To Captain B. F. Simpson, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain R. J. Hinton, Second Kansas (colored), aide-de-camp, and Captain George J. Clark, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, acting ordnance officer of my regular staff, and to Colonel John T. Burris, late of the Tenth Kansas Volunteer Infantry; Major R. G. Ward, of the First Kansas (colored); Major Thomas H. Penney, late of the Thirty-fifth Missouri Volunteers; Captain T. E. Milhoan, late of the Tenth Kansas Volunteers, and Captain A. J. Shannon, provost-marshal, District of South Kansas, as volunteer aides, I am also greatly indebted for their valuable services during the campaign. I also desire to tender my thanks to Major T. I. McKenny and Major C. S. Charlot, of the staff of the commanding general, the former for valuable assistance he rendered me during the night of the 22nd of October, preceding the battle of Westport and the latter for gallant services as aide during the battle of Newtonia on the 28th of October. To Honorable James H. Lane, Colonel W. F. Cloud, and Colonel S. J. Crawford, of the volunteer staff of the general commanding, I am under many obligations for valuable services rendered on different occasions. I also desire to express my thanks to Company E, of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant W. B. Clark, acting as my escort, for their uniform soldierly conduct and their gallantry displayed at the battles of Westport and Newtonia.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL HDQRS. 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER, FIELD ORDERS, Camp on Arkansas River, Thirty miles west of Numbers 6. Fort Smith, November 8, 1864.

I. The pursuit of the rebel army under General Price having been abandoned, and the Army of the Border disbanded by direction of superior authority, the general commanding the First Division desires to express his thanks and admiration to the officers and soldiers of his command for their noble conduct and the gallantry displayed throughout one of the most memorable campaigns of the West.

