
July, 1864, during my temporary absence in Howard County, a body of guerrilla thieves, headed by Coon Thornton in person, made their appearance at Parkville, Platte County, entered the town without the least particle of opposition from Captain Wilson's company (E), Eighty- second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, stationed at that point, killed 1 man, wounded 2 men and 1 woman, and plundered the town of everything they chose. After being joined by some members of the militia they left in the direction of Platte City.

On the 9th day of July it was discovered by Major John M. Clark, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanding at Platte City, that these guerrillas were in force in front of the town, and it was known to him that First Lieutenant William Downing, Company G, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, commanding detachment of said company, went out to where these rebels were and held free conversation and intercourse with them. Upon his return he informed Major Clark that the guerrillas were coming into town, and that he for one did not intend to resist them, but was for them rather than against them.

On the morning of the 10th of July Major Clark abandoned the command of the post to Captain R. D. Johnston, Company A, Eighty- second Regiment, and started off for a visit to his family, fifteen miles distant. Captain Johnston being left in command immediately took counsel with such of his offices as were present, and determined,in view of the known disloyalty of most of the command and the continued assertions of Lieutenant William Downing that he would not fight the guerrillas, but help them, that he could do no better than surrender the garrison. Upon his announcing this fact, Lieutenant Downing immediately went out and came into the town with the guerrillas, who forthwith took possession of the town and all that was in it. They took down the flag of the Union, and tearing it into shreds fastened them to the heads of their horses. Here again was repeated the scene of transformation of Missouri State soldiers into bushwhackers, for in less then a quarter of an hour after the occupation of the town nearly the whole of Captain Johnston's command appeared dressed in Confederate uniforms. According to a careful estimate of the force that so easily transferred their allegiance, prepared by Major Clark before referred to, the number of men was distributed as follows: Captain R. D. Johnston, Company A, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, twenty men; Lieutenant J. H. Nash, Company C, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, twenty men; Lieutenant J. W. Martin, Company D, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, fifty men; Lieutenant William Downing, Company G, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, twenty men; Captain P. Simpson, Company M, Eighty- second Enrolled Missouri Militia, twenty men; making in all a force of 130 men who were actually on duty as U. S. soldiers and who joined the rebels. Besides these, there were numbers of the militia who were not on active duty, but who joined them as they passed through the country. It is the opinion of those whom I consider best qualified to judge of this matter that not less than 250 to 300 of this class of Enrolled Missouri Militia joined the guerrillas. Major Clark, as soon as his way was clear, reported safely at my headquarters. I shall have him brought to trial speedily. The total number of troops that joined Thornton and Thrailkill, his second in command, was four times the force at Thornton's disposal at the outset of his raid. Since the 15th of July about thirty- five of these traitors have been killed. Abut 100 are in the brush sending messages to me to know how they can renew

