
On the 6th of October the brigades of Colonel Jennison and Colonel Moonlight, numbering in all but 2,000 men, marched from Hickman Mills, Mo., to Pleasant Hill, Holden, and Lexington, to make a reconnaissance and develop the position, force, and movements of the enemy.

On the 19th of October, at 11 a. m., we were attacked at Lexington by the enemy, 26,000 strong, and held the position until their entire army was developed, when our little force retired fighting and in good order, until the darkness of night put an end to the contest.

Thus we were enabled to give the first reliable information of Price's force and movements that was known since he had crossed the Arkansas River on his route into Missouri.

On the 21st the brigades of Colonels Jennison, Ford, and Moonlight, numbering only 3,500 men, fought the battle of the Little Blue, contesting stubbornly every foot of ground with an enemy five to one against them, with the most glorious results. In this contest the Second Brigade, under Colonel Moonlight, is entitled to special commendation for the gallant manner in which they fought the enemy's advancing columns until re-enforcement arrived.

On the 22nd the brigades of Colonels Jennison and Moonlight stubbornly contested the advance of the enemy at the crossing of the Big Blue; and at the State line (after the enemy had forced a passage at Byram's Ford) checked his right flank, and punished him severely.

Thus by striking the enemy in front, and by three days' severe fighting, he was firmly held in check until the command of Major-General Pleasonton was enabled to overtake and attack his rear at Independence, and co-operate with us in obtaining the glorious results of the battle of Westport, on the 23d, when the entire division (including Colonel C. W. Blair's brigade of Kansas State Militia) attacked the enemy's front, and after a severe conflict turned his right flank, which resulted in his complete defeat and rout.

In this day's contest credit is due to several regiments of Kansas State Militia for the gallant part they bore, which will be appropriately noticed in official reports.

In the battles of the Osage, on the 25th (excepting Companies G, I, and K, Second Colorado Cavalry Volunteers, commanded by Captains Greene, Kingsbury, and Elmer), you were prevented from participating as you desired, because, by the orders of superior officers, the advance was taken from you, after earning and obtaining it by hard fighting; but we cannot but admire the conspicuous courage displayed on that day by our comrades in arms of General Pleasonton's division, who did their duty so gallantly.

In this day's operations credit is due to the Second Brigade, under Colonel Moonlight (who was directed, after the battle of Westport, to move on the right flank of the enemy), for the protection given to the border of Kansas, and especially Mound City, where they fought and defeated a superior rebel force and saved the town from destruction.

At the battle of Newtonia, on the 28th ultimo (participated in by the brigades of Colonels Jennison and Ford), where you fought and defeated a force ten times your number, a courage and heroism was displayed unparalleled in the history of the war.

To recapitulate: In twenty-three days you have marched over 500 miles, day and night, through rain and snow, and fought five battles with an enemy greatly your superior in numbers. You have suffered fatigue, hunger, and every privation incidental to a soldier's life. The result of your heroic labors (in conjunction with your comrades of the Army of Missouri) is the complete defeat and rout of a

