
formidable rebel army, pursuing them across the Arkansas River, disorganized and reduced to a mob, and the saying of Kansas from premeditated invasion and devastation. For his you are entitled to and will receive the plaudits of a grateful country. While we drop the tear of sympathy over the graves of comrades who fell by your sides, we will ever remember that their death was a noble sacrifice for their country.

II. The First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Jennison, is authorized to inscribe upon their banners, Lexington, Little Blue, Big Blue, Westport, and Newtonia.

The Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Moonlight, Lexington, Little Blue, Big Blue, Westport, and Mound City.

The Third Brigade, Kansas State Militia, commanded by Colonel

Blair, the Nineteenth Regiment Kansas State Militia, commanded by Colonel Hogan, and the Twelfth Regiment Kansas State Militia, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Woodworth, Westport.

The Fourth Brigade, commanded by Colonel Ford, Little Blue, Westport, and Newtonia; Companies G, I, and K, Second Colorado Cavalry Volunteers, will inscribe Osage on their guidons.

JAMES G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

Numbers 81. Report of Colonel Charles R. Jennison, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER,Fort Scott, November 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the First Brigade, First Division, Army of the Border, during the campaign recently closed:

The brigade was organized at Hickman Mills, Mo., on the 15th of October, 1864, in pursuance of General Field Orders, Numbers 2, dated headquarters First Division, Army of the Border, in the field, Hickman Mills, Mo., October 15, 1864,and consisted of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Hoyt, a detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, commanded by Captain Carpenter, and five mountain howitzers, manned by details from the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Third Wisconsin and Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, the battery being in charge of First Lieutenant John Murphy, Company B, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, who was, however, afterward relieved, and the howitzers placed in charge of Second Lieutenant H. L. Barker, Company G, Fifteenth, as an officer more experienced in artillery drill and practice; a selection fully justified by after events in the various actions in which the battery was engaged. On the 16th of October the brigade in pursuance of orders from division headquarters, marched from Hickman Mills to Pleasant Hill, Mo., and from thence in the direction of Warrensburg, Mo. At Pleasant Hill, however, Company A, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, was detached by order of the general commanding to repair the telegraph line between that point and Lexington. When a short distance east of Pleasant Hill the direction of the line of march was changed toward Lexington, upon which point a large force was reported advancing. On the 18th of October, after

