
a toilsome march of three days and nights, the brigade reached Lexington, going into camp near the Fair Grounds south of the city, where it remained for the remainder of the day and the night subsequent, no intelligence reaching us in regard to the movements of the enemy beyond casual reports of the presence of guerrillas in the vicinity, and the assurance that a small detachment had temporarily occupied the town day previous, procuring supplies, and executing the conscript laws of the so-styled Confederate States. On the 19th of October, howitzers that the enemy was advancing in considerable force in two columns, by the Dover road, and also from Sedalia. This report was almost immediately corroborated by the arrival of scouts, and by messengers dispatched from the outpost east and southeast. Upon this intelligence the brigade was instantly formed in the road running through the camp, and immediately south of the Fair-Grounds, strong scouting parties being detached to ascertain as far as possible the numbers and exact direction of the rebel advance. Learning that the enemy would perhaps make a direct attack upon the city from the Camden road a portion of the brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, was dispatched in that direction to resist the expected attack, the troops and artillery being advantageously posted in the streets. These were, however, soon ordered back to their original positions near the Fair Grounds, where the entire brigade, [with the] exception of Companies E and F, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, was formed in line of battle under direction of the major-general commanding. A detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, under Lieutenant J. B. Pond sent out to reconnoiter the Holden road south, having been recalled, the First Brigade on the right of the line, Company F, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, commanded by Captain O. A. Curtis, pushed forward in advance of our lines, accompanied by one piece of the howitzer battery, under Lieutenant J. Murphy, Company B, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and Company E, in command of Lieutenant J. T. Smith, Captain Johnson of that company being detailed as officer of the day. Deploying a small skirmish line, Captain Curtis soon met the advance guard of the enemy, estimated at 400 strong, when a spirited contest was commenced with small-arms, the single howitzer being used occasionally with excellent effect.

Soon after the fight opened Captain Johnson, Company E, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, in discharging of his duties as inspector of the outposts, arrived upon the field, and assumed direction of the two companies engaged, exhibiting at the outset qualities of coolness, ability, and daring, which have been commented upon to his favor by officers and men engaged. At this point the very unequal contest was maintained for a considerable period, until our lines were formed in the rear, in the position selected by the major-general commanding, and after the detachments sent to the city and out on the Holden road were recalled. The advance of the enemy was here, for a time, effectually checked, and he was several times repulsed, but by re-enforcements from his main column, and bringing rifled ordnance into action, he was enabled to overcome the feeble barrier interposed by the advance of our army, which compelled to fall back upon the main line of battle. The enemy's strength having by this time fully developed, and the superior caliber of his artillery but too plainly apparent, the First Brigade, in obedience to orders from the major-general commanding, fell back upon a cross-road leading to the main highway from Lexington to Independence, it being by this time nearly dark. Companies G, F, and E, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, were detached as

