
skirmishers to protect the rear until the entire command was safe beyond successful pursuit, a duty which was performed to the entire satisfaction of the commanding officer, and greatly to the credit of officers and soldiers of the companies mentioned. The retrograde movement was conducted with the utmost good order, notwithstanding the difficulties of the road, and the darkness of the night, during which nothing of importance was abandoned, and officers and men discharged their duties with as much equanimity as though there were not an army of 30,000 pursuing closely upon their rear. An accident, to the credit of Lieutenant Murphy, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and Sergeant Patterson, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, attached to the battery, may be mentioned here. Owing to the darkness of the night and the inequalities of the road, an accident occurred by which the limber of one of the howitzers was broken, and before it could be repaired the entire column had passed. Lieutenant Murphy and Sergeant Patterson, however, remained with the piece, and succeeded in bringing it off in the very face of the enemy's pursuing columns. No other accident occurred during the march, and the brigade halted when abut one mile east of the Little Blue, the pursuit having been temporarily given over by the enemy. The next morning the brigade crossed the Blue, four companies being temporarily left at the bridge, in charge of Major John M. Laing, while the remainder proceeded some tow or three miles west, and again halted, awaiting further movements on the part of the enemy. In the afternoon it marched to Independence, taking quarters for the night in the vacant buildings of the city.

On the 21st of October, the enemy having advanced from Lexington, met the Second Brigade at the Little Blue at an early hour in the morning. The First Brigade was, therefore, ordered to the front, and immediately proceeded from Independence to the field, where it arrived at about 11 a. m., taking position on the right, Colonel Ford's brigade forming the center, and Colonel Moonlight's the left. In this engagement the Fifteenth Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, and the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Lieutenant Pond, were dismounted and disposed in advantageous position, which had hardly been accomplished when the lines were fiercely assailed by the enemy at all points and the contest became extremely spirited, though from the nature of the ground and the protection of the timber the casualties were not heavy.

For some hours the engagement was maintained with varying results, our lines alternately falling back and advancing, the howitzer battery being actively and apparently effectively engaged until it became evident that the enemy was numerically superior to such an extent that it would be impossible to hold the ground, and a retrograde movement was commenced in the direction of Independence. In this action, the first general one in which it had been engaged, the First Brigade gave evidence of great proficiency in drill, unhesitating obedience, and displayed throughout a courage and determination worthy of any veteran corps. In this connection I deem it my duty to mention favorably and particularly the conduct of Major J. M. Laing, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, who, by his coolness and assured courage, did so much toward inspiriting the men of may command, not one of whom wavered for a moment or evinced a disposition to evade the perilous duties of the situation. Other officers, perhaps equally deserving, will be mentioned hereafter, but as Major Laing in this action came immediately under my notice he is first spoken of as a brave, efficient, and deserving officer, one of whom the regiment and the service may be proud. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, as commanding the Fifteenth Regiment, is too

