
well known to need especial eulogium in this instance. Let it suffice that he commanded his troops with the cool daring and soldierly ability so characteristic of the man, in no manner disappointing the anticipations of those who know him best. Early in the action Lieutenant W. H. Bisbee, Company E, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Calvary, acting adjutant of the Fifteenth Regiment, was struck in the shoulder by a ball, temporarily losing the use of his left arm, but remained upon the field in the discharge of his duties throughout the engagement, although several times requested to retire. Falling back through Independence the First Brigade, with those of Colonels Ford and Moonlight, encamped on the night of the 21st on the west side of the Big Blue, on the Kansas City and Independence road, no further demonstrations being made by the enemy.

On the morning of the 22nd I was ordered with the brigade to Byram's Crossing of the Big Blue, some eight miles from its encampment of the night previous. Arriving there we were joined by a detachment of Kansas State Militia, of Colonel [McCain's?] command, which rendered valuable assistance in obstructing the ford of the river by felling timber, &amp;c. About 11 a. m. the enemy's advance made its appearance at the ford, attacking our outposts and attempting to force a crossing. The ford was so effectually obstructed, however, and in its condition wholly impassable for artillery, that for some hours little progress was made, the attacking party being repulsed each time it appeared in the front, which was defended by a strong skirmish line, securely posted, and one section of howitzer battery then in charge of Second Lieutenant H. L. Barker, Company G, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, to whom the command was transferred on the morning of the battle of Little Blue. At this point the First Brigade held the enemy effectually in check, notwithstanding his great superiority of numbers, until about 3 p. m., when it became evident that he had succeeded in crossing considerable bodies, both above and below, and was rapidly flanking us both on the right and left. Upon this intelligence (word of which was sent to the general commanding with the additional report that the main body of the rebels was apparently in front and determined to effect a crossing at Byram's Ford) it was determined to retire in the direction of Westport or Kansas City, toward which it was evident the efforts of the enemy were directed. Our lines at the ford having been forced back, the rebels succeeded in crossing a considerable force of dismounted cavalry, a portion of which was employed in removing obstructions in the river, while the others were deployed on either side of the road, and advanced toward us. Then, with a strong body of rebels pressing upon our rear and in constant expectation that our flanks would be attacked, the brigade commenced to retreat toward Westport, contesting every foot of ground until the enemy gave over the action and retired to the ford. Reaching the open ground some four or five miles between Westport and the State line, a large body of troops was discovered on our left advancing in a northerly direction from the timber of the Blue.

Upon reaching the Line road we were joined by Colonel Moonlight's command, when the First and Second Brigades were rapidly pushed forward upon the prairie to resist the advance of the enemy under Shelby, who had evidently crossed at the ford four miles above Byram's. Skirmishers were immediately deployed from both brigades, and in a few minutes the action was commenced along the entire line, entirely with small-arms. A body of Kansas State Militia coming up soon after it was formed in line of battle immediately in rear of First Bri-

