
gade, when the rebels, being closely pressed by our skirmish lines, wavered for a moment, and then began to give ground. Upon this a general advanced of the First Brigade was ordered, and the line were rapidly advanced toward the enemy, who, after a slight resistance, fell back in confusion to the cover of the timber some two or three miles distant, closely followed by our forces, until, as the sun went down, not a vestige of the rebel Shelby's division beyond its dead and a few wounded was to be seen upon the field. Maintaining our lines for some time with no further demonstrations from the recent exultant and confident enemy our columns were turned toward Westport, which we reached about 7 o'clock in the evening, going into camp between that place and Kansas City, where the Army of the Border was mostly concentrated, and as the night wore on we seemed encircled by the campfires of the rebels, which gleamed menacingly from the woods, as if mocking the anxiety which prevailed throughout our lines. But as the darkest hour is said to be just before day, so the darkness of that night foreshadowed the dawn of final victory, and the relief of Kansas from apprehension of rebel invasion.

On the morning of the 23rd the brigade was under arms at daylight, and after having supplied itself with ammunition from the train sent out from Kansas City, retracted its march of the previous evening, coming upon the rebel lines about three miles from the town where it assumed position as the center of the line, with the brigades of Colonels Ford and Moonlight on the flanks. The First Brigade was deployed on the right of the road, in a large field traversed by rail an stone fences, which to some extent impeded active cavalry operations, though affording excellent protection to dismounted troops. Our skirmish lines were immediately formed and had advanced but a few rods when severe and incessant fire of small-arms was commenced upon them and replied to with the utmost spirit, the enemy commencing almost instantly to fall back. Our lines were then advanced some distance, a rapid fire being kept up from either side until the rebels, having received a re-enforcements, made a desperate stand and succeeded in temporarily pressing us back beyond our original position, and to the edge of a small body of timber skirting the wood upon which the Second Colorado, with the Colorado Independent Battery, was posted. At this point the fighting became again severe, and a second time we were compelled to retire, a movement participated in by the entire division; the First Brigade, however, forming the receipt of the new line about 200 yards in rear of its first position, the Second Brigade having left the field. At this point a desultory fire was kept up for some time, the rebels making no positive demonstrations, our lines being re-enforced by the militia under Colonel Blair. At length, however, the enemy pressed forward, and succeeded in planting one section of a Parrott battery on the line road, rendering our position one of extreme danger, his lines being heavily re-enforced at the same time. Leaving the position we fell back on the Line road almost to suburbs of Westport, where the army was reorganizing and concentrating for a final effort, and soon the order was received for a general advance along the entire line, which was obeyed with the utmost alacrity. The First Brigade, with a detachment of the Second Colorado and McLain's (Colorado) battery, took position on the right of the road, commencing an impetuous attack upon the rebels, who were rallying for a charge upon the battery, one section of which was posted directly in the road. Hardly had we taken position when the enemy charged in column upon the guns the road, which were supported by the Second Colorado, the First Brigade being

