
to the right in front as they advanced, Company E, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, forming the left of the brigade line and deployed as skirmishers. Seeing that a desperate effort was required to save the battery I immediately rallied Company E and led in person a charge upon the flank of the rebel column, a movement which was entirely successful, though a desperate hand-to-hand contest ensued, after maintaining which for a short time the enemy withdrew in disorder toward his main lines southward. In this action especial praise is due to officers and men engaged and more particularly to Captain Curtis Johnson, commanding Company E, Fifteenth, which was alone in the charge. During the actions Captain Greene, commanding the squadrons of the Second Colorado, brought his troops to our assistance, by which we succeeded in killing and wounding a large number of the rebels, and taking nearly 100 prisoners. In the charge Company E sustained a loss of 13 men wounded. To Captain Johnson I would express the highest sense of his excellence and soldierly ability in one of the most trying situations of that day. In this action Captain Johnson personally encountered Colonel McGhee, of an Arkansas regiment, both firing with revolvers, the result of which was that Colonel McGhee was killed, the captain receiving a ball in the arm, which inflicted a very severe and painful wound, from which he has not yet recovered. The enemy having fallen back upon the road, our lines were reformed and again advanced through the fields on the right of the road, driving the rebels at all points. Directly in the road, at the summit of a slight slope, a body of the enemy seemed determined to make a stand, when I was ordered by General Blunt to charge the hill with his body guard and one squadron of the Second Colorado-all of the troops available at that instant. Drawing sabers and forming columns of fours the squadrons dashed with reckless courage up the hill into the very midst of the rebels, who, not waiting to ascertain our strength, and hardly making a show of fighting, broke and fled, some into the timber on the left, but a majority down the road. A detachment was then dismounted and deployed along a stone fence skirting the woods and a spirited fire opened on the rebels in the woods to the left, but these soon made their way out and joined the main rebel body about a mile distant, where the enemy's lines were yet unbroken and upon which at this period a section of McLain's battery, under Lieutenant Eayre, was brought to bear with telling effect. General Curtis and Blunt having reached the scene in person I was directed to charge the rebel lines with the First Brigade on the right and left of the road, under cover of a heavy fire from the Colorado battery, which was worked with rapidity and the utmost precision by Captain McLain and his lieutenants. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, with six squadrons of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was directed to advance on the left, while with one company of the Fifteenth, the Third Wisconsin detachment, two companies of the Second Colorado, and General Blunt's body guard, I took the right. The brigades thus formed advanced, charging the rebel lines with an impetuosity that overcame opposition. The enemy then, confused and demoralized, broke and fled, scattering arms and equipments along the route, and covering the ground with the debris of a routed army. For more than a mile the brigade pursued, never drawing rein, while the rebels, too demoralized to attempt a halt, seemed each determined to save himself as best he might. In this charge, one of the most glorious in its results during the war, and perhaps performed with less loss to the attacking party, acts of individual daring might be mentioned deserving special commendation.

