
The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, in particular, upon this occasion, as indeed throughout the campaign, was such as to elicit the highest encomiums from all, and deserves to be recorded as worthy of particular emulation. The First Brigade, in advance of the pursuing column, maintained its position during the remainder of the day,coming up with the enemy below Little Santa Fe and skirmishing with his rear until dark. During the pursuit I was accompanied by Major McKenny, of Major-General Curtis' staff, who is entitled to special mention for assistance rendered here and elsewhere, as well as for his assured and courageous bearing upon the field. Early upon the following morning, having encamped near Little Santa Fe, the pursuit was resumed, but the First Brigade being in rear did not again encounter the enemy. We passed the station known as Trading Post, Linn County, Kans., on the morning of the 25th, and learning that General Pleasonton's command was engaged in a running fight with the enemy some few miles in the advance, pressed forward to the front, but reached Mine Creek too late to participate in the battle at the point, the rebels having continued their retreat southward leaving several general officers and a large number of prisoners, artillery, &amp;c., in our hands. Evidences of the total demoralization of the retiring army were visible on every hand. Hundreds of muskets, horse equipments, disabled wagons, &c., encumbered the field, while the number of dead and wounded abandoned by the enemy gave proof that his rout was again complete. Early on the morning of the 26th the brigade reached Fort Scott, at which it was compelled to halt for a short time in order to procure supplies, then entirely exhausted, as all rations were carried by the troops upon their horses.

Leaving Fort Scott about 11 a. m. on the 26th, we reached Shanghai, Mo., the same right and encamped, having passed General Pleasonton's command during the day. Leaving this point, the brigade took up a line of march southward, through Barton and Jasper Counties, Mo., reaching Carthage early on the morning of the 27th, and going into camp some five miles south of the town, the brigade having then the extreme front of the pursuing column, and being only a few miles behind the rear guard of the enemy. Indeed so closely was he pressed that one squadron of his cavalry retreated only upon the appearance of our advance at the point designated as our encampment. The rebel army was then only four or five miles before us, his rear having passed about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Here we met a number of paroled prisoners of the Kansas State Militia who had been released during the afternoon, after having been stripped of their clothing, shoes, &c., and robbed of anything valuable abut their persons. These were compelled to walk barefoot and almost naked twelve miles until they reached the advance of our lines, where they reached the advance of our lines, where they were as well cared for as our circumstances would permit. On the morning of the 28th the march was resumed, the brigade being then under command of Lieutenant Colonel Hoyt, passing the Granby Lead Mines, Newton County, about 2 p. m., the Colorado Second being in the advance with the Colorado battery. When within about three miles of Newtonia messengers passed along the lines from the front with intelligence that our advance had overtaken the rebel army at the latter place, and was then engaged. The command "forward," "trot," "gallop," "march," was given, and never with more hearty alacrity obeyed,and the brigade swept on through almost impenetrable clouds of dust to the open ground north of the town, where our artillery was already posted, and had opened fire with shell upon the enemy's lines then distant more than a mile,

