
and evidently striving to get into the timber. Reaching the crest of the hill upon which the battery was posted, the order was given, and the First Brigade moved rapidly toward the enemy, by this time engaged by Colonel Ford's brigade. The First Brigade was immediately formed by direction of the general commanding on the right of the line, commencing a spirited and determined fire at a range of about 500 yards, the howitzers, under Sergeant Patterson, doing more efficient execution than at any previous action during the campaign. In this connection I would mention with particular recommendations to favor Sergeant Patterson, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, an experienced and capable artillerist of long service in the Army of the Potomac and elsewhere. During the whole campaign he remained in the faithful discharge of his duties as sergeant of the howitzer battery, which fired the first gun at Lexington and almost the lat at Newtonia.

For further details of the battle permit me to extract from the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, as follows, he being in command of the First Brigade by reason of temporary disability of myself caused by accident:
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,In the Field, Cherokee Nation, November 9, 1864.

* * * * *

On the 28th of October Price was attacked by General Blunt with the brigades of yourself and Colonel Ford (Second Colorado Cavalry) at Newtonia, Mo. In this engagement it was my privilege to lead your brigade, of which I can only say, none could have fought more nobly or with more determination, standing under fire a long time without a cartridge to return the galling fire of the enemy, having expended sixty rounds to the man, the celerity of our movements rendering it impossible for the ammunition train to keep up. I desire to mention Lieutenant Joseph Mackle, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, and Lieutenant W. H. Bisbee, Company E, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, acting regimental adjutant, for their praiseworthy conduct in the last-named and, in fact, in all the engagements in which this regiment was employed. Of the officers of my command and their men it is not possible for me to specify particular names, for all were brave and none were cowardly or incompetent, maintaining its line of battle unbroken until some time after dark. The First Brigade, in obedience to orders from the general commanding, encamped for the night in the town of Newtonia, having brought in all its wounded, who were properly cared for and bestowed in the houses of the town.

On the morning of the 29th the brigade marched in pursuance of orders to Neosho, twelve miles distant northwest, where it remained until the forenoon of the 30th, from thence retracing its march of the previous day to Newtonia, and encamping south of the battle-ground of the 28th. On the 31st, orders having been received to continue the pursuit of Price, we marched that day to Cassville, encamping between that post and Keetsville, and some three or four miles from the latter place. November 1 the march was resumed on the Fayetteville road, over the battle-fields of Cross Hollows and

Pea Ridge, the brigade arriving at Fayetteville November 3 [4], about 11 a. m., a few hours after the attack on that post had been abandoned by General Fagan with his division of the rebel army. On the morning of 4th [5th] of November the brigade resumed its line of march southward, encamping that night at Prairie Grove, the scene of former victory by our troops under our present gallant general of division, and whose triumphs were participated in by many now component parts of the First Brigade. On the 5th [6th] we passed Cane Hill, another battle-field of a previous year, continuing the march night and day with such alacrity as the condition of our animals would admit until the forenoon of the 8th of November, when we stood upon the banks of the Arkansas River, near Webber's Falls, only a few hours after the rear of the late triumphant and jubi-

