
their allegiance, claiming to have been conscripted by Thornton, and a few have been taken at Atchison and Leavenworth, Kansas., in attempts to escape, and are now confined in jail at Atchison.

In closing this report I can only say that every word of it is capable of proof, and an examination of all facts such as I propose to make will probably show up a darker shade of villainy and corruption that appears in this preliminary report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General, Commanding District of North Missouri.

Colonel O. D, GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Dept.of the Missouri.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain George A. Holloway, Assistant Adjutant- General.

JULY 14, 1864.

Our combined forces had a fight with the rascals last night at Camden Point, burned the town and mustered out a few devils, but the rest were routed, some of them coming this way. Part of Noland's company have joined them, and some of the guns they had are gone too. I think 100 or 200 of them are near Sparta, but do not know certainly. I shall put abut 400 men on duty in the city to- night. Major Penick and I have a perfect understanding concerning the defense of the city. The assistance of the citizen companies is cheerfully rendered. Understand they have a scare at Weston this p. m. It is supposed by some very intelligent men that the rebel organization does not number less than 1,500, and that they are not fully at work. Nearly all the young men of rebel families have taken the bush. Captain Davis' company came in this morning. They were surrounded all day yesterday. Colonels Ford and Jennison and Lieutenant- Colonel Draper left Weston yesterday with about 600 good cavalry and a section of artillery; have heard nothing from them to- day. You are much needed here but troops are indispensable. We can't run in this manner much longer.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

General FISK,

Saint Louis.

Numbers 8. Report of Major John M. Clark, Eighty- second Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Platte City, Mo., July 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I reached home on yesterday about 10 a.m. Soon after my arrival I received information of the presence of a considerable body of guerrillas in the east and southeast portions of our county. I at once set about concentrating my forces at this place. About 3 p. m. I received a dispatch from Lieutenant Nash, Company C, stating the guerrillas made an attack upon Parkville and captured the place. One

