
In conclusion permit me to extract briefly from the report of Lieutenant J. P. Pond, commanding detachment of Third Wisconsin Cavalry from the 22nd to the 30th of October, when his detachment was ordered to report to General Curtis at Neosho, Mo., for special service, Lieutenant Pond having by virtue of rank taken command of the detachment at Independence, Captain Carpenter being reported sick. The battalion consisted of portions of Companies A, Lieutenant G. M. Ellis; C, Lieutenant J. B. Pond; D, Lieutenant Crites; F, Lieutenant E. M. Cooper, and M, Lieutenant John M. Bernard, the two letter having remained at Fort Scott without authority when the brigade marched south, and without making any explanation whatever relative to their conduct. Lieutenant Bernard's temptation may have been great, as I have learned he was married during the absence of his command, a fact precluding the supposition of an illness sufficient to render him unable to discharge his military duties. Lieutenant Cooper has not, as I have learned, even this palliation for gross neglect of duty, which it might not be improper to characterize in more severe terms. How much more worthy the conduct of Lieutenant Dixon, Company M, of whom Lieutenant Pond thus speaks in his report of the battle of Little Blue:

Here Lieutenant Dixon, Company M, fell severely if not fatally wounded in the head, while gallantly his command into the conflict. In this engagement Sergeant McMillan, a brave and efficient non-commissioned officer and soldier, was severely wounded. Other have men in the same and other companies suffered in the engagement, but in the general exultation over a common victory the wounded seemed to forget their anguish and joined in the shout that told the battle won.

I can further corroborate the statements made in the report of Lieutenant Pond, that in his battalion-

In the endurance of wearisome marches and continual fasting (being more than fifty consecutive hours without food, and nearly all of the time in the saddle after the severe conflicts terminating with the battle of Westport) officers and men exhibited the noblest characteristics of the good soldier.

Of the battle of Newtonia Lieutenant Pond reports that his command, reduced to thirty-four effective men, was placed on the left of the Second Colorado, and took part in the charge, led as at Westport by General Blunt in person, against an enemy so vastly superior, that the audacity of the charge must have been as conspicuous as its valor.

That we held our position until our ammunition was exhausted, and afterward until succor came, history will tell and truly; but how, seems a miracle.

In this contest Lieutenant Pond's command lost 4 men severely wounded and 11 horses killed. The lieutenant concludes his report as follows:

It affords me pleasure in connection herewith to notice the conspicuous gallantry and heroism of Lieutenant John Crites, Company H. His coolness and self-possession under the most terrific fire gave to his recruits the full assurance of veterans. He was the only commissioned officer of the battalion with me when we entered the battle of Newtonia.

I cannot close my report without more particular and favorable mention of Lieutenant Joseph Mackle, acting assistant adjutant-general First Brigade, it affording me special pleasure to indorse the deserving notice of Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt in his report of the battle of Newtonia. In other actions which Lieutenant Mackle was immediately engaged with myself I am happy to state that his conduct has been that of the true and brave soldier throughout.

I transmit herewith a list* of know casualties in the different engage-

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 80 men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing.

---------------

