
ments as reported by commanding officers of the various regiments, companies, and detachments. Casualties among troops attached to the howitzer battery are reported with the company lists, except those of one section from Company E, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, in charge of Sergeant Patterson, Company A, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, who reports 4 men wounded, but fails to give their names. Sergeant Patterson also reports 3 horses killed and 4 disabled by shots. The sergeant makes favorable mention of Corpl. James Holmes, Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, of his section.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding First Brigade, First Division, Army of the Border.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

Numbers 82. Report of Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE BORDER,Paola, Kans., December 15, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command during the late campaign against the rebel General Sterling Price:

On the 15th of October, at Hickman Mills, Mo., the Second Brigade was organized as follows: The Eleventh Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Companies L and M, Fifth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry; Companies A and D, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. Four mountain howitzers were in the Eleventh, manned by Company E. On the 16th the brigade marched into Missouri, in company with the First Brigade (all under Major-General Blunt), in search of Price's army. After having gone in a southeasterly direction as far as Holden, Mo., on the Warrensburg road, our course was changed to Lexington, Mo., which was captured by the Second Brigade on the 18th. Company B, Eleventh, had the advance, and skirmished with some bushwhackers in the streets, killing and wounding several and capturing some prisoners. Our camp was formed near the college, and it fell to the lot of the Second Brigade to picket the road leading south, and on which Price was advancing. Captain Green, Company B, Eleventh commanded the picket on the Warrensburg road, composed of his own company and Company A, Sixteenth. Captain Palmer, Company A, Eleventh, commanded the picket on the Dover road, composed of his own company and Company F, Eleventh. I am particular in mentioning these facts, because much credit is due these companies for maintaining their position and holding the rebel advance in check as long as they did. When, at the battle of Lexington, on the 19th, a retreat was ordered, the Second Brigade was in the advance and a portion of it dismounted, so that it fell to our lot to cover the retreat. To enable the division to move out it became necessary to face the enemy with every man and use every weapon. The howitzers here did good service, but on leaving the field the tongue of one of the pieces got broken so that it was nec-

