
essary to last the timber and piece to other pieces in order to save them, which was done in the very face of the enemy and under his fire. The enemy persistently followed us for several miles, and long after dark we were compelled to fight him on every piece of ground favorable for making a stand. The enemy outnumbered us more than ten to one, so that they were enabled to flank us, as well as press us in the rear, thereby making our position a warm one and giving us lively work. Every officer and soldier did well and nobly under the most trying of all positions. The retreat was continued all night until 2 next morning. On the same day the division took up position on the west bank of the Little Blue, eighth miles from Independence, and in the afternoon the Second Brigade was left alone to watch the enemy, fight him at the crossing, and burn the bridge. It is proper to state here that the two companies of the Fifth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry were not with the brigade, as they had been left on the border of Kansas to watch the guerrillas, and when the balance of the division was withdrawn from the Little Blue the two companies of the Sixteenth also went, leaving me only ten companies of the Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. Company G of that regiment being escort for Major-General Curtis, and Company L, at Fort Riley, my force being reduced, and the stream being fordable almost any point, it was no easy matter to hold an enemy so numerous and active, all being cavalry. Major Anderson, Eleventh, with two companies, had command of the bridge, which he set on fire and held until it was fairly burning, after which he fell back on the hill and joined the command, who then opened fire on the enemy. Captain Greer, with his company (I, Eleventh), had been stationed at a ford about one mile below the bridge, with instructions to hold the enemy as long as possible. He retired without firing a shot, but claims that it was not possible to do otherwise, as the enemy were crossing at all points.

Being thus menaced on all sides and the object for which I was left accomplished, the command slowly fell back about two miles, fighting. A favorable piece of ground here presenting itself, a new line of battle was formed on the left of the Independence road, and we slowly began to drive the enemy back over the ground again, dismounting every man for the purpose of shelter behind some walls, fences, and houses, some of which were then held by the enemy, who, after a vigorous assault, were dislodged, thus affording us an advantage which accounts for the few killed and wounded on our side, compared with the enemy, who suffered terribly. The Eleventh Regiment here behaved like old veterans, and gave renewed proof of their fighting qualities, driving an enemy greatly their superior i numbers to the very ground occupied in the morning. By this time General blunt had come up, and other troops were being thrown in on the right to my support. About 200 of the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, of that regiment, reported to me and did splendid service on the left. Major Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, chief of artillery for Department of Kansas, reported about this time with some mountain howitzers, and rendered such service as only a brave and gallant officer can render. We thus held the enemy back for hours, a great portion of the time without any ammunition, supplying its place with lusty and defiant cheers. It became necessary to withdraw the command a short distance and take up a new position, as the enemy, ten to one, were flanking us in perfect safety. Shortly after gaining the new position I received orders to withdraw my men and mount. The first movement had to be accomplished in the very face of

