
right of the line of battle about to be formed a little south of Westport. This was promptly done, and in front of the Second Brigade the enemy were driven back for over a mile after a stubborn resistance. The command on the left had fallen back, so that I was not supported in that direction, allowing the enemy to come up on my flank and deliver a raking fire. To meet this fire and preserve order it was necessary to wheel two squadrons to the left, which was done in fine style by Companies A and I, Eleventh (Lieutenant Drew commanded Company I after the battle of Little Blue). My command fell back in good order, handsomely protected on the right flank by Lieutenant-Colonel Woodworth, Twelfth Kansas State Militia, who reported to me that morning with a part of the regiment. Colonel Woodworth is deserving of much praise for dashing on the enemy's flank of skirmishers in the manner in which he did. After falling back to Westport I received orders from General Blunt to pass around the right flank of the enemy and keep in between him and Kansas, which were putting. Price to rout the Second Brigade whipped in on the right flank in hot pursuit of that portion of the enemy invading Kansas. At Little Santa Fe my advance company (H, Eleventh, under Captain Huntoon) struck the rear of the enemy and drove him out of Kansas. This was gallantly done and saved that portion of the State from the flames. The command pushed on that night to Aubrey, where a few hours' rest was obtained, and forage procured. Early next morning we again marched for Coldwater Grove, where we struck the center of the enemy, skirmished awhile,and held him in check as long as possible. Seeing from the route the enemy was taking he must necessarily camp about the Trading Post and that Mound City was danger of being destroyed I pushed on, marching all night, a distance of sixty-five miles; arrived there at 2 a. m. on the 25th. Early in the morning the enemy made his appearance but was quickly driven back and the town saved. About this time I received an order from General Blunt to make for Fort Scott and hold it at all hazards, so that no time was lost, after procuring some rations for my starving command, in striking for that place.

At Fort Lincoln the enemy had possession and disputed our passage. After vainly trying to dislodge him I moved off by the right flank, leaving a battalion to engage his attention until the command crossed the stream above. Arrived in Fort Scott about 4 p. m.; found the place in the most intense excitement. The same evening Generals Curtis and Blunt arrived, and the next morning we again started in pursuit. I would here state that near Coldwater Grove I was joined by the Lyon county Militia under Colonel Mitchell, who accompanied me all the way to Fort Scott, doing excellent service, performing the night march and bearing up under the many trials incident to a camp life with commendable fortitude. Nothing of importance occurred in the pursuit until the 28th, when General Blunt overtook the enemy at Newtonia, Mo., and drove him from his position. The Second Brigade was deprived of the pleasure of participating in this fight, as instructions had been received to await rations,then forty-eighth hours due. At Newtonia, on the 29th, after returning Neosho, the brigade was joined by Company L, Fifth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Captain young commanding, who was appointed acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence for the brigade, which position he still retains. Nothing of importance transpired during the balance of the pursuit via Cassville, Keetsville, Elkhorn, Bentonville, Elm Springs,

