
man was killed and 2 wounded, and also one woman was wounded. Robbed the stores (my own among the rest) of their contents, taking all the money they could get, and left in the direction of Platte City. Since then I have heard nothing of them. I sent a scout out as far as New Market to intercept General Fisk, so as to post him as to our condition, but did not find him. I learned that he had passed three miles east of New Market, about 9 or 10 a. m., in the direction of Smithville. I have heard nothing of him since, but supposed has passed through safely. I have some eighty- five men in the field this morning, and think they will be able to give a good account of these gents soon. The guerrillas number some sixty or seventy men.

Yours, in haste,

J. M. CLARK,

Major, Commanding Platte County, Mo.

Numbers 9. Report of Major Samuel P. Cox.

CAMDEN POINT, MO., July 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that we came up with the bushwhackers four miles north of this place at 2 o'clock, and we had a skirmish with them, which lasted but a short time. We made a charge on them and they fled in every direction. Some two hours after the fight we took one of them prisoner, and from him learn that the bushwhackers had 2 killed and several wounded. Our loss is 1 killed and 3 wounded. Apart of the bushwhackers went back across Platte River below the Union Mills. Can't you send fresh troops to follow them! Our horses and men worn out. Something ought to be done forthwith.

S. P. COX,

Commanding Forces.

General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.

GALLATIN, July 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that according to orders received at Breckinridge from you to pitch into the rebels, I started with my command of home guards. We went south some twelve miles, where we were joined by Lieutenant Desha's company from Chillicothe. At dark we halted and rested till 12 o'clock, and then we moved off in pursuit of guerrillas. Just at that time Colonel Brown came up with two companies more, Captain N. B. Brown and Captain Brumfield. The company commanders at that time were as follows, to wit: Lieutenant Desha, Captain Woodruff, Captain Brown, Captain Noblett, Captain Brumfield, Captain Leabo, and Lieutenant S. Brown. We started out and reached Kingston just at sun- up and found the guerrillas had robbed and plundered that town of at least $10,000 in money. The next place was Mirabile, where they got abut the same amount of money from Doctor Crawford's safe. They robbed the stores of all they wanted. We then started for Plattsburg only a few hours behind them. They killed one man twelve miles east of Plattsburg.

