
the other members of his staff in hurrying forward troops and holding them steady under the terrific fire of the enemy. In this capacity I participated in all the battles of the 25th and was with the pursuit to Shanghai, Mo., from which point I was sent back to Fort Scott, to superintend the forwarding of supplies to the army in its continued pursuit of the enemy.

It has been impossible for me to obtain reports from my subordinate commanders, and I cannot, therefore, make a correct return of casualties. From the best information I can gather, the entire losses of the brigade killed, wounded, and prisoners, will not exceed 100, of which twenty-five were taken from Colonel McCain's regiment at one time. About forty horses were also lost. Among the severely wounded is Captain Aitken, of the Bourbon County battalion, who was shot through the thigh while gallantly leading his command in the action at Westport.

The officers, with a single exception, discharged their duty faithfully and well, while the men behaved much better than could have been expected considering their want of training and discipline. I desire to make special mention of Colonels Montgomery, Hogan, Colton, and Eves, Major Smith, of the Nineteenth, and Lieutenant-Colonel Morris and Major Wiley, of the Tenth Kansas State Militia, for gallantry and good conduct.

Colonel C. Willets offered his services to me before starting from this place, and acted as chief of staff until after the battle of Westport, affording me much valuable assistance in that capacity. Finding him quite ill on our arrival at Santa Fe, I ordered him to Paola for rest and medical treatment, from which point he joined Colonel Moonlight's brigade on its march to this place.

The labors and services of Captain George J. Clark, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, although acting ordnance officer of the Army of the Border, came more immediately under my personal observation than that of perhaps any other officer, and it affords me honorable pleasure to bear testimony to his untiring labors day and night in that behalf from the time he left until he returned to Fort Scott. All the time he could spare from this duty was given to me, and as a staff officer of my brigade he rendered great assistance, being cool and observant under fire and industrious and energetic in arranging troops. To Lieutenant L. J. Beam, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general, I more indebted than to any other officer for labor, energy, and active forethought. Always at his post, and always at work, he is as brave in action as he is laborious in the office. Of clear head and sound judgment, skillful and thoughtful, thoroughly versed in the duties of his profession, and having his knowledge always at his command, he could discharge with dignity and distinction the duties of almost any position. Sergeant-Major Rebstein, Sergt. A. C. Greenleaft, and Orderly Dudley Van Valkenburg, of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, were transformed into staff officers from the necessities of the case, and discharged their various duties with alacrity, judgment, and skill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. BLAIR,

14th Kans. Cav., Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., Army of the Border.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 1st Div., Army of the Border.

