HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 2, SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Scott, Kans., January 1, 1865.

SIR: As volunteer aide-de-camp on your staff, I have the honor to transmit herewith, according to your direction, a brief report of events of the 25th of October last, all of which I saw and part of which I was.

On the march of the night before from West Point down, my brigade occupied the rear of the column, and when the column halted, and no word was sent to the rear to bivouac, I supposed that the advance had come to the timber of the Marais des Cygnes, and was clearing the obstructions which all thought the enemy would create to oppose our forward movement. Accordingly, we waited patiently, standing by our horses' heads, without fire, food, or forage. Toward morning, becoming chilled by the rain and cold night air, I mounted my horse, and, accompanied by an orderly, rode forward in search of fire. About midway up the column I found a fire, and had scarcely succeeded in warming my benumbed limbs when the sound of artillery called my attention to the front. I immediately started forward, and as soon as it was light enough to distinguish objects, I saw by the broken and slippery condition of the roads that it was impossible for the rear to get over the river till a late hour in the morning, and, sending my orderly back with directions to Lieutenant Beam, my assistant adjutant-general, to keep the brigade closed up to the main column, I hurried to the front to see if I could be of any service in some other capacity. At the same time, if a general battle was imminent in which all our troops would be engaged, I would have the advantage of observing the ground before the arrival of my force, and be ready to take command of them in action. Ascending the high mound overlooking the stream, I saw the skirmish line about midway from its base to the timber pushing steadily to the front. I immediately started forward to overtake them, having been joined in the meantime by Sergeant-Major Rebstein, of my brigade, and just as I entered the timber I was met by Major R. H. Hunt, chief of artillery on your staff, who announced that there was neither enemy nor obstructions on the north bank of the river. Pushing forward, I joined the skirmishers just as they received the fire of the enemy's skirmish line on the south bank. The skirmish line here waited till the advance regiment came up, which, I think, was the First [Second?] Arkansas Cavalry. With it came also Colonel S. J. Crawford of your volunteer staff, and Captain R. J. Hinton, aide-de-camp, serving on the staff of Major-General Blunt. On crossing the river we found, to our surprise, no obstructions, save two trees which had been felled in the road, and which were rapidly removed by the advancing troops.

Emerging from the timber, I observed a body of men about half a mile distant on our left flank, drawn up in line in front of a farm fence. Some discussion arose as to whether this was the enemy or a portion of our own troops who might have crossed below the main ford. I informed the officer who seemed to be in command that I was satisfied there was no ford so close below the main one, and called his attention to the further fact that the line displayed no guidons-a sure sign in my estimation that they were the enemy. The question was settled by the charge being sounded, and, half way to the enemy's line, we flushed his skirmishers, concealed in the high grass, under the brow of a gentle declivity, who fired a hasty volley and retreated on the main line, which moved off by the left flank at full speed, our flying squadrons in rapid pursuit. This line of battle was formed facing the

