
west, and about one mile and a half farther on another line was formed facing the north, strengthened by two rifled guns and one small smooth-bore, the right of the line resting on a skirt of timber which ran up a small ravine from the main river, and the left on a knoll, on the summit of which was a long cabin. Here the artillery played pretty fiercely, but they fired mostly with solid shot, seeming to reserve their shell as if it were scarce, although the screaming of the shell through the air was by no means infrequent. At this point (Colonel Crawford and Captain Hinton still being with me) I sent Sergeant-Major Rebstein back with instructions to find the officer in charge of the first artillery, and request him to hurry forward with his guns. Finding that the artillery did not arrive as soon as we hoped, and fearing the enemy would not stand much longer, we undertook conjointly to bring about a charge in the hope of capturing the guns. The regiment that had first crossed the river (the Second Arkansas, I think) advanced gallantly to the charge on our right, but was not promptly supported by the regiment on our left, which was a Missouri militia regiment, and consequently were compelled to forego the design. At this time Major Hunt came to the front, and galloped up to the commanding officer of the Arkansas regiment, and told him that the "general expected him to capture those guns." I would have done so five minutes ago, sir, if I had been properly supported," was the reply. "I will see that you are supported," said the major, and turned off to bring up the regiment on the left. As it came up on line both regiments charged in gallant style, other troops coming close on their rear, and the enemy broke to the rear before coming to close quarters, leaving their small guns on the field, which we took, but the delay enabled them by rapidly limbering to the rear to save their Parrott guns, which were the prizes we really aimed at.

After a short delay and moving on some distance, we saw another line of battle formed upon a high eminence, apparently about two miles off, but as we approached it, after firing a few shots from their rifled guns, they moved off rapidly again to the rear. I here fell in with Major Weed, of your staff, and Surgeon Walgamott, and we advanced in front of the left of our line. On an eminence in rear of where their last line of battle was formed, we came across an abandoned wagon, the first I had seen since the burning ones just south of their camp. Finding a lot of books, letters, and papers of various kinds in the wagon, we stopped a few minutes to make a hasty examination of the contents, and on resuming our forward movement I observed that the brigade on our right was some distance past us, although we were still in the advance of the one on our end of the line. Arriving on the table-land, which forms the summit level between the Marais des Cygnes and Osage, we again saw the enemy's line, and this time it was evident he was in full force, although his whole line was not visible, his right being behind the brow of the hill which descended into Mine Creek. Meanwhile the gallant brigade on our right was steadily advancing, with skirmishers well out, though brought to a check, apparently unsupported, in the face of this overwhelming force. The artillery was playing with great rapidity and considerable effect. I looked at the enemy's line, close, serried, and vomiting fire; I looked at the dauntless little brigade which was unflinching and steadfast in its front, and then turned to the rear, and it seemed a fearful distance to the head of the supporting column. I called Major Weed's attention to the situation, and he galloped to the rear to hurry forward re-enforcements, as it

