
of the day, and deliberately watched the operations. Major-General Pleasonton directed this attack in person, assisted by Major McKenny, who, as usual, was in the front. Of the perils or particulars I cannot speak, but of the results I can say that both lines broke and field before our forces got even within respectable distance. I then turned the head of my "gallant gray" homeward, and never drew rein till I struck our picket post three miles from town, where some forty of our citizens, with Colonel Perry Fuller at their head, were impatiently expecting news from the triumphant Army of the Border.

I cannot close this report without saying that I met the gallant officers of your staff everywhere during the stirring events of the day, and found them always active, energetic, and devoted. Major McKenny, in especial, seemed to be almost ubiquitous; wherever I went and whichever way I turned I was sure to meet him, and he was always to be found where the fire was the deadliest and the battle raged the fiercest.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

Numbers 84. Report of Colonel James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding Fourth Brigade.

FORT RILEY, KANS., December -, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make to the major-general commanding First Division, Army of the Border, the following report of my regiment and the Fourth Brigade, First Division, Army of the Border:

While serving in the District of Central Missouri, Department of the Missouri, on the 29th September, I was ordered to report to Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas. He ordered me to concentrate my regiment at Pleasant Hill, but leave some troops to protect Kansas City and Independence temporarily until General Brown, commanding District of Central Missouri, could send other troops. I accordingly left Major Pritchard with two companies at Kansas City and two at Independence, while with eight companies I took position at Pleasant Hills as an advance of the Army of the Border; I daily sent out large scouts east, north, and southeast. Fearing that the enemy might pass between Independence and Pleasant Hill toward Hickman Mills (which was altogether the best route for him to take on account of water and forage), and thus get into Kansas without my being able to keep in his front to check him and give prompt information, on the 11th instant [October] I proceeded to Hickman Mills, sending Captain Elmer and fifty men, to make a circuit by the way of Lone Jack, Snibar, and Little Blue, to the same place. I also sent Captain Evens up the Independence road to come in by Raytown. They both reported the next day nothing of importance. On the 15th Major Smith, with thirty men, went to Independence, distance eighteen miles, and found the town evacuated by the troops, and the rebels, reported 1,200 strong, a short distance away. He immediately returned, and with 200 men started

