
out after dark to reconnoiter. On the 14th the major-general commanding First Division ordered me to establish my headquarters at Independence and scout well from there. On the 15th Major Smith returned; after passing through Independence he proceeded about twenty-nine miles on the Lexington road, and making a circuit toward Snibar and Lone Jack, returned by Hickman Mills, but saw no enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker with his regiment (Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry) reported for duty to me per instructions received from department headquarters on the same day. At 2 a.m. of the 17th instant Major Smith, with 200 Second Colorado Cavalry and 100 Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, started toward Lexington to go, if possible, to the town and learn what he could. During the day I received a telegram from Major-General Curtis that Major-General Deitzler, Kansas State Militia, was sending three regiments Kansas State Militia to report to me, and directing me to report to General Deitzler by letter, and also to him (General Curtis) direct. On the 17th the Fourth, Twelfth, and Nineteenth Regiments Kansas State Militia arrived at Independence and reported to me for duty.

On the 18th Major Smith returned from Lexington. He reported he chased a few straggling bushwhackers out of that town, killing 2; he remained some hours in the town, and learned that several hundred rebels and guerrillas had been in the place but a short time before and that Shelby was camped with 2,000 or 3,000 men about six miles east. I regret exceedingly to have to state that the brigade books and papers were lost in the evacuation of Independence on the 21st instant, so that the able report of Major Smith cannot be forwarded with this. On the 19th the Fourth and Nineteenth Regiments Kansas State Militia were relieved from duty in my brigade and ordered to report to Colonel C. W. Blair at the crossing of the Big Blue, and McLain's Independent Colorado Battery was ordered to report, to me, it arriving about 6 o'clock on the evening of the 20th. On the morning of the 21st I received orders to march with the Second Colorado Cavalry, Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, and First Colorado Battery, to the support of Colonel Moonlight, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, who was reported as engaging the enemy at the crossing of the Little Blue on the Lexington road, leaving the Twelfth Kansas State Militia at Independence. The strength of my brigade was as follows: Second Colorado Cavalry, 284 men; Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, 400 men; Independent Colorado Battery, 116 men; five 3-inch rifled guns, and one mountain howitzer; total, 900 men and six guns. Left Independence at 10 a.m. and reached Colonel Moonlight rear, near the Little Blue (distance eight miles), in about one hour. I then received orders to place the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry on the left of Colonel Moonlight's brigade, the battery near the center of the line, and the Second Colorado Cavalry on the right. We immediately dismounted and advanced into the bluffs and became at once engaged, the enemy having crossed the stream before our arrival. We held our ground, advancing slightly for some time, and at one time drove the enemy in great confusion, but his force being too overwhelmingly large he threw a large body to our right, which compelled the right to give slowly back. The brigade was then ordered to fall back slowly to their horses, the battery receiving orders from division headquarters direct. After mounting I received orders to covert the retreat of the army to Independence with the Second Colorado Cavalry and Sixteenth Kansas, assisted by a portion of the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, which I did by forming half of my command in line across the road on some favorable spot, and while

