
that was engaging the enemy formed the remainder of the force in a similar manner in their rear, and when the first line became too hotly engaged marched it back by companies to the rear of the second line. I thus kept checking the enemy, giving the army time to pass through Independence safely, not reaching there myself until nearly sundown, when I was ordered to march my command across the Big Blue on the Kansas City road (distance six miles) and go into camp for the night; reached camp 9 p.m., the horses getting little or no forage and the men likewise to a great extent without food. The troops of my brigade behaved splendidly throughout the whole day and covered the retreat with the coolness of veterans.

I have to mourn the loss of Major J. Nelson Smith, who was commanding the Second Colorado Cavalry, and Francis S. Gould, esq., volunteer aide upon the brigade staff, the former being killed instantly and the latter mortally wounded. They were brave, gallant men, and could ill be spared. Early in the morning of the 22nd the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry was ordered to proceed to the support of Colonel Jennison, commanding First Brigade, First Division, at Byram's Ford, and did not report to me again during the day. McLain's battery was placed in position on the right of Colonel Moonlight's brigade on the brow of the bluff immediately west of the Blue. The Second Colorado Cavalry and Twelfth Kansas State Militia were formed in line on the left of the Second Brigade, with the exception of six companies Second Colorado Cavalry, which I was ordered to take across the Blue as skirmishers. This battalion remained skirmishing with the enemy until late in the afternoon, taking some prisoners, and did not report back to the brigade until the next morning. About 2 p.m. I received orders to march my brigade immediately to Westport (seven miles distant), which place I reached by the gallop in an hour with the Second Colorado Cavalry, Twelfth Kansas State Militia and McLain's battery. I then received orders to form on the hill toward Kansas City, where the brigade remained in line during the night, with the exception of the battery, which was ordered to Kansas City, but reported back again by daylight of the 23d. The men brought corn to their horses, and rested alternately, but did not unsaddle. Early on the morning of the 23rd I was ordered with my brigade through Westport. I formed a portion of the Second Colorado and Sixteenth Kansas on the hill immediately south of Brush Creek, with one section of the battery, but soon after advanced to the edge of the prairie and took up position across the road to the left of Colonel Jennison's brigade, the section of the battery being placed in the road. For a while the firing was exclusively artillery, but the rebels advancing, the whole line was soon engaged and kept up a very steady and galling fire for two hours or more. The enemy was repeatedly repulsed, and one very bold and dashing charge made by him down the road upon the battery was very handsomely repulsed by portions of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry and Second Colorado Cavalry, the countercharge being led in person by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, and in which charge he received a very severe wound in the foot. Finally, in the face of a very heavy fire from the First Brigade, the enemy forced a very large column into a small copse to the right of my brigade and commenced a flank fire upon me.

Not having force enough to dislodge the enemy from his new position I fell back toward Brush Creek, forming line upon each ridge until I received orders to form north of the creek, the battery meanwhile hav-

