
I do not recollect his name; he was taken from the house and shot. They went direct to Plattsburg and made an attack on that place and demanded a surrender, but Captain Poe refused, he being in command, as Captain Turney had just been killed; but just before we came up they left, going south in a hurry. We camped at Plattsburg for the night. Captain Johns and Captain Jones, of Caldwell, came up; also Captain McDonald, from Stewartsville. On the morning of the 22nd we left Plattsburg, Captain Poe, of that place, taking twelve of his men and went as the advance guard. We went south to Carpenter's Store; there the guerrillas had camped that night. At that place we found the grave of one man that was wounded at Plattsburg. They then moved in the direction of Union Mills. When we got there we found out that they were but a short distance ahead. We then made a forced march of about four miles, when we came up with them about three miles west of the Union Mills. They left the main road and went off on a by- road in some of the worst brush that they could find. They concealed themselves, and when our advance came up they were fired on. I then dismounted three companies and moved forward to find out their situation. We moved up in the brush close to where they were when they fired on us; we returned the fire, they fell back a short distance, and we also fell back to load. Then I had several other companies brought up and put in position. We then moved up the second time, and the enemy met us about the same place and both parties fired about the same time. We repulsed them again,and boys fell back a short distance again and reloaded again.

During this action or horses stampeded, caused by the boys yelling and the roar of the guns. It took us some little time before we could get ready again; then we moved up the third time and the enemy met us about the same place, but that time we routed them and they went in all directions through the woods and over fences, through the fields as hard as they could. Our loss was- 1 killed, James B. Ayres,of Captain McDonald's company, at Stewartsville; wounded, James Tucker,of Captain Brumfield's company,in the head,slight; John Acord, of Brown's company,in the side; John Carter, of Captain Leabo's company, in the thigh, and several others slightly. The loss of the enemy, as far as could be ascertained, was 2 killed and 16 wounded. We captured 3 horses and some guns and revolvers. I then moved to Camden Point and camped all night. The next morning Colonel Ford came up and took the trail oft he guerrillas at Staner's Mills. I then left the trail and moved back to the Union Mills, and as we passed close to where we had the fight the day before we captured,in company with H. M. Herman, a noted rebel spy, who was acting as his guide to the camp of the bushwhackers,and returned with my command, who were worn out by hard marches through the heat and dust which has compelled me to return and rest.

I cannot close without returning my sincere thanks to all of the officers and men that were under my command for the way they stood up both in the fight and on the march; also to Colonel Smith and Judge Dodge and Lieutenant I. N. Henry and Doctor Crawford, of Caldwell, and Colonel W. S. Brown, Lieuts. H. M. Singleton and L. M. Martin, of Daviess, and Mr. Hubbard,of Clinton, for their valuable services rendered me both on the march and in the skirmish.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. P. COX,

Commanding Scout.

[General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.]

