
formed in two lines and ordered to charge down toward the enemy's train, the charge being led by the major-general commanding First Division in person. We advanced at a gallop, with skirmishers in front, until we came upon the main body of the enemy, who was formed three lines deep and the front line dismounted. The action was commenced in earnest, and for three hours with less than 900 men (my brigade consisting of less than 600 men) we contended with an enemy of ten times our number, and closed the day by driving him from the field, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands. During the hottest of the engagement the enemy threw a large body of men upon our left, their fire telling fearfully upon our small force, but the left, commanded by Major Ketner, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, never wavered nor flinched, but answered shot for shot. The brigade remained upon the field until 9 p.m., when it went into camp in the town of Newtonia. During the 29th instant the brigade marched with the division to Neosho, returning to Newtonia the next day, October 30. On the 31st instant, after issuing rations and ammunition to the command started forward again on the enemy's trail, the footmen of my brigade marching with the transportation under command of Lieutenant M. Hennion, Second Colorado Cavalry. My brigade numbered at this time not more than 450 or 500 men, so many horses having given out from excessive and long continued marches without sufficient forage and water.

On the 4th instant [November] we arrived at Fayetteville, relieving that place from the determined attacks of the rebel General Fagan, commanding division in General Price's army. About noon of the 8th instant arrived on the bank of the Arkansas River, fifteen miles above Fort Smith, as the rear of the rebel army was disappearing in the woods beyond. The battery was placed upon the north side of the river and shelled the opposite woods, with what success not known. The brigade was disbanded on the 9th instant per special field orders, First Division, Army of the Border, dated November 9, 1864, and I was ordered with my regiment (Second Colorado Cavalry) to report for escort duty to Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas.

Total distance traveled by the Fourth Brigade from October 16, when it was organized, until November 9, the date of special field orders disbanding the brigade, must be over 400 miles. The casualties of the brigade cannot be exactly ascertained, but are reported by subordinate commanders, as follows: Killed and wounded, Second Colorado Cavalry, 70; Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, 67; Independent Colorado Battery, 5. Total, 142.

The campaign just closed was the most severe upon men and horses that any of the troops comprising my brigade were ever engaged in as regards marching, scarcity of food, forage, and water, inclement weather, &amp;c., yet all, both men and officers, endured unflinchingly hardships and privations, and on all occasions behaved with the coolness of veterans when under fire. Where all did well, it is difficult to particularize, but I cannot forbear to mention Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, who, though painfully wounded at the battle of Westport, continued in the saddle until the brigade reached Fort Scott. Major Ketner, of the Sixteenth, also displayed at all times great coolness and gallantry, being always in the thickest of the fight, and having at Newtonia two horses shot under him, and in fact all the officers and men of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry did splendidly throughout the whole campaign. Major Jesse L. Pritchard, commanding the Second Colorado Cavalry, behaved with conspicuous bravery

