
and coolness at all times, and especially at the battle of Newtonia, where he ably obeyed all my orders, and held the line unflinchingly after the carbine ammunition had been expended, Captain W. H. Greene, who commanded the Second Colorado Cavalry from the death of Major Smith (during the battle of Little Blue) until the morning of the 24th, when Major Pritchard took command, did excellent service, and is deserving of great praise. Credit is also due to Captain W. D. McLain, for the skillful manner in which he maneuvered his battery, and prompt obedience to all my orders. I must not omit to mention Colonel Treat, of the Twelfth Kansas State Militia, who assisted and co-operated with me very heartily, and at the battle of Westport did good service with his regiment dismounted.

To my staff officers I am greatly indebted for the promptness with which my orders were promulgated and for their utter disregard to all personal safety and comfort. Adjt. Robert S. Roe, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. William Wise and J. Fenton Seymour, aides-de-camp, were especially valuable to me as I could at all times rely upon their coolness, judgment, and experience in directing movements that were made not under my personal observation. Surg. I. J. Pollok and his assistants, Akin and Vance, were also untiring in their efforts at attending to the wounded of the brigade.

For the minutiae of the campaign I would respectfully invite your attention to the following inclosures,* viz: Report of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, marked A; report of Major James Ketner, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, marked B; report of Captain W. H. Greene, commanding Second Colorado Cavalry, marked C; report of Major Jesse L. Pritchard, commanding Second Colorado Cavalry, marked D; report of Captain W. D. McLain, commanding Independent Colorado Battery, marked E; report of Captain E. W. Kingsbury, commanding battalion Second Colorado Cavalry, marked F.

In closing my report I have to thank the major-general commanding the First Division, Army of the Border, for the many favors bestowed upon me and my brigade.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, late Commanding.

Fourth Brigade, First Division, Army of the Border.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Army of the Border.

Numbers 85. Reports of Major J. Nelson Smith, Second Colorado Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 15, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance to instructions received from you on the 13th instant I proceeded at 9.30 same evening with Companies A, G, F, and L to this place. When about half-way to this place I met Captain Moses with his company (M) and Company C. I came to this place with the whole command (six com-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

