
panies), arriving at 1 o'clock next a.m. I then quartered my men in the public square, hitching my horses outside the same. At this place (Independence) I learned that an attack was expected at daylight in the a.m. I remained here until 0 a.m. (quartering my men on the citizens for their breakfast, as my command had no rations), then moved with my whole command east (down the Missouri River) fifteen miles, where I met a citizen by the name of Drake, who was from the vicinity of Lexington, who informed me that the day before two bodies of the enemy (either bushwhackers or Confederate troops), one of 200 and the other of 100, had crossed the Missouri River going north, while it was reported that larger parties had crossed the river going north, and it was also currently reported that a larger force of the enemy had crossed the river going north. It was also reported (by pretty reliable authority) that General Price with a command of 8,000 had left the vicinity of Lexington last Wednesday, going south. I proceeded from the point above referred to, traveling nearly due south until I arrived near the south line of Jackson County. I then traveled in a southwesterly direction for about ten miles; then in a northwesterly direction until I reached Hickman Mills, arriving at that place at 9 o'clock last evening, where, finding that all the troops of your command had left, and my own command being too much fatigued to go farther, I went into camp, where I remained until sunrise this a.m., when I proceeded to this place, arriving at 9.30, having traveled a distance of eighty or eighty-five miles, my men having nothing to eat since yesterday a.m. at 6 o'clock.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. NELSON SMITH,

Major Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding Second Colorado Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 18, 1864.

SIR: For the information of the colonel commanding I have the honor to report that in pursuance to instructions received from him I left this place on the p.m. of Sunday, the 16th instant, at 8 o'clock, with detachments of the Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, and Second Colorado Cavalry, viz, Companies H, K, and L, Sixteenth Kansas, commanded by Major Ketner, and Companies C, E, G, K, and L, Second Colorado, numbering in all about 300 men. I proceeded east on the Lexington telegraph road, and when out nine or ten miles from this place found the telegraph line down and cut, which continued for every two or three miles until I reached Lexington. When I had proceeded about twenty-five miles I found that it was occupying so much time, and the wire for repairing having been all used up, I abandoned the idea of repairing the line and proceeded on to my destination. When within ten miles of Lexington I commenced making inquiries in regard to the force and kind of force at that place, and the invariable report was from 500 to 700 men, about one-half Confederate troops and the rest bushwhackers, and not until I got within one mile and a half or two miles could I learn anything to the contrary, when I learned that it was reported that the enemy's force had left late the night before. I dashed with my command into the town on the a.m. of the 17th a little after sunrise, but found the town evacuated by the enemy. I was informed by the citizens that a strong picket of the enemy had been

