
accompanies this and is marked C; also notice* marked A, published by Captain Bedinger, C. S. Army, at Lexington, October 14, 1864, and orders* marked B, by Captain George S. Rathbun, same date and army. Most of the recruits enlisted by Captains Rathbun and Bedinger, as well as most of their conscripts, deserted and returned to their homes.

In conclusion, I would remark that too much credit cannot be given to the officers and men under my command for their good behavior and prompt obedience of orders. No complaints whatever came to me of the misconduct of any man of my command. I broke camp at daylight this a.m. and arrived here at 12 m.

J. NELSON SMITH,

Major Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

ROBERT S. ROE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., Army of the Border.

Numbers 86. Report of Major General George W. Deitzler, Kansas State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS STATE MILITIA,Topeka, December 15, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with general field orders from your headquarters, dated Camp Arkansas, November 8, 1864, I have the honor to report the part taken by the troops under my command in the recent campaign against the rebel army under Major-General Price:

On the 9th day of October, 1864, in pursuance of instructions from His Excellency the Governor of Kansas, I issued orders to the militia to prepare themselves for active service for thirty days, and to concentrate immediately at the points indicated in said order, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.# So prompt were the militia in responding to this call, and such was the alacrity and enthusiasm manifested in concentrating at the points indicated, that upon my arrival at Olathe, on the evening of the 12th, I found several regiments already in camp there. On the morning of the 13th, having received verbal instructions from Major-General Curtis to order all troops directed to concentrate at Olathe to move to Shawneetown, I proceeded to that point, formed an encampment, and gave directions to thoroughly arm and equip the troops. During the three succeeding days the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first Regiments of the militia arrived in camp at Shawneetown. The regiments of Kansas State Militia, which had been ordered to rendezvous at the city of Atchison, were subsequently directed to proceed to Wyandotte and Kansas City. Orders from your headquarters designating the troops in the field as the Army of the Border, and dividing it into two wings, the right under Major-General Blunt, and assigning me to the command of the left, required several regiments of the militia of Southern Kansas to report to General Blunt, who will doubtless include their action in his report. The fact that the citizen soldiery who responded so promptly to the call of the Governor were compelled to leave their homes and business to the care of the women, the old decrepit, thereby incurring heavy losses and great inconvenience, cause much anxiety and uneasiness, and a strong desire to end the campaign as soon as possible. This feeling was largely increased by the mystery surrounding the

---------------

*Not found.

#See p. 469.

---------------

