
movements of the enemy, and the uncertain and conflicting information furnished by the officials belonging to the army of General Rosecrans in search of Price.

The impression became general that the rebel forces had moved south through General Rosecrans lines, and we were puzzled prodigiously to account for or understand how a hostile army of 20,000 men could remain in Boonville and the vicinity foraging wide for some two weeks "pursued by General Sanborn's cavalry with all possible dispatch" without molestation. No satisfactory explanation has yet been given of this singular effort to find Price and to "draw him into a trap." In my judgment it was one of the most extraordinary circumstances in the history of campaigning, and it created so great a distrust among the militia that several became discouraged and returned to their homes. The first development of the rebel army was made by Major-General Blunt, who discovered them at Lexington, Mo., on the 19th of October, and being overpowered by superior numbers was obliged to retreat to Independence. Several days prior to this I had, by direction of Major-General Curtis, sent to Independence two regiments of the Kansas State Militia, the Twelfth and Nineteenth, and on the 19th repaired thither in person. On the morning of the 21st, in obedience to orders, I moved with the Nineteenth Regiment to the Big Blue and began to fortify the several crossings of that stream. At this place I found Colonel Blair in command of the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Regiments Kansas State Militia and Captain McLain's Colorado battery. I immediately gave the necessary orders to erect fortifications and place the troops in position, and also ordered Brigadier General M. S. Grant, who was left in charge of the troops at Shawneetown, to proceed with two regiments of cavalry and two pieces of artillery to Hickman Mills with instructions to fortify and defend the crossings of the Blue at that point, and to open communication with our forces on his left. The remainder of the cavalry and infantry were ordered from Shawneetown to the crossing of the Big Blue on the Independence road, to which place the troops under General Blunt also retreated during the night of the 21st. The entire Army of the Border was now in position on and along the north side of the Big Blue, occupying every passable crossing of that stream from its mouth to Hickman Mills, a distance of about fifteen miles, and presenting a formidable appearance.

Price's army entered Independence on the 20th [21st], and on the morning of the 21st [22nd] his cavalry made demonstrations at several points in front of my position (the left wing), in several instances driving the pickets in under cover of our artillery. About noon, having received reliable information that a heavy column of the enemy was moving against the right of our line, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, commanding Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, to re-enforce that position. Subsequently the Twelfth Kansas State Militia and Captain McLain's battery were also withdrawn from my line to re-enforce the right under General Blunt. The enemy having forced a passage of the Blue at Byram's Ford, about 3 p.m., and my position being threatened from the rear, I quietly withdrew my command in perfect order, and retired to Kansas City in obedience to instructions from Major-General Blunt. Just as the troops commenced moving from our works on the Blue, a detachment of rebel cavalry made a furious dash upon the left center of my line, occupied by the Nineteenth Regiment Kansas State Militia, under Colonel Hogan, who received the charge with the greatest coolness and gallantry, completely routing the enemy, killing 12 and capturing 10, without loss to

