
our side. If my information is correct, Price commenced moving his trains south from Independence about 10 o'clock on the night of the 21st under a strong escort, and on the morning of the 22nd he moved with his cavalry and some artillery toward Westport, crossing the Blue at Byram's Ford, with the avowed intention of going into Kansas. He drove Colonel Jennison's command to the edge of the timber, about two miles from Westport, where he (Jennison) was re-enforced by a portion of the militia which had become detached from General Grant's command at Hickman Mills. A strong detachment of the enemy moved up the Blue under cover of the timber and attacked General Grant, throwing his command into some confusion, killing 36, wounding 43, taking about 100 prisoners, capturing 1 piece of artillery, and compelling General Grant to retire to Olathe. The loss of the enemy in this engagement is not known, but it must have been considerable.

General Grant speaks in the highest terms of the militia under his command and expresses the opinion that he could have succeeded in repulsing the enemy had it not been for the disgraceful conduct of Major Laing.

In his report of the affair near Hickman Mills General Grant says:

Major Laing, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, with four squadrons of his regiment, was but a short distance in my rear when the fight commenced. I expected he would support me, and sent him word to do so, but he would not, and did not, although urge to do so by every officer in his command. He withdrew his command from the field, which had the effect of destroying the courage of the men under Colonel Lowe (Twenty-first Kansas State Militia) who also failed to support me. Major Laing is responsible for the most of my loss, and showed cowardice in the face of the enemy.

The enemy having forced General Grant to retire during the night to Olathe, and the commands of Colonels Moonlight, and Jennison, with several detachments of militia, to Westport, encamped on the night of the 22nd on the south side of Brush Creek, about two miles from Westport, his line extending into Kansas near the Shawnee Mission. On the morning of the 23rd I received instructions from the commanding general to remain in Kansas City, and to place the artillery and infantry in proper position in the intrenchments and to hurry to the front all the mounted men. About 9 a.m. I directed Brigadier-General Sherry, Kansas State Militia, to assume command of the works in Kansas City, and proceeded to Westport. There had been severe fighting all morning in the vicinity of Westport, and some brilliant charges by the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Regiments Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, which were resisted with great stubbornness, and resulted in heavy loss to the enemy, but no ground gained by our side. The enemy's left in attempting to advance into Kansas had been successfully turned and driven back by the brigades under the gallant Colonels Moonlight and Jennison, who occupied a position near the Shawnee Mission. When I arrived at the front the firing had ceased and I found our forces formed on the bluff on the north side of Brush Creek, the left resting on the road leading from Westport to Hickman Mills, and the enemy on the south side of said creek, beyond the woods. The Kansas militia were dismounted and the horses sent to the rear, and as soon as the formation was compelled our forces were ordered by Major-General Curtis to advance, with General Blunt on the left and myself on the right.

The personal presence of Major-General Curtis inspired the men with confidence, and the whole command moved forward in perfect order through the dense underbrush, and as they emerged from the woods on the south side of Brush Creek they encountered the enemy in strong

