
force, and, after a severe struggle, in which our troops showed the greatest bravery, drove him from his chosen position. Taking advantage of the confusion which occurred in the enemy's ranks at this time, our victorious forces advanced rapidly into the open field, firing volley after volley into the flying rebels, killing and wounding large numbers, who were left in our hands. Both armies were now in full view of each other on the open prairie, presenting one of the most magnificent spectacles in nature. The enemy made several attempts to stand, but such was the dashing bravery of our troops that they never succeeded in rallying and forming their men to offer any considerable resistance. A running fight was then kept up for about four miles, the enemy, slowly retreating in a southerly direction, parallel with and about a mile from the State line, in Missouri, when General Rosecrans' advance, under Major-General Pleasonton, made its appearance some distance from the right of the enemy, and opened upon them with artillery. At this point the retreat became a perfect rout, and the enemy, running in great confusion southward, were soon out of sight. Their course was indicated by dense volumes of smoke from burning prairie hay, grain stacks, &amp;c. I accompanied the pursuit a short distance beyond the Blue, where we were joined by Major-General Pleasonton and staff. After consultation with that officer it was decided that the U. S. forces under Generals Curtis and Pleasonton were sufficient to follow the rebel horde and to drive them beyond the States of Missouri and Kansas, whereupon I requested and obtained permission from the general commanding to order the militia to their several counties, except the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Regiments, all from Southern Kansas, who continued with the pursuit to Fort Scott, from whence they were sent to their homes.

Not having received complete reports from the several brigade commanders I am not, at this time, prepared to make accurate statements respecting the number of militia in the field, of men killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, nor of particular acts of gallantry and daring of members of the militia which deserve honorable mention. In my report to the Governor of Kansas I will endeavor to do full justice to all. Suffice it to say here, that our casualties were comparatively slight, and that the conduct of both officers and men were highly satisfactory, reflecting great credit and honor upon themselves and the State, and entitling them to the thanks of the whole country.

I cannot close my report without expressing, in behalf of the people of Kansas, my grateful acknowledgments for the distinguished services rendered in the campaign against Price's plundering and murdering army by that noble patriot and gallant chieftain, Major General S. R. Curtis. Always at his post, and ever watchful of the interests intrusted to his care, he saw the threatened danger even before the invaders appeared at Pilot Knob, and was the first to sound the tocsin of alarm. With characteristic energy he made every possible preparation to meet the enemy, and entered the field in person at an early day, where he remained, scarcely leaving his saddle, until he saw the rebel horde driven beyond the limits of the department, and only gave up the chase when both his men and animals were completely exhausted. Turning a deaf ear to the schemes of politicians and office seekers who followed the army, he manifested a singleness of purpose and a devotion to duty rarely witnessed. To the knowledge and ripe experience in military affairs, the vigilance and energy of Major-General Curtis, and his kind co-operation in furnishing arms, ammunition, and the necessary sup-

