
plies to the militia, Kansas, in a great measure, owes her preservation from the devastating hands of a ruthless foe, and to him we tender our sincere thanks.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DEITZLER,

Major-General, Kansas State Militia.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 87. Report of Brigadier General W. H. M. Fishback, commanding Fifth Brigade District, Kansas State Militia.

OLATHE, KANS., December 26, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of my official report to Major John T. Morton, assistant adjutant-general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. M. FISHBACK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 5TH Brigadier DISTRICT, KANSAS STATE MILITIA,Paola, October 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this brigade while in active service, under proclamation of the commander in chief, dated on the 8th instant:

In obedience to General Orders, No.-, of Major General George W. Deitzler, dated Topeka, October [9], 1864, I dispatched messengers forthwith to the different regimental commanders in my district, ordering every man liable to duty immediately into the field, concentrating my forces in accordance with said orders at Paola, Kans. The order was obeyed with a promptness truly astonishing, especially when we consider the sparsity of some of the settlements in South Kansas and the great distance traveled in notifying the men. Never was there an order obeyed with greater alacrity. On the evening of October the 10th instant the Fifth Regiment Kansas State Militia, Colonel G. A. Colton, had organized, and reported for duty; on the 11th instant the Tenth Regiment Kansas State Militia, Colonel William Pennock, was on the march from Franklin and Anderson Counties, and marched to my headquarters on the 12th. On the 13th instant I was ordered by Major General James G. Blunt to march all my available forces to Hickman Mills, Mo., which up to this date consisted of the Fifth Regiment Kansas State Militia Cavalry, Colonel G. A. Colton, 471 men; the Tenth Regiment Kansas State Militia Cavalry, Colonel William Pennock, 751 men. Of these I reported to General Blunt 528 men, without arms and all with little or no ammunition, but on his solemn promise to telegraph to Leavenworth for sufficient arms and ammunition to meet us at Aubrey,

