
Numbers 10. Report of Captain Benjamin F. Poe, Eighty- ninth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

JULY 21, 1864.

About 9 a. m. Captain Turney and First Lieutenant George W. McCullough, with twenty- six men, went out to reconnoiter and find the position of the enemy. About 10 a. m. the enemy appeared in force about 600 yards east of the town, variously estimated from 125 to 400 strong. They sent in a flag of truce with a demand to surrender, of which the following is a copy:

JULY 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT PLATTSBURG:

I hereby demand an immediate surrender of the town. We are not bushwhackers, but Confederate soldiers. Your men will be treated as prisoners of war.

JOHN THRAILKILL,

Major, Commanding Confederate Forces.

To which I replied in the following:

Major JOHN THRAILKILL:

SIR: We are not here for the purpose of surrendering, but t defend the flag of our country.

B. F. POE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

The messenger started with the reply and was fired upon. At the same time a fight occurred between Captain Turney and the enemy. A messenger at that instant came in with word that Captain Turney was cut off, and for every man to take care of himself. After examining our ammunition it was found to be scarce, not sufficient to fight any length of time; whereupon I ordered a retreat, which had commenced, when Lieutenant McCullough came in with his force bearing the dead body of Captain Turney. Lieutenant McCullough and myself then determined to hold the place with what soldiers we had left and the citizens. A second messenger was dispatched to the enemy, but fired upon. Lieutenants Pierce and B. F. McCullough and most of the men had left when Turney's men came in. Our loss, Captain Turney killed and James Nixon wounded severely. The enemy had retreated in the direction of Haynesville. We do not know that we killed any of the enemy.

B. F. POE,

Captain, Commanding Post at Plattsburg.

[General FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.]

Numbers 11. Report of Captain Edward P. Elmer, Second Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Pleasant Hill, August 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit the following supplementary report of scouting and escort done by Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry stationed at Pleasant Hill, Mo., since July 10, 1864: Sergeant Cotton and thirty- four men of Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry, left this station July 11 for Kansas City, with six- mule team, ten days' rations, with detachments of C, F, and I of Second

