
of his subordinate, General Blunt. In haste I returned to my brigade, then encamped on the Big Blue, four miles southeast of Kansas City, Mo., and again took command.

We were now engaged in fortifying our position against the approach of the enemy, who was steadily advancing upon us. On the 21st I was ordered by Major-General Deitzler to proceed to Shawneetown and Shawnee Mission and bring up at once all the remaining forces that had assembled at those points, which was promptly done, and, with the exception of a few stragglers, the entire command took up their line of march for Westport, and the crossings of the Big Blue, and were still employed on the fortifications when the enemy appeared in our front. The Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Regiments Kansas State Militia were stationed at the ford at the Independence road, which had been well fortified, and after some slight skirmishing the enemy moved up to Byram's Ford, and there, after a stubborn but ineffectual effort on our part to impede his progress, he effected a crossing toward evening and our forces were ordered by Major-General Curtis to fall back to Westport, Mo. On Sunday morning, the 23rd instant, the enemy appeared in line of battle south of Brush Creek, near Westport. Generals Curtis and Blunt occupied a position in front and directed our movements in person. At about 8 a.m. our entire force moved out to meet the enemy, and took position on Brush Creek, extending our lines from east to west, Colonel Jennison's brigade occupying the left, Colonel Moonlight's the right, and my brigade the center. Here the brigade was dismounted and acted as support to the batteries.

The battle at this point was fierce and stubborn and with varying success, neither side gaining any decisive advantage for more than three hours, the rebels hotly contesting every foot until about 11 o'clock, when then began slowly falling back. Our men stood up nobly to their work and maintained their ground like veterans, and, seeing their advantage, were eager to pursue. The enemy were now plainly feeling their way out and losing nerve. Our boys commenced and soon the whole woods resounded with loud and long continued cheer after cheer as we drive them and push them from the timber. Our batteries are now hurried through the corn-field, followed by the militia, who are supporting them. Here we have punished them severely; their dead are numerous and lie on the field unburied. Our loss compared with theirs is trifling. By 12 o'clock we have reached the open prairie four miles south of Westport, when we see on our left as far as the eye can reach a long column advancing toward us. We are inspired with a new and intense interest; we look and listen; we are not long in doubt; we hear the artillery of Generals Pleasonton and McNeil; they have at last reached us and given the enemy's right a taste of their powder; we now have them upon the hip; the retreat becomes a perfect rout; we cannot keep pace with them. The battle is over, the victory won, and nobly won, and we feel that Kansas is safe; we breathe freer. We have done our whole duty; the volunteers keep up the pursuit, while the militia wait for their horses. This has been a glorious day for Kansas. She may well be proud of her militia. The Fifth Regiment, Colonel G. A. Colton; the Sixth Regiment, Colonel James Montgomery; the Tenth Regiment, Colonel William Pennock composed the brigade under my command, and all, without an exception, behaved with splendid gallantry and continued the pursuit closely until the night of the 24th instant, when General Pleasonton's command took the front. Seeing that pursuit was useless on their part and being almost entirely exhausted from fatigue and hunger, some of them fell behind, while others pressed on with me and participated in the fights

