
at the Marais des Cygnes, Mine Creek, Little Osage, and southeast of Fort Scott, all of which were hard-fought battles and victories gained for Kansas. Night coming on we retired to Fort Scott till the morning of the 26th instant, when I still tendered my brigade to General Curtis if needed in the farther pursuit of the enemy, but the general thought best to leave the militia to guard their homes and issued the following field orders, to wit:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, Kans., October 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. M. Fishback, Kansas State Militia, will return to his headquarters at Paola, Kans. His command may return to the vicinity of their homes for the present but will hold themselves in readiness to repel raids at a moment's notice.

By order of Major-General Curtis:

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

In obedience to the above order I ordered all the militia at Fort Scott from my district to march to the vicinity of their homes and hold themselves in readiness to repel raids subject to the commander in chief, among whom was the gallant Colonel James Montgomery, commanding Sixth Regiment Kansas State Militia, who of my brigade was last to quit the chase; also Colonel Mitchell, commanding Eleventh Regiment Kansas State Militia, who had fallen in with the command on the way, and others who up to this time had not reported to me for duty, but are all deserving of great praise for their bravery and patriotism. I have up to this time received no official report from any of the regiments in my brigade and cannot give the precise number of killed and wounded, but from unofficial am assured that they are very few indeed. Among the officers of my staff who deserve especial mention are Captain J. B. Hovey, brigade quartermaster; Surgeon Holliday, brigade surgeon; Captain J. P. Way, commissary. The other members of my staff were relieved from duty while I was under arrest and their places were supplied by W. A. Mobley, acting assistant adjutant-general; W. W. Updegraff and Captain S. B. Wheat, aides-de-camp, who were with me on the field at the battle near Westport, on Sunday,the 23rd instant, and displayed great bravery in that engagement.

I have the honor to remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. M. FISHBACK,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN T. MORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Reports of Major General Sterling Price, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Camp Numbers 10, Dardanelle, Ark., September 6, 1864.

I have the honor to report leaving Camden on the 28th ultimo. The cavalry being at Princeton, I assumed command on the 29th and started in the direction of Little Rock. When at a point within seven miles of Benton I diverged with the column to the left, taking a northwesterly direction, sending General J. F. Fagan across the Saline River to make

