
a demonstration toward Little Rock and at the same time protect my right flank. On the 5th instant he joined me, bringing up the rear. I reached the Arkansas River at Dardanelle to-day. General Marmaduke's command has already crossed and will hold the front until the trains are over. Colonel Harrison's brigade delayed so long in coming that I could not wait for it, and left orders for him to report for duty to the commander of the District of Arkansas. There is a small Federal force at Lewisburg, and some scouting parties were in this neighborhood on the north side of the river to-day. I have some sick from the effects of the summer campaign, but the troops are in the very best of spirits. I communicated with Brigadier-General Shelby while at Princeton.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,Indian Ford, on Current River,

Six Miles above Pittman's Ferry, Mo., Camp. Numbers 21,

September 19, 1864.

To-day we have entered the State of Missouri with our forces, in five health and spirits. We found the roads very rough and bad, but have not suffered much from that cause. Our strength is nearly 8,000 armed and 4,000 unarmed men-Fagan's division much the largest, Marmaduke's next and Shelby two brigades. Parties of Federals were encountered by our advance, who are now pursuing them. I learned from General Shelby yesterday that 3,000 or 4,000 re-enforcements went to Little Rock; part of Smith's corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARMY HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Numbers 60, Boonsborough, Washington County, Ark.,

November 2, 1864.

I have the honor to report my arrival at this point last night, being unable from the number of forces brought against me to maintain my column in Missouri, encumbered as it was by unarmed men and undisciplined recruits. Entering the State of Missouri from the southeast in Ripley County, I marched northward in three columns, reuniting at Fredericktown; then moved on and carried Ironton and Pilot Knob, making a full reconnaissance as far as Saint Louis County, destroying the Iron Mountain Railroad and southwest branch of the Pacific Railroad; then turned northwest, striking the Pacific Railroad at Franklin. From that the railroad was destroyed at various points westward and the crossings of the Meramec and Moreau Rivers forced until the enemy were driven into their works at Jefferson City. From positive information received of the forces there my troops were drawn off and moved on Boonville, where a small force surrendered; thence west toward Lexing-

