
ton, meantime throwing a force on Glasgow and Sedalia and capturing both. At Lexington I met General Blunt's forces of Missouri, Kansas, and Colorado troops, and drove them back toward Independence, they contesting crossing of the Blue very fiercely. Here, from intercepted dispatches and other sources, I learned that a heavy force under Generals A. J. Smith, McNeil, Sanborn, and others were establishing their lines about thirty miles south and parallel to my line of march and the Missouri River, while General Rosecrans with a heavy column of infantry-in all about 30,000 strong-were following as fast as the impaired state of the roads would admit, and I was obliged, after forcing the enemy into Westport, to fall back southward. They were thus enabled to mass their forces on my column, and when south of the Osage by the rapidity of their marches were enabled to come suddenly upon my rear and strike a severe blow, capturing several pieces of artillery and between 300 and 400 prisoners, including Generals Marmaduke and Cabell, and Colonels Slemons and Crandall. The enemy followed as far as Newtonia, where they were signally repulsed, being driven for three miles with much loss, since which time they have not been heard from as advancing.

The details of this expedition, with casualties, will be given in a future report in full. On account of the broken-down condition of the stock and scarcity of forage I will divide the command, crossing the Arkansas River at different points.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARMY HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Numbers 75, at Boggy Depot, C. N., November 18, 1864.

On the 2nd instant I forwarded from Boonsborough, Ark., a synopsis of my campaign in Missouri, which I dispatched by special courier to Washington. As it may not have reached you, I inclose an official copy of it.* Since then I have moved my command by slow marches, crossing the Arkansas River below the mouth of the Canadian on the 7th instant, and through Perryville to this point, which I reached to-day. At Boonsborough, on the suggestion of General Fagan, I detached two of his brigades (McCray's and Dobbin's), along with Freeman's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, to take the route to Northeast Arkansas, with instructions to collect all stragglers and deserters, and report south of the Arkansas River, at or near Washington, by the 15th, 20th, and 25th days of December, respectively.

On the 9th instant I also approved an order of General Fagan to send Slemons' and Cabell's brigades to Arkansas, with permission to furlough the men until December 10, at which date the former will rendezvous at Miller's Bluff and the latter at Spring Hill. At the same time I sent Colonel Tyler's brigade ahead, which will march by Doaksville, while I, with General Shelby's division and General Clark's brigade, will march south to Texas, taking the Bonham road, General Fagan and escort going by Doaksville to Washington, Ark., to meet his command there. Since leaving Cane Hill my animals have lived

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

