
entirely on the dry grass found along the line of march, and very many have perished, and it is with difficulty that I am enabled to move my train. The men also have suffered much on account of want of bread stuffs and salt and the scarcity of beef-cattle, until lately partially relieved by the kindness of Generals Cooper and Stand Watie. General Maxey also is collecting supplies at Doaksville for those going that route. I shall be compelled to move my command slowly for several days until I get within the region of supplies and forage, when I will march eastward toward Clarksville, where instructions from General Smith can meet me, and unless otherwise instructed will continue toward Fulton.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, ARK., December 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of my operations in the late expedition into Missouri:

I regret to state that the report is meager and incomplete in many of its details, for the reason that Major-General Marmaduke and Brigadier-General Cabell, who bore so honorable and conspicuous a part in the greater part of the expedition, were captured before its close and are now prisoners in the hands of the enemy, while Major-General Fagan, who commanded the Arkansas troops who composed so large a portion of the forces engaged in it, has as yet been unable to make any report; neither have any been received from his subordinate commanders.

In conformity with the letter of instructions of General E. Kirby Smith of the 11th of August, 1864, I made immediate arrangements for a movement into Missouri, as concluded upon in my interview and conference with him upon that subject, with the cavalry forces in the District of Arkansas which was then under my command, being promised, in addition, the brigade of Louisiana cavalry commanded by Colonel Harrison, estimated at 1,500 strong. At the same time information in full detail of the proposed movement, of the routes intended to be pursued, and probable time when it would be made was without delay sent by me to Brigadier-General Shelby, who then commanded in Northeastern Arkansas, with instructions to make an attack, when in his judgment he should deem it advisable, upon Devall's Bluff and the railroad between Little Rock and the White River in possession of the enemy, and by diverting their attention from my own movements enable me to cross the Lower Arkansas-the route then proposed-and unite our forces without danger of failure. These instructions were carried out in full by General Shelby and resulted in his attack upon the railroad, terminating in the most complete success, over 400 Federals being captured, 300 killed and wounded, six forts taken and destroyed, ten miles of railroad destroyed, as well as vast quantities of forage, &c., full particulars of which are contained in the accompanying report of General Shelby. This exploit was one of the most brilliant of the war and cast additional luster upon the well earned fame of that gallant general and the men and officers under his command.

40 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

