
Colorado Cavalry, under command of Major Smith. Arrived at Kansas City July 12; distance, thirty- five miles. Left Kansas City on the 13th in the steamer Emily. Arrived at Weston 12m.; distance, forty- two miles. Lieutenant Parsons, of D Company, took command of the detachment; left same day. Arrived at Camden Point 4 p. m.; distance, twelve miles. Found the enemy there; had a fight with them; killed several, and completely routed them. Lost 1 man killed, 1 wounded. Pursued them about one mile with the command; then leaving it and pursuing the enemy abut ten miles, went into camp for the night. Broke cap at daylight 14th. Arrived at Smithville; distance, four miles; fed. Left about 7 a. m., returning back to Camden Point, scouting through the brush; distance, fifteen miles. From the re went to Platte City; distance, ten miles. There joined the command and remained there until the next morning. Broke camp the next morning at daylight, taking southerly direction. About 1 p. m. stopped and fed. Left the command there; went to Kansas City, escort for Colonel Ford; distance, thirty- five miles. Left Kansas City on the morning of the 16th. Arrived at Liberty about noon; distance, sixteen miles. Camped there until the next day. Left for Kansas City on the 17th with Colonel Ford; distance, sixteen miles. Left on the 18th for Liberty; distance, sixteen miles. Left on the 22nd with the whole command, taking a northerly direction, arriving at Union Mills; distance, thirty- six miles; fed; moved on about three miles;went into camp. Left 23d, taking a westerly curse, meeting a command of Enrolled Missouri Militia. Passed Camden Point, taking a southeasterly direction. Went into camp about 5 p. m.; distance, fifty miles. Broke camp about daylight on 24th; passed through Smithville in a southerly direction after traveling about thirty- five miles, there leaving the transportation and taking the enemy's trail. After following about twelve miles stopped and fed. A party of men were out foraging, and they ran onto the enemy's pickets. Fired on them and killed 1; the command then pursuing and overtaking them, completely routed them, killing 2 of them; then went into camp about sundown; distance, fifteen miles.25th, broke camp about sunrise, taking a southerly direction, arriving at Liberty about 1 p. m. Camped there for the night; distance, twenty miles. 26th, broke camp at daylight. Arrived at Kansas City 6 a. m.; distance, sixteen miles. Left on the 27th for Pleasant Hill; distance, thirty- five miles.

July 21, Sergeant Wright and six men on a scout to Sni Hills and vicinity. Saw plenty of signs of bushwhackers. Returned on the 22nd; distance traveled, forty miles. On the 27th Sergeant Weir and nine men went to Kansas City for commissary stores. Returned on 31st; distance, thirty- five miles. Whole distance about 495 miles.

Your most obedient servant,

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding Station.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Henry F. Goss, Eighty- seventh Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SAINT JOSEPH, July 20, 1864.

I have to report that on yesterday, in charge of a scouting party sent out by your orders, I proceeded to the neighborhood of Taos, and

