
before sunset, when Shelby was thrown in front, and the fight was continued until darkness put an end to the combat. The enemy having thrown up fortifications during the night, it was deemed advisable not to renew the attack and the forces were withdrawn. (The particulars in full of the pursuit are contained in the accompanying reports of Brigadier-Generals Shelby and Clark.)

My loss in this report I cannot give, as I have no report from Fagan's division, but the loss in Marmaduke's division was 14 officers and 80 men killed and wounded, and the loss in Fagan's was doubtless greater.

While at Ironton, receiving information that the Federal force in Saint Louis far exceeded my own two to one, and knowing the city to be strongly fortified, I determined to move as fast as possible on Jefferson City, destroying the railroad as I went, with a hope to be able to capture that city with its troops and munitions of war. I arrived at Richwoods on the 30th, having passed through Potosi. Lieutenant Christian, whom I had previously sent to the Mississippi river before I left Camden for the purpose of obtaining gun caps, joined me at this place, bringing me 150,000. Lieutenant Christian is a most energetic and efficient officer and deserves especial notice.

Major-General Fagan sent 300 men to De Soto to destroy the depot at that place, which was effected, and the militia who had gathered there in some numbers at the same time scattered. At the same time General Cabell was sent with his brigade to cut the Pacific Railroad east of Franklin, which he did effectually, at the same time burning the depot in that town. On the 29th Colonel Burbridge and Lieutenant-Colonel Wood were detached from his command by Major-General Marmaduke and sent to Cuba to destroy the railroad depot at that place, which they succeeded in doing. The divisions of Marmaduke and Shelby tore up several miles of the southwest branch of the Pacific Railroad. (For full particulars see reports of Brigadier-Generals Shelby and Clark.) Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of Marmaduke's division, destroyed the important bridge over the Moselle. These two divisions were sent forward in the direction of Union, which was attacked and captured by Brigadier-General Clark, killing 32 and wounding 70 of the Federal garrison.

On the 2nd of October Clark's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, took possession of the town of Washington without opposition, and destroyed the Pacific Railroad about two miles from that place. On the 3rd a train was captured at Miller's Station with a large amount of clothing and 400 Sharps rifles, and on the same evening the town of Hermann was taken possession of after a slight opposition (the enemy abandoning a 6-pounder iron gun) by Clark's brigade. (For full particulars see report of Brigadier-General Clark with the accompanying report of Colonel Greene.) On the 4th of October Major-General Marmaduke sent a force of 400 men with one gun, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, for the purpose of destroying the Pacific Railroad bridge over the Gasconade River, which he effected. Linn was captured with about 100 prisoners and as many arms by a portion of Shelby's division.

On the 6th Brigadier-General Shelby sent a force under Colonel Shanks to destroy the bridge over the Osage on the Pacific Railroad, which was successfully accomplished. A passage was then forced by him across the Osage six miles below Castle Rock. The enemy disputed the passage warmly, but in vain. In this action the gallant Colonel Shanks received a severe, if not a mortal wound, and, left in the hands of friends to be cared for, he afterward fell into the possession of the enemy, and is reported to have since died, a loss to be greatly deplored.

