
Ever foremost in battle and last in the retreat, his death would be regretted by all who mourn the loss of the good and the brave. At the same time that Colonel Shanks forced the passage of the Osage as stated, Colonel Gordon, of the same division, forced its passage at Castle Rock, and the division bivouacked that night seven miles from Jefferson City.

On the next morning Major-General Fagan was thrown in advance with his division, and on the march came upon the enemy about five miles from Jefferson City in large force. A hotly contested battle ensued, but the enemy were gradually driven back to the Moreau Creek, where, being re-enforced, they again made an obstinate resistance, but were finally routed and forced to seek shelter in their intrenchments, Fagan occupying the heights in full view of the city. On this occasion Major-General Fagan handled his troops with marked skill and ability under my own immediate observation. Night approaching I determined to move my forces two miles south of the city to a point where water and forage were abundant, and I accordingly did so and encamped for the night. I had received positive information that the enemy were 12,000 strong in the city, and that 3,000 more had arrived on the opposite bank of the river by the North Missouri Railroad before I withdrew my troops to the encampment selected, whereupon I gave immediate instructions to Brigadier-General Shelby to send a sufficient force to burn the bridges and destroy the railroad on the west of Jefferson City in the direction of California, the county seat of Moniteau County, and after consultation with my general officers I determined not to attack the enemy's intrenchments, as they outnumbered me nearly two to one and were strongly fortified but to move my command in the direction of Kansas, as instructed in my original orders, hoping to be able to capture a sufficient number of arms to arm my unarmed men at Boonville, Sedalia, Lexington, and Independence, places which I intended to occupy with my troops en route.

The next day I accordingly took up my line of march in the direction of Kansas, and upon leaving Jefferson City was followed by General McNeil, who made an attack upon my rear guard (Fagan's division), but was easily repulsed. Brigadier-General Shelby, who with his division constituted my advance, reached California on the 8th, having sent a portion of his command on before him to destroy the Pacific Railroad at that place, which he did, destroying track and bridges, &amp;c. Pushing rapidly on to Boonville, he by a rapid charge drove in their pickets, and the garrison taking refuge in their defenses, Brigadier-General Shelby, disposing such of his forces as he had with him in a manner to prevent the arrival of any re-enforcements, waited until his artillery could come up. In the meantime propositions for the surrender of the town were made to him, which were accepted, and accordingly the place with its garrison, stores, &c., were delivered into his hands. (For particulars reference is made to his accompanying report.)

I followed on with the divisions of Major-General Fagan and Marmaduke, and encamped on the night of the 8th fourteen miles from Jefferson City, and on the 9th marched through and beyond California, making twenty-six miles. On the 10th I arrived at Boonville with the rest of the command. My reception was enthusiastic in the extreme. Old and young, men, women, and children, vied in their salutations and in ministering to the wants and comforts of my wearied and war-worn soldiers. About 300 prisoners were captured at Boonville, with arms, ammunition, and many stores, which were distributed among the soldiers. On the 11th, hearing of the approach of the Federal General

