
son. The place, though strongly fortified and well garrisoned, was carried by a bold and daring assault and fell into our hands with over 200 prisoners, who were paroled, several hundred stand of arms, many pistols, and several wagon loads of goods suitable to soldiers. (For particulars reference is made to the accompanying reports of Generals Shelby and Thompson.) The latter withdrew on the approach of the enemy.

On the 15th I reached Keiser's, having passed through Marshall, marching seventeen miles, where I remained two days awaiting the arrival of Brigadier-General Clark, for whose safety I began to entertain fears, inasmuch as information had been received that the enemy were on my left flank and in my rear in large force. Previous to the attack on Sedalia the large and magnificent bridge on the La Mine River on the Pacific Railroad had been destroyed by Lieutenant James Wood, of Elliott's battalion, who had been sent there by Brigadier-General Shelby for that purpose. On the 17th I received information that the enemy (Kansas troops) had entered Lexington on the 16th. On the 17th I received news of the capture of Sedalia by Brigadier-General Thompson. On the 18th, having been joined by Brigadier-General Shelby's division and Clark's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, I marched to Waverly, a distance of twenty-two miles.

On leaving Pocahontas I had sent an agent into Saint Louis of great intelligence and tact to ascertain the strength of the enemy at that city, with directions to report to me if possible at Potosi. He was, however, so closely watched that he could not join me until after I had passed that city. Upon overtaking me he informed me that I would be pursued by 24,000 men from Saint Louis, 15,000 from Jefferson City, which, with the forces in my front from Kansas, he believed to be the entire force with which I would have to contend. I then abandoned my former determination to issue an address to the people calling upon them to rally to me, as they were already pouring in on me so rapidly that I knew I would not be able to protect and feed them, and as it would require that my army should be kept together to protect them on a rapid and dangerous retreat from the State.

At daybreak on the morning of the 19th I moved from Waverly in the direction of Lexington, Brigadier-General Shelby's division in the advance, and having received information that General Blunt, Lane, and Jennison, with between 3,000 and 4,000 Federals (Colorado, Kansas, and Missouri Federal troops), were at Lexington, and fearing that they might make a junction with McNeil and A. J. Smith, who were at Sedalia and Salt Fork, I made a flank movement to the left after crossing the Tabo, so as to intercept their line of march. The advance, under Shelby, met them about 2 p.m., and a battle immediately ensued. For a time the Federals fought well and resisted strenuously, but finally giving way, they were pressed by our troops, driven well past Lexington, and pursued on the road to Independence until night put an end to the combat. That night the enemy evacuated Lexington in great haste and confusion. Shelby's old brigade, under General M. Jeff. Thompson, bivouacked that night in the suburbs of the town. I encamped at General Shields' farm, three miles south of Lexington, marching that day twenty-six miles. On the morning of the 20th I moved west in the same direction as before to Fire Creek Prairie, a distance of twenty-two miles, where I encamped. Information reached me that the enemy had fallen back to the Little Blue. On the 21st I resumed my line of march to the Little Blue. On the 21st I resumed my line of march to the Little Blue on the Independence road, Major-General Marmaduke's division in the front, whose advance

