
soon came upon the enemy's pickets, who, being driven across the Blue, destroyed the bridge as they crossed. A ford half mile below the bridge was seized by our troops and Marmaduke's division crossed it. His advance (Colonel Lawther's regiment) soon came upon the enemy, who were strongly posted behind a stone fence in superior numbers. Lawther's regiment was driven back and was hotly pursued by the foe, when they were re-enforced by Colonel Greene, with about 150 men. A fierce engagement ensued with varying success, Colonel Greene stubbornly contesting every inch of ground, when Wood's battalions arrived, and the enemy gave way, but being re-enforced again renewed the attack, when, as the ammunition of our troops engaged (who still manfully resisted with success the far superior numbers of the enemy) was about to become exhausted, Colonel Kitchen's regiment arrived tot heir relief. The enemy again fell back to their former strong position.

Hearing of the critical condition of Major-General Marmaduke's division, I had sent orders to Brigadier-General Shelby to march rapidly to his relief, who accordingly hastened to the scene of action with his division, and arrived there at the time when the enemy had taken refuge in their first position. An immediate attack was made upon them and a furious battle ensued, but the enemy were finally forced from their position and they retreated. Brigadier-General Shelby now taking the lead drove them in a stubborn running fight on foot (his men having been dismounted) for seven miles and beyond Independence. (For full particulars of this fight reference is made to the reports of Brigadier-Generals Shelby and Clark, and to that of Colonel Greene, accompanying the latter.)

In this action Major-General Marmaduke acted with distinguished gallantry, having not less than two horses shot under him. Brigadier-General Clark, of his division, also exhibited great bravery and skill, while Colonel Greene, by the manner in which he handled his regiment against vastly superior forces flushed with previous success, beating them back with his handful of men and stubbornly contesting every inch of ground until assistance came to his relief, as well as the personal courage exhibited by him, justly excited the admiration of his superior officers. Fagan's division under my orders supported Shelby, but were not immediately engaged.

I encamped that night in Independence, having marched twenty-six miles, the troops being engaged with the enemy most of the time and driving them before them. On the evening of the 21st Captain Williams, of Brigadier-General Shelby's division, who had been sent on recruiting by him, rejoined his command with about 600 men, capturing on his route the town of Carrollton with 300 prisoners, and armed his entire command. On the morning of the 22nd I left Independence. The enemy had fallen back to Big Blue, on the Kansas City road, to a position strong by nature and strengthened by fortifications, upon which all their art had been exhausted, and where they had been joined by General Curtis and his forces, thus increasing Blunt's army to between 6,000 and 8,000 men. Receiving this information I determined to advance on the Santa Fe road, which had been obstructed by felling trees, and did so, Brigadier-General Shelby's division in front, who advanced, detaching Jackman and sending him on the Kansas City road to engaged the enemy, then skirmishing with the pickets. Brigadier-General Shelby crossed the Big Blue with the remainder of his division, meeting some opposition from the enemy, which was soon overcome. After crossing the Big Blue he engaged the enemy to cover the crossing and the passage of the train.

