
Brigadier-General Thompson with his brigade, except Gordon's regiment, pressed the enemy to near the town of Westport, where he was ordered to fall back to the Blue. Colonel Gordon, with his regiment, who had been retained to guard the left, soon became engaged and was sorely pressed by overpowering numbers, when he was rejoined by Jackman, and, gallantly charging, the repulsed the enemy, capturing a 24-pounder howitzer and pursued them some distance, inflicting upon the enemy heavy loss. A large force of the enemy came out from Westport and a severe fight ensued, the enemy obstinately endeavoring to regain the gun which they has lost, but they were sternly resisted, and finally the arrival of Brigadier-General Thompson and night put an end to the conflict. (For full particulars reference is made to the accompanying report of Brigadier-General Shelby.)

Two flags were also captured, which were presented me on the battle field by Captains McCoy and Wood, of Gordon's regiment, who had taken them from the enemy with their own hands.

In the meantime other forces had engaged me in the rear. Having received information that other bodies of the enemy were pursuing me, I had directed pickets to be placed at the Little Blue to give notice of their approach. This had been done by Major-General Fagan, and being advised on the morning of the 22nd that the enemy had attacked and driven in his pickets, he dispatched Brigadier-General Cabell to drive back the enemy, which he succeeded in doing, but on his return on coming out of Independence the enemy struck Cabell a blow in the flank, cutting off 300 or 400 men and capturing 2 pieces of artillery. Major-General Marmaduke's division, which formed the rear of the army, became engaged with the same enemy about half an hour before sundown. The division was then about two miles from Independence. The advance of the enemy was checked by our troops, who then fell back about half a mile and took a new position, which the enemy attacked with increased fierceness, driving our troops steadily back until a late hour of the night and in almost impenetrable darkness. (For particulars reference is made to the accompanying report of Brigadier-General Clark). I encamped that night on the battle-field near Westport in line of battle, having marched twelve miles, the troops almost constantly engaging the enemy the whole distance.

On the morning of the 23rd I took up my line of march, and in a short time discovered the enemy in position on the prairie. The train had been sent forward on the Fort Scott road. I had instructed Major-General Marmaduke to resist the advance of the enemy, who was in his rear, if possible, as he was on the same road as the train. Brigadier-General Shelby immediately attacked the enemy, assisted by Major-General Fagan with two brigades of Arkansas troops, and though they resisted most stubbornly and contested every point of the approach, drove them six or seven miles into Westport. In the meantime Major-General Fagan with two brigades of Arkansas troops, and though they resisted most stubbornly and contested every point of the approach, drove them six or seven miles into Westport. In the meantime Major-General Marmaduke, who was to my right and rear, being attacked with great fierceness by an overwhelming force of the enemy after a most strenuous resistance, his ammunition being exhausted, had to fall back before the foe. (For full particulars reference is made to the accompanying report of Brigadier-General Clark.)

Being at that time near Westport, and in full view of Generals Fagan and Shelby and their commands, I received information that my train, which was in front and on the right of the Fort Scott road, was threatened by the enemy, some 2,000 or 2,500 strong, who were moving on a line parallel to the Fort Scott road. I immediately sent the information to Major-General Fagan and Brigadier-General Shelby, and directed them

