
Christian, a notorious bushwhacker, as it is termed-that is, robber and murderer-noted for his deeds of violence and blood. After passing over the prairie about four miles beyond Newtonia, Brigadier-General Shelby halted his command at the edge of the prairie in a skirt of timber and there encamped for the night. The other divisions of the army passed on beyond him and encamped in the proper positions they were to assume in the line of march the following day. Ere long our scouts brought the information the enemy were crossing the prairie and about 3 o'clock General Blunt, with 3,000 Federal cavalry, moved rapidly across the prairie in pursuit of us and made a furious onslaught upon our lines. He was engaged by Shelby, supported by a portion of Fagan's command. A short but obstinate combat ensued, when Blunt was repulsed and driven across the prairie three miles with heavy loss. This was the last we saw of the enemy. The army marched that day twenty-six miles and encamped. (For full particulars see General Shelby's report). On the 29th we marched twenty-six miles and encamped on Sugar Creek five miles south of Pineville, passing through the town. No information was received in regard to the enemy. On the 30th and 31st we reached Maysville, near the Arkansas line; marched forty-three miles, and on the 1st of November I reached Boonsborough, or Cane Hill, as it is called, marching seventeen miles. There information was received by Major-General Fagan from Colonel Brooks that he had the town of Fayetteville, Ark., closely invested, and the Federal garrison forced to seek shelter within their inner fortifications, and asking for a sufficient number of men to enable him to capture the place and garrison. As this was a place of considerable importance to the Federals and its capture would be of great advantage to the cause, upon Major-General Fagan's earnest solicitation I ordered a detail of 500 men and two guns to be made for that purpose, which were furnished by General Shelby under Colonel Elliott, the two guns being furnished by Collins' battery. The expedition started to Fayetteville, formed a junction with Colonel Brooks, but before the place could be taken the approach of General Blunt with a large force of Federal cavalry caused the siege to be raised, and Colonel Elliott rejoined his command. Our march from Illinois River to Cane Hill was over a bad road, very rough and hilly, and rendered much worse than usual by the constant rains, consequently much of the stock became worn out and was abandoned on the route.

On the 3rd I remained in camp. The weather was very bad, both snowing and raining during the day. I there received information that the Federal army at Little Rock had been greatly re-enforced by a portion of General Canby's command, and as it was necessary that I should here adopt the line of march I should pursue on my return to Arkansas, at district headquarters or elsewhere, as I should be directed, I determined not to risk the crossing of the Arkansas between Fort Smith and Little Rock, on which route I could not procure subsistence, forage, or grass in anything like sufficient quantity, but I decided to cross through the Indiana country, where beef at least could be obtained, which would at least subsist my men for the few days it would require them to march until they would meet supplies, even if no salt or breadstuffs could be procured, while some grass could be obtained for the animals. In addition, the route across the Arkansas River below Fort Smith would be over a rough, hilly, and in many parts mountainous country that the stock in its then condition would be unable to travel over, while the route through the Indiana country would be over a level and beautiful

