
prairie country traversed by good roads. Again, by the route below Fort Smith I would expose my whole army to be destroyed by a joint attack from Federal forces detached from the heavy garrison there and acting conjointly with large forces from Little Rock, which could easily be spared for the purpose, and which would in every probability take place, as information of my adopting that line of route would certainly reach them, and the slowness with which I would necessarily have to travel would give them ample time to make all necessary preparations. I was, furthermore, induced to come to this conclusion from the fact that it coincided with my instructions, in the propriety and reasonableness of which my own judgment fully concurred. Colonels Freeman, Dobbin, and McCray were ordered to return such of their men as still remained with their colors to the place where they had raised their commands in order to collect the absentees together and bring them within our lines during the month of December, if possible, and on the 4th day of November I took up my line of march with the balance of my command through the Indiana Territory in the direction of Boggy Depot. On the 13th I arrived at Perryville, in the Indiana Nation, a distance of 119 [miles], where I met with three wagons with supplies, and encamped, remaining over one day to rest and recruit my men. I had marched carefully and slowly, stopping to graze my stock whenever an opportunity offered. On the 14th General Shelby, at his own request, was left behind on the Canadian to recruit. On the 10th Cabell's brigade was furloughed, as also the brigade formerly commanded by Colonel Slemons, who was captured. On the 21st of November I arrived at Clarksville, where I received an order from Major-General Magruder to march to Laynesport and there establish my headquarters. I arrived there on the 2nd of December, 1864, having marched 1,434 miles.

The march through the Indiana country was necessarily a severe one, especially upon the stock, many of which died or became worn out and were consequently abandoned. The men in some instances hungered for food, but never approached starvation, nor did they suffer to anything like the extent that other of our soldiers have cheerfully endured without complaint for a much longer time during this war. At all events, I arrived in the country where forage and subsistence could be obtained in abundance, bringing with me in safety all the sick and wounded and all my command with which I entered the Indian country, without a single exception, except those who voluntarily straggled off and deserted their colors.

To enumerate specially the names of the officers who distinguished themselves for their skill and courage would swell this report beyond all reasonable limits; therefore, as to all but general officers and those who acted in that capacity, I would simply refer to the accompanying reports, heartily concurring in the meed of praise awarded to such officers as are therein enumerated by their immediate commanding officers.

Major General J. F. Fagan, commanding the division of Arkansas troops, bore himself throughout the whole expedition with unabated gallantry and ardor, and commanded his division with great ability. Major General J. S. Marmaduke, commanding division, proved himself worthy of his past reputation as a valiant and skillful officer, and rendered with his division great service. His capture was a great loss to the army. Brigadier General J. O. Shelby, commanding division, added new luster to his past fame as a brilliant and heroic officer, and without disparagement to the officers I must be permitted to say that I consider him the best cavalry officer I ever saw. The services rendered by him and his division in this expedition are beyond all praise. Brigadier-General.

