
also near De Kalb,in Buchanan County. About one mile and a half from Taos and between that place and De Kalb, along the margin of a creek, in Murphy's pasture, we discovered camp- fires and obtained information from different reliable men in the neighborhood that there were not less than 300 rebels in the brush there. This camp is about fifteen miles f rom Saint Joseph. We captured one prisoner going toward said camp. He was armed and had clothes packed in saddle- bags. We also captured one stud- horse belonging to a man formerly of Captain Noland's company of Paw Paws, named Outs, and who was recently engaged in shooting a German near Sparta. We took tow U. S. Muskets from the houses of two men of Noland's company, now in the brush. The bushwhackers seem to have possession of the lower part of this county and in Taos and along the main roads every day. In going and returning we traveled thirty miles and reached this post about 12 o'clock last night. The men in the country appear to be nearly all gone. We only saw five or six on the whole route.

HENRY F. GOSS,

First Lieutenant Company H, Commanding Scouts.

Brigadier- General FISK.

JULY 8, 1864.- Skirmish near Richmond, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., July 19, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Captain D. P. Whitmer, commanding company of Enrolled Missouri Militia, at Richmond, transmits to me an account of an affair between a portion of his company and the guerrillas, on the 8th instant. Lieutenant Page, of his company, fell in with a party and immediately charged them with his whole command. They received a volley, which resulted in the death of Lieutenant Page and the severe wounding of Orderly Sergeant Goode,in spite of his wounds, three in number, took command of the platoon after the death of Lieutenant Page, and routed the enemy completely, scattering him and capturing some of his horses and some equipments. It is not known how many of the enemy were killed. From the money and papers found in the clothing captured,it is certain that these men are from Price's army. Lieutenant Page was buried with military honors at Richmond on the 9th. Much credit is due to all parties who participated in the affair.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General of Vols., Commanding Dist. of North Missouri.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

