
September 1 (Camp Numbers 5.)-On Middle Fork on Saline River; Fagan on right flank toward Benton; eighteen miles.

September 2 (Camp Numbers 6.)-Road rough. Passed Goose Pond Mountain; nineteen miles.

September 3 (Camp Numbers 7.)-Road rocky and hilly; fifteen miles.

September 4 (Camp Numbers 8.)-Marched fifteen miles to Dr. Hill's.

September 5 (Camp Numbers 9.)-Cabell's brigade going over the mountain.

Heard that Brooks and Stirman had passed from Danville to Dardanelle on the 3rd. Weather warm and sultry. Joined by Fagan from the rear; eighteen miles.

September 6 (Camp Numbers 10)-At Dardanelle. Scouting parties of Federals on north side of river this morning. Sent letter Numbers 11 to Colonel S. S. Anderson. Marmaduke's brigade and most of the train crossed the Arkansas River; fourteen miles.

September 7 (Camp Numbers 11.)-At Dover, having forded the Arkansas. A Federal scout at Norristown this morning captured 6 horses from our pickets; fourteen miles.

September 8 (Camp Numbers 12).-On Clinton road; Fagan moving on Springfield road; thirteen miles.

September 9 (Camp Numbers 13).-Road rough and rocky; forage scarce; eighteen miles.

September 10 (Camp Numbers 14.)-On Little Red River, eight miles southeast from Clinton. Companies of Federal jayhawkers disbanded on approach of army; a few taken prisoners. Burbridge's regiment went by Clinton. Letter sent to General Shelby by Captain Norman; twenty miles.

September 11 (Camp Numbers 15).-Road through Big Bottom of Little Red River. Whole country around infested with deserters from Confederate army, 2 of whom were killed; 1 of ours wounded. Fagan within eight miles, ahead; fourteen miles.

September 12 (Camp Numbers 16).-After marching twelve miles on direct road to Batesville, diverged to the left over a road so mountainous as to be almost impracticable; struck the river at a point eighteen miles above Batesville; considerable damage to train; total distance traveled, thirty miles.

September 13 (Camp Numbers 17).-At Batesville. Forded the river one mile above camp of yesterday; crossing good; marched along left bank of the river; town completely deserted and destroyed. General Marmaduke and command, with ordnance train, marched by Powhatan direct, marching up on the left; traveled eighteen miles.

September 14 (Camp Numbers 18).-On Strawberry Creek. Returns and reports received from General Shelby; thirty-two miles.

September 15 (Camp Numbers 19).-At Powhatan, another deserted village. General Shelby with headquarters of his command at this point. Traveled fourteen miles.

September 16 (Camp Numbers 20).-At Pocahontas, another deserted village and ruined community. Jackman, McCray, and others reported. Army reorganized, as per Orders, Numbers 8, on the 18th. Traveled eighteen miles.

September 19 (Camp Numbers 21).-At Indian Ford, on Current River. To-day the army marched in three columns-Marmaduke on the right, Shelby on left, with Fagan and the headquarters in the center. A scout of Federals at 10 a.m. to-day burnt up Doniphan and retired; two scouting parties sent in pursuit. Marched twenty-two miles and entered Missouri.

