
September 20 (Camp Numbers 22).-Marched to Ponder's Mill, on Little Black; passed several houses burnt; women and children around the smoking ashes; the burning done by a portion of the Twelfth Missouri (Federal)*, commanded by Captain [Lieutenant] Pape, the same that burnt Doniphan yesterday. This morning our men attacked them at this point; killed a lieutenant and 3 men, wounded 4, and took 6 prisoners. Our loss 2 killed and 5 wounded. We captured several horses and small-arms; distance, twenty miles.
September 21 (Camp Numbers 23.)-Marched to Cane Creek; forage abundant; heard from Marmaduke; forty-two miles on march last night; found a Federal who had crawled from the fight of yesterday to a house on roadside; distance, twelve miles.

September 22 (Camp Numbers 24.)-Marched to Greenville, county seat of Wayne County; deserted; only two families in the place. Two companies of Federals passed through toward Ironton to-day. Shelby took Patterson, killing 14 and wounding several; took telegraph apparatus also; distance, twenty-two miles.

September 23 (Camp Numbers 25).-Marched to Cedar Creek; roads rough; distance, eighteen miles.

September 24 (Camp Numbers 26).-Reached Fredericktown; Shelby ahead of us, Marmaduke behind; more killed by 14 than at first reported by Shelby. Citizens generally Southern in sentiment; many coming to greet us; recruiting; distance, twenty miles.

September 25.-Still at Camp Numbers 26 waiting for Marmaduke to come up. He encamped eight miles off.

September 26 (Camp Numbers 27).-On Saint Francis. Shelby went by Farmington with a view of cutting the railroad. Fagan drove in the Federal pickets at Arcadia and took position before the town for the night; distance, twelve miles.

September 27 (Camp Numbers 28).-At Arcadia. This morning Fagan drove the Federals from Arcadia, where they abandoned a very strong position. He also drove them through Ironton. They fell back on Fort Davidson, in Pilot Knob. Fagan formed on the south and east. Marmaduke took possession of Shepherd's Mountain. Heavy skirmishing all day and continued artillery firing by the enemy. About 2 p.m. charge made on the fort, but the men were repulsed, but reformed by brigade commanders, but too late to renew the charge that night. Men placed in position and ammunition replenished; distance, eight miles.

September 28 (Camp Numbers 29).-Enemy evacuated Pilot Knob last night; found many stores of Government goods. (For number of guns, &amp;c., taken, see reports.) Twelve miles.

September 29 (Camp Numbers 30).-Passed through Caledonia and Potosi. At the latter place General Shelby fought and captured----Federals. The enemy, who left Pilot Knob under General Ewing, hearing of Shelby being in front, moved off to the west. Marmaduke and Shelby started in pursuit last night. General M. Jeff. Thompson arrived in camp. Rumors of Steele leaving Little Rock doubted; distance, twenty-two miles.

September 30 (Camp Numbers 31).-At Richwoods. Lieutenant Christian arrived with 150,000 caps and dispatches from General Magruder. No news of enemy. Flag captured at this place. General Fagan sent 300 men to De Soto. General Cabell sent, with his brigade, to cut the Pacific and Southwest Railroad east of Franklin; ten miles.

---------------

*It was the Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

---------------

