
October 1 (Camp Numbers 32)-Near Saint Clair. Met Marmaduke and Shelby; returned from unsuccessful pursuit of Ewing; many prisoners brought in, found straggling. Report from De Soto; militia scattered and depot burned. Marmaduke and Shelby destroyed the Southwestern Railroad for several miles. Marmaduke and Shelby went on to Union to-night; distance traveled, nineteen miles.

October 2 (Camp Numbers 33).-Joined Marmaduke and Shelby early in the morning; found Cabell; returned, burned a bridge east of Franklin, and in the dawn burned the depot and destroyed the railroad. Lieutenant-Colonel Wood also returned from burning the bridge on the southwest branch over the Moselle. General Clark went to Washington, on Missouri River; Federals retreated across the river. Marmaduke ordered to Hermann with his division. Fagan and Shelby encamped on road to Mount Sterling, eight miles from Union, making in all fifteen miles.

October 3 (Camp Numbers 34).-Distance, fourteen miles.

October 4 (Camp Numbers 35).-Marched to Mount Sterling. One division crossed the Gasconade; horrible road bottom, and bottomless mud on west side; raining all day. Report from Marmaduke of his taking Miller's Bend and Hermann; distance, seventeen miles.

October 5 (Camp Numbers 36).-Marched to a point beyond Linn. General Marmaduke returned, having destroyed Osage (Gasconade) bridge, having taken Hermann and Miller's Landing the day before. Shelby sent a force under Colonel Shanks to destroy the Moreau bridge; distance, fourteen miles.

October 6 (Camp Numbers 37).-Marched to the Moreau. Crossing forced after some resistance by the enemy. Shelby in front. Colonel Shanks mortally wounded.

October 7 (Camp Numbers 38).-Near Jefferson City. Fagan in front and the only division engaged. Enemy in strong position, but driven from one position to another, until about 3 p.m. they retired to their fortifications in and around the city, when we formed in line to west and south of Jefferson. Cut the Pacific Railroad. Loss very slight; ten [miles].

October 8 (Camp Numbers 39.-At Russellville. Finding the enemy to be strongly fortified and in heavy force (12,000) in town, supported by 3,000 on north bank of river, drew off in the morning, Fagan protecting the rear and skirmishing all day; distance, fourteen [miles].

October 9 (Camp Numbers 40).-On the Moniteau. Marmaduke in the rear. Several skirmishes with the enemy's cavalry, who followed as far as California. Shelby with Thompson's brigade went on to Boonville. Railroad destroyed from Lookout west beyond California; distance, twenty-six miles.

October 10 (Camp Numbers 41).-At Boonville. All the people turned out to greet us. Crossed a portion of command to north side, but recalled them. (See Shelby's report of capture of the place). About 300 surrendered; distance, sixteen miles.

October 11.-Enemy approached on Tipton road; was met and repulsed by Fagan's command.

October 12.-Engaged slightly with enemy; recruiting; distributing goods. Left Boonville at 10 p.m. and marched to Chouteau Springs (Camp Numbers 42); eleven miles.

October 13 (Camp Numbers 43).-At Marshall's. Clark went across by Arrow Rock to attack Glasgow; fourteen miles.

October 14 (Camp Numbers 44).-At Jonesborough. Fagan came up, having been left at the Lat Mine. Shelby left with a section to attack Glasgow from this side. Thompson went to Sedalia; eight miles.

