
October 15 (Camp Numbers 45).-At Keiser's on Salt Fork; passed through Marshall; rumors of the enemy on our left and rear; seventeen miles.

October 16.-Remained in camp; news of surrender of Glasgow. (See Clark and Shelby's reports). Thompson reports the enemy in force on road from Georgetown to Lexington.

October 17.-News of the capture of Sedalia by Thompson; recruits coming in; Federals enter Lexington on 16th.

October 18. (Camp Numbers 46).-At Waverly; twenty-two miles.

October 19. (Camp Numbers 47).-At General Shields' three miles south of Lexington. Left Waverly at daybreak. Knowing that General Blunt, Lane, and Jennison, with between 3,000 and 4,000 Federals, were at Lexington (Colorado, Kansas, and Missouri troops), fearing they might make a junction with McNeil and A. J. Smith, who were on Salt Fork and at Sedalia, made a flank movement to the left after crossing Tabo, so as to intercept their line of march. Met the enemy about four miles from Lexington on Salt Pond road; Shelby in front. Fought him back to the old Independence road, when night closed the fight. Federals evacuated by the river road; loss very slight; went home that night; distance, twenty-six miles.

October 20 (Camp Numbers 48).-To Fire Creek Prairie. Scouts report enemy falling back to the Blue; recruits from Chariton; twenty-two miles.

October 21 (Camp Numbers 49).-At Independence. At [Little] Blue met the enemy who had burned the bridge; Marmaduke in front; fought and drove them back through Independence. Shelby sustained Marmaduke on his left; loss between 40 and 50; twenty-six miles.

October 22 (Camp Numbers 50).-Left Independence, Shelby in front; drove the enemy toward Kansas City, then struck a column on the left in open ground; charged and took a 24-pounder howitzer. In coming out of town in column enemy struck Cabell on the flank and took 2 guns and cut off some 300 or 400 men. Marmaduke, who was behind in town, fearing he might be taken prisoner, led Cabell's men and cut his way to the command.

October 23 (Camp Numbers 51).-Enemy in position on prairie; attacked by Shelby, assisted by Fagan with two brigades; drove the enemy five or six miles into Westport. The column in rear under McNeil pushed Marmaduke and Clark until Shelby and Fagan had to withdraw. Enemy threatened left flank of train; driven off by drawing up the unarmed men in line. Encamped on Middle Fork of Grand River; twenty-four miles.

October 24 (Camp Numbers 52).-At Potosi. Skirmishing with the enemy, who are following in rear; thirty-three miles.

October 25 (Camp Numbers 53).-On Marmiton. When near the Little Osage, Shelby in front and Marmaduke in rear, a dispatch received from Marmaduke stating that the enemy were in sight about 3,000 strong, with the line still extending; a brigade was ordered back from the front. Fagan stated on the note that he would sustain Marmaduke, but before we could go back a mile we met the command coming on in the most demoralized condition. The details can only be given from the reports of those present. Marmaduke, Cabell, and Slemons taken prisoners; 5 pieces of artillery captured, and the morale of the army ruined. Everything hurried on, a mass of confusion, from which it took every exertion to redeem it, but after crossing the Osage the enemy again appeared in sight, but General Shelby was in the rear, and after an action of two hours they were held in check until after dark, when the troops were withdrawn; twenty-eight miles.

