
October 26 (Camp Numbers 54.)-Ar Carthage. No enemy; left everything behind; distance, fifty-six miles.

October 27 (Camp Numbers 55).-Encamped on Shoal Creek; enemy still far behind; morale of the troops improving, but many desertions among Arkansas troops; twenty-two miles.

October 28 (Camp Numbers 56).-Marched through Granby and Newtonia; a small detachment at the latter place left night before; one cavalry company remained; charged and routed; the captain (Christian, a noted bushwhacker) killed; encamped about four miles below Newtonia, when Blunt, with about 3,000 men, came upon us. He was met and signally repulsed by Shelby, sustained by Fagan with cavalry, and driven for over three miles. Our train was moved forward six miles; seventeen miles.

October 29 (Camp Numbers 57).-On Sugar Creek, five miles south of Pineville, through which we passed. Nothing known of any advance on the part of the enemy; twenty-six miles.

October 30 (Camp Numbers 58).-At Maysville, on line; headquarters in Indian lands; seventeen miles.

October 31 (Camp Numbers 59).-Marched to Illinois River, near line of Arkansas; twenty-six miles.

November 1 (Camp Numbers 60).-Marched to Boonsborough; raining all day; roads bad and hilly; stock worn out; much of it abandoned. Reports from Colonel Brooks, who was investing Fayetteville; asks aid; seventeen miles.

November 2.-In camp all day. General Fagan with re-enforcements went to Fayetteville. Colonel Freeman, with his command, started for Northern Arkansas. Colonel McCray ordered to go on the 3rd and Colonel Dobbin on the 4th, to report south of Arkansas River on December 15, 20 and 25; raining hard.

November 3.-In camp; rain and snow. Letter from Rosecrans.

November 4 (Camp Numbers 61).-Marched to Indian Territory; roads good; fourteen miles.

November 5 (Camp Numbers 62.)-Marched along Sallisaw River eighteen miles.

November 6 (Camp Numbers 63).-Marched to Arkansas River; twenty miles.

November 7 (Camp Numbers 64).-Crossed Arkansas River at Pheasant Ford; good crossing; four miles.

November 8 (Camp Numbers 65).-Raining; ten miles.

November 9 (Camp Numbers 66).-Raining; nine miles.

November 10 (Camp Numbers 67).-Order for Cabell's and Slemons' brigades approved. Slemons' command, commanded by Colonel Crawford, furloughed to December 10, to rendezvous at Miller's Bluff. Cabell's brigade, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Reiff, to rendezvous on December 10 at Spring Hill, Ark.; twelve miles.

November 11 (Camp Numbers 68).-Shelby left behind on Canadian to recruit. Tyler and Wood gone ahead. Wrote to General Maxey; fourteen miles.

November 12 (Camp Numbers 69).-Marched for good grazing at Gaines' Creek; two miles.

November 13 (Camp Numbers 70).-Passed through Perryville. Three wagons of supplies received; sixteen miles.

November 14.-Laid over in camp one day.

November 15 (Camp Numbers 71).-General Fagan ordered to establish his headquarters at Washington, Ark.; seventeen miles.

November 16 (Camp Numbers 72).-Seven miles.

