
November 17 (Camp Numbers 73).-At a point two miles south of Stand Watie's headquarters; fourteen miles.

November 18 (Camp Numbers 74).-Raining. Colonel Tyler started to Clarksville; ten miles.

November 19 (Camp Numbers 75).-Nine miles.

November 20 (Camp Numbers 76).-Nine miles.

November 21 (Camp Numbers 77).-Thirteen miles.

November 22 (Camp Numbers 78).-Crossed Red River. Clark went on to Clarksville; Shelby caught up; sixteen miles.

November 23 (Camp Numbers 79).-Marched to Bonham; twelve miles.

November 24 (Camp Numbers 80).-Fourteen miles.

November 25 (Camp Numbers 81).-Ten miles.

November 26 (Camp Numbers 82).-Reached Paris.

November 27 (Camp Numbers 83).-Sixteen miles.

November 28 (Camp Numbers 84).-At Clarksville; fourteen miles.

November 29.-Remained at Clarksville. Thompson's command came up. Leave granted to Shelby and other officers.

November 30.-Still at Clarksville. Order from Magruder received to march to Laynesport.

December 1 (Camp Numbers 85).-Clark's command on the march. Thompson to move to-morrow; eighteen miles.

December 2 (Camp Numbers 86).-At Laynesport. Crossed river; nineteen miles.

December 3.-Clark arrived and sent courier to Washington.

Whole distance marched, 1,434 miles.

Numbers 91.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John P. Bull, C. S. Army, Provost-Marshal.

WASHINGTON, December 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submitting the following report of duties performed, prisoners paroled, &amp;c., while acting in the capacity of provost-marshal-general of the Army of Missouri:

About the 27th of September I received an order from Major-General Price to report to him as provost-marshal-general, and to assume my duties as soon as practicable. I reported the next morning and immediately organized to each brigade fifty picked men, one captain, and three lieutenants. To each division I appointed a field officer, with rank of major, as provost-marshal-general of that division. Each day the guard was deployed along the line of march to prevent straggling, depredating, &c. This proved difficult, as at times the column was stretched out five or six miles. There was also each day a detachment ordered with the train for the purpose of assisting the chief quartermaster, &c. The list* of prisoners paroled accompanying this report is imperfect, as the names of 300 or 400 are with Lieutenant Bill, of Colonel McCray's brigade, who assisted me in my duties. I will forward the report of them as soon as possible. (For the report of prisoners captured at Glasgow and paroled by Brigadier-General Clark, I will refer you to his report, as also prisoners paroled at Sedalia by Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson. For names and numbers of prisoners paroled by General Shelby at Newtonia I refer you to his report.)

JOHN P. BULL,

Lieutenant Colonel and Prov. March General, Army of Missouri.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN, Asst. Adjt. General, Army of Missouri.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

