
JULY 8-12, 1864.- Scout from Patterson to Buffalo Creek, in Ripley County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Warren C. Shattuck, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

PATTERSON, MO., July 12, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders I started from this post on the 8th instant upon a scout to Buffalo Creek, Ripley County, with twenty- five men. We marched by way of Moss Ferry, on Black River, and Van Buren,on Current River, thence in the direction of Pocahontas, Ark., to the head of Big Baum Creek and down the same to Current River; down Current River to the mouth of Buffalo, and up the same ten miles to the house of one John Land, a noted guerrilla, who was found lurking in the vicinity and was shot. We started from Land's and came through the country, traveling by paths to Shelton's Mills, on Current River, and from there to Patterson. On Brush Creek, in Centre County, we came upon two guerrillas, who were shot while attempting t make their escape. We found no enemy in force nor heard of none nearer than Jacksonport, except small parties of guerrillas. All men subject to military duty are ordered to report to the Southern army, and many are obeying the order. From the information I obtained the conscripts are sent to Jacksonport, whence they are to return to Missouri as soon as they are armed and organized. Forage can be obtained at a few points on the route. Corn crop looks fine. Result of scout, 3 jayhawkers shot, 3 horses and 9 head of beef cattle brought in.

I remain, major, your most obedient servant,

W. C. SHATTUCK,

Second Lieutenant Company I, Third Missouri State Militia.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

JULY 9-13, 1864.- Operations in the vicinity of Wellington, Mo., with skirmishes at Warder's Church (10th), and at Columbus, Johnson County (12th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, July 14, 1864.

I have the honor to report that a detachment of Major Houts' scouting party, commanded by Captain Henslee, killed 5 guerrillas at a church near Wellington on Sunday last, among them the notorious Wilhite, who has been engaged in robbing the mails and

5 R R- VOL XLI, PT I

