
My operations in the rear of General Steele up to this time had so much annoyed him that he sent a very large force up by Searcy with the avowed purpose of driving me from the country. The odds were heavy against me in a pitched battle, for so many of my recruits were unarmed and ineffective, but I determined to try the issue at all hazards. Sending all the sick, wounded, and unarmed men one day's march to the rear, I concentrated the largest portion of my effective men on the east side of Black River and waited for the coming storm. Before doing this, however, I sent Gordon and Dobbin to operate on both flanks of the enemy and annoy them as much as possible, while Major McDaniel with 200 men played boldly in their front. For three days they marched and threatened, but made no direct attack. McDaniel gradually worked around to their rear and charged it three times, killing and wounding many. Gordon had a severe fight on their right flank and worsted them, while Dobbin, from Augusta, held and preserved a menacing attitude. Either from these causes, or something unknown to me, they hastily retreated one night, leaving a strong rear guard at Searcy, which was almost immediately driven out and our old lines re-established.

I now determined to make a direct attack upon the railroad, having received communications from General Price to the effect that he would probably cross it on August 24. So on the 20th I started with 2,000 armed men and Collins' battery and traveled rapidly in that direction. Big Cypress Creek was running out bank full, which caused me to march almost due south to Austin, forty miles from Little Rock, and then back north again. Leaving Colonel Dobbin at Austin to cover the crossing with his command, I reached the railroad, six miles from Devall's Bluff. Marching quietly along in column, with no flags flying, and everything well closed up, the appearance presented was that of a returning Federal expedition. The entire prairie was dotted with little knots and groups of the enemy, some cutting hay, some on guard, some drilling, and some lolling listlessly in the sun. Williams, with his advance, broke their noonday sleep with the ring of revolvers, and the surprised and frightened enemy ran away to cover. Sending Colonel Hunter and Major McDaniel down the road to watch Devall's Bluff, and forming Colonel McCray as a reserve, I opened fire on Redoubt Numbers 1, which, after a few well-directed shots, surrendered. Numbers 2 and Numbers 3 re-enforced Numbers 4 and made a vigorous stand. Dismounting Colonel Shanks' brigade and bringing up Collins' battery, I opened with artillery and moved up with the infantry at the charge. The garrisons did not wait, however, until the test came, but surrendered unconditionally. Numbers 5, seeing the result, re-enforced Numbers 6, which was held by Colonel Mitchell and the veteran Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry. They held out well under the splendid and pitiless practice of Collins' artillery, and I again dismounted Shanks' brigade and moved forward to the attack. Time was pressing. A very large force of infantry and cavalry came hurrying down from Devall's Bluff, driving back Hunter and McDaniel slowly and painfully. Another force of similar size came from the direction of Little Rock, and these two columns, like dark clouds, united with a somber, sullen glare. Out from the doomed fort now the garrison rushed for hope and help and made a beautiful run for their friends. I had anticipated this, and held in reserve a sufficient force of cavalry, which now dashed away after the fugitives. In ten minutes they were overtaken, ridden over, and double-quicked to the rear, the bullets from the enemy plowing in among their ranks. While the fight lasted, and before it commenced, large details were

