
Gordon and Elliott did their work well, as they ever do, and Elliott, after destroying the splendid bridge at Irondale and helping himself to what supplies he needed, commenced upon the track. Gordon burnt the first of this three bridges without opposition, but at Mineral Point a brigade of Smith's infantry seemed inclined to oppose him. Going straight at them they made but little fight, and retreated rapidly toward Saint Louis. The fine bridge there was then burned and one still farther down, and now the work of destruction began in earnest. The whole command was deployed in a new line of battle, called the railroad line; that is, each man took position at the end of a tie, the rails were broken at intervals of a thousand yards, and then when the word was given and the united strength of a thousand hands was taxed great masses and flakes of wood and iron were torn from the yielding bed, lifted up on end, and hurled groaning, grinding, and crashing fifty rods sheer away from the parent grade. Thus for miles and miles a terrible plowshare ripped up the labor of years, and the red flames licked up the debris, with tanks, depots, trestle-work, cord-wood and telegraph wire and poles. After spending five hours in this labor of destruction I recalled all my detachments and spurred away for Potosi. One hundred and fifty Federals were in fortifications there. My advance charged them into the court-house, gained the buildings commanding it, held them there until the artillery came up, when five rounds brought the white flag, and all their arms, with much ammunition and supplies, fell into our hands. The same work of devastation was visited upon the Potosi branch, and the fine deport with seven cars were destroyed.

A scouting party sent out under Lieutenant Plattenberg, numbering thirty men, ran into 100 Federals, killed 10, wounded 17, captured 11, 2 caissons, 30 fine artillery horses with harness complete, 7 wagon, and 23 negroes- a most daring and brilliant affair.

After remaining at Potosi until the next morning, and not receiving orders from General Price, nor, in fact, knowing the result of operations at Pilot Knob, I determined to march there with my entire command. At Caledonia I received orders to be in readiness in an hour to march with General Marmaduke in pursuit of General Ewing. All that night the chase went on, and early the next day Ewing's rear was gained and General Marmaduke, who was in advance, fought him until an hour before sunset, when my command, taking the lead, continued the fight until dark, making a heavy charge all along the line just as darkness shut out all vestiges of daylight. Night alone saved Ewing from capture, and we bivouacked upon the field of Leasburg supperless and rationless. The enemy spent their time in throwing up heavy fortifications, and it was considered best next morning not to renew the attack. September 30 I made a detour round Leasburg and marched hard for the southwest branch, which was reached at Sullivan's Station. Here the deport was destroyed, the track torn up as usual, vast quantities of lumber and cord-wood burned, with 3 passenger and 5 box cars.

October 1, 2, 3, and 4 I moved with my division on through Saint Clair, Union, Mount Sterling, and Linn, capturing at the latter place 100 prisoners and as many arms. A scout sent out here under Captain Redd, my aide-de-camp, was very successful and brought in some prisoners, arms, horses, and valuable information. Through this and other sections of the country traversed by the army the wise and just policy of General Price was fruitful of the most happy results. The German element, largely preponderating, had been taught that Confederate

