
soldiers killed, burned, and destroyed with vengeance swift as it was merciless, sparing neither age nor sex, and exacting a dark retribution of blood from the citizens and non-combatants. His first acts were to parole and liberate the militia caught at home, place guards over private property, respect the ties of politics and religion, and very soon they went abroad like some vast epidemic, until old men and boys came into his camp in crowds to bless their protector and take the oath of neutrality. On the 5th I marched upon Westphalia in a cold and heavy rain, where it was reported a Federal regiment was encamped. None were found, however, and that night I ordered Colonel Shanks to take his brigade, with a section of artillery, and destroy the Osage bridge, a very large and important structure, which was done at the charge, and 40 prisoners surprised and captured in a block-house on this side of the river. The brigade rejoined me in time to participate in forcing the passage of the Osage, six miles below Castle Rock, early in the day of the 6th. Positive information told me that all the fords were guarded, and the advancing force would suffer not only the disadvantages of crossing a wide and deep stream under fire, but also from a perfect ignorance of the enemy's numbers. I therefore sent Colonel Gordon to make a vigorous demonstration at Castle Rock while I massed the remaining portion of the division and forced a passage six miles below. Gordon found the enemy stubborn and unyielding, and commenced a heavy fire upon him, his advance, under Captain William M. Moorman, striking a Federal scout on this side of thirty men and pushing them so hard that they, like the swine possessed of the devil, ran over a steep place and thirteen of them drowned. The rest were captured and killed.

I reconnoitered the ford warily, showing no force whatever, and found about one regiment drawn up to dispute farther progress, while movements in the rear told that more were coming up. I dismounted Shanks' and Smith's regiments, deployed them along the bank, sheltered by heavy timber; held Elliott and Williams well in hand for a dash, and stationed my battery at splendid range. When all these arrangements were completed, a terrible fire of infantry and artillery swept the other bank, swept the opposing squadrons, swept the face of the bluff beyond, and drove everything for shelter to the woods. Now Elliott and Williams dashed away at the charge; the infantry waded after. The swift and beautiful water was torn into foam-flakes that hurried and danced away to the sea, while the ringing shout of a thousand voices told that the ford was won.

I immediately pushed forward Colonel Shanks with orders to press the retiring enemy hard and heavily. The Federals, re-enforced, came back upon him with great vigor, and the battle raged evenly there. Mounting Smith's and Shanks' old regiment, I sent them to his assistance. He ordered a charge along his entire line, and led it with his hat off and the light of battle on his fare. That charge was glorious. The enemy, though outnumbering him, fled rapidly, and pressing on far ahead of his best and bravest, he fell in the arms of victory-a bullet through and through his dauntless breast.

I cannot refrain from laying aside for a moment the cold and formal language of a report and paying a just tribute to the absent and wounded hero. Brave, chivalrous, devoted friend of all who needed friend; a lion in battle; "fleet-foot on the 'correi', sage counsel 'in cumber';" the Murat of my command. When he left us a star went out, a giant was gone. Whether upon the march or the bivouac, the cold and

