
Captain Shumaker taken from them and executed. That he deserved death no one denies; that he met it thus every good soldier must lament and deplore.

The bright hours of pleasure and enjoyment were rudely broken in upon on the 11th by a heavy force of Federals attacking General Fagan. My division was soon ready for the field, and I received orders if possible to fall upon the enemy's flank. Fearing trouble on the Georgetown road, I sent Colonel Jackman there with orders to attack the enemy wherever found, and fight him in front, flank or rear, as he deemed advisable. I then moved out on the Tipton and Boonville road seven miles, but learning that the enemy had retired I returned to camp, at the same time ordering Colonel Jackman to leave a force of observation where he was and change position from the Georgetown road to the Tipton and Boonville road, advance in the direction of the retiring Federals, and attack them upon first sight. Having no guide, and being in a broken and uneven country, Colonel Jackman did not overtake them until dark, when he attacked and drove him rapidly across the Tete Saline, resting there for the night, making beautiful dispositions to renew the fight on the morrow. About daylight the Federals opened upon Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, commanding the covering regiment, and forced him slowly back after half an hour's hard fighting. When Colonel Jackman had drawn them to his position he suddenly turned upon them with great fury and drove them, after two hours of hard fighting, over the ground lost, over the Tete Saline, and two miles beyond, inflicting heavy loss. This brilliant fight stamped him a fine cavalry officer, brave and skillful in action, with everything requisite to make him a dashing commander. The enemy soon retreated, and Colonel Jackman, by order from General Fagan, returned with his command to camp.

Moving from Boonville on the 12th and marching rapidly west, encamped on Blackwater on the evening of the 13th, where orders were received for Colonel Jackman with 500 men to report to General Clark for service in North Missouri, and on the 14th these orders were carried out. On the same day I was notified to be in readiness as early as practicable with my entire division, remaining for a combined attack on Glasgow and Sedalia. General M. Jeff. Thompson with a portion of the division and two pieces of artillery moved on the latter, and I, with the remainder and the other section of Collins' battery, moved on the former. Traveling hard all night Glasgow was reached an hour before daylight, and just as the distant east gave token of the coming day I opened with infantry and artillery upon the sleeping Federals, the silent town, and the rough and rugged fort. The surprise at first was complete, but the enemy, taking breath and courage, opened a merciless fire of sharpshooters upon the battery and upon the infantry drawn up along the shore. Yet Captain Collins, who never seems at home save in the rage and roar of battle, by the splendid aim of his guns and the rapidity of their serving, drove the enemy from his hiding-places, and there was a lull in the tempest of lead. It was expected that General Clark's attack would be simultaneous with mine, and that the object of my movement should be to cover real assault; but he did not arrive until two hours after I commenced the fight. My ammunition was considerably expended. Yet, when his guns were heard from the north I again returned to the work with renewed energy, sending at the same time to you for re-enforcements and ammunition, intending to cross the river myself if there should by any failure from the other side. With this view I called for volunteers to cross to the other side in a yawl

