
and get up steam in a large boat lying opposite, which was responded to by Captain McCoy and Captain Carrington, of my staff. They crossed in plain view of the enemy, found the boat in serviceable condition, and came back to report, the bullets plowing and hissing in the water all around them. This was a most gallant exploit, and one which is deserving of the highest praise. Before, however, additional help arrived the town surrendered to General Clark. Colonel Jackman, acting in conjunction with him, displayed his usual courage and made a most brilliant and successful charge, driving everything before him.

General Thompson with great rapidity and dash hurled himself upon Sedalia, opened his guns at point-blank range, sent forward Colonel Elliott at the charge, and captured town, fort, Federals, and all to the number of 200. Very soon great masses of the enemy came looming up to see what bold intruder had broken in upon their quiet sleep of years, but the wary Thompson, true to his well-won sobriquet, fell back fighting before them in splendid style after destroying everything owned by the United States Government.

Before the Sedalia attack I sent Lieutenant James Wood, Elliott's battalion, to the large and magnificent bridge over La Mine River, on the Pacific Railroad. True to the memory of the same feat a year ago, he charged upon it in the dim dawn of a dusky morning and woke the tardy sun by a mingled mass of flame and smoke, and crackling and splintered timbers, and crumbling arch and abutment. His work was complete. The destruction of 1863 was re-enacted in 1864, and the same old river swept on to the sea, telling great tales of how the gray jackets came over the border.

Still moving west on the 17th and 18th, and leading the advance on the 19th, I encountered a heavy force of Federals under General Blunt five miles from Lexington, on the Salt Pond road. Immediate battle was given. The enemy were stubborn at first and handled their artillery well, but Thompson gave them no breathing time, and with Gordon and Elliott in front pushed them hard past Lexington and well on the road toward Independence. This was the first real indication of the immediate presence of a concentrated force in our front, and I knew now there would be heavy work for us all in the future. On the morning of the 21st rapid and continuous firing in my front warned me that Marmaduke, who was in my advance, was hotly engaging the enemy. Closing up my command well and passing a command in front, I arrived in time to receive General Price's order to support General Marmaduke immediately. I dismounted my entire command, except Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols' regiment, of Jackman' brigade, and crossed Little Blue by wading. Finding General Marmaduke hard pressed and greatly outnumbered, I threw forward Thompson's brigade swiftly on the left, Jackman's supporting, and the fight opened fast and furious. The enemy held a strong position behind hastily constructed works of logs and earth, stone fences, and deep hollows and ravines. My division fought splendidly. From stand to stand the Federals were driven, and soon began to waver and retreat. After great difficulty and hard work my artillery got over the stream and opened a heavy fire from a beautiful position. Sending the cavalry regiment of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols upon their left flank, which made a brilliant and desperate charge, and pressing forward immediately in front, the enemy was driven clearly from the field; and now taking the advance, I pushed him in a stubborn running fight beyond Independence, where a large

42 R R-VOL XLI, PT I.

