
hospital was filled with his wounded and dying. That evening Captain Williams, of my advance, who had been sent north of the Missouri River to recruit, returned with 600 men after having captured Carrollton with a garrison of about 300 and arming his entire command.

Bivouacking at Independence to rest my tired division, for they had followed the chase all the long day on foot, I ordered Colonel Jackman on the morning of the 22nd to move out on the Kansas City road and engage the enemy skirmishing with my pickets; then crossing the Big Blue and facing the enemy on the right, engaged them to cover the crossing and passing of the train. Sending General Thompson with his entire brigade, expect Gordon's regiment, to force the Federals back to Westport, I held Gordon to watch the left, now being demonstrated upon, until Jackman came up. Thompson drove everything before him on the right within sight of the domes and spires of Westport, and then the Federals got stubborn and re-enforced on him, holding a heavy skirt of timber that fringed the lower edge of a large field. Gordon also soon became engaged with forces outnumbering him three to one, but fought them manfully until Jackman came up, when the Federals unlimbered a battery at close range and poured in a merciless fire. I determined to charge it and take it if possible. Gordon and Jackman dashed away at the word, rode down the cannoneers, broke the infantry supports, and captured and held one beautiful 24-pounder howitzer (brass), with caisson and ammunition, and several wagons, and teams. Jackman followed the demoralized foe for several miles, inflicting severe injury upon them, and returned in time to meet a large force coming from the direction of Westport. Now commenced a severe and heavy fight. The train had all safely passed, and I sent orders to Thompson to hurry to my assistance. The enemy, furious at the loss of their gun, tried hard to take it back, but the ground was held against them, and darkness and the arrival of General Thompson put an end to a very hard day's fighting.

The 23rd of October dawned upon us clear, cold, and full of promise. My division moved squarely against the enemy about 8 o'clock in the direction of Westport, and very soon became fiercely engaged, us usual. The enemy had regained all the strong positions taken from them the day before by General Thompson, and it became imperatively necessary to force that flank of the enemy back. Inch by inch and foot by foot they gave way before my steady onset. Regiment met regiment, and opposing batteries draped the scene in clouds of dense and sable smoke. While the engagement was at its height Collins burst one of his Parrotts, but fought on with his three guns as if nothing had happened. Again were the Federals driven within sight of Westport, and here I halted to reform my lines, naturally broken and irregular by the country passed over, intending to make a direct attack upon the town. About 12 o'clock I sent Jackman's brigade back to the road taken by the train, for it was reported that General Marmaduke had fallen back before the enemy-although he had never notified me of the fact, or I never saw his couriers, which I learned afterward were sent-and thus my whole right flank and rear were exposed. Jackman had scarcely reached the point indicated when he met an order from General Fagan to hasten to his help at a gallop, for the entire prairie in his front was dark with Federals. Jackman dismounted his men in the broad and open plain and formed them in one long, thin line before the huge wave that threatened to engulf them. Collins with one gun hurried forward to help Jackman, and opened furiously upon the advancing enemy.

