
On and on, their great line overlapping Jackman by one-half, they came to within eighty yards. Down went that line of gray, and a steady stream of bullets struck them fairly in the face, until they reeled, scattered, and fled; but the wing that extended beyond and around Jackman's left rode on to retrieve the disaster of their comrades, and came within thirty paces at full speed. Again a merciless fire swept their front; again Collins poured in double charges of grape and canister, and they, too, were routed and driven back, when General Fagan thanked Colonel Jackman on the "field of his fame, fresh and gory." It was a high and heroic action and one which shines out in our dark days of retreat like a "cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night." There on an open prairie, no help or succor near, no friendly reserves to cover and protect a retreat, Jackman dismounted with almost the forlorn determination of Cortez, who burnt his ships, resolved to conquer or die. Fresh lines of Federals forced Jackman to mount his horses, and he fell back after the train, fighting hard.

Now my entire rear was in possession of the enemy, and the news was brought when Thompson was fighting for dear life at Westport. Withdrawing him as soon as possible, and with much difficulty, for he was hard pressed, I fell back as rapidly as I could after the retiring the road, the prairie in my rear was covered almost by a long line of troops, which at first I supposed to be our own men. This illusion was soon dispelled, and the two great waves uniting, came down upon one little brigade and Colonel Slayback's regiment. The prospect was dark and desperate. Not a tree or bush was to be seen for weary miles and miles, and no helping army could be seen anywhere. I knew the only salvation was to charge the nearest line, break it if possible, and then retreat rapidly, fighting the other. The order was given. Thompson and Slayback fell upon them with great fury, mixed in melee, and unclasped from the deadly embrace weak and staggering. In attempting to reform to reform my lines (which after breaking through and through the Federals were much scattered) an enfilading battery of six guns swept the whole line, and another in front opened with terrific effect. At the same time the column which followed me from Westport came down at the charge, and nothing was left but to run for it, which was now commenced. The Federals seeing the confusion pressed on furiously, yelling, shouting, and shooting, and my own men fighting, every one on his own hook, would turn and fire and then gallop away again. Up from the green sward of the waving grass two miles off a string of stone fences grew up and groped along the plain-a shelter and protection. The men reached it. Some are over; others are coming up, and Slayback and Gordon and Blackwell and Elliott are rallying the men, who make a stand here and turn like lions at bay. The fences are lines of fire, and the bullets sputter and rain thicker upon the charging enemy. They half, face about, and withdraw out of range. My command was saved, and we moved off after the army, traveling all night.

Day and night the retreat was continued until the evening of the 25th, when my division, marching leisurely in front of the train, was ordered hastily to the rear to protect it, while flying rumors came up constantly that Marmaduke and Cabell were captured with all their artillery. Leaving Colonel Jackman with his brigade to watch well my left flank and guard the train, I hastened forward with Thompson's brigade and Slayback's regiment to the scene of action. I soon met

