
people in La Fayette County. Wilhite led the party who attacked Judge Ryland and his son and was repulsed a short time since, and is the man who wounded Captain Ewing, of the citizen guards. The party of guerrillas were attending church and fired upon Captain Henslee's advance guard from the windows, when a general exchange of shots [took place] in the midst of citizens, women, and children, and yet while Wilhite had twenty- eight balls through him and in him, and another guerrilla eighteen, no person but the guerrillas was hit by our men. We had 1 man wounded and 2 horses killed. The guerrillas, people, and priest seemed to be worshiping together as innocent lambs.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Camp Grover, near Warrensburg, Mo., July 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received through sub- district headquarters, on the night of the 9th instant I sent Major Houts, of my command, with 150 men, northwest of this place, with instructions to scout the country thoroughly. They went twenty- five miles, and then turning north struck the Missouri River at Wellington. In this march they discovered abundant signs of the presence of guerrillas. This country is a safe covert for these outlaws. It is a complete jungle and a perfect solitude, the adjacent country to the Sni affording forage and rations. Arriving at Wellington about 10 a. m. on Sunday morning, Major Houts learned from a reliable contraband that two guerrillas had been in this town that morning, and her opinion was they had gone to a church- Warder's Church- distant two miles, where a Hardshell was in the habit of preaching to the "Brushers" the unsearchable riches for good whisky and guerrilla warfare. The major, with accustomed promptness, at once detached about fifty men, under command of the intrepid and cool- headed Captain Henslee, Company L, and sent him to this church. The force approached this church by a narrow road, having to cross a bridge within twenty paces of the building an ascend avery abrupt bank. The captain took the precaution to send forward Sergeant Brassfield with six men, with instructions to dash at all hazards over this bridge up the hill, and passing the church to occupy a position beyond, with a view of intercepting fugitives, and at the same time, by attracting the attention of the congregation, to make a diversion in favor of the main column. The guerrillas were then seven or eight in number, beside some outpost pickets on the Lexington road. The cry of "Feds!" thundered from the audience, and the worthy pastor, who was in the midst of a fervent supplication, found his flock

