
down alike upon the dying and the dead, and the stars came out, and a weird and dreary silence hushed the air to stillness and repose.

On the night of the 24th [25th], on the Marmiton River, Colonel Jackman, by order, burned that portion of the train devoted to the sacrifice, and brought up the rear all that day and night to Carthage, where we encamped on the night of the 25th [26th]. On the evening of the 28th, while comfortably resting a few miles south of Newtonia, a large Federal force drove in our outlying pickets quite briskly and came charging on with their usual vitality. Dismounting every man of my division, I formed my line of battle just in time to meet the onset. Jackman held the right and protected two pieces of Collins' artillery, which opened immediately with good effect. Thompson and Slayback were on the left, and I sent a good detachment under Major Gordon to watch well my extreme left flank, and them moved steadily forward with a loud and ringing cheer. The men never hesitated from the first, but drove the enemy all time before them and advanced two miles into the prairie, exposed to a heavy artillery fire from the first, and if I had had a mounted regiment of my own command I could have charged and taken their splendid battery. Two detached companies of Thompson's brigade (Captains Langhorne's and Adams') did excellent service on the extreme right.

Night closed the contest, and another beautiful victory had crowned the Confederate arms. This success was of eminent advantage to our army, fought as it was when some were urging the old and horrible cry of demoralization, re-enforcements, and no ammunition. That night about 12 o'clock I withdrew, leaving Lieutenant-General Erwin to watch well the enemy's movements until the next day. He left at 8 o'clock the following morning, and our retreat was continued to Cane Hill unmolested and undisturbed. At Cane Hill, in the midst of a pelting snow-storm, I furnished a detail of 500 men, under Colonel Elliott, and Collins' battery, to report to General Fagan for an attack upon Fayetteville. He complimented them for their gallantry and courage, and they rejoined me the next day after making the fight.

With as much rapidity and comfort as possible the march was continued to the Arkansas River. I would here state, however, that after all danger was over, by permission of General Price I sent Colonels Hunter, Schnable, Nichols, and Slayback with their commands to Northwestern Arkansas to recruit both men and horses an gather up what recruits had been left when the expedition to Missouri commenced. After crossing the Arkansas River provisions were scarce, flour a myth, and salt numbered with things that were. Yet we got along as well as could be expected, and only when actually suffering did I ask of General Price permission to return to the Canadian and kill and jerk beef. After losing many valuable horses and resorting to almost every expedient to get my battery through, I arrived at Boggy Depot with my command tired, weary, and very hungry. Here cattle were procured, and the question of getting the guns along no longer disturbed the quartermaster. I feel proud that not a gun of my battery was lost except the rifled that burst in action, and I can safely say that no battery ever contained a more gallant or daring captain-one that would go farther and stay longer and fight harder than the one commanded by Captain R. A. Collins.

To mention all who showed high and noble courage on the field would exceed the limits of even a lengthy report, but Colonels Jackman, Gordon, Elliott, Hunter, Nichols, Schnable, Smith, Hooper, Blackwell,

