
Cravens, and Erwin; Majors Gordon, McDaniel, Vivien, and Yontz (who was killed); Captains Langhorne, Adams, McCoy, Wood, Franklin, Lea, and Lieutenants Plattenberg, Gill, and many others showed qualities which stamp them as soldiers, heroes, and Confederates. Colonel Schnable, whose voice sounds like a raging lion, is brave, cool, and will charge from 100 men to 10,000. Colonel Hunter is always cool, always ready to fight, and his judgment never at fault. Colonel Benjamin Elliott, the grim Massena of the conflict, never quits a post until all hope is gone ad death stares him in the face. Colonel Smith and Lieutenant-Colonel Hooper (both wounded) are men the Confederate Army may well be proud of. Captain Williams, of my advance, than whom there are no braver or better, and the young Captain Maurice Langhorne, of my escort, deserve promotion for gallantry on the field. Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson needs nothing here to establish a reputation already known over the United States. He was always with his brigade, and that was always where the firing was heaviest. Colonel A. W. Slayback won for himself a name and reputation for daring and gallantry that has no superior. Lieutenant-Colonel Blackwell, the scarred veteran of fifty battles, maintained his high reputation. Lieutenant-Colonel Erwin, always calm and cool, exhibited eminent abilities on the field. Capts. C. G. Jones, Heber Price, Toney, Elliott, Neale, Shindler, Ferrell, and many others displayed distinguished gallantry.

But why mention a few names when all acted so well? Amid all the trying hours of our perilous expedition my command never failed to rally and to form whenever and wherever ordered.

Although the expedition was full of hardships and suffering in some respects, necessary upon such a long and protracted march, yet General Price accomplished much, and stamped his expedition as one of the most brilliant of the war. Large numbers of Federals were withdrawn from Sherman; large numbers kept from going to him; vast quantities of Government supplies used and destroyed; five splendid railroads visited with almost irreparable damage; large levies of recruits made; many prisoners captured; a beacon-light of hope and help reared in the dark night of despotism and oppression; the Southern heart stimulated and encouraged; the weakness of Federal dominion tested, defied, and thrown down; the wrongs of accumulated years avenged, and a great thrill of electric hope, pride, strength, and resistance sent coursing through every vein and artery of the South.

General Price had elements in his command so weak, so helpless, so incongruous that no human hand could control them, and these elements were fastened upon him by the very nature of the expedition, growing and springing directly from it. Time will vindicate the greatness of the scheme, history crown it with the laurel wreath of fame.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri.

Owing to the unfortunate accident of having all my books and papers destroyed of this expedition, there may be inaccuracies in the names of places and the dates of events, but in the whole is generally correct.

