
Numbers 93. Reports of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army, commanding Shelby's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Bonham, Tex., November 24, 1864.

GENERAL: Upon the 6th day of October, 1864, while in camp on the Osage River, Mo., I received the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, Numbers 21. Camp Numbers 37, October 6, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Colonel David Shanks having been temporarily disabled by wounds received in his gallant forcing of the crossing at Price's Ford, Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson is temporarily assigned to the command of Shelby's brigade, lately commanded by Colonel D. Shanks.

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON.

In conformity with the above order I assumed command of Shelby's brigade on the morning of the 7th of October, and it is therefore my duty to report the action of this brigade from that date until the present time. Colonel Shanks was left in the neighborhood of the place where he fell and was captured by the enemy, which will account for the report of the action of the brigade from the opening of the campaign to the battle on the Osage on the 6th of October being made by another. On the 7th of October on our march toward Jefferson City we were rejoined by Colonel Gordon's regiment that had been detached at Westphalia to go by Castle Rock, and marching in the column under your immediate command we passed westward and in sight of Jefferson City to a position southwest and three miles away from the city and encamped. During this night a detachment under command of Major McDaniel, of Elliott's battalion, proceeded to the Pacific Railroad and destroyed the water station and several bridges on the stream, up the valley of which the railroad leaves the Missouri River. On our march around Jefferson City on the 7th the batteries in the fort south of the capital constantly fired at us, but all of their shot fell short or missed their aim and we had no casualties. On the 8th we marched with the main army and encamped in the neighborhood of Russellville. On the 8th Colonel Smith's regiment was sent to the Pacific Railroad to destroy as much as possible, and to proceed toward California, a town on the railroad. On the morning of the 9th my brigade was detached from the main army and ordered to proceed to the town of California, which we did, but found it already occupied by Colonel Smith. We were at California but a short time when we were joined by yourself and staff and ordered to proceed toward Boonville. While at California I ordered the water station burned, and our quartermasters and commissaries took possession of such articles as were needed in their respective departments, but I did not allow the men to break ranks, and no disorders were committed while I remained in the town. A party of men had been to the town the night before our arrival who committed some depredations, and Smith's regiment had helped themselves pretty freely before my arrival, but those under my immediate command acted like good soldiers.

