
me to report direct to General Price, as you were to go toward Glasgow, and the information furnished by Colonel Slayback was sent to General Price.

At daybreak on the morning of the 15th I moved southward toward Sedalia until I reached the main road from Otterville toward Georgetown, along which the enemy had passed. I have learned positively that a large body of cavalry had passed the afternoon of the 14th and had encamped beyond Georgetown, and that a large force of infantry had started from California the day before and were then supposed to be on the La Mine. I concluded that I could pass between these bodies of troops and take Sedalia and escape before they could interfere, and probably divert and delay them if they were moving to some rendezvous.

I, therefore, after resting my horses for several hours, took up the line of march for Sedalia. This town is situated in the midst of a vast prairie, and the only manner to surprise it was by a direct and rapid march. I proceeded along the main road in column with Elliott's regiment in advance, and we found the enemy's pickets about one mile from the town at the end a lane. We approached within pistol-shot before they discovered we were Confederate States troops, and the instant they fired Elliott charged, and over the intervening open prairie between the lane and the town friend and foe alike rushed for the lines of the Federals. Elliott and his men leaped the rifle-pits with the pickets, and the Federals near this point of entry immediately surrendered to Elliott, but during the delay in forming the other regiments of the brigade and getting the artillery in position, which I thought safer than a general charge, the enemy recovered from their first panic and drove Elliott out of the lines. Sedalia is defended by two redoubts at opposite angles of the town, and continuous lines of rifle-pits all around. As soon as the guns were in position and opened another panic seized the garrison, and nearly all of them broke and fled. As speedily as possible forces were sent to cut off the retreat, and in a few minutes more we were again in the town, and all who were in the lines at the time were captured. The guns continued to play upon the redoubts for some time before we found they were unoccupied, for their defenders had fled without lowering their flags, which were still floating. As soon as the town was in our possession I used every means in my power to control the men, to prevent pillage, and also to secure as much valuable material as was possible for the army; but in spite of every effort there was considerable plundering of the stores, but I confident the private houses were respected. The guns were kept in a position to command the railroad, and Gordon's regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Blackwell, remained in line to support them. Colonel Slayback's command was used as a provost guard, but the other regiments, having been broken in their charges, were less manageable, but still I am proud to say no outrage or murder was committed. The prisoners that we captured were paroled, as mentioned in a special report to corps headquarters.

Just after dark we took up our line of march to return to the army, but not knowing what reports might reach the enemy of our strength, we did not travel the usual roads, but took the by-roads, leaving Georgetown to the west, and encamped on Muddy.

We captured at Sedalia several hundred stand of arms and many pistols, and several wagon loads of goods suitable for soldiers. On the morning of the 16th I continued the march in a northwest direction, hoping to reach Cook's Store, at which point I had written to General Price that I would encamp, but hearing repeated rumors of the movements

