
of the enemy to the west of us, and at Brownsville being assured that they were in force about Cook's Store, I turned northward and encamped near Dans Fork. On the 17th I proceeded northward until I reached Waverly. Here I received orders to turn eastward to join the main army that had awaited the return of our expedition and the one under General Clark to Glasgow. I obeyed the order and marched to Salt Fork, east of Grand Pass, and encamped. On the 18th we marched in our proper place in column toward Lexington. On the 19th we were met by the enemy. My brigade was in front, and we drove him with varied but uninterrupted success until he was westward of the city of Lexington, when with a charge we drove him entirely away, and followed him until the darkness of night rendered further pursuit impossible.

In this day's action many feats were performed worthy of the pen of the historian, and I would not do my duty were I to fail to chronicle for history that the courage and steadiness of the recruits under the command of Cols. A. W. Slayback and John T. Crisp upon this occasion fully equaled the chivalry of their veteran associates under command of Colonels Gordon, Smith, Elliott, and Erwin. Those under Major Johnson also deserve notice, and Collins' veteran battery maintained their reputation.

After the pursuit of the enemy was given up we were ordered to proceed by the river road down to Lexington, and we encamped in the corporate limits of the city. On the morning of the 20th my brigade passed through the streets of Lexington and took its position in the column of march for Independence, and encamped above Wellington. On the 21st we moved in the center of the column, Marmaduke's division in front. On approaching the Little Blue River the enemy was found in position to dispute our passage. We were ordered to the left of Marmaduke's division, and having dismounted we soon forced the crossing in our front, and following the enemy from position to position, several of which were very strong and well defended, we drove him toward the town of Independence. I met General Marmaduke several times during this day's fighting, but his troops were so far to our right that I made no movement in immediate co-operation with them, but steadily drove the enemy with the Shelby brigade until nearly night, and entered the town in line of battle just at dark, having fought dismounted for seven miles. The brigade on this day displayed patience, perseverance, and true courage, for mounted men generally dislike these long fights on foot. The officers all did their duty and the men deserve especial credit. On the 22nd we left Independence at 9 a. m. and took the road to Westport. We were again in the rear of Marmaduke's division, but were soon ordered to take a left-hand road and push for the Big Blue River to force a crossing south of the main crossing. We soon reached the point indicated and found that the enemy had obstructed the crossing by felling trees, and were disposed to dispute our passage. A portion of the brigade were dismounted, and in the face of the enemy waded the stream and made a lodgment upon the west bank. Others soon followed, and we drove the enemy so fast that the axes they had used to fell the trees were left by them, and they were speedily put to use in opening a road for our artillery and the train to cross. The brigade continued to press the enemy (having remounted the dismounted men) to near the town of Westport. Gordon's regiment had been detached to accompany you toward the left, and the gallant fight made by it on this day was under your personal direction. While still following the enemy an order was received

