
turned its back to the foe. You had formed several of the regiments of the brigade in our rear to support us, but as we rushed back the stampede seemed to become contagious, and soon the whole command was in wild disorder with the enemy charging at our heels. It was impossible to rally the men as a body, but many brave fellows took advantage of positions to delay the enemy and let the others escape. The enemy pursued that portion of the men that remained with me to the village of New Santa Fe, where we turned to the left and met Colonel Slayback and Major Johnson with some of their men. We now assumed some order, but avoided the enemy, and moved toward the eastward, and in a few miles joined the main army, a portion of the men being with me and the major part with Colonel Slayback. We encamped this night on the waters of Grand River.

On the 24th we marched southward with on event of interest occurring. On the 25th we resumed our march and reached the Osage River about noon. We were here preparing to go into camp when your ordered me to form the men and move northwestwardly to hold in check the enemy, who were approaching from that direction. I soon perceived them advancing, but upon my forming line and advancing they fell back, and we passed over the ridge out of sight of the road we had traveled. Slayback and Erwin were sent to a field to our left, and Smith, Elliott, Gordon, and Williams constituted my main line. We remained in this position a short time, when an order was received to quietly withdraw and cross the Osage. I started the main line for the ford, and moved to a point to direct those on our left. Our movement was made very leisurely, and not until I reached the ford did I learn of the disasters of the past few hours. We were ordered to dispute the passage of the enemy and delay his approach. The dispositions were made under your direction, and we quietly awaited him. The party left at the ford were flanked on both sides and retired without firing a shot, and soon the enemy appeared on the south side of the stream. Our first line, composed of Elliott's and Williams' regiments, coolly witnessed the formations and advance of the enemy, and when within range commenced firing. The impossibility of loading Enfield rifles on horseback now became apparent again, for after one discharge the horses became excited, and when the enemy charged, which they soon did, there was nothing to do but retreat. The men held their horses well in hand and could have been controlled, but upon approaching our second line it commenced firing before we reached it and broke before we passed through. There was a third line formed by Erwin's regiment that had the advantage of a ditch, which covered the road, and had it not been for the check that he gave the enemy very many of the brigade would have been killed or captured. We soon passed out of immediate danger, and the men formed again very readily, although all regimental organization was lost.

Were it not out of place in a report like this I would here speak of the manner of rallying troops, for in this day's experience was the experience of many years of an ordinary soldier's life, and 1 watched the manner closely that I may hereafter, should necessity require it, know how to control men in a stampede. All ran, yet none were frightened, and as there was no discipline I found a quiet voice and ordinary remark attracted more attention than the vehement language and orders that some use. Our lines were formed and broken several times this day, but our loss was small. Each colonel retained a part of his command about him, but the brigade was not formed together after

