
the first line was broken. I was with one line and then with another, and came off field with Colonel Elliott after night had set in. Our march was continued to the Marmiton River, where we encamped.

Early in the morning of the 26th we were in the saddle, but our march was much delayed by a mistake in the road by the head of the column. The train was burned on this morning. After a tedious day's march we reached the waters of the Neosho, and resting the men for a few hours we proceeded to Carthage, where the army was encamped, reaching it after daybreak on the 27th. On the 27th we left Carthage at noon and marched to Shoal Creek, and got into camp late at night on account of a mill-race which had delayed the whole army, each man his portion of the time. On the morning of the 28th my brigade was given the advance, and we were directed to move on Newtonia and attack the force stationed there. We were delayed by the duty of checking the stragglers from our army passing to the front; but we entered the prairie in which Newtonia is situated without being discovered and moved up toward the town. When the advance guard came in sight there was great commotion among the garrison, and they soon took to flight, and the advance, under Captain Williams and Colonel Erwin, attempted to intercept them, but the distance was too great, and they only succeeded in overtaking and killing the commanding officer (one Captain Christian), who was noted for his bloodthirsty brutality. The brigade soon reached the town, but passed through to camp some two miles south. Colonel Erwin was directed to remain near the road to Cassville, upon which the enemy had retreated. We had been in camp but a few hours when our scouts reported that the main body of the enemy were approaching on the same road we had come. I was ordered to form the brigade on foot and proceed to meet them. I did so, and advanced into the prairie to a fence we were directed to form on; but soon we were notified that it was a false alarm and returned to our camps. We had scarcely commenced the ordinary duties of camp when we were again ordered out, and proceeding to the same place found the enemy drawn up before us on the opposite side of the small field. The firing commenced immediately, and in a few minutes our line bravely crossed the fence and advanced upon the enemy, crossing the field under a hot fire of artillery and small-arms, and drove the enemy into the open prairie. Not stopping at this second fence an instant, we advanced into the prairie and continued to drive the enemy, never letting them form to charge, which they endeavored to do. There was some mounted men on our right, but no supports near our rear, and I halted the line after we had advanced so far that we were exposed to flanking. We remained in this position until the enemy had retired their line, when we fell back toward our camp, receiving several shots from the enemy's artillery as we retired.

It would be invidious to speak of the courage and gallantry of any officer where all did their duty so fully; but it would be neglect not to mention George Collins, the color-bearer of Gordon's regiment, who carried his flag as high as both hands would reach in the front of the line. While crossing the second fence in the advance the brave Colonel Smith leaped upon it to cheer his men on, and he was wounded in three places at the instant, and was left at our hospital and fell into the hands of the enemy.

This was our last fight with the enemy on this campaign, and from Newtonia to this point we have had but to contend against cold and hunger and fatigue-those anticipated hardships of a soldier's life which task that noble kind of courage called endurance-and I am

