
greatly demoralized, and concluded it wasn't worth while to pray any longer under the circumstances. The guerrillas were on the alert, some at their horses, some in the church, and one, who was to be married- perhaps that very day- to the pastor's daughter, was standing at the window, making love to his inamorata. The guerrillas as quick as thought saw their peril, and with drawn revolvers they began earnest work, with a nerve and determination worthy of a better cause. The captain's whole force was thrown into the work. The women and children screamed with terror, and, rushing wildly from the church, exhibited a method in their madness by throwing themselves in front of the rebel outlaws. Captain H., whose presence of mind is equaled only by his gallantry, rode out an commanded the women to "squat." They obeyed the summons, and the work of death went bravely on. Five bushwhackers were killed outright, the sixth mortally wounded,and one or two, despite all vigilance, made their escape amid the furor and confusion. Wilhite and Estes were numbered among the slain. These were noted and desperate fellows,and their crimes are as back and infamous as they are numerous. Two horses and equipments were captured by us; five or six Colt navy revolvers. One man, Corporal Cozad, Company L, was wounded in heel and left at Lexington. One horse and equipments lost, belonging to Private James D. Barnes, Company D.

Justice to merit requires me to mention the names of Privates John T. Anderson, Company L, and James D. Barnes, Company D. Anderson was one of the advance who passed by the church. He received three shots through his clothes,one knocking the skin off his nose and one striking the pistol in his hand. He rode right in the midst of the scoundrels, and with great coolness and precision shot right and left, emptying twelve barrels and loading fur more, all the while directing the movements of other soldiers around him. Anderson was badly wounded a year ago in a hand to hand fight with Livingston, in Southwest Missouri. Barnes, discovering one of the bushwhackers making his escape, singled him out, charged on him, discharging his rifle flung it aside, and with drawn pistol spurred forward, chasing for half a mile the rebel who was firing back at him; Barnes holding his fire until he drew up on his game, was just in the act of shooting at short range when his horse fell headlong, precipitating the rider over his head with a fearful fall. The horse recovered and ran away after the guerrilla, carrying equipments, &amp;c., all of which was the private property of the soldier, and is lost. Barnes is a mere boy and quite small, but is as bold and dashing a trooper as ever looked an enemy in the face.

From Wellington, Major Houts scoured the country to Lexington, from there to Columbus, Johnson County. Here he ran onto six or seven guerrillas who fled at first fire, and being well mounted, and our horse greatly jaded,they outran us and escaped. The command returned to camp yesterday, 13th instant. Number of miles traveled, 175.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JN. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Cap. JAMES H. STEGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Central Missouri.

