
to the officer commanding the fort, requiring an immediate surrender of the place, and was replied to by him that his duty demanded of him to hold the place as long as possible. Being satisfied that the enemy could make a vigorous defense, and that his capture would require an expenditure of life disproportionate to the value of the fort if the attack was made by me unsupported, I sent a staff officer to General Shelby requesting him to send me a section of artillery. It was not long before he arrived in person with the artillery and the command of Colonel Shanks. Colonel Shanks was placed in position on my left, and his command and that of mine dismounted, and under a well-directed fire of the artillery moved forward in a charge on the fort. The enemy yielded, making but a feeble resistance. Thus by this action, without any sacrifice, some 400 prisoners were secured, together with a large lot of stores. Colonel Nichols captured the Federal banner-a beautiful one, indeed.

Immediately after the capture my command was ordered to mount and form to receive a force of the enemy that was already engaging Colonel Hunter on the extreme left. Colonel Hunter fell back slowly and in excellent order, and the enemy had soon approached near enough for the remainder of my command to engage him. He was met by a severe fire, which was sustained for about an hour, at the end of which time I was directed by General Shelby to fall back to the timber. I had no difficulty in holding my men in hand, and they fell back without confusion to the cover of the wood.

This was the first engagement in which I had commanded the troops of Colonel Hunter and of Schnable's battalion, and a good many of the men of my own regiment were new to me. As a matter of course I felt great anxiety as to their conduct on the field, especially as they were engaged upon the right of Colonel Shanks' veteran brigade; but my fears were soon relieved, and I am gratified in believing that the behavior of officers and men met the approbation of Brigadier-General Shelby.

During this engagement I lost 5 men killed and 37 wounded. My horse among the many was shot and abandoned.

The command moved all night, and reached Stony Point about 10 a. m. of the 25th, where we camped the remainder of that day and night. On the morning of the 26th we were again put in motion, Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols being detached with his regiment by the brigadier-general commanding to form a part of the rear guard of the army, the enemy having advanced and made a demonstration. The remainder of my brigade being in front moved on uninterrupted. During the night of the 26th Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols reported to me, and my command being again united I moved in the direction of Batesville, near which place I went into camp on the 31st of August. From this time to the 7th of September we were disturbed by occasional news of the advance of the enemy that caused from time to time a change in the disposition of the command, but still remained encamped near Batesville.

On the 8th and 9th of September, by an order from General Shelby, I moved in the direction of Hookrum, near which point I camped for several days. On the 14th I received orders to move to Pocahontas. I reached its vicinity on the 17th and encamped at Bollinger's Mills, on Fourche de Mas. On the 19th I moved to Doniphan, on the border of Missouri. The town had been recently sacked and evacuated by a small force of the enemy. Under an order from General Shelby I furnished a detail of thirty men to Colonel Johnson, who started in pursuit

