
and overtook him some twenty miles distant. During a little engagement that followed we sustained a loss of 2 men killed and 5 wounded. From the 20th to the 26th there was nothing to disturb the quiet of the march. On the night of the 26th we camped six miles from the Iron Mountain road and on the dirt road leading from Farmington to Potosi. On the 27th we moved across the railroad, which we found effectually damaged by Colonel Shanks' brigade, upon Potosi. The town and force defending it were already captured. On the 28th the command moved to Caledonia, and at 8 p. m. the brigade was ordered to join in the pursuit of the forces retreating from Pilot Knob. This pursuit was continued during the night and day succeeding. About 6 p. m. the rear of the enemy's column was overtaken, and my brigade was formed as a support for Captain Collins' battery, but night coming on and the enemy having secured a strong position, we were ordered to fall back to camp. On the 30th of September and 1st of October the command moved along the Rolla railroad, frequently halting to tear it up. The road was severely injured.

On the evening of the 2nd [1st?] we turned in the direction of Union, some ten miles north of the Rolla road, General Clark's brigade being in advance. We reached the town at 4 p. m., but before my line was formed the artillery opened, and the enemy taking the alarm, only an inconsiderable number were captured. In this engagement I lost 1 brave soldier. On the 3rd Colonel Coffee with his regiment was relieved from duty in the brigade by order of Brigadier-General Shelby and directed to report to Major-General Price. On the 4th, 5th and 6th I moved in the direction of Jefferson City. In the evening of the 6th my command crossed the Osage River and was ordered forward to join Colonel Shanks, who had already encountered the enemy in small force. The pursuit was continued for about three miles, when, not coming up with the Federals and night being upon us, I was ordered to halt for the night. On the 7th the command moved on the road to Jefferson City, and on reaching a point two miles from the city we turned to the left and halted for the night in line of battle fronting the enemy. By order of General Shelby Lieutenant-Colonel Schnable with his battalion was placed on picket duty a mile and a half from Jefferson City. During the morning of the 8th the enemy drove in his vedettes, and after making several unsuccessful charges upon him with superior numbers, finally flanked him and forced him to withdraw with a loss of 2 killed and 5 wounded.

On the 8th, 9th, and 10th we moved toward Boonville, which place we reached during the evening of the latter day. At 3 p. m. of the 11th I was ordered on the Georgetown road, five miles out from Boonville, to meet a force of the enemy making a demonstration there. On reaching the point designated I found that the force had disappeared. At 4.30 p. m. I received an order from General Shelby to move across to the Tipton and Boonville road, a distance of seven miles, and fall upon the flank and rear of a force of the enemy in line of battle there. Immediately on the receipt of this order I moved my brigade rapidly in the direction indicated, but meeting with a good deal of difficulty in finding the road, and being compelled to march through a badly broken country without a road or guide, I did not succeed in coming up with the enemy until about dusk. Upon discovering him I formed so as to strike him in flank, but before my formation was complete he commenced withdrawing in column on the Tipton road. I moved at once in pursuit and pressed close upon him to the bridge across the Tete Saline River.

43 R R-VOL XLI, PT I.

