
the sharpshooters of the enemy, but advancing steadily we drove them into their intrenchments. A large number of my men had secured shelter within forty yards of the works, where they annoyed the enemy severely, when I directed by General Clark to hold my position until further orders. A continued fire was kept up for several hours, when I visited the general for te purpose of urging him to move at once upon the fort. During our consultation negotiations for the surrender of the place were opened, which resulted in an agreement to surrender the place on condition that the men were to be treated as prisoners of war and the officers permitted to retain their side-arms and private property. This capture was a valuable one in the way of stores of all kinds and new and superior guns. About 800 prisoners were captured. While in this connection I would state that General Shelby from the south side of the river had opened fire upon the town two hours before our arrival, and was of great help to our assaulting column by his well-directed fire.

On the morning of the 16th I received orders to recross the river, and during the night of the 17th rejoined the main army, encamped on the Salt Fork of Blackwater. On the morning of the 21st we were in the saddle at sunrise, and moved to the crossing of Little Blue, at old Camp Holloway, where, by order, my whole command, with the exception of Nichols' regiment, was dismounted and thrown across the creek into line. This part of my command pressed forward eagerly, but did not succeed in reaching the enemy. The regiment of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols made a spirited charge upon the enemy's line, breaking and driving it back in confusion. The conduct of himself and men was highly praised by all who witnessed it.

On the morning of the 22nd, after having encamped the night previous at Independence, I was ordered out on the Kansas City road, with instructions to drive back the force of the enemy engaging our pickets on that road. When on reaching the point designated General Shelby arrived and directed me to turn to the right and guard the right flank of the army until the train passed, when I was to be relieved by General Fagan, and report to him with my command at the head of the column. At the proper time Nichols' and Schnable's commands were relieved, Hunter's and Coleman's regiments being directed to await orders. I moved at once with Nichols and Schnable to the front, when soon after crossing Big Blue I overtook and reported to General Shelby. I was directed by the general to move forward rapidly to the assistance of Colonel Gordon, who was being pressed by the enemy. I moved briskly across the prairie and soon came in sight of his force. Nichols' and Schnable's men fronted into line at a gallop. The enemy having fallen back to the cover of some small timber and in the rear of their artillery, which was playing upon us, I ordered a charge and the whole command swept forward in gallant style, driving the Federals, utterly routed and demoralized, from their shelter, pursuing them across the prairie, killing and capturing them in considerable numbers. They were completely broken, in their flight leaving in our hands a 24-pounder howitzer (brass), its caisson, and ammunition for it; also several wagons and teams.

With a squad of about 100 men I continued the pursuit for several miles, doing good work on the fleeing enemy. Upon my return to the field I found that part of my force left behind, having in the meantime been joined by the regiments of Colonels Hunter and Coleman, pressed by a considerable body of Federals, who had appeared from the direction

