
the entire force was engaged, and that it was outnumbered at least three to one. The general and his command were holding their ground in gallant style, though evidently about to yield the unequal contest. I threw my men into line at a full dash and ordered a charge, which was bravely executed through the retreating command of General Thompson. This charge was so promptly made that the enemy was driven back on his support. Finding myself largely outnumbered I withdrew, the enemy not attempting pursuit. During the remainder of this day's march my brigade, with a small portion of General Thompson's, brought up the rear of the army, remaining in this position during the night's encampment on the Marmiton River.

In this engagement I sustained a loss of 4 killed and 10 wounded.

On the morning of the 26th I furnished details to destroy the train ordered, covering with my brigade their operation and bringing up the rear the entire day. On the evening of the 28th, while in camp three miles south of Newtonia, I was ordered by General Shelby to move my entire command on foot to co-operate with General Thompson in repelling an attack from the enemy, who had again appeared. I was directed by him to leave Hunter's and Nichols' regiments to support the battery of the division, and to put the commands of Lieutenant-Colonel Schnable, Colonel Coleman, and Major Shaw into the fight. This order was executed at once. After engaging the enemy sharply for some little time he was driven back. The brigade sustained a loss of 10 wounded.

On the morning of the 30th Colonel Hunter, Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, and Lieutenant-Colonel Schnable left the line of march of the main army, by permission of the brigadier-general commanding, in order to give their men an opportunity of visiting their friends in Northern Arkansas. At the same time Colonel Coleman left with his regiment. On the same day Captain Williams, with his regiment of recruits, was ordered to report to me, and this command with some small detachments constituted my force on this recent march. The retreat from the Missouri border to Red River was a severe trial to this regiment, and under their sufferings a great many of the men became insubordinate and were disposed to complain unnecessarily; but a large portion of their suffering was the result of their own inefficiency. It was frequently a difficult matter to obtain details from the command to procure beef for its own use, and finally they became so refractory that they would not leave the line of march to look for meat for themselves unless when stimulated by excessive hunger. They complain that they were reduced at one time to the necessity of subsisting on horse-flesh, but my settled opinion is that this resulted from their own indolence. I make this statement as I feel it due in justice to Major-General Price and Brigadier-General Shelby. I will say, however, that Captain Williams is to be excepted from this censure. He was unremitting in his attention to the command and never hesitated at any sacrifice of time or labor to secure cheerfulness in it.

In conclusion I feel that it would be unjust to fail in mentioning the meritorious services of a good many officers and soldiers of the brigade, yet when such a number did their duty and some must be omitted the discrimination may be unequally unfair. I must, however, draw your favorable attention to Colonel Hunter and Lieutenant-Colonel Fullbright, the last of whom has been recently promoted to his present position, but who on every occasion discharged his duty with soldierly care and courage; to Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, who distinguished himself for his cavalry dash, and to Major Newton and to Lieutenant-Colonel

