
Schnable, who sustained his fighting reputation on every field, while Captains Marchbank and Rowland Wilson and Lemons were always conspicuous for their gallantry and won for themselves the most distinguished consideration. Captain Lemons was brave and energetic on the field, but deserves censure for leaving the command without permission.

The various members of my staff are entitled to my thanks for the constancy with which they everywhere supported me on this trying trip.

Major Beard, acting assistant adjutant-general, was at all times present where his duty called him, whether that point might be the post of danger or where the more tedious labors of his office called him.

I cannot close this list without paying a last tribute of respect to the memory of Captain J. Drury Pulliam, my junior assistant adjutant-general. By permission he had gone in advance of the army into Missouri for the purpose of recruiting a command, when he was captured and brutally murdered. I had been intimately associated with him for two years, and had watched him when his character was tested by every conceivable danger in the sternest degree, and the result of my observation was that I had never known a young man of more daring or chivalry.

The brigade upon the whole did its duty well. On the march into Missouri it was newly organized and poorly armed, and necessarily moved in the rear. On the retreat it was better organized and well armed, and I am gratified to state that it was thought worthy to continue still in the rear. I moved into the State with about 500 armed men and 1,500 unarmed, and, after the deduction of all losses, I came out with about the same number almost entirely armed.

I would do my feelings injustice did I fail to acknowledge the favorable attention which the brigade received at all times from the major general commanding and Brigadier-General Shelby. The last was unremitting in his care of the command as he was ever distinguished for his gallantry and ability when he was present to direct and lead it.

To Major-General Fagan the brigade is indebted for kind and complimentary words spoken when it acted under his control on the evening of the fight of the 23rd of October, and I take pleasure in testifying to the skill displayed by him while directing its operations on this hazardous occasion.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major EDWARDS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 95. Reports of Brigadier General John B. Clark, jr., C. S. Army, commanding Marmaduke's division.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION OF CAVALRY,Camp on Red River, Ark., December 19, 1864.

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following as my report of the part taken by my brigade in the late Missouri campaign:

My command, known as Marmaduke's cavalry brigade, consisting of Greene's, Burbridge's, Jeffers', Kitchen's, and Lawther's regiments,

