
Wood's battalion of cavalry, and Pratt's battalion of artillery, numbering in effective strength 1,200 men (equipments fair and horses in moderate condition), marched from Tulip, Ark., on the morning of the 31st of August at sunrise on the Benton road as the advance guard of the Army of Missouri. Arriving at the Arkansas River on the morning of the 6th of September, Lawther's regiment in advance, after a slight skirmish with a small detachment of the enemy's cavalry crossed the river, encamping on the opposite shore. On the morning of the 7th the line of march was resumed, the army moving in the direction of Southeast Missouri; crossed the Arkansas and Missouri line on the 20th; passed through Poplar Bluff, Mo., on the 21st; Saint Francisville on the 22nd; Dallas County on the 24th; Fredericktown on the 26th, making a junction at this point with Generals Fagan's and Shelby's divisions, which had moved by routes to the west of my line of march. The entire army arrived at Ironton, Mo., on the 27th of September.

Before arriving at Pocahontas, Ark., Jeffers' regiment, of my brigade, orders from the major-general commanding, proceeded to Southeast Missouri, arriving near Bloomfield on the 22nd of September. The Federal garrison hastily evacuating that post, he attacked their rear with great vigor, killing a number, capturing 75 stand of small-arms and 6 wagons and teams loaded with army and sutler's stores, reporting to the brigade September 24, but detached again on the 25th. After a spirited charge he drove the enemy and captured the town of Old Jackson, Mo.; but the enemy having been apprised of his approach removed everything of value before his arrival. He rejoined the brigade September 26.

The army being in front of Ironton, Mo., on the 27th, Fagan's division drove the enemy from that town, forcing him to take refuge behind his fortifications at Pilot Knob. I received orders to occupy Shepherd's Mountain with my brigade, which was done without opposition. During all this time, however, volleys of musketry and the roar of artillery gave us notice that a spirited engagement was progressing on our right, the position occupied by Fagan's division. The enemy having taken refuge within a strong redoubt, and showing no disposition to skirmish with us beyond its protection, it was determined to bring the artillery to bear upon the enemy from Shepherd's Mountain and at the same time make an assault, my brigade on the left and Fagan's division on the right, Freeman's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, having been sent against the enemy in some other direction. The signal for the assault was the opening of artillery on Shepherd's Mountain. The fort lay directly in my front (as was supposed) one-half mile, but found the distance to be at least three-quarters of a mile upon examination afterward. The descent from the top of the mountain was as rugged as can be imagined, and it was impossible to move the troops down it in any order, huge boulders, fallen timbers, deep and almost impassable ravines confronting the troops at every step, and the enemy's artillery opening with great accuracy at this moment upon our disordered ranks, I would not have been surprised to have seen all break in confusion; but with unfaltering courage they pressed forward, each one seeming eager to reach the enemy's intrenchments first. Owing to the irregular descent upon emerging into the open space around the fort the brigade was found divided, Burbridge and Jeffers on the left and Greene, Lawther, and Wood 150 yards to the right and connecting with Cabell's brigade. Thus disconnected (it being impossible to bring them together without great loss of time as well as life) the advance was continued. Greene's, Lawther's, and Wood's commands, with

