
JULY 13, 1864.- Skirmish near Brownsville, Ark.

Reports of Colonel Oliver Wood, Twenty- second Ohio Infantry.

BROWNSVILLE, July 13, 1864- 9.30 p. m.

The rebels, supposed to be 150 strong, attacked our pickets just now. We have driven them off. My force is so small that I do not like to venture beyond our defenses. This may only be the advance of a larger force.

O. WOOD,

Colonel.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

BROWNSVILLE, July 14, 1864- 5.45 p. m.

I followed the rebel force that attacked me last night to near Snake Island, about fifteen miles from here,in a southeasterly direction., where they divided in small squads and took different directions. I did not deem it advisable to pursue too far with the force under my command. I do not know what force the rebels belong to. One of my vedettes lost his horse,saddle, and bridle. We captured five guns from them. The detachment of Tenth Illinois Cavalry had just arrived. Captain Wilson will report his disaster to you.

W. WOOD,

Colonel.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 13, 1864.- Reconnaissance from Pine Bluff, Ark.

Report of Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., July 14, 1864- 9 a. m.

I made a reconnaissance down the river yesterday with 600 cavalry and 400 infantry, an five pieces of the Sigel artillery, attached to the cavalry regiment. Went fifteen miles down the river, at which point I found Crawford's brigade in line of battle in a very strong position. As my intention was simply to reconnoiter I did not deem it advisable to attack him. Not knowing what re- enforcements he might have in his rear, and my right flank and rear being very much exposed to a flank movement on his part, I endeavored by concealing my main force and showing but a small party in his front to draw him out of his position, and if possible lead him on to my infantry, which was posted under cover about seven miles in our rear. Failing in this, I sent for my train and had it loaded with forage during the night; returned early this morning. Fagan is at Douglass' plantation, about fifteen miles below where Crawford's brigade was yesterday. It is going to be very difficult for us to forage much more down the river. The only place that will be left for us will be upon the opposite side. I sent a dispatch to General Steele in reference to the expiration of the term of

