
by order of Major-General Marmaduke with the train up the railroad to destroy the Gasconade bridge, which was accomplished without resistance, rejoining the brigade on the 5th, and to the 6th formed a junction with the main army at Linn.
From the time the pursuit commenced at Ironton to the arrival at Linn, Freeman's brigade, of Marmaduke's division, was detached as a guard to the general train, and marched under Major-General Price's orders with the main column. On the 7th of October Shelby's division (in advance) drove the enemy from the crossing of the Osage, and Fagan's division moving up to his assistance drove the enemy within the fortifications around Jefferson City. Marmaduke's division being in rear did not engage the enemy. Moved in direction of Russellville on the 8th, Fagan's division skirmishing with the enemy in rear. Moved to California on the 9th, Marmaduke's division in rear, my brigade in rear of the division, Greene's regiment skirmishing with the enemy. At California the enemy suddenly dashed in upon the flank, but opening upon him with Pratt's battalion of artillery his attack, and under its cover passed the brigade, leaving Lawther's regiment in rear skirmishing with the enemy. They followed, however, only a short distance from that point.

Arrived at Boonville on the 10th, that place having been captured the day before by General Shelby's command. On the 11th a picket of 100 men, commanded by Captain Hicks, of Burbridge's regiment, was attacked by a heavy force of the enemy and rapidly driven in. Marmaduke's and Fagan's divisions, moving rapidly to the front, offered battle, the enemy retiring after a slight skirmish, the principal loss being in Hicks' picket, that officer handling it with great judgment and gallantry. Left Boonville on the night of the 12th; arrived at Arrow Rock on the 14th. On the 14th received orders from the major-general commanding army to cross the Missouri River at Arrow Rock with my brigade and 500 men of Jackman's brigade, attack and capture the Federal post at Glasgow. I succeeded, after considerable difficulty, in crossing my command, but not as early as was expected. General Shelby, with two guns and one regiment, was ordered to assist in the capture from the south side of the river, the attack to begin at daylight, but owing to the delay in crossing the river I did not arrive at Glasgow at the appointed hour, Shelby's artillery opening at the appointed time, my command being some three miles distant. Pushing rapidly forward we soon came in sight of the town, finding the enemy in line of battle to receive us. Colonel Greene, commanding brigade, was ordered to make the attack on the enemy, who were directly in his front and in rear of the town; Jackman to attack the enemy on his right flank. After several shots from Pratt's artillery, which was posted on the heights south of Glasgow, the dispositions for the attack being made as indicated, both commands advanced to the attack in a spirited manner and soon drove the enemy within his works, which were constructed upon a commanding hill in the heart of the town, from which the poured a destructive fire of small-arms in our ranks; but nothing daunted, they advanced under cover of houses, fences, and other obstructions to within a short distance of his works, preferring to force his surrender by a continuous fire from sharpshooters rather than take him by assault. After a fire on small-arms and artillery for two hours Colonel Harding, commanding Federal forces, sent out a flag desiring to know what terms would be granted to him in case he surrendered. He was answered that they should be treated as prisoners of war, private property should be respected, and officers permitted to keep their

