
side-arms. Accepting the terms the entire Federal force was surrendered, consisting of Colonel Harding's regiment and four companies of militia, numbering between 800 and 900 men, 1,200 small-arms, about the same number of overcoats, 150 horses, 1 steam-boat, and large amounts of underclothing.

The capture was complete in every respect, and made with much less loss than could be expected when we take into consideration that the disproportion in force was not more than two to one, but the rapidity with which Colonels Greene and Jackman moved their troops to the attack, and following the enemy so closely in his retreat to his intrenchments that they had no opportunity to punish us severely. Notwithstanding, we sustained considerable loss in gallant officers and men in crossing the open fields and before we could get under cover of the houses around the fortifications, the loss in this action being-killed and-wounded.

Colonel Harding, after consulting his officers and investigating the laws, orders, &amp;c., of the United States in regard to paroling prisoners, determined to accept a parole for himself, officers, and men that I had offered him, having stated to me previous to this that he would not accept the parole unless he felt sure that it would be regarded by his Government. All were accordingly paroled and sent to Boonville under the escort of Lieutenant Graves with his company. He delivered them at Boonville. (See complimentary letter to Lieutenant Graves from General Fisk.)

I do not hesitate in complimenting the gallantry and good behavior of officers and soldiers in this action, but call your attention especially to Colonels Greene and Jackman, commanding brigades. General Shelby gave me material assistance in the reduction of the town by a judicious use of his artillery and sharpshooters from the opposite side of the river.

After a distribution of as much of the property, ordnance, &c., captured as the troops could conveniently carry, I had the steam-boat which was captured at the wharf burnt, evacuated the town, and recrossed the river on the 17th and rejoined the main army on the 18th, not coming in contact with the enemy again until 21st at the crossing of Little Blue River, in Jackson Country. My brigade being in advance, Captain Stallard's escort (Marmaduke's advance guard), came upon the enemy's pickets one mile from the bridge on Little Blue on the Lexington and Independence road. Stallard soon drove them across the bridge, which the burned to prevent a rapid pursuit. Under instructions from General Marmaduke I sent Burbridge's regiment (Lieutenant-Colonel Preston in command) to secure the ford one mile above the bridge, and Colonel Lawther with his regiment to secure the ford one-half mile below, who soon reported the lower crossing clear, the enemy retiring toward Independence. I moved the brigade to the lower ford, but found the crossing very difficult and slow. Hearing quick firing to the front I hastened forward with Greene's regiment, leaving orders for the command to follow as rapidly as possible, and found that Colonel Lawther had indiscreetly attacked a very heavy force of the enemy posted behind some stone fencing which ran at right angles to the road and afforded complete protection against small-arms. He was driven back and in his turn assailed by the enemy, when I arrived with Greene's regiment. General Marmaduke having ordered Captain Stallard to support Lawther's regiment, Colonel Greene formed his regiment in line of battle, flanked by two pieces of artillery from Pratt's battalion, which was soon hotly engaging the enemy, Lawther having fallen to his rear

