
in confusion. Owing to the difficulties of crossing at the ford Greene's regiment fought at great odds unsupported, but they contested every inch of ground with stubbornness until the arrival of Wood's battalion, when the enemy gave way, but receiving re-enforcements drove us again to our original position. We were almost out of ammunition and the day seemed lost, but Kitchen's regiment, including Davies' battalion (Davies' absence from his regiment not accounted for), came up at this moment in as gallant style as veteran infantry and turned the tide of success, the enemy breaking and falling back toward his first position. A part of Shelby's division (Gordon's regiment, I believe) joined on the left of Kitchen and pushed hotly after the enemy, who, taking position behind the rock fencing spoken of, stubbornly contested the advance of Marmaduke's and Shelby's divisions for at least an hour, but finally gave way, Shelby in pursuit.

In this action Major Pratt, with one section of his artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Williams, did excellent service, and at a time of great emergency manned the guns themselves. Company B, Greene's regiment (Captain Polk), behaved with distinguished gallantry, resolutely supporting the artillery with only one round of ammunition for close quarters with the enemy. Colonel Greene distinguished himself above any other officer in the engagement. Loss in this action:-killed, -wounded.

On the same evening Independence was captured, my brigade encamping two miles beyond the town on the Westport road. On the morning of the 22nd, Fagan's division being hotly pressed from the rear, General Marmaduke sent me an order to form line of battle at some suitable point near my encampment, some two miles from Independence, as a support to Freeman's brigade, which was formed in my front some half a mile, Fagan's division having been pressed back, then Freeman's brigade, the enemy came within range of my artillery (Pratt's) half an hour before sundown, which immediately opened and checked his advance. Then falling back probably a mile, under directions from Major-General Marmaduke I formed my brigade in order of battle by columns of regiments as follows, Wood's battalion, Burbridge's regiment, Lawther's regiment, Kitchen's regiment, and Jeffers' regiment, to await the advance of the enemy. I was advised that the resistance must be stubborn, as there was heavy fighting in front, and the rear of the train was only a short distance in advance. The enemy having now engaged the army both in front and rear, and possibly elated at having driven the rear of the column over twelve miles of hard-fought ground, and knowing from the report of their guns in the advance that the relative position of the contending forces had slightly charged, notwithstanding the almost impenetrable darkness of the night, they rushed upon us with a reckless fierceness that I have never seen equaled, giving us warning of confidence reposed in the efficiency and number of their troops in case we were pressed to a general engagement. First Wood's battalion was driven back, then Burbridge's regiment, then Kitchen's, then Lawther's, and last Jeffers', who contended longest and last with this fierce advance. Thus passed this long and never to be forgotten night of the 22nd. The dark obscurity that enveloped friend and foe alike was only relieved by the bright flash of our guns, and the deathlike stillness that reigned in the forest around us was only broken as volley answered volley from the contending forces. Our loss was heavy, but especially in the regiment of the gallant Jeffers.

