
emergency. The gallant Jeffers with Major Waddell, of my staff, and many other officers, were captured. I succeeded in forming I suppose 500 men on General Marmaduke's escort (which deserves great credit for being less demoralized than any troops I saw in the rout), all of which retired in some order to the main column. The retreat was continued with occasional skirmishing until we reached Newtonia, which was the last sight we had of the enemy. As I have heard that odium was cast upon the major-general commanding for adopting the line of retreat through the Indian Nation, I desire to say that that route was earnestly advocated by me in preference to any other.

Having assumed command of Marmaduke's division on the day and after the battle of Mine Creek, and Colonel Freeman, whose brigade composed a part of the division, never having made a report of the part taken by his command in the campaign, I am unable to call attention to it i a specific manner. It is in my knowledge, however, that he did good fighting at Independence and Big Blue. His brigade was detached from the division at Maysville, Ark., by orders from the major-general commanding, and sent to Northeast Arkansas. The retreat through the Indian Nation was attended with many hardships, particularly to the new recruits; but as the army was without meat rations only two days we encountered nothing like starvation.

My brigade staff were prompt and gallant in the execution of orders throughout the campaign, calling especial attention to Captain Kerr, ordnance officer of my brigade, who behaved with distinguished gallantry on many occasions.

The officers of my brigade with very few exceptions behaved well in every action and deserve high encomiums for gallantry, among whom Colonel Greene stands pre-eminent.

It is impossible to report the loss of the division on account of the absence of Colonel Freeman's report. The loss in my brigade can only be reported in the aggregate. Attention is called to list accompanying this and also Colonel Greene's report.

General Marmaduke's staff, who have been reporting to me since his capture, are surpassed by none in the army for activity, promptness, and gallantry. I regret especially my inability to do General Marmaduke justice in this report, as many things of moment were done by the division of which I was not cognizant. His command have the highest regard for him as a general and are anxious for his return, as only troops are who believe in their leader.

It gives me great pleasure to call attention to the gallant conduct of Private Adams, Company B, Third [Missouri] Regiment, of my brigade, during the battle of Mine Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. CLARK, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FISK'S DIVISION, U. S. FORCES,Boonville, Mo., October 17, 1864.

OFFICER OF C. S. ARMY COMMANDING ESCORT

OF FEDERAL PRISONERS FROM GLASGOW, MO.:

SIR: This will introduce Captain H. S. Glaze, of my staff, who will relieve your escort and provide the weary and sick with conveyance to

