
my camp. He is authorized to receipt for them should you so deem best. Highly grateful for your considerate and kindly treatment of my soldiers,

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

List of killed and wounded in Marmaduke's brigade.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officer	 Men.	 Officer	 Men.

 s.	 	 s.

Greene's regiment.	 3	 16	 9	 101

Burbridge's regiment.	 1	 12	 10	 41

Kitchen's regiment.	 1	 9	 2	 25

Jeffers' regiment.	 2	 20	 7	 28

Lawther's regiment.	 1	 17	 6	 42

Stallard's escort.	 ...	 ...	 1	 7

Total.	 8	 74	 35	 244

I can furnish no report from Freeman's brigade. There is no report from Wood's battalion or Pratt's artillery battalion, both being absent from the command.

Very respectfully,

JNO. B. CLARK, JR.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,On Red River, December 19, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions I respectfully submit the following report of prisoners captured at Glasgow, Mo., on the 15th of October, 1864. I regret that the roll of officers and men captured were lost on the prairie in Kansas when it was deemed advisable to destroy a portion of the train; consequently my report with not be as accurate as I could wish. The officers and men captured amounted in the aggregate to something near 900 men, consisting of Colonel Harding's regiment U. S. Volunteers and four companies of Missouri militia. I informed Colonel Harding that I would parole officers and men if he desired it. He hesitated, saying that he was not certain that the parole would be recognized by his Government, and that he could not accept a parole unless he was certain in that particular. He stated, however, if I would grant him a parole until 3 o'clock that evening he would see his officers, investigate the laws of the United States and orders from military sources, an inform me at that time (3 o'clock) whether he would accept the parole. He reported accordingly, and stated that he and his officers were satisfied that the parole would be regarded, and accepted the parole. They were all accordingly paroled (they being furnished with a written parole) and sent with an escort at Colonel Harding's request to Boonville, where they were delivered.

