
parts of several regiments, reformed the line, supported the troops on my left (which were hotly pressed), and held this position until ordered off at dark by Brigadier-General Clark. The steadiness of my regiment in this action was conspicuous. Four times it was halted and dressed on the colors, and sustained its whole loss without discharging a gun. Lieutenant Archibald M. Jones and Private Shepherd, Company F, deserve especial mention for gallantry, bearing the wounded body of the brave Major Bennett, of the Tenth, from the field. About one-half of the effective total of my regiment was alone engaged in the assault-145 men. My loss was 3 officers and 26 men killed and wounded, among the latter class of which was that fine soldier and gallant officer. Major James Surridge, who was dangerously wounded in the leg, and whose horse was killed under him while leading the left wing of his regiment.

During the night the enemy evacuated his works and was pursued on the following day and overtaken on the 29th by the advance, to whose support I was ordered up, but after several slight skirmishes he made good his retreat to Leasburg, on the southwest branch of the Pacific Railroad, where he intrenched himself. On the morning of the 30th my regiment was moved forward to make a demonstration on the enemy's position to cover the withdrawal of the main column. At 10.30 a. m. I drove in his outposts, made feints on his right and left, attacked the fire of his artillery, engaged him for two hours, and retired with a loss of 4 wounded, and joined the column at Sullivan's Station at midnight.

From this point I marched with the division through Saint Clair to Union, the county seat of Franklin County, where the enemy made a feeble resistance and evacuated the place. Continuing the march we occupied Washington, on the Missouri River, and on the 3rd of October appeared before Herman. My regiment was in advance. Three miles north of town Lieutenant Graves, Company A, charged the enemy's outpost and pursued it to the suburbs, where I dismounted and took position on the extreme right of our line. At sunset I was ordered by General Marmaduke to advance, the enemy opening with artillery. I moved in line to the center of the town at a double-quick, where I formed in column, advancing on the battery, which I at once charged, the enemy-an insignificant force with one 6-pounded-fleeing and abandoning his gun.

From the 4th to the 9th instant I marched with the column. On the 9th the enemy was reported pursuing, and I was sent to the rear two miles north of Russellville, in Moniteau Country, and went into position with eight companies dismounted, Company B mounted in reserve, and Company A mounted to protect my left, which was exposed. Here I engaged the enemy warmly for forty minutes, when he attempted to pass to my rear by my left, and was gallantly charged by Lieutenant Graves and repulsed. I now fell back under cover of Company B, which was very creditably handled by Lieutenant McGuire, and took position on the left of the brigade, formed at Russellville. The brigade retired. Soon after the enemy appeared and opened with artillery and again attempted to turn my left but was defeated with loss. Falling back slowly I went into position two miles farther on and awaited the cautious approach of the enemy, whom my skirmishers constantly engaged. We were shelled at long range without harm, when throwing my regiment into column of attack and making feint to charge, the enemy retired, and taking advantage of his retrograde I continued the retreat, thus forming and maneuvering for the double

