
purpose of delaying his march and avoiding a charge in an open country by his superior cavalry. Pending these skirmishes he moved another column on our left, which struck our right flank (Marmaduke's division) at California, through which town I passed under fire of his artillery and formed one mile beyond in support of Hynson's battery, and finally moved into camp on the Boonville road.

During this day I was assisted by Captain George W. Kerr, of General Clark's staff, and it gives me pleasure to mention the fire conduct of this excellent officer.

On the 10th of October I made my bivouac with the main army at Boonville, and was the next day at 12 o'clock ordered out on the Tipton road to meet the enemy, then skirmishing near town. I was placed in command of Marmaduke's brigade on the field, and formed it dismounted with a strong line of skirmishers. The enemy in the meantime drove in our mounted skirmishers, whom I rallied on the right to cover that flank and advanced my dismounted skirmishers firing. I now ordered a general advance and drove the enemy a mile, who in his retreat left his dead and wounded in our hands, and I occupied the ground lately held by him. I lay in line during the night and the day following; returned to our bivouac at sunset; marched all night and the next day, and reached the vicinity of Arrow Rock on the evening of October 13.

On the morning of the 14th I was ordered by Brigadier-General Clark to march with his brigade to Arrow Rock and cross the Missouri River. The crossing was effected at midnight, and a short time after sunrise we were upon the important town of Glasgow, fortified and garrisoned by 1,000 men. The brigade I commanded was in advance, and by general's orders I left the main road and moved to the right, facing the town, while he moved Jackman's brigade by the main road. The enemy was visible half a mile in front of his works. I moved at a trot; dismounted rapidly; ordered Lawther's regiment to the right, above the town, to engage the enemy's cavalry and cut off his escape and communications; put Harris' battery, commanded by Lieutenant Williams, in position and opened fire.

My line was formed, with Greene's regiment on the right, commanded by Captain Johnson; Jeffers' on the left; Burbridge's on the right of the center; Kitchen's on the left of the center; and Davies' battalion in the center. A heavy line of skirmishers was thrown out. I was now ordered forward. The enemy fought stubbornly and took advantage of houses, fences, and every obstacle until driven at the charge into his works. We had gained a position near his intrenchments which seemed inaccessible, and while restoring our line he got possession of a building from which our right was much annoyed until Captain Polk, Company B, Third Regiment, gallantly dislodged him, but with heavy loss. The fire now slackened, when the enemy to avert the final assault surrendered. Though the loss in this engagement was especially heavy on Greene's regiment, its gallant conduct was equaled by the action of the whole brigade. Captain Crabtree, Lieutenants Yandell, Jump, and Puryear, of the Third, were severely wounded; Lieuts. Arch. M. Jones and McGuire (both of the Third), and Lieutenant Scott, of the Fourth, fell bravely, as as they had so often fought before, and deserve to be remembered as models of every soldierly virtue.

To Major Waddell and Captain George W. Kerr, of General Clark's staff, I was greatly indebted for valuable aid on the field, and I cannot commend too highly the splendid gallantry and usefulness of the latter.

44 R R-VOL XLI, PT I.

