
Nor should I forget to name the uniform good conduct and bravery of Privates Shepherd, Company F, Third Regiment, and Ellis, Company F, of the Fourth, who acted as couriers during the action.

On the 16th of October we recrossed the river and joined the main army on the 17th, when General Clark again took command of his brigade. On the 18th, 19th, and 20th, I marched at the head of my regiment with the main column, moving westward toward Independence. On the morning of the 21st, the brigade being in advance, cannonading announced that the enemy whom General Shelby had driven from Lexington had made a stand, and about midday my regiment was turned from the main road to the right for the purpose of crossing Little Blue River below the bridge which was destroyed. I moved rapidly across the river, and had marched a short distance when it was ascertained that Lawther's regiment was routed. I dismounted about 150 men, formed across the road, and immediately engaged the enemy, who was right upon us. Williams' three-gun battery was unlimbered fifty yards behind my regiment. The enemy, who was in greatly superior force, vigorously pressed his advantage. He was twice repulsed, when he began to flank me both on the right and left. The moment was critical; no supports arrived. Directing my wings to fire by the right and left oblique I took charge of the battery, firing Nos. 1 and 3 on my flanks, and then ordered rapid volleys of blank cartridges to be fired (the position of my men prevented the use of missiles). It produced the desired effect. The enemy fell back and was charged by us. He now rallied and opened with artillery; again advanced and was again repulsed. The fight was thus continued between unequal numbers, my ammunition was exhausted, the fortitude of my men severely tried, when Kitchen's regiment reached the field. I put it into line and directed it to fire by volley. The enemy fled to return no more.

Great credit is due to Captain Charles K. Polk, of Company B, who held the enemy in check on the left. Sergeant Woolsey, Company G, was conspicuous for gallantry during the action, and Private Shepherd, Company F, deserves especial notice for rallying his company and leading a charge against the battery.

I now marched to Independence and was ordered to picket the approaches to that town from the south and west. On the morning of the 22nd I was notified by General Marmaduke to hold my position until relieved. An hour or two after artillery and musketry firing indicated that the enemy was driving our forces and was near town, and I accordingly retired my outposts one mile, only in time to observe that the enemy was driving our forces and was near town, and I accordingly retired my outposts one mile, only in time to observe that the head of Rosecrans' army had penetrated the town and had driven our rear through it in confusion, and was pursuing on the Westport road. My position was extremely hazardous. I awaited orders until the enemy had almost surrounded me, when I moved on the Little Santa Fe road parallel to and within range of his column, who, deceived by our blue coats, held his fire. Three miles on that road I met Captain West, assistant quartermaster, who with an escort had been sent to relieve me, but was cut off. The enemy was still ahead of me on my right, which made it impracticable to join the main army, and hence I moved on for ten miles at a trot. Learning by the way that a body of Blunt's cavalry was then one hour in my front, turned across the country to the right and intercepted the train at Big Blue. Here the injuries and wound received at Blue Mills the day before became so painful that I was compelled to turn my regiment over to Captain B. S. Johnson, whose report of an action on the 23rd of October is herewith annexed, and to whom much commendation is due for uniform skill and courage while in command.

