
which protected the men from the enemy's fire. This position was held until night-fall enabled me to draw off the regiment. My loss in killed and wounded was 7 officers and 28 men.

It having been ascertained the next morning that the enemy had taken advantage of the night to effect his escape, the regiment with the rest followed in pursuit until near Leasburg, on Pacific road, when I was ordered to take my regiment and Wood's battalion and make a detour to the left and cut the railroad above Leasburg. I obeyed these instructions, capturing a station called Cuba, tearing up the track, and burning the depot, and from thence rejoining the command in the vicinity of Leasburg. From thence the regiment, in conjunction with the brigade, marched down the railroad, assisting in the capture of Saint Clair, Union, Washington, and Hermann, the two last-named towns being upon Missouri River. Our march from thence was up the river, past Jefferson City, to Boonville.

After a halt of two days here the march was again resumed, my [regiment] crossing the river with the brigade at Arrow Rock, and marching on Glasgow. This point was intrenched and occupied by about 800 Federals, protecting an immense quantity of stores deposited there for safety. The attack commenced about 8 o'clock, my regiment occupying a position in center of brigade, and lasted till 1 p. m. My loss in killed and wounded was 1 officer and 8 men.

The understanding relative to the distribution of captured property up to this time was that all should be equally divided among the regiments engaged in the capture. Yet on this occasion, though a large quantity of horses and arms were taken, my regiment obtained none of either, though at the time I had over 100 unarmed men in my command. My regiment was the last to leave town on crossing the river, and after the other regiments had vacated their camps I picked up more than sixty guns left by them on the ground. We rejoined the main army the same day on the Lexington road. The next morning our march was resumed for Lexington, passing near the town, in pursuit of Federal forces under Blunt, arriving at Independence, Mo., on the 23rd [21st] of October. The next evening the regiment was placed in line to meet the Federals from the rear, but was driven back, without loss, however.

During the day following, the enemy pressing in heavy force from three sides at once, the regiment was employed in different positions to protect the train. The enemy's pursuit was vigorous and determined, overtaking us on the Kansas prairies near a stream called Marais des Cygnes.

On the morning of the 27th [25th] dispositions were made for a fight to check their pursuit, my regiment occupying the extreme right. My men were armed with long infantry guns, which they were unable to load on horseback, and consequently were unable to oppose successfully the Federal charge, but broke and fled in the wildest confusion. My loss, as near as I have been able to ascertain, was about 40 killed and wounded, among the latter Captain Hicks and Lieutenant Armstrong, Companies C and I.

I should also mention prior to the above that Lieutenant McCaleb, Company I, was sent on detail from Boonville to Laclede County, capturing and paroling a lieutenant and 28 men.

My regiment engaged in no more actions of the campaign.

The march from thence to Red River was over a desolate country, where no food for men or forage for horses could be obtained. Its previous defeat and severe starvation now completed the demoralization

