
of my regiment. I have the honor to report now, however, that, in some degree recovered from the fatigues and hardships of the campaign, its numbers are gradually swelling and its condition rapidly being brought to some degree of discipline.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major F. S. ROBERTSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 99. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Davies, Davies' Missouri Battalion, commanding Seventh Missouri Cavalry and Davies' Battalion.

CAMP ON RED RIVER, December 12, 1864.

COLONEL: The following report is as accurate as it is possible for me to make it, having loss all our regimental papers. You will herewith find a report of the raid in Missouri, as follows:

On the 27th of August the Seventh Regiment of Missouri Cavalry with the remainder of Clark's brigade left Mount Elba, on the Saline River, and marched twenty miles; camped at Hagen's Mills. 28th, marched twenty miles and camped at Stony Point. 29th, marched sixteen miles and camped two miles south of Princeton. Here we turned all our wagons over but two. 30th, left Camp Princeton; marched ten miles and camped near Tulip. 31st, marched twenty-five miles.

September 1, marched seventeen miles. 2nd, sixteen miles. 3rd, fifteen miles. 4th, crossed the Forest Mountain and marched eighteen miles. 5th, this day we were rear guard; our road was very bad; did not reach camp until 12 o'clock in the night, having marched twenty miles. 6th, left camp at daylight; this day we crossed Arkansas River at Dardanelle and encamped on the north side of the river, having marched fourteen miles. 7th, marched seven miles and encamped on Illinois Bayou. 8th, passed through Dover and encamped, having marched twenty-three miles. 9th, marched twenty miles. 10th, marched twenty-five miles. 11th, marched twelve miles. 12th, this day we crossed White River Mountain; no water; marched thirty-three miles. 13th, remained in camp. 14th, marched eighteen miles. 15th, marched to Strawberry River; twenty-two miles and camped at String River. 18th, left camp on Spring River and marched to Pocahontas, thirteen miles, and commenced crossing Black River at 10 o'clock at night. By daylight we had crossed everything and marched three miles and camped. 19th, marched fifteen miles. 20th, marched twenty-five miles and crossed the Missouri line. 21st, marched twenty-five and camped at Poplar Bluff. 22nd, marched eighteen miles. 23d, marched twenty-two miles and camped at Bollinger's Mills, on Castor. 24th, started on a scout with Colonel Jeffers' regiment (Colonel Jeffers commanding), and marched to Old Jackson, where we took the enemy by surprise. We reached Old Jackson just before sundown, having marched forty miles. We killed 2 and captured 13 prisoners and 25 horses. 25th, marched twenty-five miles and encamped at Patton. 26th, marched thirty miles, passing through Fredericktown. 27th, marched twelve miles to Pilot Knob. Our regiment was guard for train while the fight was going on at that place. 27th [28th], Federals evacuated Pilot Knob at 4 a. m. 28th and 29th, in pursuit of the enemy; marched thirty miles. 30th, marched thirty miles and camped at Sullivan's Station, on the southwest branch of the Pacific Railroad.

