
October 1, marched twenty-five miles to Union, where we had a skirmish with the enemy. 2nd, marched twenty miles and camped at Washington. 3rd, marched twenty-five miles and camped at Hermann. This town we captured after a short fight. 4th, marched twenty-five miles. 5th, marched twenty-five miles on a scout. 6th, marched twenty miles and camped near Linn. 7th, marched twenty miles and camped within sight of the enemy's camp-fires at Jefferson City. Considerable fighting going on during this day. 8th, marched fifteen miles and camped at Russellville. 9th, this day we had a fight at New California. Pratt's [Hynson's] battery and this regiment were all that were engaged. 10th, marched twenty miles and camped at Boonville. 11th, at 12 m. this day the enemy was reported near Boonville. We were ordered out; the enemy had gained the position we were to occupy. We were ordered to dismount. We did so, and soon drove the enemy, and lay in line of battle during the remainder of the evening. 12th, we lay in line of battle last night and all this day until 4 o'clock, when we were ordered back to camp, and at 8 o'clock we were again on the road. We marched all night and only traveled twelve miles; camped, fed, and cooked breakfast. 13th, were sent on picket; relieved in the evening. This day we marched sixteen miles. 14th, left camp at daylight and marched to Arrow Rock, sixteen miles. At this place we crossed the Missouri River (Clark's brigade and Jackman's only). It took us until midnight to cross. We then moved in direction of Glasgow, distant sixteen miles. At daylight we could hear heavy cannonading, which afterward proved to be General Shelby from the south side of the river. At sunrise we attacked the enemy at the suburbs of the town and soon drove them into their fortifications. Finding it impossible to escape us he surrendered at 1 p. m. Here we captured between 700 and 900 prisoners and about 2,000 stand of small-arms. 16th, recrossed the Missouri, which took us all night. 17th, left the river at 1 o'clock and marched twenty miles in direction of Waverly and camped at midnight. 18th, marched eighteen miles and camped at Waverly. 19th, passed through Dover and camped near Lexington, having marched twenty miles. This night we were ordered to the front and lay in line of battle until midnight. Marched in the direction of Independence fifteen miles on the 20th. 21st, marched to Little Blue, where the enemy tried to stay our progress, but after a very severe fight we drove the enemy and followed him to Independence, where we camped, having marched twenty-four miles; seven miles of this distance we marched on foot. In this fight Davies' battalion, attached to this regiment, behaved very gallantly; saved one piece of Pratt's [Hynson's] battery, and driving the enemy from his position. 22nd, this day a force under General Rosecrans attacked us in our rear. Here we fought until 10 p. m., and held the enemy in check, then fell back about ten miles. 23d, at sunrise we were in line of battle, as the enemy was fighting our pickets. At this place (Big Blue) we had a short and bloody fight and were compelled to fall back. Here Colonel Kitchen was wounded. At 2 p. m. the enemy attempted to capture our train by a flank movement on our left, but were driven back after a short skirmish. We fell back twenty miles and camped. 24th, marched thirty-five miles. 25th, this day the enemy attacked us about 9 o'clock, but Pratt's [Hynson's] battery did such good execution that the enemy were compelled to fall back. About 10 a. m. he again attacked us in force. After a short engagement the command on our right, being flanked by the enemy, gave way; then the left gave way also, leaving the centre to receive the enemy's charge, and being overpowered were compelled to seek safety

