
Numbers 100. Report of Colonel Robert R. Lawther, Tenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,December 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by the Tenth Missouri Cavalry while on the recent expedition to the State of Missouri:

Marched at sunrise on the morning of the 30th of August from Princeton, Ark., moving in the direction of Dardanelle. Crossed the Arkansas River at that point on the 6th of September, continuing our march in the direction of Ironton, Mo., arriving within six miles of that point on the evening of the 26th of September. There learned that a heavy Federal force, under command of General Ewing, was stationed at that point.

September 27 moved promptly at daylight, General Cabell in front. He charged the enemy, driving them back in the direction of Pilot Knob, they occupying a strong fort at that point. After considerable skirmishing the fort was charged by Generals Marmaduke and Fagan. General Clark's brigade, of which my regiment formed a part, was on the extreme left. I lost in the charge and the fighting which succeeded it in killed and wounded 4 officers and 26 men, of whom 4 were killed. Among the wounded was the brave and gallant Major Bennett, who lost a leg in the charge. His loss was felt not only by his regiment but by the whole division. During the night the Federals evacuated the fort, marching in the direction of Rolla, Mo. Next day Clark's brigade followed closely in pursuit. The Tenth Missouri Regiment, being in advance, came up to the rear guard of the Federals on the morning of the 29th of September; immediately charged them, driving them back in confusion, capturing 25 men and killing 2. I lost in the engagement 1 man killed and 2 wounded. On the morning of the 1st of October our division marched in the direction of Union, Washington Country, Mo., at which point some 400 Federals were stationed. When arriving within one mile of the town General Clark dismounted all of his brigade except Colonel Jeffers' regiment and my own. Colonel Jeffers he ordered on the left, and I was ordered to proceed rapidly around on their right, cutting off their retreat in the direction of Saint Louis. On arriving on the Saint Louis road I observed the Federals falling back. We instantly charged through the town and succeeded in capturing 65 and killing 10. I had 1 man slightly wounded. On the evening of the 3rd captured Hermann with our brigade. Sustained no loss in our regiment. On the morning of the 5th marched in the direction of Linn. I was detached by General Marmaduke and ordered to burn the Gasconade bridge and the bridge across Bailey's Creek. On arriving at the bridge across the Gasconade I found the railroad bridge had already been destroyed by Colonel Wood. I destroyed the railroad bridge across Bailey's Creek and rejoined the brigade at Linn. On the 9th marched through California. The Federals attacked our brigade, which was in rear, shelling us as we passed through the town. I had 2 men wounded by a shell bursting in our ranks. On the evening of the 11th engaged the enemy at Boonville, driving them back. Had 2 men wounded.

General Clark crossed the Missouri River with his brigade on the 14th, and on the morning of the 15th marched on Glasgow, attacking

