
Numbers 102. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tyler, C. S. Army, commanding unarmed brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TYLER'S BRIGADE,December 15, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to the order of the brigadier-[general] commanding the division to report the part taken by my brigade in the various actions from Independence to Newtonia, I have the honor to report that owing to its unarmed condition the brigade was not assigned to duty with either the advance or rear guard of the army, but had been marching on the flanks of the wagon train for its protection.

On the 25th of October the army marched from the Marais des Cygnes. General Shelby's division was in advance, General Fagan's in the center, and General Marmaduke commanded the rear. As usual, my brigade guarded the flanks of the wagon train.

About 10 a. m., while marching with the regiments separated, my attention was called to an action then in progress in the rear. Large numbers of troops were observed pursuing a retreating force and firing upon them with revolvers. Rightly conjecturing that our rear guard had as imposing a line of battle as possible. Soon our retreating troops confirmed my conjectures in respect to the fighting, and at the solicitation of some of the intelligent officers who were retreating I continued in this position until the rear of the train had safely passed. I then assumed the duties of rear guard and continued as such until meeting the commanding general. He hurried me to the front to guard a park of wagons in the advance. Upon my arrival at the park I found the train again in motion and took my position on the right flank, as originally assigned. An order soon came from the commanding general to support a battery of artillery then in position on our right front, and being the senior officer present, to take the command. I formed line of battle as ordered, but before the enemy appeared received another order from the commanding general to march in advance of the train. After advancing three of four miles in front of the train the general commanding, trough a staff officer, directed me to form a line of battle faced to the rear. Upon coming up he informed me that our rear guard was being driven and needed support, and directed me to support it morally by an ostentatious display and physically by the armed men under my orders. Accordingly when our retreating rear guard appeared in sight I told my unarmed recruits that the commanding general looked to them alone for the safety of the train; that they must charge the enemy and check him. This they did and very gallantly, considering that they were unarmed recruits and had the example of so many armed fugitive veterans to demoralize them:

The casualties of the charge were:

 Killed.	 Wounded.

Perkins' regiment.	 5	 13

Searcy's regiment.	 3	 4

Coffee's regiment.	 3	 7

Total.	 11	 24

