
FIRST DAY.

SHREVEPORT, LA., April 21, 1865-10 a.m.

The Court met pursuant to the foregoing orders:

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry. Major Oscar M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general, judge-advocate.

Major General Sterling Price, Provisional Army, C. S., appeared before the Court.

The judge-advocate read the orders convening the Court and asked Major-General Price if he had any objection to any member named in the detail. He replied, none.

The Court was then duly sworn in the presence of Major-General Price by the judge-advocate, and the judge-advocate was duly sworn by the president of the Court.

Major-General Price asked of the Court to be allowed the assistance of Colonel Richard H. Musser, Ninth Missouri Infantry, as his military friend. The Court was then cleared for deliberation and the request of Major-General Price granted.

The hour of 12 m. having arrived adjourned to meet to-morrow at 10 a.m.

SECOND DAY.

SATURDAY, April 22, 1865-10 a.m.

At a Court of Inquiry then held at Shreveport, La., pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general, judge-advocate.

Major General S. Price appeared before the Court.

The proceedings of yesterday read.

The judge-advocate then introduced as evidence an official copy of the letter of instructions from General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, to Major General Sterling Price, directing him to make the campaign in Missouri. Said official copy is dated August 4, 1864, and is hereunto attached and marked Exhibit A.

Captain T. J. MACKEY, corps of engineers, was then sworn, no other witnesses being present.

Examined by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you in the campaign of 1864 in Missouri under command of Major-General Price?

Answer. I was.

Question. State in what capacity you served, when you joined the command, when the march began, the route it pursued, and the places where the enemy were encountered and with what results, from the time you joined the command until the end of the campaign.

Answer. I was chief engineer on the staff of Major-General Price. Joined the command at Princeton, Ark., on the 29th August, 1864. The march began from Princeton August 30, 1864, moving west of it to Dardanelle, on the Arkansas River. Reached Dardanelle on the 6th day of September, 1864. I was then directed by Major-General

