
up their magazine. We followed early on the morning of the 28th, General Price with Major-General Fagan's division reaching Potosi, thirty-two miles north of Pilot Knob, on the 29th of September. Major-General Marmaduke moved on the left northwest on the 28th, following the enemy in the direction of Cuba, a point on the railroad between Saint Louis and Springfield, Mo. Brigadier-General Shelby had already moved from Potosi on the 28th by General Price's order in the direction of Pilot Knob. On reaching Caledonia, twelve or thirteen miles distant from Pilot Knob, he moved west to cut the enemy's line of retreat upon Cuba. Headquarters with Major-General Fagan's division moved by Richwoods to Saint Clair, thirty-five miles northwest of Potosi, where they were joined by the divisions of Generals Marmaduke and Shelby. At Richwoods Brigadier-General Cabell left the main command on the 30th and marched to Franklin, thirty miles from Saint Clair, at the junction of the Pacific and Southwest Railroad.

On the 1st October General Price, with Major-General Fagan's and Marmaduke's divisions, marched north to the vicinity of Union, where Brigadier-General Cabell rejoined us on the 2nd. At that point Major-General Marmaduke moved northwest to cut the Pacific Railroad, to destroy the bridge at the mouth of the Gasconade, a point on the railroad between Saint Louis and Jefferson City. Major-General Price continued to move west on the Jefferson City road to the vicinity of Mount Sterling, about fifty miles from Union. At Mount Sterling Major-General Marmaduke joined him on the 5th of October.

On the 6th [7th] the advance engaged the enemy four or five miles from Jefferson City and about thirty-one miles from Mount Sterling, driving him into the city.

On the 7th [8th] retired from Jefferson City, by way of Russellville, to California. Camped at Russellville, seventeen miles west of Jefferson City.

On the 9th moved north on the road to Boonville. Our rear was attacked at California, a point on the railroad between Jefferson City and Boonville. The attack was repulsed.

On the 10th we marched sixteen miles to Boonville, Brigadier-General Shelby in advance, who had an engagement at Boonville, resulting in the capture of between 200 and 300 prisoners, with their arms. Major-General Price, with Major-Generals Marmaduke's and Fagan's divisions, reached Boonville on the 10th, where the command remained two days.

The enemy making demonstrations on our force at Boonville from the direction of Tipton on the 11th, they were repulsed and pursued for eighteen miles.

During the night of the 12th the command moved from Boonville on the road to Lexington to Chouteau Springs, twelve miles from Boonville. The next day, the 13th, Major-General Marmaduke's division, under the command of Brigadier-General Clark, was detached and moved in the direction of Glasgow, a town on the north blank of the Missouri River, crossing that stream at Arrow Rock. General Price, with Major-General Fagan's division and Brigadier-General Shelby's division, proceeded on the 14th to Jonesborough, about twenty-eight [miles] from Boonville. From that point Brigadier-General Shelby moved with a part of his division and a battery in the direction of Glasgow, to a point on the south bank of the Missouri River, opposite Glasgow.

On the 15th General Price, with Major-General Fagan's division, moved to Keiser's on the Salt Fork of the La Mine River, seventeen miles from Jonesborough and thirty from Glasgow.

On the 14th, from Jonesborough, Brigadier-General Thompson, with a brigade of Brigadier-General Shelby's division, moved south to Sedalia on the Pacific Railroad. On the night of the 17th and on the 18th all detachments rejoined Major-General Price, who had remained on the La Mine with General Fagan's division.

On the 18th the command marched twenty-two miles to Waverly. Our advance, under Brigadier-General Shelby, engaged and defeated the enemy at that point.

On the 19th the army marched twenty-six miles, engaging the enemy in force in the vicinity of Lexington, and defeated him.

On the 20th we moved twenty-two miles west in the direction of Independence in pursuit of the enemy, who had engaged us on the day before.

On the 21st we engaged the enemy in force on the Little Blue, eight miles east of Independence, defeating him and inflicting on him heavy loss. On that night we entered Independence, having marched twenty-six miles during the day. The command moved west twelve miles on the 22nd, skirmishing with the enemy on the Big Blue, eight miles west of Independence, the enemy contesting our passage of the stream.

On the 23rd engaged the enemy in force in the vicinity of Westport and defeated him. From this point we moved south twenty-four miles to the Middle Fork of Grand River, in the vicinity of which we had a skirmish with the cavalry of the enemy.

On the 24th we moved thirty-three miles to Blooming Grove, Kans., on the Marais des Cygnes.

