
On the 25th Major-General Fagan's and Marmaduke's divisions were attacked eight or nine from Blooming Grove, near Mine Creek, in the rear of the train, and routed by the enemy. On the afternoon of the 25th we defeated the enemy that had routed Major-General Fagan and Marmaduke after the enemy had been re-enforced by 2,500 cavalry from Fort Scott. This occurred between the Osage and Marmiton Rivers, and eight or nine miles from the previous fight of that day, the army marching about twenty-eight miles on that day and camped at Redfield Post-Office, on the Marmiton.

On the night of the 25th we destroyed about one-third of our train and a portion of our ordnance stores.

On the 26th the entire force, with the train, marched to Carthage, fifty-eight or sixty miles.

On the 27th marched twenty-two miles to Shoal Creek.

ON the 28th marched to Newtonia, seventeen miles, encamping three miles south of Newtonia. Near this place we engaged the enemy in force and routed him. From Newtonia, on the 29th, we marched twenty-six miles to the vicinity of Pineville.

On the 30th from thence to Maysville, Ark., on the line of the Cherokee Country, a distance of twelve miles.

On the 31st we reached Illinois River, in the Cherokee Nation, twenty-six miles from the last encampment.

On the 1st of November we arrived at Boonsborough, or Cane Hill, in Arkansas. From this point Major-General Fagan was sent with his division on the following day to attack the enemy at Fayetteville, Ark., eighteen or twenty miles east of Cane Hill, where the main army remained until the 4th, when, being rejoined by Major-General Fagan, we marched fourteen miles on that day and camped in the Indian Territory.

On the 5th eighteen miles and on the 6th twenty miles, to the Arkansas River, which was crossed at Pheasant Bluffs on the 7th; marched four miles.

On the 8th Major-General Fagan, with his division, moved southeast by way of Ultima Thule to Washington. Brigadier-General Shelby had on the day before moved southwest to the North Fork of the Canadian River. General Price, with General Marmaduke's division, marched ten miles on the 8th.

On the 9th nine miles.

On the 10th twelve miles.

On the 11th fourteen miles.

On the 12th two miles, to Gaines' Creek, where there was pasturage and subsistence.

On the 13th sixteen miles, to Perryville, in the Choctaw Nation, where we remained until the morning of the 15th, when we marched seventeen miles.

On the 16th seven miles.

On the 17th fourteen miles to the vicinity of Little Boggy, where Colonel Tyler left the main body with his brigade of recruits, moving southeast in the direction of Doaksville.

On the 18th the main army moved ten miles, to Boggy Depot.

On the 19th nine or ten miles, to Leflore.

On the 20th nine miles, to Little Blue.

On the 21st fourteen miles, to Island Bayou.

On the 22nd sixteen miles, crossing Red River at Kemp's Ferry into Texas. General Marmaduke's division there took the river route to Clarksville, Tex., eighty-five miles distant, where it joined the main body, which had marched through Bonham. This junction occurred on the 28th or 29th. We then moved thirty-six miles to Laynesport, Ark., where the expedition rested, the main army having marched 1,438 miles exclusive of the movements of detachments.

The hour of 2.30 p.m. having arrived the Court adjourned to meet on Monday next, the 24th instant.

THIRD DAY.

MONDAY, April 24, 1865-9 a.m.

At a Court of Inquiry then held at Shreveport, La., pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

Major General S. Price appeared before the Court.

The proceedings of the second day read.

45 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

