
Examination of Captain T. J. MACKEY, corps of engineers, continued by JUDGE-ADVOCATE.
Question. State the character of the road from Camden to Dardanelle.

Answer. From Camden to Princeton, for fifteen or sixteen miles crosses through a bad flat; the other portion of the road to Princeton, about the same distance, tolerably good, but at that time heavy rains having fallen all the roads were bad. From Princeton to Tulip, nine miles, very good road. From Tulip, the march of the next day, twenty-five miles on the Benton road, the road was good, with the exception of the last five miles, which led over a rocky and broken country. The march of the next day (the 1st of September), of eighteen miles, the road followed a rocky ridge, rough, but practicable for heavy trains. The march of the next day (2nd), crossing the Goose Pond Mountain, the ascent being easy, but the road was rough. The march of the 3rd, of fifteen miles, led over a mountainous country. On the 4th the country passed (fifteen miles) was rough, but the roads practicable. The 5th we marched sixteen miles, the character of the road being but little changed. On the 6th fourteen miles were traversed, the road being about the same to Dardanelle.

Question. How was the weather when the march from Camden to Dardanelle was made?

Answer. We had two rainy days between Princeton and Dardanelle.

Question. Was there, within your knowledge, any delay in the march between these points not occasioned by the character of the roads or weather?

Answer. There was, the march being regulated by the supply of forage, which had to be collected by detachments on our flanks and front. There was a delay of some hours on the 4th September, until Major-General Fagan, who had moved in the direction of Benton and who was in our rear, could come up. I know of no other, unless the marches were shortened, because of the condition of the draught horses, which was bad, but not worse than I have observed in all of the trains of the department for the last three years.

Question. Was there any delay in crossing the river at Dardanelle not caused by the necessity of raising the ordnance stores to prevent their damage, the character of the ford being considered?

Answer. I know of none.

Question. State the general character of the roads pursued from Dardanelle to Pocahontas.

Answer. The country was broken and rocky, the roads practicable for heavily loaded wagons, with easy fords, with gravel and rocky bottoms.

Question. How was the weather during the march between these points?

Answer. Generally good, but some days extremely hot.

Question. Do you know of any delay in reaching Pocahontas not occasioned by the character of the roads, the conditions of the draught animals, or the state of the weather?

Answer. I know of none.

Question. Give the general character of the roads from Pocahontas to Fredericktown and the state of the weather during the march between those points, and state if there was any delay in the march.

Answer. The country rolling; roads tolerably good; the streams all easily crossed; the weather good; I know of no delay.

Question. State whether or not there was any halt at Fredericktown. If you say there was, state its length and how the army was engaged during the time.

Answer. We halted about two days. The army was encamped. A considerable amount of property, consisting of boots, shoes, clothing, &amp;c., captured and purchased,

