
was being distributed and recruits being received and organized, one or two companies being formed. Major-General Marmaduke was marching. He, having a longer route to pursue, did not overtake us till the day we left Fredericktown. Six or seven forges were engaged during the halt in shoeing horses and mules and repairing the transportation.

The Judge-Advocate here handed the witness a diagram of Pilot Knob and its approaches, which is hereunto attached and marked Exhibit B,* and asked:

Question. Is that an accurate diagram of the country it purports to represent?

Answer. It is. It was drawn from a sketch made by me on the spot.

Question. You have stated that on the 26th September Major-General Fagan drove in the enemy's outposts. State where that outpost was, and the character of the enemy's works.

Answer. The outpost was Fort Curtis and vicinity, a decimated earth-work, commanding the road from Arcadia to Fredericktown, having a command of about fifty feet above that road.

Question. State in what direction the garrison of Fort Curtis retired.

Answer. North to Pilot Knob, distant a mile and three-quarters.

Question. What time on the 27th September were the enemy again encountered? Who commanded? State whether or not any reconnaissance of the enemy's position and strength was made, and if so, by whom made and with what result.

Answer. We arrived in the vicinity of Pilot Knob about 10 a.m. I informed General Price, who commanded in person, that I would make a reconnaissance, and with a guide proceeded to the crest of Shepherd's Mountain to a point about 1,500 yards distant from the work on Pilot Knob. The work was then firing southeast at our sharpshooters, who were showing themselves on Pilot Knob Mountain. I remained in that position but a minute or two, having been driven down by the fire of sharpshooters of the enemy. I observed that the work was situated in an open plateau, the ground between the work and the mountain being free from obstructions, and the road from Pilot Knob to Potosi running almost due north from the work; the armament of the work consisting apparently of eight heavy guns. There appeared to be but a slight ditch around it. The work being enveloped in smoke, I could not see very distinctly. I returned from the mountain and informed General Price of the location of the work; that the ditch was slight, the work appearing to have been embanked from the interior. I stated to General Price that the work was commanded by Shepherd's Mountain, the key to the position, in which opinion he concurred with me, he having consulted a map of the situation made previously by the engineers of General Hardee. I did not then, nor do not now regard the ditch of that work as being a serious obstacle to a successful assault. The work was an irregular octagonal earth-work, called Fort Davidson, the faces being from thirty to thirty-five yards each with a bomb-proof magazine, the garrison apparently being about 1,000 men. It was largely over-garrisoned. There was no bomb or splinter proof shelters for troops. The guns were in barbette. I then suggested the following plan of attack of the position, which was to place six or eight field pieces on the crest of Shepherd's Mountain by hand, stating that the guns could be placed in position in about two hours on a point 1,200 or 1,500 yards from the work and about 300 feet above it; that proper support should be assigned for those pieces; that while that was being done the work should be invested by the remaining troops of the two divisions of Generals Marmaduke and Fagan, with the remaining four pieces of artillery; that I thought the route north in the direction of Potosi would be the natural line of retreat of the enemy if driven from the work. General Price concurred with me.

Question. State what disposition were made by Major-General Price; what orders were given by him within your hearing for the conduct of the battle, and then state how the battle was fought and with what result.

Answer. General Price ordered an assault to be made; I do not know by whom the disposition were made. The troops were formed in the following order: Marmaduke's

---------------

*See p.708.

---------------

