
division on the north slope of Shepherd's Mountain, about 800 or 900 yards distant from the work; Fagan's division on Marmaduke's right, its left resting on Shepherd's Mountain on a prolongation of Marmaduke's line, its right resting on the west slope of Pilot Knob Mountain, both divisions masked by the timber on the mountain and about equidistant from the work, Fagan a little nearer to it. Dobbin's brigade of about 1,500 or 1,600 men was in position about a mile due north of the work on the road to Potosi, He was in position several hours before the line of attack was formed. Two field pieces were placed in position on Shepherd's Mountain abut 1,250 yards from the work. The other guns, eight field pieces, including two or three rifles, were in reserve with a regiment dismounted at Ironton, three-fourths of a mile southeast of Pilot Knob. General Price observed to the staff officers of Generals Marmaduke and Fagan that there must be a perfect concert of action in the assault; that the movements of both divisions must be simultaneous; that they must attack together, and enjoined that Generals Marmaduke and Fagan should communicate freely with him and with each other to secure perfect harmony of action. General Price had previously, and three or four hours before the assault was made, dispatched couriers to be mounted on the best horses to Brigadier-General Shelby, then believed to be at Potosi to march immediately for Pilot Knob with the double object of cutting the enemy's line of retreat, and operating against any force that might assist the garrison. These dispositions were complete between 2 and 3 p.m., when a few rounds, five or six in number, were fired from the guns in battery on Shepherd's Mountain. Fagan's division debouched upon the plateau at a point about 500 yards distant from the work, where his whole line came under fire. Marmaduke debouched upon the plateau about 600 yards from the work. Several (say five) minutes later Fagan's division, after advancing about 100 yards on the plateau, broke in the most disgraceful manner, and before it had experienced any material loss, with the exception of Cabell's brigade, which was on the extreme left, which moved steadily across the plateau at double-quick and delivering its fire under the fire of five or six heavy guns, two six-inch Coehorn mortars, and two or three 2-pounder steel skirmish guns which swept the gorge of the work upon which Cabell's right was moving; the enemy attempting to raise the drawbridge, but the ropes breaking the gorge was left open. The enemy's chief attention was directed to Cabell's brigade, which having reached a point in the vicinity of the ditch, and meeting with very heavy loss, fell back in very great disorder up the slope of Pilot Knob Mountain. Marmaduke, while Cabell was moving as described, moved from the southwest and west faces of the work, his command delivering its fire as it advanced. After having passed about 200 yards on the plateau in which the work is situated under fire of several of the guns of the work with but little effect on its line, the entire division halted and laid down on the dry bed of a creek about 250 or 300 yards from the work just before Cabell's line broke. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon the fight concluded, Marmaduke's division continuing to remain in the bed of the creek sheltered from the fire, the other troops retiring in great disorder, General Price using every effort to rally the troops in person.

Question. What was the force under command of Major-General Marmaduke, and what the force under Major-General Fagan, and what were their respective losses in the assault on Fort Davidson?

Answer. Marmaduke's division I estimated at 3,000 or 3,500, Fagan's about 4,000. Fagan's loss in killed and wounded was about 350 officers and men, and Marmaduke's about 75 or 80, perhaps somewhat less. My estimate is based from observation of the field after the fight. This includes the reserves.

Question. How long have you been a soldier?

Answer. With the exception of brief intervals, for nineteen years, and was educated for the profession; and since May, or 1861, in the armies of the Confederacy.

Question. How long in your opinion would it have required the ten guns of General Price's army on the crest of Shepherd's Mountain to have force the surrender of Fort Davidson?

Answer. Fifteen or twenty minutes, if using shells and the practice good.

Question. How long did it take to move the two guns that were in position on the crest of Shepherd's Mountain to their position?

Answer. About an hour and half or two hours; perhaps a little longer.

Question. State if the fight was renewed on the following morning (28th September); and if not, why not?

