
alry. Of the proceedings of the expedition whilst under my command I have herewith the honor to make the following report:

Early in the morning of the 14th the cavalry disembarked at Doctor Peterson's place on this side of the river and I assumed command of the remaining force and continued up the river as far as Buck Island. The island was examined and also both banks of the river in its neighborhood and immediately below. I was informed by residents on the Tennessee shore that twelve wagon- loads of arms and ammunition were ferried across the river to the opposite shore, from Wednesday morning to Saturday night of the preceding week, and that said train was protected by about seventy cavalry, under command of Captain Graham. On the west back additional information was received that there was a force on that side amounting to 500 to 1,000 men, as variously estimated by the inhabitants spoken with by me, under command of Colonel McGill, to supply which force the ammunition was taken over. They said that the stores were ferried over in small boats, subsequently destroyed by a gun- boat from Memphis, and that, in order to keep the crossing as secret as possible, the rebels had strict orders not to fire upon any of the steam- boats passing up and down the river. I found on the Arkansas side some empty ammunition- boxes (of U. S. manufacture), which from the marks had contained Numbers 58 elongated and Numbers 69 round ball cartridges. Also, below Buck Island, on the eastern shore,in searching for arms I found an old rifle and ammunition bag with C. S. belt, and a butcher knife,in possession of a man named Bennett, all of which articles were delivered to your office.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. SCHOENEMANN,

Company E, Sixth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.

JULY 14, 1864.- Skirmish near Bloomfield, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Infantry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, July 15, 1864.

Skirmishing occurred yesterday evening near Bloomfield between a detachment of Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia and of the Enrolled Militia was killed, and 1 of the Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia slightly wounded. They wounded 1 mortally, and slightly wounded 2 others, and captured 3 splendid horses and horse equipments.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant- Colonel.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING.

JULY 15, 1864.- Affair at Lindley, Grundy County, Mo.

Report of Major Rezin A. De Bolt.

TRENTON, MO., July 18, 1864.

DEAR SIR: On the morning of the 15th instant a party of bushwhackers,numbering twenty- seven, came into the little town of Lindley, in

