
Question. What is your professional opinion of the necessity of carrying pontoons along when navigable streams are to be crossed in the line of march?

Answer. I think it eminently proper. The organization of the army is not complete without a pontoon train. This judgment is derived from the teachings of all masters of the art of war and from my knowledge of the streams to be crossed, which were liable to sudden freshets. I deem the pontoon train essential to that army, especially as its subsistence was always in advance, as in the case of the Army of Missouri.

Question. Was any delay occasioned by taking along the pontoons?

Answer. No material delay; sometimes a brief delay to the rear guard by the breaking of the coupling poles.

Question. Was the pontoon train an incumbrance?

Answer. It was not.

Question. State the nature and character of the Arkansas.

Answer. From Dardanelle to its mouth it varies in width at ordinary stages of water from 200 to 400 yards, tortuous in its course, and liable to sudden rises from heavy rains above, with but few fords, quicksand bottom. Navigation above Little Rock very precarious; fords changing materially in the course of the day.

Question. Are you acquainted with his general reputation as an engineer and soldier?

Answer. I am.

Question. Tell the Court what was Lieutenant-Colonel Maclean's reputation as an engineer and a soldier.

Answer. He stood in the front rank of his profession as a civil engineer. His reputation was very high as a soldier.

Q. What do you know of the diligence of General Price in availing himself of Colonel Maclean's skill as an engineer, as well as your own, and his habits as to consulting maps, getting information as to the country, use of guides, and general judiciousness of his disposition for the marches?

Answer. It was the habit of General Price to avail himself of maps made by Colonel Maclean constantly, and also the published maps of the country. I was seldom consulted upon that head. His habit was to secure the service of guides and assign an officer to their special direction in cases where he did not himself know the country. The army was never without a guide to my knowledge, and it was a matter of special inquiry with me constantly. The order of march was invariably furnished at night to the generals of divisions, stating the hour at which the army would move, the position of each division en route, the position of trains, and general officers informed of the point to which we would move each day, and the position of the commanding general. Special, instructions, usually verbal, were given by the commanding general for covering the flanks of his army to prevent attack, the strength of the rear and advance guard regulated by the reported movements of the enemy. There was a standing order to march at daylight, unless otherwise specially ordered.

Question. Do you know of an order to General Fagan to make a thorough reconnaissance of Ironton and vicinity on the 26th of September, 1864?

Answer. General Price issued such an order on the Saint Francis on that day.

Question. Do you know what information Major-General Fagan communicated to Major-General Price on his arrival in the vicinity of Ironton?

