
Answer. I heard General Fagan express his opinion of the strength of the position of Pilot Knob to General Price, and stated that he could take it with his division alone in twenty minutes by assault, and urged that the assault be made. He stated that the enemy might send a large detachment by railroad from Saint Louis and relieve the garrison and the work unless we acted promptly; that the strength of the garrison was small.

Question. What was the information in relation to the enemy having forced prominent citizens into the fortifications, and was not that information urged as a reason why the place should not be shelled?

Answer. Information was furnished General Price in my presence by citizens of Ironton and Arcadia that the enemy had forced Southern residents, old and young, including boys, into the work from the college of Arcadia. These citizens urged that he should not shell the work. They also stated to General Price that these citizens in the work would not fire upon our column assaulting the work.

Question. Do you know of the message sent by Major-General Marmaduke from Shepherd's Mountain to Major-General Price while in full view of the enemy's works at Pilot Knob? Or state what was said by Major-Generals Marmaduke or Fagan or both of them to General Price about the assault?

Answer. I do. An officer of General Marmaduke's staff reported to General Price that he was instructed by General Marmaduke to report that in his (General Marmaduke's) opinion that with two guns on Shepherd's Mountain, where he then stood, he could take the works in a few minutes. I am not positive of the precise words.

Question. Did Major-General Price order the assault on the work at the earnest solicitation of Major-Generals Fagan and Marmaduke? State what you know.

Answer. He did.

The witness here desired to correct his testimony in answer to the question previously propounded by the judge-advocate, which reads as follows:

Question. How long in all was the march of the army from Princeton to Fredericktown delayed because of the improper organization or management or disposition of the engineer and pioneer troops, and their want of proper implements?

To which the witness replies:

About one day.

FIFTH DAY.

WEDNESDAY, April 26, 1865-9 a.m.

At a Court of Inquiry then held at Shreveport, La., pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry; Major O. M. Watkin, assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

The Court was cleared at the instance of the judge-advocate.

The judge-advocate then asked an order of the Court to summons Governor Thomas C. Reynolds as a witness.

The Court after mature deliberation directed the judge-advocate to issue the summons desired.

Major General Sterling Price then appeared before the Court.

The cross-examination of Captain T. J. MACKEY continued by Major-General PRICE:

Question. Did you examine the works at Pilot Knob, more particularly Fort Davidson, after the action?

Answer. I did, very carefully.

