
Question. State your professional opinion of the practicability of ditch and parapet for assault. State reasons.

Answer. The ditch offered but a slight obstruction and could have been readily passed and parapet mounted. The ditch was ten feet in width, depth, six feet four inches, the command of the work eight feet. The scarp and exterior slope had been very much washed; the inclination of the exterior slope very gradual, so that it could be easily mounted. I tested the practicability of mounting it by taking a musket in my hand after we were in possession of the work, springing into the ditch and running up the exterior slope to the crest of the parapet. I repeated this with fifteen men, each with a musket in his hand, no man having any assistance from his comrade. I called the attention of Major-General Price and Brigadier-General Clark to the experiment while I was making it.

Question. If there had been prompt co-operation of the two assaulting divisions what would have been, in your professional opinion, the result?

Answer. I am satisfied that the work would have fallen upon their first assault.

Question. State your professional opinion as to under what circumstances there is the greatest amount of casualty and loss of life to an assaulting column.

Answer. When the column of attack wavers and begins retiring.

Question. Were you present after part of General Fagan's column fell back and was rallied; and did you hear General Fagan ask permission to renew the assault? State what was said by Generals Fagan, Price, and Cabell.

Answer. I was. I did hear General Fagan ask permission to renew the assault. I heard General Fagan state that he could take it by another assault, and that his (General Price's) escort ought to take part in the assault; that he had thrown his own escort in. General Price stated that he would not renew the assault. Cabell remarked to General Price that it was a damned wise decision.

Question. During the two days' stay at Boonville, was the ferry-boat constantly employed in crossing recruits to the army from North Missouri?

Answer. It was.

Question. Did you see General Price's command in several successful battles? State where and when.

Answer. I did. At Lexington, Mo.; on the Little Blue; in the vicinity of Independence; at Westport; in the valley of the Osage, on the 25th of October, 1864; at Newtonia, Mo., all during the fall campaign of the Army of Missouri in 1864.

Question. Did General Price dismount the larger portion of his troops before battle; and what were his usual dispositions before battle?

Answer. He invariably dismounted the larger portion of his troops. His usual dispositions were to form his line of battle in two ranks, dismounted, when with nine brigades, one to be kept mounted on each flank, artillery posted on line of battle or on the nearest commanding ground, supports designated for batteries, reserve of one or two brigades at about half or three-fourths of a mile, varying according to the character of the ground.

Question. Were you present when General Price received information that the enemy was moving at the Marais des Cygnes on the rear of his column? If so, did General Price return immediately at half speed, first ordering General Shelby to the rear with his old brigade under Brigadier-General Thompson?

Answer. I was. General Price returned as stated, and such orders were given to General Shelby in my presence.

