
Question. Were you with General Price when he met the retreating column at the Marais des Cygnes? State where it was, in what order, and where was the train.

Answer. I was not with General Price when he met the retreating column on the Marais des Cygnes.

Question. What other dispositions did General Price make with the unarmed troops after the Marais des Cygnes affair, and what was the result?

Answer. On the day the Marais des Cygnes affair, while we were engaging the enemy between the Marmiton and the Osage, and while we were being pressed heavily by the enemy, General Price formed about 5,000 or 6,000 unarmed men and moved with them upon the enemy's right under a fire of shell, and the enemy gave way upon the advance of this force.

Cross-examined concluded.

The Court was then cleared to consider of questions suggested by a member.

Major-General Price again appearing before the Court, the witness, Captain T. J. MACKEY, was re-examined by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. How far were the pontoons carried, and were they ever used?

Answer. They were carried to Dardanelle, where four of the eighteen were converted into wagon bodies and the others burned.

Question. Was this information as to the enemy having forces into Fort Davidson prominent citizens of the vicinity subsequently confirmed; and, if so, how?

Major-General Price here objected to this question, and assigned the following reasons:

The question is improper because it is not necessary that the information should have been absolutely true. It is sufficient that the information should have reached the commanding general through the only channel by which that officer could acquire a knowledge of the state of things from citizens of the country who were well affected toward our army. If it appeared to be true, and was in accordance with the enemy's custom, that citizens should be pressed into their fortified places, especially sympathizers with General Price's cause, it is sufficient. It is a well-established principle of military criticism that a general is not to be judged by the state of facts that actually existed at the given time, but by such facts as appeared to him to exist from the best information he could gain.

The Court was then cleared for deliberation, and decided that the question be put.

The witness proceeded to answer:

After the retreat of the enemy I met a few citizens who were in the fort during the fight, who stated that they had been forced into it. The dead bodies of persons in citizens' dress were found in and around the work. These persons were identified as citizens by women after the fight.

By a MEMBER:

Question. What was the state of discipline in General Price's army during the campaign?

Answer. Not very good.

Question. You have already testified to the causes of delay during the march between Princeton and Potosi. Please state how many days were lost, and could this delay have been provided against?

Answer. Four or five days. This is only an approximate estimate, including delay from all causes. I think this could not have been provided against by any means within the control of the commanding general.

