
Question. How many cannon were fired at Fort Davidson from Shepherd's Mountain, and with what effect? What description of guns and caliber?

Answer. Two or three pieces. On the day of the assault two shells burst in or at the work. I cannot state with what effect, nor can I give a description of the guns.

Question. Were fascines or other material prepared for facilitating the passage of the ditch?

Answer. None whatever. After the assault I prepared a number of scaling ladders.

Question. You say that General Price on the morning of the 28th August ordered the pursuit of the enemy, who had evacuated Fort Davidson during the night. Do you know if any of them were overtaken and captured? If so, how many?

Answer. I cannot say of my ow knowledge that they were overtaken.

Question. To what point did the enemy retreat, but what road, and when did he reach his destination?

Answer. He retreated to a point on the Southwest Branch of the Pacific Railroad. He moved from Pilot Knob along the Potosi road. In the vicinity of Caledonia he took the road to Steelville. I cannot say when he reached his destination.

Question. Did General Shelby return in time from Potosi to take any measures for intercepting or pursuing the retreating Federals?

Answer. He did not return in time to intercept them. He pursued them.

Question. When you felt convinced that the officer in command of the engineer company was a confirmed cripple, did you report the fact to Major-General Price; and if so, what action did he take?

Answer. I reported the fact to General Price, who stated that I had better put some other officer in command and that he would approve it.

Question. Did General Price have any of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad destroyed; and if so, how many miles of it?

Answer. He ordered the destruction of it in my presence. I know not if the order was executed or not.

Question (by a MEMBER): Did General Price give instructions for the destruction of any of the railroads in North Missouri? And if so, state what roads and then state the number of miles of each that were destroyed and where.

Answer. He did, of the North Missouri Railroad and the Hannibal and Saint Joseph. I cannot state the number of miles of each that were destroyed and where.

Major-General Price then asked the permission of the Court to propound to the witness the questions which follow. The Court was cleared, and after deliberation decided that the questions be asked; whereupon Major-General Price again appeared before the Court.

Question. You state the discipline of the command was not good. Does this statement relate to the time of General Price assuming the command or subsequently?

Answer. To both.

Question. Was the discipline at any time worse than usual with troops of that character in an enemy's country?

Answer. It was not.

Question. What was the character of the troops which joined General Price at the second rendezvous in North Arkansas?

