
Answer. General Shelby's old brigade and a large body of recruits, consisting of citizens of that section of that section, conscripts, absentees without leave from their commands, and deserters, and but a few volunteers. Shelby's command was never in a high state of discipline, but reliable in battle. They were the right arm of the army. The larger parts of the command that joined us there were of recruits, conscripts, and absentees.

Question. Do you know of General Price sending a detachment from Boonville to destroy the Perruque bridge, on the North Missouri Railroad; and if so, to whom were the orders given? Give the names and character.

Answer. They were given to Colonels Anderson and Quantrill. They were the most distinguished partisan leaders, and were the terror of the enemy in that section and accustomed to operating on railroads.

The hour of 2 o'clock having arrived, the Court adjourned to meet at 9 a.m. to-morrow, the 27th instant.

SIXTH DAY.

THURSDAY, April 27, 1865-9 a.m.

At a Court of Inquiry then held at Shreveport, La., pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

The record of the previous day's proceedings was read.

The judge-advocate stated to the Court that on yesterday he had sent a summons to appear as a witness to Governor Thomas C. Reynolds, as directed by the Court, a copy of which is hereunto attached and marked Exhibit E,* to which summons said Governor Reynolds replied by the following letter:

SHREVEPORT, LA., April 27, 1865.

Major O. M. WATKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Judge-Advocate, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: Your letter of yesterday, informing me that the Court of Inquiry ordered at General Price's instances desired my attendance as a witness, has been received. Although the order convening the Court does not direct any investigation of the statements published by me in reference to General Price, yet as it was occasioned by them, and I have been and may hereafter be in consultation with you in reference to the inquiry, delicacy prompts me to exercise my legal right of declining to testify in the case. I do so with the greatest respect to the Court and yourself.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS.

The judge-advocate submitted this letter to the Court and asked that the Court be cleared to consider it. The Court was accordingly cleared.

The Court decided that it had not the right to compel the attendance of Governor Reynolds, as he did not belong to the line or staff of the army.

General Price appeared before the Court.

The judge-advocate represented to the Court that he was in no way connected with the campaign to be investigated. That when it was conducted he was serving far from the scenes of its operations, and that when ordered on the Court he had no knowledge of the matters to be investigated, with the exception of what could be gleaned from unofficial and ex parte statements contained in the newspapers of the day.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

