
That Governor Reynolds, of Missouri, served throughout the campaign, and that Major-General Price, in his cross-examination, makes reference to charges contained in a letter or circular published by Governor Reynolds before this Court was asked for or ordered. He therefore requests the Court to permit Governor Reynolds to be present during the taking of such testimony as the Court may not deem necessary to be kept from the knowledge of one of his high official position in order that the judge-advocate for his own information may consult with him more intelligently on the facts and circumstances to be scrutinized by the Court.

The Court was cleared for deliberation. The request of the judge-advocate was refused, inasmuch as Governor Reynolds does not appear in the attitude of prosecutor, and the Court sits with its doors closed at all times to all persons except those absolutely necessary for the transaction of its business.

General Price again appeared before the Court.

The judge-advocate announced the decision of the Court.

Major JAMES R. SHALER, assistant adjutant-general, was then sworn and examined by the judge-advocate, no other witness being present:

Question. Were you in the campaign in Missouri in the autumn of 1864 under command of Major-General Price; and if so, in what capacity you served, when you joined the command, and when you left it?

Answer. Yes; I was the inspector-general of that army and on the staff of Major-General Price. I served in that capacity on the staff of Major-General Price from May, 1864, to December of that year.

Question. State the organization of the army under command of Major-General Price while operating in Missouri in September and October of 1864 at the beginning of the campaign, and give any material changes that were made during the campaign.

Answer. At the commencement of the march it wa composed of Major-General Fagan's division and a battalion of three companies; Major-General Marmaduke's division of one brigade of Louisiana troops ordered to report to General Marmaduke, but failed to do so. Upon the arrival of the army at Pocahontas the army was reorganized, and upon leaving that place was composed of three divisions. Major-General Fagan's, composed of four brigades and a battalion of three companies, Major-General Marmaduke's of two brigades, and Brigadier-General Shelby's of two brigades. To Brigadier-General Cabell's and Colonel Slemons' brigades, in Major-General Fagan's division, there were attached two pieces of artillery, making four in all for the division. Major-General Marmaduke's division had a battalion of artillery attached to it composed of two batteries, three pieces in each battery. Brigadier-General Shelby's division had one battery of four pieces and one company as a body guard of the commanding general of the army. After arriving at Boonville a brigade of Missouri recruits of two regiments was formed and placed under the command of Colonel Tyler and became a part of Marmaduke's division. Besides these there were companies of partisan troops reported by their leaders to General Price, but never became a part of the regular organization.

Question. State the caliber and character of the artillery in the Army of Missouri.

Answer. I cannot state it with accuracy. They were field pieces, some of them rifled. Two of Brigadier-General Shelby's pieces were Parrott guns; the caliber I do not recollect.

Question. State the discipline of the troops when the campaign began and during it to its conclusion.

Answer. There was no discipline when it began and during the campaign, and at its conclusion there was all the disorder that must necessary obtain in an undisciplined command.

