
this county, and robbed the citizens of money, horses, guns, and pistols. They were pursued by Captain E. L. Winters with what men he could hastily collect, and overtaken some eight miles from the place robbed. A fight ensued,in which 5 of Captain Winters' men were wounded. The bushwhackers again fled. The captain overhauled them again in the afternoon and fought them, in which he had 1 man killed and 1 mortally wounded. The bushwhackers were all well armed, with from two to four revolvers and one and two shotguns each. Our men were but poorly armed and were scare of ammunition. How long, oh, how long must we suffer with these fiends in human shape! If the loyal Enrolled Missouri Militia were armed they would soon stop this bushwhacking. Why this is not done I cannot imagine. We need help, and we look to those in power to furnish it, and if aid is not furnished soon I fear the loyal men will take the matter in their own hands. Then, I fear, they would violate the orders of Provost- Marshal McIlwrath, who, I fear, if not thoroughly loyal to the core; at least, he acts very favorable to rebels, as I am informed.

Hoping that aid to loyal men will soon be furnished,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. DE BOLT,

Chairman of County Com. of Safety for Grundy County, Mo.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.

JULY 17-18, 1864.- Expedition from Baton Rouge to Davison's Ford, near Clinton, La.

Report of Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Baton Rouge, July 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of the 17th instant I left camp with 400 men and proceeded toward the Comite River by the Greenwell Springs road. I crossed the Comite at Roberts' Ford. At abut one mile beyond the ford my advance met a wagon loaded with cotton and guarded by a rebel soldier, who was shot in attempting to escape. The cotton was sent to camp. I moved on from sent to a ferry captured 4 men who were floating cotton down the river. From here I continued on in the direction of Clinton to near Davison's Ford. In order to deceive the inhabitants with regard to my movements, I turned back from this point and camped at Burlington. At daylight I sent a force of about seventy men to Davison's Ford, and two hours after I put another party over the river at Burlington to cooperate with the first party, which had orders to come down on the east side of the river. At 11.30 a. m. both parties returned to Burlington. They had encountered a small rebel force and killed 1 and captured 5. As soon as this party could be ferried across the river I started for camp, where I arrived at 5.30 p. m. yesterday. On my way in I learned that a quantity of cotton was deposited at the house of one Graham, and that it was apart of the same lot which I found the

