
Question. Were any measures adopted by General Price to secure discipline? If there were, state what measures.

Answer. Yes; orders were issued by General Price which, if carried out, would have secured order; but it was impossible to carry them into execution literally with such a command.

Question. State whether or not any depredations or outrages were committed by the soldiers of General Price's command during the campaign; and if so, state their character and general extent.

Answer. Yes, there were. The soldiers commenced plundering at Arcadia, and from there throughout the whole expedition. Wherever supplies were to be found there was more or less plundering. There seemed to be a desire upon the part of the troops generally not to molest persons of Southern proclivities, but whenever persons disposed to be favorable to the Federal cause were found their property was taken. All kinds of property was taken.

Question. State whether these outrages were committed by soldiers while on the march under the eye of their officers, or by what class of soldiers.

Answer. They were generally committed by soldiers who left the column, some straggling and some under permission of their immediate commanders. The captains of companies, regimental, brigade, and division commanders all gave permission to scout, and by such parties many depredations were committed.

Question. Were any measures adopted by General Price to prevent these outrages? If so, state what they were, and were any efforts made by him to punish such offenders? If there were, state the character of such efforts.

Answer. A provost guard was organized in each brigade and a provost-marshal-general appointed for the army. Provost-marshals of brigades reported to their provost-marshals of divisions, and they to the provost-marshal-general, who was directed by Major-General Price to call for whatever number of troops he required to prevent these outrages. Stringent orders were repeatedly given with reference both to stragglers and to private property, directing their arrest in all cases. In case of resistance on their part, that they should be shot down. In many instances General Price in person directed the arrest of persons with stolen property in their possession. General Price instituted a court-martial at or about Pocahontas. There were no other measures adopted that I can think of at present.

The hour of 3 p.m. having arrived, the Court then adjourned to meet again to-morrow, the 28th instant, at 9 a.m.

SEVENTH DAY.

The Court assembled at 9.15 a.m. on Friday, April 28, 1865, pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

Major General Sterling Price appeared before the Court.

Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry, was absent.

The proceedings of yesterday were read, after which the judge-advocate read to the Court the following note-

SHREVEPORT, LA., April 28, 1865.

Major O. M. WATKINS,

Judge-Advocate, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: Colonel Luckett was quite sick this morning and will not be able to attend Court to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. TAYLOR,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

