
and asked that the Court adjourn because of the illness of Colonel Luckett until Monday next. The Court then adjourned to meet again at 9 o'clock on Monday next, the 1st of May, 1865.

EIGHTH DAY.

The Court met at 9 a.m. on Monday, May 1, 1865, pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

Major General S. Price appeared before the Court.

Proceedings of the seventh day were read.

The judge-advocate stated to the Court that he was informed by Surg. C. M. Taylor that Colonel Luckett was still too ill to attend Court.

The Court then at 9.15 a.m. adjourned to meet at 9 a.m. on to-morrow, the 2nd day of May, 1865.

NINTH DAY.

The Court met at 9 a.m. on Tuesday, May 2, 1865, pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S.; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general and judge-advocate.

Major General S. Price appeared before the Court.

Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry, absent.

The judge-advocate read the proceedings of yesterday, and also the following note from Surg. C. M. Taylor:

OFFICE OF DIRECTOR, GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Shreveport, La., May 1, 1865.

Major O. M. WATKINS,

Judge-Advocate:

MAJOR: I have been prescribing for Colonel Luckett for some times past, and I am satisfied that he will not be able to continue as a member of the Court without serious injury to his health, and I have recommended that he apply for leave of absence for sixty days, and have given a certificate upon which he will base his application.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. TAYLOR,

Medical Director, General Hospital, Trans-Mississippi Department.

Whereupon the Court was cleared for deliberation, and resolved to proceed with the investigation of the case now before it.

Major-General Price again appeared before the Court.

The JUDGE-ADVOCATE continued the examination of Major JAMES R. SHALER, assistant adjutant-general's department:

Question. Did any recruits join the command of General Price during the campaign? If so, state how many and the number that returned with him to Arkansas, and what measures were adopted by General Price to recruit.

Answer. Yes; many. I think as many as 10,000. From 5,000 to 7,000 returned with us from Arkansas. General Price gave to persons applying authority to organize companies and regiments. I know of no other measure. The difficulty was not to get troops, but to organize them.

46 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

