
Question. Were the different foraging parties sent out during the march placed under the charge of commissioned officers?

Answer. Many times they were not.

Question. Why was it so difficult to carry out General Price's orders for the enforcement of discipline among the troops?

Answer. Because they were undisciplined troops, and also the command being always in motion it was impossible to inaugurate any system of discipline or punishment, and because there was a large number of unarmed men who seemed to think themselves not amenable to orders.

Question. Were any officers or soldiers punished or shot for marauding or straggling by sentence of a court-martial?

Answer. None that I know of.

Question. Did any disaster occur in the campaign attributable to a want of confidence or distrust in the leadership of the major-general commanding the expedition?

The judge-advocate objected.

The Court was cleared for deliberation and the objection was sustained.

Major-General Price appeared again before the Court.

Question. Was there any distrust or want of confidence in the leadership of Major-General Price on the part of the troops of the campaign?

Answer. Not that I know of.

Question. Were the orders issued by General Price in regard to the discipline of the troops in his command obeyed; and if not, did he, General Price, enforce obedience?

Answer. No, sir. General Price depended upon his division commanders to enforce his order, the composition of the command and the disposition of the troops being such as to render it impossible for him to attend to the enforcement of orders himself.

Question. What was the practice of General Price in the employment of guides on the march, and who had charged of them?

Answer. His practice was to procure guides from the different commands who were thoroughly acquainted with the country in which he was operating, and he was more particular about that than any other branch of my department of the army. I had charge of the guides myself and reported with them to the commander of the advance division.

The examination of Major James R. Shaler, assistant adjutant-general's department, was here concluded.

Captain T. T. TAYLOR, assistant adjutant-general, was sworn by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE and examined by him, no other witness being present:

Question. State whether or not you served in the autumn campaign of Major-General Price in the year 1864; and if so, state in what capacity you served, when you joined the command, and how long you remained with it.

Answer. I served with it as an attache to the inspector-general's department; joined the command about the 28th or 29th of August, and remained until we reached Richmond in Arkansas, I think in the latter part of December.

Question. Were you assigned specially to the discharge of any duties during that time? If so, state to what duties.

