
Answer. At the beginning of the campaign and until we reached the Arkansas River I was directed by Colonel Shaler, the inspector-general, to attend the train and look after its movements. After we crossed the Arkansas I sometimes selected camps, but was not specially assigned to any particular duty.

Question. How were the orders of the major-general commanding published to the army during the campaign?

Answer. Through the adjutant-general's department. On the battle-field sometimes General Price gave orders himself and through his staff.

Question. State whether or not you ever heard an order of the major-general commanding read to the troops during the campaign.

Answer. I don't know what I ever did, I not being with the troops, but at General Price's headquarters.

Question. Did you ever ride along the lines of march to ascertain how the march was conducted?

Answer. Yes.

Question. State whether you did so frequently or not.

Answer. I did frequently.

Question. What was the character of the discipline of the troops during the march; whether or not there was any delay in the march? And if you say there was, state what caused it.

Answer. It was bad. Yes, there was delay. I don't know the reason of it.

The examination-in-chief was here concluded.

Cross examined by Major-General PRICE:

Question. Had you not been acting as assistant to Colonel Shaler before the command started from Camden, and did you continue to do so on the campaign?

Answer. Yes.

Question. What was, in your knowledge, the diligence of Major-General Price in preserving order on the march, both as relates to the troops and the train?

Answer. There was great diligence.

Question. State the character of the troops. State what efforts General Price made to preserve good order and discipline.

Answer. The troops were undisciplined, and General Price frequently gave me personal instructions to prevent the straggling of the troops and the closing up of the train. I think I rode two horses to death in carrying out these instructions.

Question. Do you know of any court-martial being held at Richwoods and elsewhere on the expedition into Missouri?

Answer. I know what it was held at several points on the road.

Question. Do you know of any soldiers being executed for marauding on the expedition? State how many, when and where.

Answer. Not of my own knowledge.

Question. Did you hear any officer make any report to General Price concerning the execution of men for marauding? If so, state what officer; state what was reported and what General Price did or said.

Answer. Yes, I heard Colonel Freeman, commanding brigade in Marmaduke's division, report to General Price in person that he had himself shot some men-I don't know how many, who I think-whom he had caught robbing. General Price said that if he had it in his power he would make him a brigadier for it.

