
to Colonel Goelzer. This I did about 1 o'clock the same day. I there received my orders. I proceeded to Napoleonville, reaching that place after dark. I stopped during the night in the court-house. I inquired of Colonel Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, as to the whereabouts of the enemy, if there were any in the direction of Lakes Natchez or Verret. He told me there were none in that direction this side of the lake. Next morning, September 1, 1864, I started in the direction of Lake Verret; proceeded six miles to Paincourtville. Here I inquired of Captain Steele, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, about roads and bayous. I also asked him if he knew of any armed enemies. He said that there was none in the direction we were going. After getting all the information I could I proceeded to Grand Bayou; crossed on a bridge. Here I stopped for the men to feed their horses. I was then on Doctor Ford's plantation. Staid there half an hour, then proceed on. We had gone about a mile when we came to Bayou Corn, which we crossed in a small ferry-boat. This took considerable time, as only three horses could be crossed at once. After crossing Bayou Corn I started in the direction of Lake Verret, which was nearly due west. Traveled eight miles over very muddy roads, crossing two other bayous on small bridges, the names of which I did not learn. Proceeded to within five miles of Lake Verret. At this point I came to a large bayou or bay, which was over a hundred yards wide. I inquired of two women, whom I supposed kept the ferry, if they could tell me the name of the bayou, but I could not understand them, both being French. It was here I turned to come back. I supposed it to be five miles from the large bayou to the Gentilly plantation, and knowing that it was getting late in the day I thought it best to come back that far, which I did. It was near dark when I reached this plantation. Before dismounting my men I stationed my pickets, then had the remaining part of my men to dismount and feed their horses and cook supper.

The manner in which the pickets were stationed was as follows: I placed five men at a bridge which crossed one of the bayous above-mentioned. (I also ordered the bridge taken up in the center.) I placed four men on this side of our camp on the road leading from the bridge. On the east side was a large swamp; there was no danger from that direction. I also placed four men on a plantation road that runs through the farm on the west side and in the direction of Lake Natchez. The men had some of them laid down, and I am the lieutenant had just laid down beside a fence, when we were startled by the bursting of a gun-cap. We both sprang to our feet and called to our men, but in an instant the enemy were in our midst. I ordered my men to fire upon them, but there was but one shot fired. The enemy came from the direction of Lake Natchez and across the plantation on the west side of the road. My opinion is that those who escaped went through the swamps on the east side of the road and crossed the bayous and made their way to Paincourtville to our lines, the same as I did myself. There was not any of my men killed that I am aware of. The number captured was 1 commissioned officer and 15 enlisted men, 29 horses, and 26 guns and accouterments.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

AARON McFEELY,

Captain Company G, Sixteenth Indiana.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

