HDQRS. SIXTEENTH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY,Near Thibodeaux, La., September 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, dated New Orleans, August 19, 1864, I have the honor to transmit you a report of an expedition of which I was in command to destroy all water craft found north of the Opelousas railroad and west of Bayou La Fourche, also to find out the strength of the enemy if any where reported.

Immediately on receipt of the order I reported at post headquarters, District of La Fourche, with one lieutenant and thirty-five enlisted men, and received instructions to proceed to Napoleonville and obtain from the military authorities at that place the best manner to proceed as regards roads, &amp;c. Arriving there at dark on the evening of the 30th of August, I there learned from Colonel Davis, commanding, that no enemy had been seen or heard of this side of Lakes Verret or Natchez, twenty miles distant. I was also informed that the roads leading to those lakes were impassable, or very nearly so, on account of the late rains. I inquired if any water craft were to be found in any of the different bayous, but was told there were only a few pirogues that the inhabitants were using to convey the necessaries of life to their families. At Napoleonville I stopped until about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 31st instant [ultimo], then proceeded to Paincourtville, a distance of six miles, arriving there at 8.30 o'clock; from thence in a westerly direction to Doctor Ford's plantation, the distance being give miles. At that place I allowed the men to feed their animals. This plantation lies on Grand Bayou, which stream I crossed before reaching the plantation. From here I went across to Bayou Corn, about a mile distant. This bayou I crossed on a kind of flat-boat that was used as a ferry; it was some time before this could be accomplished as I could only cross four animals over at a time, and by the time we were all across it was 12 o'clock. From here I moved forward about five miles, crossing two small bayous, and at 2.30 o'clock arrived at Gentilly's plantation. At this place there is a blind wagon road leading through the plantation, but could not find out where it terminated. I here made inquiries concerning the whereabouts of the enemy, but was told that there were none in that vicinity as they had not been heard of for more than two weeks.

Keeping on in the same direction, viz, westerly, I arrived at Natchez Bayou at sundown, a distance of six miles. The roads here were very bad and muddy. Being informed that there were no roads leading to Lake Natchez from the road I was then on, and knowing I could only go about four miles farther on it to Lake Verret, I concluded to retrace my steps to the junction of the road so that I could get on the road leading to Lake Natchez.

Coming back to Gentilly's plantation, it being then about 7.30 in the evening, I concluded to camp here for the night as both men and horses were very much fatigued by the march, but before going into camp I had a picket detailed and posted immediately. The following diagram will show the exact position of the camp and also the roads and pickets:

On examination I found the blind wagon road led to the northward through the plantations supposed to connect with the main road leading to Lake Natchez. On this road I placed a picket-post of five men about 400 or 500 yards from camp on the west; on the main road, toward Lake Verret, I placed a picket-post of five men, on a bridge that crossed a small bayou. Supposing this to be the most dangerous point, I gave directions to pull up the plank on the bridge, which was

