
Colonel Ford reports return of scout from vicinity of Chapel Hill and Cook's Springs. No large force of the enemy concentrating, but small recruiting bands are seen nearly every day.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

No. 2. Report of Captain Melville U. Foster, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HOLDEN, MO., September 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report scouts, marches, &amp;c., of my command:

September 1, sent Lieutenant Marr with thirty men of both companies in the direction of Lone Jack; came upon squad of about fifteen rebels twelve miles northeast of this place, at the house of Mrs. Simmons. Had a lively time for a few moments, killing 1 and wounding 4, as it is said by the people of the neighborhood. Lost 1 man killed, Jacob F. Rauk, Company C, Seventh Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and 2 men of Company G, severely wounded by horses falling in charge. Lost 2 horses and 1 horse equipment. Returned next day. Traveled fifty miles. September 3, took thirty men of both companies and proceeded, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 159, headquarters District Central Missouri, to collect $800 from the rebel sympathizers of Stone's neighborhood as damages sustained by reason of bushwhackers burning stage, of which proceedings I have made a full report to Captain R. L. Ferguson, deputy provost-marshal. Returned on the 6th. Traveled sixty miles. September 7, took thirty men of both companies; went to Walnut Creek to protect Union families while moving out. Traveled thirty miles. September 9, sent Sergeant Leiter and twenty men of both companies to escort Lieutenant A. W. Christian, assistant inspector, to Pleasant Hill. Returned next day. Traveled thirty-four miles. Besides this there has been a daily patrol to Pleasant Hill. I would also report that I have turned over to the proper officers six horses taken from bushwhackers, and that I have delivered one horse so taken to Barton S. Bradley, Company C, who lost a horse in action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MEL. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. N. PENNOCK,

Adjutant Seventh Regiment Cav., M. S. M., Warrensburg, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.-Skirmish at the Tannery, near Little Rock, Ark.

Report of Captain Thomas J. Mitchell, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Little Rock, Ark., September 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that early this afternoon a squad of rebels, numbering probably seventy-five men, attacked our force at the tannery, but were repulsed with some loss. Several horses were killed and a prisoner captured. The prisoner reports that he

