
belongs to a Colonel Logan's regiment, composed of about 150 or 200 men, who started from Benton this morning. He also states that two brigades of cavalry, under Cabell and Steen, were camped on the south side of the Saline, whilst Colonel Logan's force was on this side. He also states that he heard that an infantry force was on this side. He also states that he heard that an infantry force was on the march from Camden toward Princeton. I also report that my whole mounted force are on duty after these rebels, and that it is impossible to fill the detail for twenty-five mounted men called for this afternoon. The prisoner also reports several men wounded of his command, and that they got out of the valley faster than they got in.

None of our men were injured, but several horses captured.

I am, lieutenant, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. MITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.-Skirmish near Mount Vernon, Mo.

Report of Colonel John D. Allen, Seventh Provisional Regiment, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT, E. M. M.,Mount Vernon, Mo., September 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have this morning received information that there was about 400 rebels that made the attempt to take Mount Vernon on last Friday. Captain Stotts, who was at Cave Spring with twenty-five men of his own command and a portion of Captain Stemmens' company, discovered the rebels in force; dispatched a messenger to me immediately. I sent Captain Morris with sixty men to re-enforce Captain Stotts. The rebels went round Stott's camp and made direct for Mount Vernon. Captain Morris met them in force five miles west of Mount Vernon, when an engagement ensued, the rebels having some five or six to one; Captain Morris had to fall back; dispatched to me immediately. I collected all the militia that was available and went to his relief; met him coming in. We then went back to the place he left the rebels, but on arriving there I was informed by citizens that the rebels had gone southwest. I started in that direction and soon discovered about fifty men on the prairie in line. I formed line and ordered a charge, which was obeyed promptly, but after running about three miles I got close enough to discover that I was chasing Captain Stotts. By this time it was getting dark. It rained and was very dark. Early next morning I started 200 men under Captain Morris, all the available cavalry force that I could raise. They went in five miles of Carthage on the south side of Spring River, then turned north, crossed the river, came up White Oak Creek without making any discovery, but the captain got reliable information that there was 400 rebels and he thought it prudent to return to Mount Vernon, for I had but few men left. The captain learned that they were about Carthage. I have also received information from Arkansas that the rebel Colonel Brooks was in War Eagle, in Arkansas, with from 500 to 700 men and intended to join Major Piercey below this and take this place. I will give you my situation here. I have something over 300 men very poorly armed, good men and will fight. Now if I can get a force from Springfield

47 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

