
sufficient to annihilate them it will prevent Brooks from joining them. There is plenty of rebel forage in Jasper County that ought to be used by the Federals if possible to do so.

My informant as to Brooks is Major Moore; he has just returned from a scout near Berryville, in Carroll County, Ark., and brings me the information. He has it from different sources. I intend to hold this country if possible. The time is close at hand when I will stand in need of help, but if I can get it in time I think I can make it pay. I will refer you to Captain Kelso, Captain Allen, Lieutenant Bowers as to the real situation of this country and also the importance, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.-Skirmish near Quitman, Ark.

Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

LEWISBURG, September 7, 1864-7 p.m.

Detachment of forty men with ammunition for Shelby crossed at Dardanelle on Monday last. On the 2nd instant Captain Napier and Lieutenant Carr had a skirmish with Colonel Witt, eight miles from Quitman, killed 7, and captured Captain Livingston and 4 men of Witt's command.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 2-4, 1864.-Expedition from Sedalia, Mo., to Scott's Ford, on the Blackwater.

Report of Lieutenant William Argo, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SEDALIA, MO., September 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report, to wit:

On the evening of the 2nd we received a dispatch from Lieutenant Houston, Company L, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, that he had found where the rebels were encamped near Buffalo Prairie, in Cooper County, Mo. Their reported strength he represented 150. Captain Vansickler, in command of post, got up a scout of forty-five men, Captain Allison and myself making forty-seven, aside from Lieutenant Stephens, who was put in command of the scout with secret instructions from Captain Vansickler that in case we got into a fight I should assume command. We started from Sedalia late in the evening on Friday, and met Lieutenant Houston coming back, who stated there were some 200 of the rebels, and that we could not safely attack them; whereupon I told him that I would go and see where they were for the information I told him that I would go and see where they were for the information of the general commanding. We traveled until about 12 o'clock; got in the neighborhood of where they were represented to be, but found no sign or indication of their being there. I then struck down the La Mine, near the mouth of Clear Creek, when struck the trail at Pond Bottom, on the La Mine. Lieutenant Stephens wanted to

