
return, and I had the utmost difficulty in persuading him to pursue. I found that the two squads had concentrated near here after doing their plundering and murdering, having captured between 30 and 40 horses, a large number of arms, merchandise, &amp;c., killing some 8 or 10 citizens, amongst whom are the names of Captain Davis, formerly of Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, one soldier discharged at Tipton, a butcher in the same place, at or near Pilot Grove a man by the name of Zellers, an old gentleman by the name of Fuller, another by the name of Beel, several other Germans whose names I was unable to obtain. We followed them on until they crossed the Blackwater at Scott's Ford, where we ascertained that they had been at Marshall's Ford, three or four miles below, the evening before. We went down until we ascertained they were most likely to be there still, but I was unable to obtain the consent of Lieutenant Stephens to pursue any farther. They were feeding at Marshall's, and I think might very well have been surprised and probably most of the property captured by using proper precaution. The command was under Todd. I think Jackson was not along, as there was a robbery committed on Thursday night by his band near Longwood, which accounts for him not being here, he being with that band. My present impression is that both bands have their headquarters near the mouth of Blackwater.

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. ARGO,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

Captain STEGER.

SEPTEMBER 2-10, 1864.-Scouts on the Little Blue River, in Jackson County, Mo.

Report of Captain Isaac F. Evens, Second Colorado Cavalry.

HICKMAN MILLS, MO., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of scouts made from this station during the ten days ending September 10, 1864:

On the 2nd instant, at 8 p.m., Lieutenant Ducey with twenty men of Company A, Second Colorado Cavalry, left this station, mounted, to scout toward head of Little Blue. Returned on east side. Remained on the Blue during the night and next day (3rd). Returned night of 3rd without discovering any signs of bushwhackers. On the 5th instant took twenty-five men of Company A, Second Colorado Cavalry, to make a foot scout on Little Blue, northeast from station. Followed down Little Blue to near Camp Waggoner; from thence crossed over Big Blue during the night. Returned on the night of the 6th without discovering any signs of bushwhackers. On the morning of the 8th instant I left station with twenty-five horsemen and proceeded to make a scout on Little Blue. When five miles northeast of station, at the house of John Moore in the Little Blue timber, I discovered a bushwhacker camp which had just been abandoned not more than half an hour. I judged from their train there were thirty or forty of them. I followed the trail down the Blue and found plenty of fresh tracks on every path we crossed. I saw a party of ten or twelve in an orchard near the railroad, to whom I gave chase. They succeeded in getting out of sight on account of a momentary confusion occasioned by several of my horses being thrown by a piece of telegraph wire which was fastened between two trees and concealed by weeds. I watched some houses on the Blue until about

