
Junction Station, where he found that all of the stage company's stock, together with 6 head of emigrants' stock, had been stolen. From there he went to Junction Ranch, where he found that the Indians had stolen all of Mr. Reynolds' stock, amounting to 50 or 60 head. From there to Murray's, where all of the stock,cattle, and horses, had been driven off. He reached Murray's at daybreak on the morning of the 18th. From there he went into the bluffs,found the trail, followed it, overtook the Indians camped on Beaver Creek, about twenty- five miles from Murray's, at 10 a. m. July 18. He recovered the stock- 125 head. There were but five Indians with the stock, and of these he succeeded in wounding 2; but owing to the fact that the horses were nearly tired out with the previous sixteen hours' hard traveling, he was unable to overtake them, they being mounted on good horses. He returned to Junction Ranch, where I found him. From that place I started with forty men and scouted through the country south of Platte and east of Beaver Creek, but failed to find Indians. Number of Indians, as estimated by Lieutenant Chase and Mr. Granville Ashcraft (the guide), 150; number of emigrants killed 5; wounded, 1. Finding that the Indians had left the river I returned to this camp.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SANBORN,

Captain, First Cavalry of Colorado.

Co. J. M. CHIVINGTON.

JULY 18-21, 1864.- Scout in Shannon County, Mo.

Report of Captain Levi E. Whybark, Fifth missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS DETACH. FIFTH CAV. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Salem, Mo., July 22, 1864.

SIR: I just returned from down in Shannon County. I started Monday night with sixty men to capture some bushwhackers reported to be on Rock Creek, about sixty- five miles from Salem, or at what is known as the Hay Hollow, in the southeast corner of Shannon County, where they were herding their stolen horses. I traveled all night Monday night. Tuesday I got to the place abut 2 o'clock, but they had left an few days previous with their stock. They left some eight young horses which they could not get off with, which we brought in. They were stolen from Union men in this county, which I gave to them. I then camped and scouted around there until morning. Found no rebels, but plenty of signs. Wednesday morning I divided my men in three squads; sent one squad up Jack's Fork and Current and Gladen Valley, under Sergeant Neff; one squad up Current to the mouth of Big Sinking,then up it to the head,under Lieutenant Ringer. I and Lieutenant Fisher took the other squad, coming up Brushy Creek and then Big Creek to the head. I camped Wednesday night on head of Big Creek. There I heard fourteen rebels had passed up the evening before. We camped in a meadow. Abut 1 o'clock some dozen or so came on us. Would not make themselves known. We fired a few rounds into them and they scattered in every direction, leaving four horses and equipments, and their arms. The brush was so thick and it dark we did not kill any. Next morning, Thursday, I followed on the divide in the southeast corner of Dent County, some twenty- five miles from Salem. There I

