
11 p.m., when I started for station, when, on reaching Independence road, I learned from the citizens that bushwhackers had just been at several houses in the vicinity, demanded and took the uniforms, with overcoats and blankets, from the militia, or citizen guard, which had been issued to them by the U. S. Government. I returned to camp at 1 p.m., and immediately sent out forty footmen to watch the roads leading to Little Blue. Started our early next morning with twenty-five mounted men, and about noon found where a large party had been in camp half a mile from Rock Ford on Pleasant Hill road. They had evidently left on our approach. I think there were not less than a hundred in the party. They moved down the Blue. The foot scouts are still out in that direction. My horses are much worn from constant riding. Reports are coming in by citizens of small parties seen in various directions. They have not as yet taken anything but militia clothing from citizens.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC F. EVENS,

Captain Co. A, Second Colo. Cav., Commanding Station, Hickman Mills.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864.-Skirmishes near Rocheport, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

GLASGOW, MO., September 4, 1864.

We are constantly fighting the bushwhackers. Twelve of the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia were surprised and killed near Rocheport yesterday. Major Leonard killed 6 or Anderson's gang, taking from their dead bodies 30 revolvers and capturing 7 horses. Another party killed 4 of the same gang and captured 25 horses. Boone and Howard are swarming with guerrillas. Every conceivable bushwhacker, from Bill Anderson down to Guitar, can be found in this region.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp, Saint Joseph.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1864.-Affair near Donaldsonville, La.

Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

THIBODEAUX, September 4, 1864.

(Received 6.40 p.m.)

About twenty-five rebels attacked the couriers coming from Plaquemine to Donaldsonville this morning about nine miles above Donaldsonville. About 200 are reported there. Colonel Davis has sent out a party on a reconnaissance.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

