
SEPTEMBER 4, 1864.-Attack on steamers Celeste and Commercial, at Gregory's Landing, on the White River, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 6, 1864-1.30 p.m.

CAPTAIN: The Celeste and Commercial have returned with Graves' own force. The other boats expected soon. On the afternoon of the 4th the boats were fired into at Gregory's Landing. Colonel Graves and 8 men were wounded, 1 killed, 1 since died. Graves is rather severely wounded in the leg. The next day they went into Augusta. No enemy there, and has not been for a month. Dobbin was reported east of Cache River; Shelby in neighborhood of Jacksonport.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

SEPTEMBER 6, 1864.-Affair near Brunswick, Mo.

Report of Colonel William E. Moberly, Thirty-fifth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Brunswick, Mo., September 7, 1864.

GENERAL: I have to report that on the 6th instant Sergt. Henry Shrader and a small squad of men, partly armed and partly unarmed, were captured by a band of bushwhackers under the following circumstances: Sergeant Shrader was sent out with a squad to get clean clothes and notify absent men to come into camp, and while out on that business was belated and overtaken by a storm. A band of bushwhackers leading his locality and situation succeeded in surrounding him and capturing him and his squad. They were stripped and disarmed, 4 guns being taken from them. I cannot attach any blame to Sergeant Shrader, as I consider his capture one of those unavoidable and unfortunate accidents to which all men are liable in war times, and especially when immediate danger is not apprehended. Sergeant Shrader is an unconditional Union man, a veteran soldier, and a good officer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MOBERLY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.

