
SEPTEMBER 6, 1864.-Skirmish at the Palmetto Ranch, near Brazos Santiago, Tex.

Report of Colonel Henry M. Day, Ninety-first Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the following report of a slight engagement which took place at Palmetto ranch on the Rio Grande River, about sixteen miles from these headquarters:

Learning from my scouts that the rebels had collected a large number of cattle, which they intended to sell to the French troops at Bagdad, and that said cattle were in a bend in the river just above the White ranch, I determined, after mature deliberation, to try and capture them, and at the same timed drive back the rebels from their position, as they had been annoying us in various ways very much during the past few days. Accordingly, on the morning of the 6th I ordered a squadron of the First Texas Cavalry and one piece of artillery (12-pounder howitzer) to proceed up the country and accomplish the object above-named. Major E. J. Noyes commanded the expedition; Captain P. G. Temple, the cavalry; Lieutenant A. Hils, First Missouri Artillery, the artillery. After crossing the Boca Chica pass skirmishers were thrown out to the right and left, and as they advanced the rebels slowly retired, until, reaching the Palmetto ranch, a stand was made, and brisk firing ensued. The main body arrived soon after, and a fair prospect of a heavy engagement was apparent, as the rebels were having re-enforcements from above; but our artillery opened a very effective fire with shell, which had the effect to disperse the enemy, and the last seen of him he was flying in confusion in the direction of Brownsville. Word being sent me by the major commanding of his position, I advanced three miles with a detachment of the Ninety-first Illinois Infantry Volunteers to re-enforce him in case of necessity. It was not of the 7th. The expedition was successful in its results, for a lot of cattle were captured and brought in, and the rebels forced to leave this section of the country.

Hoping this report will prove satisfactory, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

SEPTEMBER 6-7, 1864.-Scout from Little Rock to Benton, Ark.

Report of Colonel John F. Ritter, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., September 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 91, paragraph 7, dated headquarters First Division, Seventh Army Corps, Little Rock, Ark., September 5, 1864, I proceeded with the

