
available portion of my command, about 350 men, to Benton, Ark., and reached there at 1.30 p.m. on the 6th instant. A small force of the enemy was found in the town, and driven across the Saline, skirmishing on the banks. Colonel Logan's Eleventh Arkansas Regiment, C. S. Army, about 400 strong, was reported to be in camp three miles on the opposite side of the Saline, no other force in the vicinity. A prisoner of this regiment who was captured this side of Benton reported that the main force of the enemy had retired to Arkadelphia. The citizens of the place reported that Generals Price and Fagan, with about 4,000 cavalry and artillery, had left there last Thursday and taken the Hot Springs White River. My force remained in and about Benton nearly two hours. I cam back in the direction of Little Rock about four miles (Mr. Thompson's), not being able to get forage for my animals at any nearer place, where I encamped for the night. This morning I marched and reached this place at 11.30 a.m. without being disturbed by or meeting any of the enemy. One man of the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry was wounded, also 2 horses wounded and 1 killed.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. F. RITTER,

Colonel First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. BLOCKI,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Seventh Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 6-7, 1864.-Expedition from Morganza to Bayou Sara, La.

Itinerary of the Provisional Brigade, U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel Alonzo J. Edgerton, Sixty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding.*

This brigade has, during the month of September, worked every alternate day on the fortifications at this post, Morganza, La.

September 6.-Two hundred men of the Sixty-seventh Regiment and 200 men of the Sixty-second Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel A. O. Millington and Major Hudson, respectively, accompanied an expedition beyond Bayou Sara, and returned on the afternoon of the 7th; were in no engagement.

SEPTEMBER 6-8, 1864.-Operations in the vicinity of Lewisburg, Ark., with skirmishes at Norristown (6th) and near Glass Village (8th).

Reports of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

LEWISBURG, September 7, 1864-12.20 p.m.

Dockery's brigade was on the north side of the river, at Russellville, and Dover yesterday. Yesterday morning a scout of sixty men, under Lieutenants Mason and Gates, dashed into Norris [Norristown] and found Gordon's regiment, of Cabell's brigade, on picket. They drove them from the town with no loss, and captured 13 horses. At Dardanelle they saw a force of the enemy with mule teams, &c.

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

