
the first night fifteen miles in the edge of Boone County. Next morning divided my men again. Soon came upon a small rebel camp of about twenty-five men; routed them, they running in every direction. Camped that night at Columbia. Started out next morning early; traveled north some ten miles in two columns, thoroughly scouring the brush between my two columns, and right and left. Found Captain Todd with fifty men; had a skirmish with him, wounding some 4 or 5 of his men, killed 1 horse, captured 1, and some 14 guns (completely breaking up his command for the time being). I then turned west, went into Howard County. Camped for the night on the Moniteau Creek; sent that night to Fayette for Major Leonard to meet me that night; but he did not arrive until the next morning. On his arrival I learned for the first time that you had ordered troops to Glasgow, and not knowing the intention of the move, I determined to move the First Iowa Cavalry back in the Perche Hills. Ordered Major Leonard, after scouring the country around Rocheport (which was done in conjunction with the Iowa Cavalry), to move north and east of Fayette, thence west, and open communication with troops from Glasgow. I wrote you of my intended move, but learned on my arrival at headquarters last night (from Major Evans) that you had not received my letter. I was in the saddle constantly for six days, and the only regret that I have is that my scout was not more successful in killing these bands in place of routing them. Nothing will dispirit these marauders so much as surprising and cutting them to pieces. This must be done, and I am again ready to take the field for that purpose. I was exceedingly anxious to find Bill Anderson, and let some small bodies pass almost unnoticed, with a view of finding him. He was in the neighborhood of Rocheport, but the most of his men were divided out with other commands. The number of men in bodies of from twenty to eighty in Boone County number about 200. Other small bodies would swell the number to, say, 300 men. This does not include Holtzclaw, who, I learn, was in Howard County, or Frank Davis' band, and divers other bands in the surrounding counties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1864-Affair at Centralia, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 7, 1864.

The guerrillas stopped a freight train on North Missouri Railroad, near Centralia Station, early this morning, and stole four car-loads of horses therefrom. They are said to have captured 2 officers and 4 or 5 enlisted men. General Douglass has troops after them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

