
ADDENDA.

SAINT CHARLES, September 7, 1864. (Received 11.15 a.m.)

Honorable ISAAC H. STURGEON,

President:

One hundred bushwhackers took four cars of horses from our freight train, No. 4, at Centralia, this morning. Delayed train nearly three hours. No other damage done that I have heard of. The train has just arrived at Mexico.

Respectfully,

D. H. FITCH.

Just received. We still have no guard at Perruque bridge. I do not know what can be done to exterminate these devils. I hope a levy of $15,000 will be made on the sympathizers near Centralia to pay for these horses and at once collected. In an hour or sooner if you wish.

Respectfully,

ISAAC H. STURGEON,

President.

SEPTEMBER 7-11, 1864.-Expeditions to Grand Lake, Grand River, Lake Fausse Pointe, Bayou Pigeon, and Lake Natchez, La., with affair (8th) at Labadieville.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

No. 2.-Major John H. Clybourn, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

No. 3.-Captain William J. Steele, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

No. 4.-Captain Dudley C. Wyman, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

No. 5.-Acting Vol. Lieutenant Ezra Leonard, U. S. Navy.

No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., September 11, 1864.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Asst. Adjt. General, Defenses of New Orleans:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I send you copies of various reports which I have received, which will show the general something of what I am doing to keep advised of the movements of the enemy. The two men spoken of in Lieutenant Leonard's report are two spies I sent out some time since into the rebel camps. They have not yet returned, but I have no fear that they are taken. I do not believe that there are any torpedoes in Bayou Long or Belle River, from the fact that it would be very difficult to get them there, much more so than the points our boats go over every day, and because the man who reported it is inclined to make much capital out of a little and is not wholly reliable. But this is only my

