
being straight. We proceeded with caution, and after several hours' labor arrived at the mouth of Grand River. On rounding a bend in the bayou a boat with four men in it was discovered crossing the bayou; one of the men was swimming a horse. I instantly ordered my men on the lookout to fire, and passed the word to the captain of the boat to man the guns. At the first shot from the bow guns the men in the boat jumped overboard, swam to the shore, and took to the woods. Our boat landed as soon as possible, and my force being small it was deemed prudent not to pursue. On landing, pickets were stationed and a detail sent to take on board the horses left by the rebels. They were mostly U. S. horses, supposed to have been captured by them at Napoleonville. We succeeded in bringing them on board, twenty in all, with equipments for ten. We captured one man, J. B. Brogdon, Fourth Louisiana Cavalry, from whom we learned that the party who escaped consisted of a sergeant and fifteen men, and were on their way to join their regiment at Franklin. I also took on board two hogsheads of sugar and three barrels of molasses; also eight guns. We afterward proceeded up to Mr. Micheltre's plantation, where I found a man, named S. J. Fount, having the appearance of a smuggler, and as he could give no account of himself I had him arrested and taken on board. Finding the snags numerous and the depth of the water insufficient for the boat, we succeeded with some trouble in turning and started immediately for Grand Lake. Our progress was slow for reasons given, and after several hours' hard work, breaking through what seemed to be forests, we reached the mouth of the bayou at 7 o'clock minus some of our upper works. In attempting to run out in the darkness the boat got aground, and after fruitless efforts to get off we were forced to remain all night. In the morning the 41 was seen coming out of the Atchafalaya, and we signaled to her. She assisted us out of the Lake we met the 43, and in company with her we went to Brashear. After landing I marched the command to quarters.

I have the honor to be, yours, &amp;c.,

DUDLEY C. WYMAN,

Captain Company G, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

Colonel HARRIS.

No. 5. Reports of Act. Vol. Lieutenant Ezra Leonard, U. S. Navy.

BRASHEAR CITY, September 7, 1864.

SIR: A gun-boat is now exploring Lake Fausse Pointe and Grand Lake. The boat which leaves to-night goes through Bayou Pigeon as far as Grand River. I understand that torpedoes have been placed in Grand River and Bayou Long, and do not think it prudent to send a gun-boat through either to reach Lake Natchez. I will send for those two men on Friday.

Very respectfully,

E. LEONARD,

Lieutenant, Commanding Naval Forces.

Brigadier-General CAMERON.

