
BRASHEAR CITY, LA., September 8,, 1864.

SIR: The gun- boat Carrabasset destroyed in Lake Fuasse Pointe yesterday a large flat- boat, sixty feet long an substantially built, with iron knees, &amp;c., and a lot of skiffs. The gun- boat fired into the enemy's pickets and killed 4 horses.

The Carrabasset is now in Bayou Pigeon with sixty soldiers on board.

Very respectfully,

EZRA LEONARD,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding District.

U. S. S. CARRABASSET,

Berwick Bay, September 9, 1864.

SIR: The gun- boat I sent into Bayou Chene for those two scouts has returned without them. They were to be there at 9 a. m. I ordered the boat to remain until noon and blow the whistle often. They were furnished with a pirogue. The boat from Bayou Pigeon reports that of the seventy- seven rebels in the attack on Napoleonville, fifteen crossed over to Franklin with the prisoners; the remainder returned to the La Fourche District. The boat reached there just as a party was crossing thirty horses,of which number she captured 21. The enemy have a camp on Lake Natchez where there is only two feet and a half of water at present. Captain Washburne will be here again in a day or two and then I shall be glad to go through Bayou Long and Belle River, but I cannot take the responsibility of sending a boat as I got my information about the torpedoes from Captain W. himself. Company G, Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, Captain Dudley C. Wyman, accompanied the boat to Bayou Pigeon and rendered efficient service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EZRA LEONARD,

Actg. Vol. Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, Commanding naval Force pro tempore.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding District.

P. S.- The provost- marshal will send the prisoner.

Respectfully,

E. L.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1864.- Skirmishes near Hornersville and Gayoso, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Captain James W. Edwards, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 12, 1864.

Have just heard from the forces I sent out under Captains McClanahan and Edwards. They came upon the forces of Colonel Clark and Major Parrott in Dunklin County,and drove them out of the State; killed 7 of them, captured 2 prisoners, and a number of horses and

