
arms. Lieutenant Miller, Company D, Second Missouri State Militia, severely wounded in the neck. No other casualties on our side. A part of my forces are still out. Will forward you the official report as soon as they return.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding.

General EWING.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 12, 1864.

Captain McClanahan, whom I sent in command of the forces into Dunklin County, reports that he found Major Parrott with 200 men encamped near the Kansas line, four miles below Hornersville, and attacked him last Thursday evening; he killed 13 of the rebels and captured 5, and took 20 horses and a number of arms. The next day Captain Edwards came upon a part of the same rebel force, and killed 7 and captured 2, as previously reported. No loss on our side.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General EWING.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James W. Edwards, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEW MADRID, September 12, 1864.

I left you on Thursday, the 8th instant, and proceeded toward Gayoso. Ran into a squad of guerrillas soon after I crossed the swamp and killed 3 and wounded 1; the rest scattered in the cane and swamp. We were fired into by a squad of about forty under Colonel Clark from a cross Pemiscot Bayou. We returned the fire, killing 4, wounding 1, and took 2 prisoners. Lieutenant Miller was shot through the neck here, which was our only loss. I should have crossed the bayou and followed them if they had not scattered and Lieutenant Miller had not been so badly wounded. They scattered in every direction going toward Little Run Swamp. We captured 5 horses and a few stand of arms. Had 3 horses shot. Saw nothing of any guerrillas Friday and we arrived here Saturday evening completely tired out. I think Colonel Clark has about played out and will not be able to do us any more damage very soon. Respectfully,

J. W. EDWARDS,

Captain, &amp;c.

Captain McCLANAHAN,

Commanding Expedition, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1864.- Attack on Steamer J. D. Perry, at Clarendon, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 9, 1864- 7 p. m.

GENERAL: Steamer J. D. Perry, with some of General Mower's command, was to- day fired into by about 100 men just below Clarendon, from Clarendon side. I hope you will not forget my need of troops

