
here. I have only part of a cavalry regiment (eight companies of Eleventh Missouri) and eight of the Twelfth Michigan. Am worried every hour for lack of means to do the work. The transportation and officers' baggage of the Twelfth Michigan have already gone to Brownsville.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock.

September 9, 1864.- Affair on the Warrensburg road, near Warrensburg, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bazel F. Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB- DISTRICT,In the Field, September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that since my report of the 10th Lieutenant Teel returned from his foot scout near Dove, and reports no guerrillas in that vicinity after Major Mullins went east. Lieutenant Augustine reports that on the 9th he came upon a party of four on the Warrensburg road just as they had completed robbing the Warrensburg mail. In the chase after them he captured one of their horses and thinks one of the party was wounded. The main body are now in the western part of La Fayette County. Captain Meredith is also in that direction with 100 men. on the 15th I will move east to Republican Church, where my command will concentrate to receive rations. I have nothing later from Saline than my last report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cav. Mo. State Militia, Commanding.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Warrensburg, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 9- 11, 1864.- Expedition from Pine Bluff toward Monticello, Ark., with skirmishes near Monticello (10th) and at Brewer's Lane (11th)/

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Powell Clayton, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Major Thomas W. Scudder, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Captain John W. Lewis, Assistant Adjutant- General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Powell Clayton, U. S. Army.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., September 11, 1864- 5.45 p. m.

Colonel Erskine, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, with 300 men, left here on the morning of the 9th at daylight, drove in the pickets at Monticello early the next morning, captured 3 prisoners, ascertained

48 R R- VOL XLI, PT I

