
night detailed Lieutenant Wood with fifteen men, who reported to you at 3 a. m. for special service. Lieutenant Templeton with other details, I believe, assumed command, although Lieutenant Wood was the raking officer. The result of their reconnaissance has been already reported to you by Lieutenants Wood and Templeton. September 10, marched in advance in the direction of Mount Elba; camped at night near the Mount Elba and Pine Bluff road. September 11, detailed eight men to report to you for a scout in direction of the crossing of Saline River. Marched at sunrise in the rear. The men who went to the crossing rejoined me near Cheney's Store, on the Pine Bluff road, near McGhee's plantation. Detached by your order Lieutenant Jenkins and Company G, Fifth Kansas, to report to you for scout toward the fords of the Saline River above Mount Elba. About eighteen miles from Pine Bluff heard sharp firing in front. Moved up, and found the advance had already driven the enemy. Fell back to my position in the rear. Had marched but a short distance when firing commenced upon the right flank a little ahead of me. The enemy were again repulsed. The column moved on a little way, when were were attacked almost simultaneously in flank and rear. The men were for a time thrown in confusion. I finally succeeded in rallying them; held the enemy in check for a time. Captain Kyler, First Indiana, acting as extreme rear guard, was detour to the left, rejoined me. Here we had a severe contest for our howitzer; the artillerymen abandoned it, with the exception of the sergeant in command; the firing was heavy and continuous. At this juncture Lieutenant Jenkins, who had heard the firing and pushed with all speed toward us, came up the road in the enemy's rear, and gallantly charging them, cut his wy through, with the loss of 1 man severely wounded. I finally succeeded, gallantly assisted by Lieutenant Quinn, Thirteenth Illinois,in getting he gun away and bringing it safely to town. From this point until the Warren cross- roads were reached, a distance of four miles, I was hotly engaged in repelling successive charges of the enemy upon our rear. Reached the cross- roads and found you, colonel, in line of battle, greatly to my relief. By your order formed upon the right. After awaiting the appearance of the enemy for some time, with the reminder I marched toward town. As to the nature of the fighting, the number of the enemy, &amp;c., it is unnecessary for me to speak, you, colonel, having a better knowledge of that than any other person. From the nature of the attack (three sides at once), the men at first were terribly confused, but after it had finally developed itself they did nobly.

In conclusion, I cannot speak too highly of the valuable aid rendered me by Lieutenant Quinn, Thirteenth Illinois; Lieutenant Bonde, Seventh Missouri; Captain Kyler, First Indiana, and Lieutenants Jenkins, Wood, and Stevenson, Fifth Kansas Cavalry. The sergeant commanding the howitzer, for his behavior in standing bravely by his gun recommend through you to the Governor of his State for promotion. I have to report the following list of casualties: Fifth Kansas- Killed, 1; wounded, 4; missing, 1; total, 6. First Indiana- Wounded and left, 4; missing, 1; total, 5; grand total, 11.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

T. W. SCUDDER,

Major Fifth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel ERSKINE,

Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Late Expedition.

