
Numbers 3. Report of Captain John W. Lewis, Assistant Adjutant- General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 13, 1864.

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major- General Magruder to inform you that reliable information has been received that 8,000 Federal troops have gone up White River to re- enforce General Steele. A party of 500 of the enemy advanced toward Monticello; were forced by us to retire, taking the direction of Pine Bluff; were pursued by Colonel Crump, commanding a regiment of Texas cavalry of Major- General Wharton's command and driven to within six miles of Pine Bluff, resulting in the killing of 6 of the enemy and wounding 12. Three were wounded and none killed on our side.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c.

SEPTEMBER 9- 12, 1864- Expedition from Fort Pike, La., to the Pearl River.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred G. Hall, Seventh- fourth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Pike, La., September 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the results of the expedition up Pearl River, made in conformity to orders from the commanding general:

I left Fort Pike at 9 a. m. September 10, 1864, on the steamer J. D. Swain with a force of 200 men. I proceeded up West Pearl River to a point called Deer Island Landing, where I landed my men at 11.15 a. m. and marched along the road leading from the landing into the country. At 12.10 a. m. I reached a house formerly occupied by John Porter; the house is now deserted. At 12.45 I reached the house of Widow Joyner. I found no one there but women and children. I was informed by Mrs. Joyner that there horsemen had passed her house that morning at about 10 o'clock riding toward the landing,armed with shot guns and pistols, probably a squad of the fellows we were after, en route to warn their friends of our approach, having seen the smoke of the steamer as she came up the river. I was unable to gain any other information of the jayhawkers at this place. The women stated that those that had passed the house that morning were the first they had seen for under Lieutenants Gallagher and Morrison, back half a mile over the road I had just come, to take a branch road to go to the house of a man named Sadler, while I with the reminder of the men kept on with the intention of visiting the place of a man named Snyder. I reached the house of Mrs. Mitchell; no one to be seen but women and children. I could get no information there; the y say they know nothing of the rebel

---------------

*Some irrelevant matter omitted.

---------------

