
cavalry. Left Mrs. Mitchell's at 1.35 p.m. There were two roads from here, and through mistake of the guide I took the wrong road. The guide discovered his mistake after marching about one mile and took the shortest way across the country to gain the right road. After marching several miles I found myself on the right road about one- fourth of a mile from Mitchell's. The road I should have taken runs nearly at right angles with the one I took. The other party gave the signal that they had reached Sadler's and I concluded to join them instead of going to Snyder's; I arrived at Sadler's at 2.15 p. m. I was unable to learn anything definite of the cavalry. A party of them had been there three days before and searched the house of rebel deserters. There was no one at home at the time but two women, one an invalid. They could not tell the number of men in the party. I obtained horses at Sadler's and accompanied by my adjutant proceeded to the house of Snyder, about two miles from Sadler's.

From information garnered there and elsewhere I concluded that if I should run up East Pearl or Pearl River proper I should be able to find the party of cavalry or hear of them in the vicinity of Gainesville. I re- embarked and started for East Pearl at 5.30 a.m. the 12th; proceeded to a bluff about two miles and a half above Pearlington. I landed and sent a party under Lieutenant Sternes to Homer's Bridge, about three miles from the landing. He returned at 8 a. m., reporting no signs of the enemy. I landed again near Napoleon, marched through the town, scouting the country back of it. I found nothing of the cavalry at this place, and no news of them. The country here is nearly deserted. I was informed here that the news of our coming was far ahead of us, as they could see our steamer for a number of miles down the river. I proceeded from this point to Gainesville, fifteen miles above Pearlington, and here learned that five of the rebel cavalry had been there the day previous. At Gainesville one man, William Marsen, was brought in by the guard. He claims to be a paroled prisoner; but I have good evidence that he is connected with them,and has been employed in driving cattle for the commissary department, rebel army. There are probably a number of rebel cavalry at Honey Island, about nine miles from Gainesville; but with our steamer it was useless to attempt their capture,our approach being known to them hours before, and unless they choose to fight us they could easily avoid us. I would respectfully suggest that in any future expedition the troops be landed at some point near the fort of the rebel side and marched through the country, mounting if needs be. Although unsuccessful in overtaking any rebel force, the inhabitants expressed the desire that our troops come often.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED G. HALL,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain F. SPEED,

Asst. Adjt. General, Defenses of New Orleans.

[First indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

September 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

This expedition was authorized on receiving a telegram from Colonel Hall, of which inclosed is copy. Instead of going direct to Pearl

