
coming through by land. By letter received this p. m. from Lewisburg, I learn that Gordon's regiment left there Saturday a. m., stating that they were to join Shelby, who was to cut the communications of and starve the forces out of Little Rock.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- General, District of Little Rock.

SEPTEMBER 9-14, 1864.- Scout from Helena to Alligator Bayou, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Alexander F. Rice, Sixtieth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY D,Helena, Ark., September 15, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit the following report of a five days' scout under my command, composed of twenty men of the Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry:

Started from here on the 9th; marched to Thomas' Station, five miles from the north Saint Francis River; camped until the next evening. Sent out squads frequently during the day; captured 1 man, William Bailess, and 2 horses. Went from there to Mrs. Rodgers, some fifteen miles. Broke camp at 8 o'clock next evening; captured 2 men while there, also a horse. The command then parted. A portion, mounted, crossed over to Thomas' Station. The rest came down the river in skiffs. Camped until the morning of the 14th. Captured while there 5 miles and 2 horses,also 1 prisoner and 1 carbine. The names of the prisoners are as follows: William Bailess, and Peter Nance, Captain Briscoe's company, Dobbin's regiment; James Copelin and Urbin Day, Captain Coates' company, Dobbin's regiment; Joseph A. Echles, adjutant, Sixth Texas Cavalry.

A. F. RICE,

Second Lieutenant Co. E, 60th U. S. Colored Infty., Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant F. E. SNOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1864.- Skirmish near Roanoke, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Major Austin A. King, jr., Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 11, 1864.

The detachment sent out from Glasgow yesterday under Major King, Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, attacked Holtzclaw's band, numbering sixty, just east of Roanoke,in Howard County, and

