
being surprised lost 6 men killed and 11 were taken prisoners,and afterward released. Everything is quiet except these incursions on the extreme borders of the district. Shelby's headquarters were below Jacksonport five days ago.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the District of Southwest Missouri, commanded by Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army.*

Captain james L. Powell, Second Arkansas Cavalry, commanding detachment of twenty- five men same regiment, made a scout in the direction of Maysville, Ark. ; came in contact with a small band of guerrillas; killed 2 and wounded 1 of them; casualties to the detachment, 1 man missing; returned 23rd instant.

July 21.- On officer and 5 men of Enrolled Missouri Militia killed in a skirmish with guerrillas near Carthage, Mo. Numbers of bushwhackers have been killed by the Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia during the month. Companies B, C, D, and H, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, mustered into the United States service for twenty months, as per Special Orders, Numbers 166, current series, Department of the Missouri. These companies muster from 82 to 100 men each. The district has been remarkably quiet during the month, except the eastern and western portion, which have been disturbed to some extent by bands of guerrillas. The duty of the troops has been escorting trains, and scouting and garrisoning the several posts and stations.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John D. Allen, Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. 7TH PROV. Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Mount Vernon, Mo., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: From information received from below, which I think reliable, there are about 400 rebels at Baxter Springs. There were about 125, under command of Captain Rusk, attacked Lieutenant Henry (of Captain Stevenson's company of militia) with twenty- five men within 300 yards of Carthage while he was out grazing his stock. They others are missing, no doubt killed. The rebels were too strong for the company at Carthage, and they did not come out of the fort. I immediately sent thirty men from Cave Spring to re- enforce Carthage, and on yesterday morning sent Captain Roberts with twenty men to Cave Spring, and to scout the country; there is a force of rebels in that country, no doubt. I have not men enough to send out against anything of a large force and hold the posts. Captain Sutherland will get to Carthage about to- morrow evening; that will relieve the post considerably. If I had men enough I would take a scout in the vicinity of Baxter Springs. There should be a scout of about 200 or 300 men sent

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

