
gave him a running fight of five miles. Six of the villains were killed, several of their horses and a large number of shotguns an revolvers were captured. In the chase 2 of our men were wounded, 1 severely. The First Iowa are stirring up the bushwhackers in Boone.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Austin A. King, jr., Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

FAYETTE, September 11, 1864.

I came upon Holtzclaw's command yesterday east of Roanoke, in Howard County. They numbered about sixty men. They did not stand long against my advance under command of Captain Turner, who charged them as soon as he came upon them. A running fight of five miles ensued, in which we killed 6 and wounded several men, captured 6 horses, and at least a dozen shotguns, with a loss of 2 of my men wounded, 1 severely. I will move again to- morrow, my horses being now badly run down.

AUSTIN A. KING, JR.,

Major, &amp;c.

General FISK.

ADDENDA.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 11, 1864.

Major KING,

Commanding Sixth Cav. Mo. State Militia, in the Field, Glasgow:

I congratulate you on the good beginning of the bushwhacking campaign. Strike with vigor and determination. Take no prisoners. We have enough of that sort on hand now. Pursue and kill. I have two of Holtzclaw's men, just captured. They state that he camps, when in Howard County, in the rear of old man Hackley's farm, not far from Fayette.make a dash in there at night and get him if possible. Let a detachment secretly watch his mother's residence. He is home almost daily, and his sisters are great comforters of the bushwhackers. Old man Hackley has a son in the brush. I shall soon send out of the district the bushwhacking families. Go ahead and give us a good report.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1864.- Skirmish near Pisgah, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Major George W. Kelly, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, MO., September 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Kerr, with a detachment of Fourth Missouri State Militia, had a skirmish with sixty guerrillas near Pisgah, Cooper County, yesterday.

