
ninth Infantry, Missouri Volunteers, who had that day arrived and taken command of the place. By his orders I started to return to camp at Hannibal, scouting through the Salt River Hills between Santa Fe and Florida in Monroe County, to the neighborhood of Newport, Ralls County, thence down Salt River to Cincinnati, thence by way of Sidney to camp Kutzner, where I arrived ont he evening of the 16th instant, with my command all safe and sound.

During the whole route I found the country in a state of turmoil and terror, and that it is utterly impossible for a Union men to remain at home with any sense of security.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

JNO. D. MEREDITH,

Captain Company D, Thirty- ninth Missouri Regiment.

Lieutenant T. C. TRIPLER,

Adjutant Thirty- ninth Infantry, Missouri Volunteers.

SEPTEMBER 11- 18, 1864.- Scouts in Moniteau and Morgan Counties, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Albert Muntzel, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP AT BIG PINE, MO., September 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of a scout made by twelve men of this company during the last week:

It being reported by two men of the company that a squad of guerrillas was seen three or four miles from this camp on the 11th of this month, I ordered fifteen men out after them. Three of them came back to camp the following morning. The remaining twelve returned to camp last night. They give the following history of the scout:

They got on the trail of these guerrillas near the place where they were seen and pursued them to Tuscumbia, the guerrillas reaching this place at night and the scout the following morning. Captain Brown, commanding a company at Tuscumbia, informed them that he killed 2 of the these guerrillas when they came up to the river,and 4 horses. The gang then scattered in all directions. The scout, learning at Tuscumbia that the rebels had just killed 7 of our men near Mount Pleasant, went on to that place. Not finding the rebels there they moved on in the direction of Tipton, in Moniteau County. When seven miles from High Point, between High Point and Tipton, they suddenly came on a small squad of guerrillas, killed 2, and captured 1 horse, which they brought into camp. They then scouted thoroughly through Moniteau and Morgan Counties, but, meeting with no further success, they returned to camp. They found the country in an awful state of excitement. Union men dare not stay at home, and none sleeping in their houses at night except rebels and their sympathizers, and unless something is done soon Union men must leave the State or be murdered. Our troops are chiefly kept in the smaller towns, while the rebels are roaming at large and devastating the country.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT MUNTZEL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. F, Fifth Ca. Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH A. EPPSTEIN,

Commanding Fifth Cav. Mo. State Mil., Rolla, Mo.

