
an immediate attack on Fort Scott, and from the accounts of Major Ross, district inspector, just from that post,it is doubtful whether Price is at Cane Hill. Unless the general has given instructions about the train which is to leave Fort Scott on Wednesday next, I think it can reach the supporting force from Fort Gibson without molestation, and had therefore better be permitted to start. Ten companies, 300 stragglers, and a section of artillery will accompany it. I desire a telegraphic reply in order that I may give such instructions by to- morrow's mail to Colonel Jennison as may seem proper.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major- General, Commanding.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Department Headquarters.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel James M. Williams, Seventy- ninth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Pryor's Creek, September 20, 1864.

I arrived here at 11 a. m. yesterday, and met the advance of Gano and Stand Watie's command, consisting of 2,300 men with six pieces. The enemy had captured the train and post at Cabin Creek in the morning, and were returning with their booty (this information is from a prisoner). my command (all infantry and artillery) was completely exhausted, having marched eighty- two miles in the last forty- six hours, carrying their knapsacks. I immediately formed my line and prepared to give battle. Skirmishing was kept up until 4.30 p. m., when the enemy's line came within range of my Parrott guns, and I soon drove them back and continued skirmishing until dusk, and bivouacked in line of battle on the field. This morning the enemy has disappeared, it is supposed across the Verdigris. Had my troops been fresh I think I could have recaptured the train; as it was, I was unable to move without rest. Major Foreman will come on to Neosho to guard the shall fall back to Flat Rock to- day, unless I get further information of the enemy.

Very restfully,

J. M. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Troops in the Field.

Co. C. W. BLAIR.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain James H. Bruce, Second Indian Home Guard.

MACKEY'S LICK, C. N., September 14, 1864.

SIR: This morning about 7 a. m. a large body of rebels, number not known, came within seven miles of this place and killed 1 nigger and ran one of Company F into camp. The rebels came from the west on

