
the 13th. Yesterday my scouts were over the Arkansas River and discovered a rebel force at John Drew's Lick. My men crossed a fresh trail of about forty men made on the 12th near Drew's Lick. As quick as I can get my horses up I will try and find out about this party above me. The same party, I think, killed an Indian on the 12th twenty miles above me on this river.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BRUCE,

Captain, Commanding at Mackey's Salt- Works, C. N.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.

P. S.- I wish that the provost- marshal would send to this place or put in the guard- house every on of my soldiers found in Gibson with- out proper authority. Good many sick here.

J. HARVEY BRUCE.

Numbers 5. Report of Major John A. Foreman, Third Indian Home Guard.

CABIN CREEK, September 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

The train has been captured on the 19th instant, one- half burned and the balance carried away. The destruction is complete. Colonel Williams, with his brigade, came upon them at Pryor's Creek, and after an artillery duel, the enemy retreated southwest. They crossed the Arkansas River, strewing the road with quartermaster and commissary stores. On reaching this point I found Doctor Ritchie at his post, and only for his remaining the wounded would have been murdered and the hospital sacked, all of which has been saved by his prompt and efficient conduct. I will finish burying the dead to- morrow, nd collect such Government property that I find scattered, of which I will report to- morrow. I will move on the 22nd to the Neosho Crossing. There I will await orders, expecting such from Fort Scott, to escorting the next train down.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. FOREMAN,

Major Third Indian Home Guard.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.

Numbers 6. Reports of Major Henry Hopkins, Second Kansas Cavalry.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., September 22, 1864.

I would respectfully make and forward the following report:

The supply train under my command having been repaired and loaded at Fort Scott, Kans., I moved on the 12th of September with as much dispatch as the condition of the animals would permit for this place.

