
in the re to be of any effect. The rebels have no doubt concentrated at Baxter Springs. I would be glad if you would send me about 200 men immediately, and, with what men I can get, will clean out that country. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. D. HUBBARD.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain James L. Powell, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union.)

CAMP PHELPS,

Near Cassville, Mo., July 22, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 30, dated headquarters Post Cassville, July 18, 1864, in charge of a detachment of twenty- five men of the Second Arkansas Cavalry as escort to Lieutenant Burns, First Arkansas Infantry, I proceeded to Fayetteville, Ark., being re- enforced by a detachment of eighteen men of the First Arkansas Cavalry. I left Fayetteville on the 20th instant and marched twenty- two miles in the direction of Maysville, Ark., via Brown's Mills, thence east nine miles, where I encountered about nine rebels, whom I dispersed, killing 2 and wounding 1, who made his escape. I then halted and fed with the intention of giving my horses an men some rest. But at about 9 o'clock I learned that a large force of rebels were advancing upon my camp with the intention of surprising me. Satisfied that their force was largely superior to mine, I did not deem it prudent to wait there until daylight. I accordingly cautiously withdrew my men and retired, reaching Cassville, Mo., July 22, 1864, without loss or injury to my command, except one man missing, whom I suspect went to the enemy.

I have the honor to be, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. POWELL,

Captain Company F, Second Arkansas Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel HUGH CAMERON,

Commanding Post of Cassville.

JULY 18 - AUGUST 6, 1864.- Operations in Southeast Missouri and Northeastern Arkansas, with skirmishers at Scatterville, Ark. (July 28), at Osceola, Ark. August 2), and at Elk Chute, Mo. (August 4).

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Itinerary of the District of Saint Louis, commanded by Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel John T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Infantry.

Numbers 1. Itinerary of the District of Saint Louis, commanded by Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army.*

Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Volunteers, in command of about 500 troops, returned on the 7th instant from an expedition down

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

