
disorder, leaving the train, with exception of a few wagons and an ambulance that moved back on the Fort Scott road. I encouraged my men to hold out until daylight, at which time I was in hopes Major Foreman with six companies and two howitzers would arrive and attack the enemy in the rear. In order to move the train across the creek to a more remote position, I made every effort to rally the teamsters and wagon- masters, and while attempting to accomplish this the enemy swung around my right flank and took possession of the road in my rear, rendering all efforts to move the train useless.

On seeing this I collected all the troops it was possible together and moved in a direction east of Cabin Creek, on Grand River, where I was in hopes of joining Major Foreman, and, if possible, retake the train or a portion of it. At daylight I sent orders to the commanding officer at the crossing of the Neosho River (thirty miles north of my position, on the Fort Scott and Fort Gibson military road) to immediately join my with his entire force, and in doing so he would give protection to any portion of the train or command that may have fallen back in that direction. Finding it impossible to join Major Foreman, I sent a messenger to the commanding officer at Fort Gibson informing him that the train had been captured, and I immediately marched for that place, arriving on the morning of the 21st September, at 7 a. m. I expected Major Foreman with his force to join me on the morning of the attack at daylight, but, I find, he was not within forty- five miles of my position at the time the enemy moved upon me. I was not apprised that the enemy's force exceeded 1,200 or 1,500 men until they attacked me. The enemy destroyed most of the train, and did not take from the field to exceed 80 or 100 wagons. Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Wheeler, Thirteenth Kansas Infantry, was on the field at the opening of the engagement. Prisoners escaping report the force of the enemy at the time of the engagement 5,000 strong, with six pieces of artillery, Generals Gano and Watie commanding. I lost in killed, wounded, and missing not to exceed 35 men.

Great credit is due to the commanding officer at Gibson in forwarding re- enforcements, and also to all officers and soldiers under my command throughout the entire engagement for their bravery and gallant conduct.

Lieutenant G. W. Smith, adjutant Thirteenth Kansas Volunteers, rendered during the entire march from Fort Scott and the engagement very efficient service and prompt action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HOPKINS,

Major Second Kansas Cavalry.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant- General U. S. Army.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Edgar A. Barker, Second Kansas Cavalry.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., September 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 18th [16th] instant, while guarding a hay party on the prairie, fifteen miles west of Fort Gibson, C. N., with detachments of Second Kansas Cavalry and First Kansas Colored Infantry, amounting in the aggregate to 125 effective men, I received information from my scouts of an advance made by the enemy, at that time reported 200 strong, in the direction

