
of my camp. I immediately formed my men on a ravine in the rear of my camp, in the most advantageous position, to repel and attack or protect the hay, and, taking a squad of mounted men with me (the rest of the cavalry being dismounted), proceeded to reconnoiter for the enemy, and find out their number and designs. I met them about two miles from my camp, 1,000 or 1,500 strong, with six pieces of artillery. I immediately fell back, skirmishing with their advance which made several unsuccessful attempts to cut me off from my camp; after reaching which i dismounted my men and placed them in the ravine with the others, which was no sooner accomplished than the main body of the enemy appeared and attacked me from five different points, their infantry line moving up to within 200 yards, while their cavalry made three distinct charges, but were each time handsomely repulsed by the colored infantry and dismounted cavalry. After fighting them for half an hour, and finding myself completely overwhelmed and surrounded, and my position every moment becoming more and more untenable, I determined to charge them with my mounted men, and order the infantry and dismounted cavalry to make the best of their way to the Grand River timber, about a mile distant. Mounting my men and selecting the weakest point in their lines, I made at them with a rush they could not withstand, and succeeded in cutting my way through, with a loss of all but fifteen men. The whole force of the enemy then charged into my camp, capturing all of the white soldiers remaining there, and killing all the colored soldiers they could find. Only four out of thirty- seven of them succeeded in making their escape. The enemy captured and destroyed all of my camp and garrison equipage, company books, and papers of every description pertaining to my company. Also a quantity of ordnance and ordnance stores, and 25 mead of public horses, for which I was responsible. Also 12 U. S. mules and 2 6- mule wagons and harness, which were burned, together with all the mowing machines, wagons, &amp;c., belonging to the hay contractors. My whole loss is 40 killed; wounded, missing, and prisoners, 66. I am very much indebted to Lieuts. P. W. Straw and John O. Miller, Second Kansas Cavalry, the whole command, for the alacrity and 	willingness with which they obeyed and executed my orders.

The rebels were commanded by Brigadier General R. M. Gano, and consisted of De Morse's, Gurley's, Hardeman's, and Martin's Texas regiments, Howell's Texas battery (which was not used in the engagement), and 500 Cherokee and Creek Indians, under Brigadier General Stand Watie.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. BARKER,

Captain, Second Kansas Cavalry, Commanding C. Company.

ADJUTANT- GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Charles R. Jennison, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB- DISTRICT, SOUTH KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, Southern Kansas, September 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the first reliable detailed account of the recent disaster to our arms on Cabin Creek, southwest

