
of this post, resulting in the capture of a large supply train and the total rut and destruction of the escort:

From all sources, but more particularly the statement by Captain Cosgrove, of the Second Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, I am enabled to gain the following particulars of the affair: On the night of the 18th [17th] instant Major Hopkins, Second Kansas Cavalry, in command of detachments of the Second, Sixth, and Fourteenth, a total of about 300 men, escorting train to Forts Gibson and Smith, received a dispatch from Colonel Wattles to make all possible expedition to Cabin Creek and remain there until re- enforced, as a large rebel force was marching on his command. Major Hopkins with his command reached Cabin Creek about 12 o'clock on the 19th [18th] from Horse Creek, at which point the dispatch from Colonel Wattles was received. Immediately thereafter a second communication was received from Colonel Wattles notifying Major Hopkins that he would be re- enforced by Major Foreman with six companies of cavalry and two howitzers. About 4 p m. the commanding officer at Cabin Creek notified Major Hopkins that his scouts had seen a rebel force, apparently about 100 strong, when the major in person with a detachment of twenty men started to ascertain the correctness of the report. One man was seen on the prairie, a lieutenant of an Indian regiment, who was followed to the picket- lines of a large body of troops posted in the timber. This force being too strong to attack the detachment fell back on the main command with the train. The wagons were immediately corralled and Major Hopkins began his preparations for defense.

At 11.30 o'clock the pickets were driven in and reported that the rebels were advancing. The major then formed the escort in line of battle and directed Captain Cosgrove, with twenty- two men, to re- enforce the picket- post which had reported the advance, accompanying the detachment himself. Captain Cosgrove reports that he rode some little distance ahead of the command and almost to the rebel lines before being aware of is proximity thereto. He then retired and informed grove was then directed to place his detachment in position on a small mound near by, and observe their movements while skirmishing with them as long as possible. The rebels continued to advance until the line arrived within speaking distance, when a conversation substantially as follows [occurred] between Captain Cosgrove and the commanding officer of the rebels, the latter asking Captain Cosgrove what his men were. The captain answered, "Federals," and asked a similar question, which was answered, "Rebels, by God!"

Confederate. "Who is your commander!"

Captain Cosgrove. "A Fed. Who is yours!"

Confederate. "A mixture. Will you protect a flag of truce!"

Captain Cosgrove. "I will tell you in a short time."

Captain Cosgrove then informed Major Hopkins of the interview and was directed to receive the flag. Upon being informed of the decision the rebel commander returned no answer, but his line advanced, flanking Captain Cosgrove's detachment on either flank. Not receiving an answer, Captain Cosgrove directed his pickets to fire on the advancing line. The fire was returned and the rebels chargee with a yell, though no shot was fired until the order was given by the rebel commander. The mules of the train were soon stampeded by the fire of the rebel artillery, which opened on our line at 150 yards' distance, the fire being continued until our troops retreated in disorder. Captain Cosgrove states that he does not know where Major Hopkins was at the time

