
but thinks he was cut off from the command. The Indians then retired to the stockade, upon which the rebels opened with the artillery, soon compelling the evacuation of the stockade. The captain reports that while retreating they could plainly see the hay burning at Cabin Creek; there was about 10,000 tons of it. It is the general impression of parties who have returned that the rebel force was a portion of Stand Watie's command, nd that the noted rebel was present in person. The attacking force i supposed to have numbered between 2,000 and 3,000, all well armed and disciplined, and making very effective use of their artillery. The most strenuous efforts were made by the rebels to get the train off, but as yet no positive intelligence has been received of their success or failure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel., Commanding First Sub- District South Kansas.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General, District South Kansas.

Numbers 9. Reports of Captain Curtis Johnson, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. CO. E, FIFTEENTH Regiment KANS. VOL. CAVA.,Osage Catholic Mission, Kans., September 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following details of the late raid, as far as can be learned from those arriving at this post:

The entire train, with all the animals except a few ridden away by stragglers, has been captured and all the escort killed, as they took no prisoners. The main body of the enemy was composed of Cherokee Indians, and after capturing part of the train, in which were sutlers' wagons, they procured liquor, and after becoming intoxicated slaughtered indiscriminately. The latest news received is up to a short time after daylight yesterday morning, when the rebels made their third and final charge. They are known positively to have two regiments of infantry, four pieces of artillery, and the number of cavalry unknown, but must be considerable. Shortly after daylight this morning I dispatched a scout southward under Lieutenant Smith, and at the same time a wagon with rations for those coming up on foot, and the wounded, of which I learn there are a number. Captain Ledger, Company L, Sixth Kansas, with twelve men charged the rebel battery as a 'dernier ressort', and fell within fifteen feet of the muzzle of one of their pieces, both horse and rider being completely riddled wit balls. I shall detain all soldiers who have arms until the danger is passed, and shall keep out pickets and scouts until I find the location of the enemy. It is reported that Major Foreman was within eight miles of the train at the time of the capture with six companies from Fort Gibson and having two pieces of artillery.. I shall await the result of his expedition with anxiety and will inform you at once of any news received. Should anything occur between this and sundown, I will forward particulars per special messenger. Lieutenant Wallingford, Company A, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, has arrived at this post.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CURTIS JOHNSON,

Captain, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant W. H. MORRIS,

Acting Post Adjutant, Humboldt.

