HDQRS. COMPANY E, FIFTEENTH KANSAS VOL. CAVALRY,Osage Catholic Mission, Kans., September 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following additional particulars of the late raid:

Both officers and men have been constantly arriving here during the day. All soldiers with arms I detain. There are now nearly eighty of the latter here. It is my intention, as soon as Lieutenant Smith returns, if he reports favorably, to take my company and go to Cabin Creek with transportation after the wounded, leaving my camp in charge of some one of the commissioned officers now here, and detain all stragglers that may arrive, which, in addition to those already here, will render my camp secure while my company is in the face of the enemy. The latest news received is up to 9 o'clock yesterday morning, when finding themselves completely surrounded and exposed to a withering fire, those yet on the field cut their way through and escaped. Lieutenant Clark, Fourteenth Kansas (now her), cut his way through with six men, losing one, and bringing five safely into camp. Captain Ledger, Sixth Kansas, who was reported killed, arrived here a short time sine. All who witnessed it, speak in terms of the highest praise of his daring charge at the head of twelve men upon the rebel battery.

The following is a list of the officers now at this post: Captain H. P. Ledger, Company L, Sixth Kansas; Captain Thomas Stevenson, Company H, Fourteenth Kansas; Captain J. W. Duff, Company M, Sixth Kansas; Lieutenant W. H. Kendall, Company E, Second Indian; Lieutenant Benj. H. Whitlow, Company H, Third Indian; Lieutenant A. F. Bicking, Company A, First Indian; Lieutenant W. B. Clark, Company E, Fourteenth Kansas; Lieutenant W. P. Phillips, Company B, Second Kansas; Lieutenant E. W. Lucas, Company G, G, Sixth Kansas; Lieutenant Levi F. Stewart, Company I, Sixth Kansas; Lieutenant J. Brooks, Company M, Sixth Kansas. Several of the above- named officers will proceed to Fort Scott to- morrow.

Lieutenant Jennings, Company D, Fourteenth Kansas, is supposed to have been captured, and is reported by officers now here as being in a state of beastly intoxication when last seen on the field. In conclusion I have the honor to request that you will inform the commanding officer that any re- enforcements for this post will be most thankfully received.

CURTIS JOHNSON,

Captain, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant W. H. MORRIS,

Acting Post Adjutant, Humboldt, Kans.
HDQRS. COMPANY E, FIFTEENTH KANSAS VOL. CAVALRY,Osage Catholic Mission, Kans., September 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following details in relation to the late raid:

On Tuesday, 20th instant, 2 a. m., messenger arrived from Cabin Creek, reporting train captured. By 8 o'clock Tuesday stragglers began to arrive, confirming first report. Officers who had arrived earnestly requested me to send subsistence and transportation forward for the relief of the wounded. I dispatched Lieutenant Smith with a detachment and a wagon with rations. During Tuesday p. m. they continued to arrive in large numbers, and were positive that scores on the road would be overtaken and murdered if not assisted. Wednesday morning I placed Lieutenant Brooks, of the Sixth Kansas, in command of all

