
Numbers 10. Reports of Major General Samuel B. Maxey, C. S. Army, commanding District of Indian Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY.

Fort Towson, C. N., September 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I herewith inclose a letter* received last night from General Cooper containing some important information as well as the outline of the move Gano and Watie are now on, as shown by copy of General Gano's letter forwarded yesterday. I respectfully call your attention to the outline of campaign for this district as drawn by me June 27 last. i have long thought that movements of this kind were most valuable for this district. I call your attention to General Cooper's suggestion that the whole of the Indian division go on this move with Watie to Kansas. Several days ago I directed General Cooper to increase Watie's force,if he could spare the men from the rest of the division, As this is a proposition Watie made, I have not thought it advisable to send the whole Indian force, as he might regard himself overslaughed on his own proposition, but expressed the opinion to General Cooper that the troops organized for the new Creek brigade might be spared for this enterprise. So it is, these movements in my opinion will be more valuable (and moves similar) in this district than any that could be made by this command elsewhere. I would be glad to know as early as practicable the part we will have to play.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.

It will be observed that the move of Gano and Watie is a dash that will not interfere with the main move of Watie to Kansas.

S. B. M.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., September 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose official dispatch of Brigadier General Stand Watie, dated 21st instant, giving report oft he fight at Cabin Creek on the 19th; also General Cooper's letter of transmittal, dated Camp Pike, 25th, and extract of letter from Major L. H. Oliver, depot commissary at Perryville, to Captain M. L. Bell, assistant adjutant- general here, of same date. Cabin Creek, where the fight took place, is on the Fort Gibson and Fort Scott road, fifty miles from the former place. Watie was, as his dispatch shows, on Bird Creek on the 21st, two days after the fight. This is about the same distance west- northwest from Gibson. He is evidently giving a wide berth to Gibson, crossing the Arkansas considerably above that point. As he was not pursued on the 21st, as I infer from his dispatch, the only danger was in a force striking his left flank as he came out. The steps taken to meet that (which I do not think likely) will, I think, be sufficient. This expedition was a gallant undertaking, handsomely performed, and the troops

---------------

*See Cooper's report of September 14, p. 781.

---------------

