
engaged deserve the thanks of their country. Should Major Oliver be right in his statement that the wagons were laden with sutlers' stores and clothing, it will be most fortunate no only in supplying to a degree the raged command but will I hope disaffect those for whom I presume they were designed- the Pin Indians.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.

Full particulars will be forwarded as soon as received.

S. B. M.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Perryville, C. N. September 25, 1864.

Captain M. L. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

CAPTAIN: * * * I will give you synopsis of latest news just received. Gurley, Gano, and Watie captured on the 19th at Cabin Creek, C. N., over 250 wagons, 120 prisoners. Our loss slight. Only 130 wagons were saved; balance burned. They wee loaded with clothes and sutler's stores.* * *

L. H. OLIVER,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., September 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith official copies of dispatches received this morning, as follows: Letter of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper, inclosing dispatches, September 27; dispatch from Brigadier General R. M. Gano, September 23 instant; dispatch from Brigadier General Stand Watie, same date; memoranda of information of enemy's movements furnished by Captain J. N. Hildebrand, September 26. I have the satisfaction of saying that these dispatches exhibit the full and complete success of the enterprise, of which your have been previously advised. There has not been a more daring or successful raid according to size during the whole war, nd the officers and men engaged are entitled to the thanks of the country. Cabin Creek, where the main fight took place is fifty miles north of Fort Gibson.

On the 23rd they had crossed and got twenty miles south of Arkansas Rive and sixty miles west of Fort Gibson, from which point they could reach General Cooper's camp at Fishertown in one or two days. Fishertown is four or five miles north of North Fork Town, on the Fort Gibson road. There is an excellent road from North Fork Town to Perryville, distance about forty miles.

I shall issue a complimentary general order, and respectfully request that the same be done by department headquarters, believing the gallant officers and men who have won this signal successfully deserve it, and its effect will be inspiring on all concerned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Shreveport, La.

