
[Inclosure.]

FISHERTOWN, C. N.,

Near North Fork Town, September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: On the 21st of September I started for Gibson, and arrived in the vicinity of that place on the morning of the 24th, and obtained the following information, viz: That General Watie had attacked a Federal train on Cabin Creek, stampeded the Federals, and captured the whole train, killing a considerable number of mules, burned a large number of wagons, and left with the reminder of the train. Was pursued by the Federals and whipped them back. Was followed a second time, and by a larger force, under command of Colonel [Major] Foreman, which returned to Gibson without meeting any success, and reported that the enemy (rebels) and got off with eighty wagons loaded with sutler's goods and commissary stores, including $8,000 worth of blanks [blankets]. After giving up the idea of recapturing the train about 100 Indians were sent to Mackey's Salt- Works to make salt, and Colonel [Major] Foreman with his command was sent to Kansas to fit out another train. I also learned that General Watie destroyed all their hay on the west side of Grand River which had been put up and salted down. There is a small lot of hay near Gibson, east. The force at Gibson consists of three Indian regiments and two companies of negroes, estimated at about 1,500 men, and three pieces of artillery (all that my informant knew anything about). On the 23rd instant the Thirteenth Kansas Infantry and one negro regiment of infantry were encamped at Dick Thompson's near Gibson. On the 24th they broke camp and left, going in the direction of Fort Smith for some time and going in the direction of Springfield, Mo. There is at this time a very small force at Fort Smith. I further learned that John or Johnson Thompson, of General Watie's command, got drunk and went to sleep, and when he awoke, seeing a body of men and supposing they were Watie's men went to them, and finding they were Federals surrendered. Was carried to Gibson and kept until he was sober, and then marched out and publicly shot.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. HILDEBRAND.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., October 1, 1864.

GENERAL: A private letter received by me this morning from General Gano, dated Camp Bragg, September 29, shows that the expedition under Gano and Watie has got out safely. Camp Bragg is two miles south of Johnston's Dept on the Canadian, on south side of Canadian and near and to the left of the road leading from Perryville to Fort Gibson (the emigrant road). This is all right and I apprehend no further fears as to the safety of the captured property. General Gano says, I brought in 120 wagons and 740 mules. he further says clothing was issued to 2,000 men- 1,200 of his brigade and 800 of Watie's. This is a perfect godsend, as the command was literally raged. The official reports will be forwarded as early as received. I rejoice at this great

