
into Arkansas, having been out seventeen days; had a brisk fight at Osceola, Ark., with Bowen's and McVeigh's companies, of Shelby's command, capturing their camps; killed 7; took 25 prisoners (Confederates), including Captain Bowen.

August 4.- Fought the Second Missouri Confederate Cavalry under Conyers and Guthrie, also Darnelle's guerrillas, all under the rebel Colonel Cowen, routing them completely, killing and mortally wounding about 30; slightly wounding between 30 and 40, and took 28 prisoners. Our loss, Captain Francis, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, killed, and 2 slightly wounded. Result of the expedition:50 killed, including 1 captain, 3 lieutenants; wounded, 40; took 57 prisoners, 2 captains, 200 stand of small- arms, and 200 horses and mules.

Numbers 2. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB- DISTRICT,In the Field, New Madrid, Mo., July 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the north half of this county scouted during the last week by parties from this post, commanded respectively by Captains Preuitt, Edwards, and Vincent, and Lieutenants Burnett, Ralph, and Hodges. no considerable force of guerrillas have been found or heard of in this region, but several small parties whose principal business seemed to be stealing horses and secreting them in the swamps and herding them in the canaries preparatory to their transfer to the rebels southwest have been surprised and routed and their horses captured. The scouting party under Captain Edwards, which left hereon the night of the 18th instant, returned last evening, having killed 2 bushwhackers near James' Bayou,in Mississippi County, and captured and brought in a lot of horses which they were herding in the canebrake of that vicinity. The party under Lieutenant Burnett were kindly furnished transportation on board the gun- boat Huntress, Numbers 58, by its gentlemanly and patriotic commander, Captain Dennis. Lieutenant Burnett landed with his detachment on Island Numbers 8 on the 18th instant, and moved down the island on foot. He came upon a herd of horses, most of which had been stolen or forcibly taken by guerrillas on this side, and swam across onto the island, where three members of the bushwhacking fraternity were guarding them. The bushwhackers escaped, but 18 horses were captured. In the evening the detachment with the horses captured re- embarked on board the gun- boat near the foot of the island and arrived here the same night. The aggregate result of the several movements is 2 bushwhackers killed and 42 horses and mules captured and turned over to the quartermaster here.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Sub- District.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Commanding Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, Mo.

