
success. Gano says he started out with 111 prisoners and reached Camp Bragg with 104. Seven attempted to escape in a dark bottom one night, and 3 were killed and 4 escaped. General G. will leave the command according to orders heretofore issued by you, and come by these headquarters, whence I suppose he will proceed to Shreveport.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans- Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., October 7, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the official report of Brigadier General R. M. Gano of recent operations north of the Arkansas River: The campaign in this Territory since my return last spring from Arkansas has been eminently successful. A steamboat laden with valuable stores has been captured, the boat destroyed, and most of the supplies saved. Several important mails have been taken. One entire regiment almost demolished and its camp destroyed. Many prisoners, horses, mules, and cattle, as well as some wagons, have at different times been captured; some fine pistols and guns taken; a vast amount of hay destroyed, and the campaign has now culminated in what I regard one of the most brilliant and skillfully managed cavalry raids of the war. The moral effect has been very great.

The troops (Indian and white) are in fine spirits. It is believed that had the nature of movements in Arkansas justified remaining for a few week s longer other important results might have followed. It is a source of pride and gratification to me that I am able to report this condition of things. It is hoped that the efforts now being made by the people of Northern Texas, added to what the Clothing Bureau may do, and the captured clothing, will provide the command against the inclemencies of winter. Should it be in the power of the department to completely arm the command, it would render much more efficient service.

I take pleasure in specially commending the commanding officer of this enterprise, Brigadier General R. M. Gano, to the notice of the general commanding the department. It seems to be the universal desire of the brigade that he should be continued in command.

I also call your attention to the noble course of General Watie. General Gano had been recognized a brigadier- general and acted as such before the date of General Watie's commission. General W., however,governed by patriotism, a feeling of delicacy, and, as he considered, justice, raised no issue, but acted in perfect harmony and concert for the common good.

I am glad also to notice the cordial and hearty co- operation of the Indians and whites (offices and men) in this movement. It will be observed that all are reported as having done their duty. The results prove it. I also inclose General Cooper's letter of transmittal.

I call your attention to the report of scout of Captain Fields,* First Cherokee Regiment, near Van Buren, and of Lieutenant Colonel Jack McCurtain,* Choctaw battalion, near Fort Smith, forwarded on Wednesday. If troops could be sent against Fort Smith now it might result in the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

