
evacuation of that place and Fort Gibson. I suppose, however, this will not be done until it is determined that the enemy do not design moving on Washington and Fulton. The same result would be brought about by the recapture of Pine Bluff and Little Rock.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans- Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.

Numbers 11. Reports of Brigadier General Douglas H. Cooper, C. S. Army, commanding Indian Division.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,In the Field, September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have just received information that a considerable portion of the Federal forces has moved from Fort Smith, twenty- two miles toward Gibson, to camp between Big and Little Sallisaw, on the Whisky road. Generals Watie and Gano have been ordered across the river; will cross above Gibson to- morrow night, sweep around by William Alburty's, twenty miles above Gibson at Grand River, destroy a large hay camp here, take in mules, &amp;c., herded; perhaps run into a train now expected from Fort Scott; return by Mackey's Salt- Works and the camp on Sallisaw and back, recrossing Arkansas at the mouth of Canadian or Webber's Falls. If Gibson is weak enough they may look in there. The above is the programme, and I have faith that we shall have a good report before long from the north side. I have ordered the Second Indian Brigade, except the Choctaw battalion, across to this road, leaving McCurtain to watch the road to Fort Smith, southeast of this. I think the Federals have heard of Price and are preparing to bolt. What detains Duff's regiment and battery! I am afraid they will be too slow on the trigger and the Federals escape. I have not force enough to take them in, if, as General Dick Taylor would say, "They get bunched up." But we will try to make them drop some of their plunder.

Respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier- General.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

N. B.- Now is the time, if there is any force of consequence southeast of Fort Smith, to push the Federals; they will leave in a hurry. General Price might give Fayetteville a " side wipe," any way, as he passes up. Where is Cabell; where Brooks! There are nearly 800 Arkansas Federals (Harrison's regiment) at Fayetteville.

D. H. C.

P. S.- The preparations for the expedition into Kansas will not be interrupted by the raid, but are going on. The project of a raid into Kansas up Neosho in conjunction with a movement into Missouri is as

