HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, C. N., September 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose for the information of General Maxey communications just received from Generals Watie* and Gano,+ reporting result of the raid north of Arkansas, which is as brilliant as any one of the war.

Respectfully,D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier- General.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

P. S.- My scouts having yesterday reported that the Federals had abandoned the pursuit of General Watie, I shall halt here until he arrives, on which I think will be to- morrow or next day at latest. I have sent Colonel D. N. McIntosh, with 400 Creeks, to scout between the Creek Council Ground and Gibson and cover the train, and also give me information if the enemy attempt to move out as General Watie gets near them.

Respectfully,

D. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, INDIAN TERRITORY,In the Field, October 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward official report by General Gano+ of the operations north of the Arkansas River of detachment from this command, consisting of First Indian Brigade and brigade of Texas Cavalry, Brigadier General Stand Watie having, as I learn from General Gano, waved rank in his favor; also, please find copy of General Orders, Numbers 26, from these headquarters, which you will oblige me by publishing, with comments or additional order, as the major- general commanding District of Indian Territory may desire to make. Prisoners captured are sent in charge of Colonel James Duff, commanding Texas Cavalry brigade.

Respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant- General, District of Indian Territory.

Numbers 12. Report of Brigadier General Stand Watie, C. S. Amy, commanding First Indian Brigade.

BIRD CREEK, September 21, 1864.

GENERAL: On the morning of the 19th we attacked the enemy's post at Cabin Creek. After a fight of six hours drove the enemy away. The train was there, which was captured- over 250 wagons. We have now over 100 wagons with us. Will cross Arkansas at Tulsa Town

---------------

*Of September 23, pp. 784,788

+Dated September 29, p. 788

---------------

