
and fall into your road made 1861, the route I took last winter. Dispatches can be sent to me on that route. Enemy in force was on Pryor's Creek on the evening of the same day of the fight. We have 120 prisoners along.

Our loss is very slight- 2 men killed and few wounded.

The enemy may attempt to cut us off. Perhaps it would be well to open communication with us on the route. We are short of ammunition. The blow will be severely felt by the enemy. His loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners is over 200.

Your friend,

STAND WATIE,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Division.

CAMP BETWEEN ARKANSAS AND DEEP FORK,

September 23, 1864.

GENERAL: My not of the 21st, dated at Bird Creek, near Milton's, was sent on that morning. The messenger returned the same evening, having taken an alarm. He may still be delayed. I send another. We have traveled finely so far with 129 captured wagons. On the 16th we dashed into a cap of the enemy near Mr. Alburty's, dispersed them; over 100 killed, 85 prisoners captured. We burned a large amount of hay. On the morning of the 17th [19th] met the train at entire train of 250 wagons w as captured. The loss on the part of the enemy in killed was considerable. Great many mules were killed, others stampeded, wagons broken, which were burned together with wagons for the post. Here also a large amount of hay was burned. Our loss is slight- only 2 from this brigade killed, few wounded, none very serious. The loss of the Texans is also small. In my note of the 21st I stated the route would be the road made by you in 1861, but I have taken the left leading to Shields, on the deep Fork, and if the way is clear we should fall in at the Creek Council Ground, from thence to North Fork Town.

Your friend,

STAND WATIE,

Brigadier- General.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Division, Indian Territory.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INDIAN BRIGADE,Camp Bragg, October 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following for the information of the general commanding as my report ofthe operations of the troops of this brigade in the recent raid in the enemy's rear and west of Grand River. Previous to setting out on this expedition I had informed the general commanding that from the active service in which my brigade had been engaged since 31st of July before Fort Smith that my horses were not in condition to do much service. He then informed me that I could get additional fresh troops from the Texas brigade.

