
On the 12th ultimo Brigadier- General Gano called on me at Camp Corser,when the expedition was determined upon, and the general commanding so informed.

On the 13th I joined General Gano at Camp Pike, and the same evening arranged the plan of the expedition. By an arrangement with General Gano each one of us was to command his own troops, but act together and harmoniously. This we concluded to be the better plan, as the two brigades did not belong to the same division an were temporarily thrown together. I have had no cause to regret this arrangement, the conduct of General Gano on all occasions being such as might be expected of so gallant an officer.

On the 14th we marched to Prairie Springs, General Gano's forces amounting to some 1,200 and Howell's battery of six guns. my command consisted of 200 First Cherokee Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel C. N. Vann commanding; 150 Second Cherokee Regiment, Major John Vann commanding; 125 First Creek, Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Chekote commanding; 200 Second Creek, Colonel T. Barnett, and 130 Seminoles, under Colonel John Jumper, the whole force amounting to about 2,000.

On the 15th, my brigade composing the advance, I dispatched Major Vann with regiment on the right flank, with instructions to throw scouts out as far as the river on the extreme right, which he did, but failed to find any of the enemy's parties on the south side of the river. He crossed the Arkansas River at the Creek Agency. On the north bank of the river discovered one Federal Creek, who being fired upon escaped, leaving his horse and equipments in our possession. The remainder of the expedition crossed the river six miles above the agency. The river being deep we were delayed a short time, crossing artillery ammunition on our horses. Encamped first at Camp Pleasant, on Blue, four miles below Chosky.

On the 16th instant crossed the Verdigris River at Sand Town. about noon discovered a party of the enemy at work putting up hay on the road to Fort Scott, twelve or fifteen miles above Fort Gibson. Lieutenant-Colonel Vann, First Cherokee Regiment, and Captain Strayhorn, commanding Thirtieth Texas Regiment, were dispatched to the right, with instructions to gain the enemy's rear and to intercept his escape to the timber on Grand River. This movement was exposition and opened a vigorous fire on the enemy, who were encamped on a small creek on the prairie. They were driven into the creek and protected themselves from our fire by the banks. General Gano moved his command directly to the front, and my brigade took the let, and in a short time the enemy were completely surrounded. Owing to the distance and the rapidity of movement of my command the line became somewhat broken, when a party of about sixty- five of the enemy's cavalry attempted to break through, but only four succeeding in making their escape; the rest were either killed or captured. The engagement lasted but a short while owing to the great superiority of our numbers and the complete surprise of the enemy. Lieutenant Porter, Second Creek Regiment, captured 7 of Second Kansas all armed with six- shooters. The whole number of prisoners was 85, about as many killed, and but few escaped. The enemy were two companies ofthe Second Kansas and one company of negro troops. Here we burned large quantities of hay- not less than 3,000 tons- in ricks and upon the ground; also a number of wagons and several mowing machines.

50 R R- VOL XLI, PT I

