
direction of Fort Scott. I accordingly sent Lieutenant-Colonel Vann with the two Cherokee regiments across the creek on the left to gain the enemy's rear and intercept the trains. He gained the position, but no wagons were crossing. He captured 18 prisoners.

After daylight we discovered the enemy's true position and moved a section of Howell's battery on the left, supported by the First and Second Creeks, and opened a vigorous fire from this advantageous position on his encampment and fortifications. The Seminole and Twenty- ninth Texas Regiments, moving on the left of the battery, drove the enemy from his cover and through the encampment. Soon the confusion became great in his ranks and a general stampede ensued, leaving in our possession his train, stockade, hay, camp and garrison equipage. Many of his dead and wounded were also left on the field. Among our killed were Lieutenant Patterson, adjutant Seminole Regiment. He fell at his post gallantly doing his duty. His loss is great and irreparable to his command. Of the Texas brigade 7 were killed on the field. A complete list ofthe killed and wounded of this brigade will be furnished. Among the wounded are Major Vann, severely through the neck; Captain Taylor, dangerously through the thigh, and Captain Shannon, slightly in the breast- all ofthe Second Cherokee Regiment; and Lieutenant Richard Carter, Company C, First Cherokee Regiment, slightly.

The enemy's forces consisted (from the best information received from prisoners and others at their hospital ofthe garrison before mentioned) of 300 Indian Home Guards, 280 escort from Fort Scott, 150 re- enforcements from Fort Gibson, 250 teamsters, armed for the occasion, and many Pins, who came in on hearing of our approach. his numbers were, therefore, between 900 and 1,000.

Lieutenant Colonel C. N. Vann, Major John Vann, commanding First and Second Cherokee Regiments; Colonel Barnett, Second Creek Regiment; Colonel John Jumper, Seminole Regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Chekote, First Creek Regiment, deserve the highest commendation for their gallant conduct during the whole engagement, which lasted from 3 to 9 a. m. The greater part of this time they were under constant fire.

Major J. A. Scales, assistant adjutant- general; Lieutenant Saladin Watie, aide- de- camp, and Sergt. Major Patrick Patton, First Cherokee Regiment, merited particular notice for the prompt and efficient aid rendered in keeping their troops in order, and for their brave and soldierly bearing on all occasions.

The conduct ofthe officers and men generally was fine, nd all, with- out distinction, are entitled to great credit.

The train was composed of 250 wagons, besides post wagons loaded with Government quartermaster's,commissary, and sutler's supplies. Many of the wagons were so broken by the stampede ofthe teams when the artillery opened on the camp that it was impossible to bring them off. We crossed Arkansas with 130 wagons; all the rest were burned; also ten ricks of hay, each containing 500 tons. mowing machines and everything in camp was destroyed. After getting out all the wagons possible under the circumstances we moved southward in good order. Near Pryor's Creek we met enemy's re-enforcements going to the train. We drove them back several miles. The train moved during the night northwest and crossed Pryor's Creek higher up; crossed Verdigris next evening at Claremore's Mounds. Nothing of interest transpired during the rest of the march.

