
The greatest unanimity and good feeling existed between the officers and men of the two brigades. The fortitude and endurance displayed in the long and constant march for several consecutive days and nights speak for them the highest praise.

The actual loss in dollars to the enemy will exceed $1,500,000. The damage is inestimable and irreparable from the lateness of the season. The expedition returned after an absence of sixteen days.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

STAND WATIE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. B. HEISTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 13. Reports of Brigadier General Richard M. Gano, C. S. Army,commanding brigade.

CAMP SOUTH OF ARKANSAS RIVER TWENTY MILES,

About Sixty Miles from Gibson, September 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have not written you before because I could not get an courier. We engaged the enemy on the 16th, 17th, 19th, and 20th instant; were successful every time. Killed, wounded, and captured about 323 of the enemy. Lost 23 killed and wounded in all; 7 killed. We captured the entire train (247 wagons and about 700 mules). We are bringing about 130 wagons, 165 prisoners, mules, and stores. I will make out a full official report as soon as I reach camp. We burned all the train not brought out. Our men behaved gallantly. The enemy had strong position at Cabin Creek and held out six hours. God has blessed us.

Your obedient servant,

R. M. GANO.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER.

CAMP BRAGG, September 29, 1864.

GENERAL: I left camp on the morning ofthe 14th with 1,200 men from my brigade and Howell's battery. Was accompanied by General Watie with a detachment of 800 men from his brigade to make an expedition north of the Arkansas River and found it swollen so as to make it a difficult passage. It required six hours to cross the river; hard work. All the artillery ammunition had to be packed over by hand, and many of our brave boys were plunged beneath the waves in consequence of quicksands. We encamped in the river bottom, two miles above Redbank's Ford and thirteen miles northwest from Fort Gibson.

On the 16th we proceeded on our way, crossing the Verdigris at Sand Town Ford, about eight miles from the hay camp at Flat Rock. From this point I sent Gurley's regiment, accompanied and piloted by a de-

