
tachment from General Watie's command,around to the rear of the enemy's camp, while we proceeded slowly toward the camp. General Watie and staff with my staff accompanied me to the top of a mountain while the command was halted below, and from our elevated position we could view their cps, and with spy glasses could see them at work making hay, little dreaming that the rebels were watching them. From thence we moved to within one mile of their camp unperceived, and I sent Lieutenant- Colonel Welch to the right with a column composed of the Twenty- ninth and Thirty- first Texas Cavalry (De Morse's and Hardeman's) while General Watie conducted the Indian column to the left, while I carried forward the center, with Howell's battery supported by Martin's regiment, the Gano Guards,under Captain Welch, and Heard's and Glass' detachment of companies. I could distinctly see Captain Strayhorn formed in the enemy's rear. The clouds looked somber and the V-shape procession grand as we moved forward in the work of death. Then commenced a running fight with the enemy's cavalry, while with the center I moved down and engaged their infantry. I sent Major Stackpole with a captured Federal lieutenant under flag of truce to demand surrender, but they fired upon my flag and then commenced the work of death in earnest. The sun witnessed our complete success, and its last lingering rays rested upon a field of blood. Seventy- three Federals, mostly negroes, lay dead upon the field.

We captured 85 prisoners and left 5 badly wounded. We captured and destroyed their camps and stores with large quantities of hay. Our loss was 3 wounded.

We slept upon the battle- ground and found next morning the enemy at sunrise on the 17th advancing from north and south. I sent Hardeman's battalion, under Major Looscan, southward to meet the force from Fort Gibson while we proceeded northward and drove off the cavalry without a fight. Major Looscan engaged the enemy, killing 1 and lost none. We now proceeded with the whole force northward toward Fort Scott to meet the expected train. We proceeded almost to Rock Creek, and hearing nothing of the train we feared lest they might have taken the road east of Grand River. We encamped on Wolf Creek midway between the roads; scouted both and learned that the train had not passed.

On the morning of the 18th I proceeded with 400 men and two pieces of artillery toward Cabin Creek, leaving General Watie in command of the camp. I found the enemy at Cabin Creek with a train of 255 wagons and an immense herd of mules grazing on the prairie. We were as yet undiscovered, and I dispatched a courier to General Watie to bring up the balance of our force and the other four guns, which he did without delay. The enemy found us before dark, but my force was secreted and their efforts to ascertain our strength were ineffectual. General Watie arrived about 12 o' clock, and I immediately moved the whole column forward, Lieutenant- Colonel Welch's command in front with the Gano Guards and Head's company as flankers. When within half a mile ofthe enemy I formed in line of battle, Colonel Welch on the right, second Major Mayrant, third Howell's battery, supported by the Gano Guards, Head's and Glass' companies; fourth Major Looscan and Captain Strayhorn, commanding Gurley's regiment, ont h left. General Watie's command was formed on the left of my brigade. Having ascertained that the enemy were about moving their train, I advanced the entire line to within 500 yards ofthe enemy's position. An officer

