
As we moved back with our train we met a re- enforcement from Forts Smith and Gibson going up to protect the train, consisting of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. We drove them back three miles and a half, held them in check all night, and created the impression that we had parked the train for the night by running an empty wagon over a rocky place for two hours, while our train was being moved with all possible dispatch toward Arkansas River. The day found us separating rapidly, we following our train, while they were retreating toward Fort Gibson. We expected to fight at Arkansas River, and hurried forward with all dispatch day and night. For three days and nights our boys were without sleep, except such as they could snatch in the saddle or at watering places. They dug down backs, cut out trees, rolled wagons and artillery up hills and banks by hand, kept cheerful, and never wearied in the god cause, and came into camp rejoicing on the 28th instant.

We were out fourteen days, marched over 400 miles, killed 97, wounded many, captured 111 prisoners, burned 6,000 tons of hay and all the reapers or mowers- destroyed altogether from the Federals $1,500,000 of property, bringing safely into our lines nearly one- third of this amount (estimated in greenbacks).

Our total loss was 6 killed, 48 wounded- 3 mortally.

The officers and men behaved gallantly. General Watie was by my side at Cabin Creek, cool and brave as ever. Lieutenant- Colonel Welch, commanding Twenty- ninth; Major Mayrant, commanding Martin's regiment; Major Looscan, commanding Thirty- first; Captain Strayhorn, commanding Thirtieth; Captain Welch, commanding Gano Guards; Colonel Vann and Major Vann, commanding Cherokees; Colonel Jumper, of the Seminoles and Creeks, deserve great praise. Besides captains and lieutenants, many were noticed by me of whom I cannot now speck, for space and time will not allow.

Captain Howell and lieutenants of the battery deserve special mention for gallantry and efficiency. Captains Nicholson and Mathews, Lieutenants Wall and Gano, Adams and Smoot, majors Stackpole, Eakins, Captain Pulliam and Doctor Sears, of my staff, all were there and did their part well. Also Major Scales and Lieutenant Watie, of General Watie's staff, did nobly. I wish I could name all. The men all did well and laid up for themselves imperishable honors. They fought as the brave patriot fights. Our cause is dear to their hearts, and to say they were in the Cabin Creek fight of the 19th is honor. While all did their duty, let us give God the praise and thank him that the victory is ours.

Your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

R. M. GANO,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Division.

DALLAS, October 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I notice in looking over my reports that I omitted the name of Colonel Chekote. You will please have his name inserted just after that of Colonel Jumper. No regimental commander was more zealous than Colonel C. Cheerful in the discharge of duty and gallant on the field, I regret the omission, but my report was hurriedly

