
The brilliancy and completeness of this expedition has not been excelled in the history of the war. Firm, brave, and confident, the officers had but to order and the men cheerfully executed. The whole having been conducted with perfect harmony between the war- worn veteran Stand Watie, the chivalrous Gano, and their respective commands, ending with the universal expression that they may again participate in like enterprises, the commanding general hopes that they and the rest of the command may soon have an opportunity to gather fresh laurels on other fields.

II. In the departure of General Gano he takes the best wishes ofthe commanding general, and it is a matter of pride to record in general orders the gallant bearing, energy, and promptness which has characterized that officer in the execution of every order and instruction from his brilliant dash at Diamond Grove to the splendid achievement at Cabin Creek. While the circumstances attending require his immediate transfer, the commanding general hopes that it may be of short duration.

By command of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper:

T. B. HEISTON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 61. Fort Towson, C. N., October 7, 1864.

I. The major- general commanding announces with pride and pleasure the series of brilliant victories on the 16th, 17th, 19th and 20th ultimo north of the Arkansas River, by the troops under the leadership of the gallant and chivalrous Gano and the noble old hero, Stand Watie, accompanied by Howell's battery.

Of this expedition General Gano in his official report says:

For three days and nights our boys were without sleep, except such as they could snatch in the saddle or at watering places. They dig down backs, cut out trees,rolled wagons and artillery up hill and banks by hand, kept cheerful, and never wearied in the good cause, and came into camp all rejoicing on the 28th. We were out fourteen days, and marched over 400 miles, killed 97, wounded many, captured 111 prisoners, burned 6,000 tons of hay and all the reapers and mowers- destroyed altogether from the Federals $1,500,000 worth of property, bringing safely into our lines nearly one third of this amount (estimated in greenbacks). Officers and men behaved gallantly.

Of General Watie, he says: "General Watie was by my side, cool and brave as ever." Of the whole command he says: "The men all did their duty and laid up for themselves imperishable honors."

Throughout the expedition I am rejoiced to say perfect harmony and good will prevailed between the white and Indian troops, all striving for the common good of our beloved country. For gallantry, energy, enterprise, dash, and judgment, and completeness of success this raid has not been surpassed during the war. The major- General commanding deems this a fit occasion to say that not the least of the glorious results of this splendid achievement is the increased good will of the Indian and white troops toward each other, and the increased cheerfulness and confidence of all in their prowess an ability to whip anything like equal numbers. Throughout the year the morale ofthe command has been steadily on the increase. For the troops of the indian Territory this has been a year of brilliant success. Your Arkansas campaign is part of the recorded history of the country.

