
Since your return almost every part ofthe command has been engaged. A steamboat laden with valuable stores has been captured; a regiment has been almost demolished in sight of the guns of Fort Smith, the survivors captured, and the camp destroyed; many guns and pistols have been taken; mail after mail has been captured; hay camps almost without number have been destroyed and the hay burned; horses, mules, and cattle have been wrested from the enemy and driven into our lines; vast amounts of sutler's stores have been captured; wagons have been burned in gunshot of Fort Smith; the enemy has been virtually locked up in his forts, and your successes have culminated in this most glorious victory, over which the telegraph informs us the enemy is now wailing.

In our rejoicing let us not forget our gallant comrades in arms who have offered up their lives upon their country's altar of freedom- priceless sacrifices to their country's redemption. If there be widows and orphans of these gallant men seek them out and deliver this poor tribute to their worth, and let us remember the sufferings of our wounded and offer them the tears of sympathy.

Soldiers! there is a cruel enemy still cursing your country; there is still work to do. You have proven what you can do. Remember that strict and cheerful obedience to orders, strict discipline, and thorough drill will render you still more efficient as soldiers ofthe holy cause. Your commanding general has every confidence in your ability and willingness to take and perform any part you may yet have in the ensuing campaign.

II. It is ordered that this order be read at the head of every regiment and battalion and company of artillery and at every post in this district.

III. A copy will be forwarded of this order and the commendatory order of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper to the headquarters Trans- Mississippi Department.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major- General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPT.,

Numbers 81. Shreveport, La., October 12, 1864.

The general commanding announces to the army the complete success of one ofthe most brilliant raids of the war. The expedition under Brigadier- Generals Gano and Stand Watie, penetrating far within the enemy's lines, has captured his forage camp and train, destroyed 5,000 tons of hay, and brought out 130 captured wagons loaded with stores, after destroying as many more, which were disabled in the action. These, with 135 prisoners and more than 200 of the enemy killed and wounded, attest the success of the expedition. The celerity of the movement, the dash of the attack, and their entire success entitle the commands engaged to the thanks ofthe country.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

