
SEPTEMBER 12- 15, 1864.- Scout from Fayetteville to Huntsville, Ark., with skirmish (14th) at Rodgers' Crossing of the White River.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 2.- Captain John I. Worthington, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Fayetteville, Ark., September 18, 1864.

GENERAL: Last Monday, 12th, learning that a party of rebels under Captain Cooper were intending to attack your upward- bound train, I ordered Captain J. I. Worthington to escort it as far as Little Sugar Creek, and thence after leaving the train to sweep up White River toward Richland and Huntsville. I inclose a copy of the report of his expedition. He attacked Cooper's band, over eighty strong, near Jennings' Ferry, on White River, and completely routed him. In the different skirmishes he killed 9 men. He captured Lieutenant Rogers, who left Price at Washington (or Camp Magruder) on the 2nd instant, carrying a large rebel mail to Missouri. He learned that the rebels were on the way to attack your train about seven miles south of Cross Timbers, but had been misinformed as to the time of its leaving this place, and were about twelve hours too late. Worthington burned a rebel tannery, and a large amount of leather in vats and some saddles were destroyed. Our loss, 1 man slightly wounded. Rogers was formerly from Gadfly; says he thinks Price is already north of the Arkansas. All letters captured and information received go to show that a column of 12,000 rebel cavalry is moving or is about to move north into Missouri (probably by way of Batesville); that Price is in command of that cavalry, and that Magruder is left to command Arkansas, and that the rebels expect to winter on the Arkansas River. The rebel Colonels Brooks and Stirman crossed the Arkansas about the 10th with 300 men; camped one night on White River, south of this place; crossed over to Cane Hill, having been joined by Tuck Smith's, Brown's, and other roving bands, which will augment their numbers to nearly 600. As near as I can learn, intention is to attack your next train and use it to transport their plunder south. They expect to move out some rebel families,and take all the roving guerrillas to the main army. This I gather from scouts, who heard Brooks and Stirman express such intentions. I desire you to give Major Galloway a strong escort for his horses, and think it will be necessary to guard well the trains froM Cassville to South Sugar, as the enemy have learned my style of escorting trains to that place and will make the next attack north of it. Send me word a few days in advance of each train and I will send a force to co- operate.

I remain, general, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

