
Numbers 2. Report of Captain John I. Worthington, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

CAMP COMPANY H, FIRST ARKANSAS CAVALRY VOLS,

Fayetteville, Ark., September 16, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from regimental headquarters, I proceeded with ninety- nine mounted men of the First Arkansas Cavalry to escort the train going north on the 12th instant. On the 13th I left the train encamped at the Callahan Springs and went with seventy- five men to Bentonville, where we attacked and disbanded a squad of Brown's and Jefferson's men, killing 3. We returned and encamped with the train that night. On the 14th we left the train on Sugar Creek and marched to the Rodgers Crossing of White River. Here we encountered the combined forces of Carroll, Etter, and Raly, who were marching to attack the train near Keetsville. We charged and dispersed them, killing 5 men, and wounded a larger number, capturing Lieutenant Rogers, Eighth Missouri Infantry, Company L, and a Confederate mail. We then marched to the Shark place on War Eagle Creek and from there to Fayetteville. On the entire scout of four days we killed 8 men and wounded some 10 or 12, captured 35 guns, and killed 11 horses. I was ably assisted by Lieutenants Jernigan and McGuire, of the First Arkansas Cavalry, and Lieutenant Eubanks, First Infantry. In the charge they were in the front and led [the] way with a gallantry that is seldom equaled and never excelled. The conduct ofthe non- commissioned officers and men could not be surpassed.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN I. WORTHINGTON,

Captain Company H, First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant JAMES ALLISON,

Actin Adjutant, 1st Arkansas Cav. Vols., Fayetteville, Ark.

SEPTEMBER 13,1 864.- Skirmish near Searcy, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, September 14, 1864- 9 p. m.

Sergeant Black and three privates, Ninth Iowa [Cavalry], of the party that left the steamboat with dispatches for General West, got in to- day. Each of them was wounded three miles this side of Searcy, where they were attacked by superior numbers. Six out of the party were killed; 16 others taken prisoners.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier- General.

Captain C. H. DYER.

