
SEPTEMBER 13, 1864.- Skirmish at Longwood, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, September 13, 1864.

GENERAL: Major Kelly reports from Tipton bands of guerrillas south of the railroad, moving toward the Osage Hills and River;his troops in pursuit number not stated. A band of thirty- five had a fight at Longwood this morning with Citizen Guards; result not known. Major Mullins had a skirmish near Dover on the 10th instant; captured 2 horses and 3 equipments. Do not know that any of the guerrillas were killed.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers.

Major- General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis.

SEPTEMBER 13-17, 1864.- Expedition from Morganza to Fausse River, La., with skirmishes near Bayou Maringouin (13th), near Rosedale (15th), and near Bayou Maringouin (16th).

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Asa L. Gurney, Second New York Veteran Cavalry.

HDQRS. SECOND NEW YORK STATE VET. CAVALRY VOLS.

Morganza, La., September 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of a raid from which I have just returned:

Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 97, Cavalry Forces, Nineteenth Army Corps, I left camp with 125 men of my regiment at 8 p. m. of the 13th instant, and moved out on the Fordoche road, searching all the houses in which rebels were suspected of being secreted. At Mr. Downing's I encountered a party of fifteen rebels, and captured 1 man and 9 horses, with nearly all their arms and equipments. Arrived on Bayou Maringouin just before daylight. Captain Ratliff was sleeping with his wife in the house of Major Barrow. A gun fired just before I reached the house gave him the alarm, and he escaped by jumping from his bedroom window. His horse, pistols, &amp;c., were captured. Colonel Sparks and Captain Barrow received the alarm by the firing of the same gun and escaped to the swamp. I halted until evening at the house of Colonel Sparks, when I moved down Bayou Maringouin to the place of Mr. Bogan, and halted the command for the night. On the morning of the 15th I moved across to Bayou Grossetete and encountered about sixty ofthe enemy near Rosedale. After a slight skirmish they fled to the woods to escape a charge made by a squadron of my command. Four miles below Rosedale I found a house containing a large quantity of dry goods, medicines, &c. The house was occupied by a Mr. Castle, who ran to the swamp upon our approach. Mrs. Castle had gone to New Orleans. I loaded the goods into a cart and brought them to camp. Camped for the night at Mrs. Mathews', at the junction of Bayous Grossetete and Maringouin. At daylight on the morning of the 16th forded Bayou Thomas; followed a bridle path for about five miles, when I came upon the camp of Major Pryne and captured, after a brief skirmish,

