
five of their houses. On the 2nd we marched through an almost continuous swamp for about twenty miles; struck the settlement near Osceola, Ark., late in the afternoon; soon after came upon a rebel picket, who, after firing, retreated. my advance, under command of Captain Preuitt, pursued, the whole command following up closely until we came upon a main rebel force of that vicinity, under Captains Bowen and McVeigh, when a general charge was made. The rebels fled. A running fight ensued, which was kept up for several miles until the enemy's forces were scattered in every direction. We killed 7, including a lieutenant, and took 25 prisoners, including Captain Bowen. We also captured a considerable number of arms and horses. No casualty on our side. August 3, marched north to the Chicasawba Settlement, crossed Pemiscot Bayou, and encamped in Cowskin Settlement. During the afternoon a scouting party, under Captain Edwards, surprised a party of the enemy and killed 2 of them, capturing their arms and horses. The same evening a foraging party killed 1 of Conyers' bushwhackers. August 4, marched at daylight. Soon came upon a rebel picket commanded by Lieutenant Hedges. The rebels fled, and were pursued by Lieutenant Hiller, commanding my advance guard, and Sergeant Wright's party of scouts. After a chase of two miles, Hedges was overtaken and killed. His men escaped. We pursued the enemy six miles across Dogskin Swamp, when we found him in line of battle in a dense forest, two miles south of Elk Chute,in Pemiscot County, Mo. I immediately formed my battalions in line and attacked him. Our first volley partially broke the rebel line, when I ordered a charge, which was made with spirit. The whole rebel force fell back in confusion. A running fight was kept up for two miles, through the swamp, among the trees, and over logs. The enemy several times succeeded in partially reforming their lines, but each time only to be driven back in greater confusion. The last effort of Colonel Erwin, the rebel commander, to rally his forces we within about 200 yards of the Chute; but the impetuosity of the charge of my battalions on their lines the deadly fire poured into their ranks, and the exultant shouts of my pursuing forces were more than they could stand. They again fled precipitately, many of them rushing, panic- stricken, into the stream, some attempting to swim their horses across, others abandoning their horses and everything else, and seeking to save themselves by swimming, while the rebel colonel, with a portion of his terrified followers, suddenly turned to the right, and, scattering, soon hid themselves in the dense forest and almost impenetrable swamps of that region. Our only loss in this engagement was Captain Francis, of the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, mortally wounded, and 2 enlisted men slightly wounded. The rebel loss was 30 killed, 6 mortally wounded, who fell into our hands, about 40 less severely wounded, who escaped, and 28 prisoners. Among the killed was a captain, and with the prisoners a lieutenant. On the morning of the 5th I had scouting parties out in every direction. They killed 2 guerrillas and took 2 of Erwin' men prisoners. On the same day marched to Gayoso, and on the 6th reached New Madrid without anything further of interest occurring. We killed in all 47, including 1 captain and 3 lieutenants, mortally wounded 6, not mortally abut 40, and took prisoners 57, including 2 captains and 1 lieutenant. We captured upward of 200 stand of arms, including shotguns and common rifles, most of which, however, we were compelled to destroy for want of transportation. We captured, brought in, and turned over to the quartermaster 230 horses and mules. We also emancipated and brought with us near 20 colored

