
Captain Gentles, 2 men, and a number of houses, arms, and equipments; would have captured the whole command, which consisted of Major Pryne, Captains Gentles and Williams, and about thirty men present, had not a single shot been fired when we were about a half mile from the camp, where we met a messenger going out. Camped for the night on Fausse River, and came into camp about 8 a. m. the 17th instant. The following is a list of captures: Three or four thousand dollars' worth of dry goods, 25 horses, 10 mules, 15 pistols, 5 carbines, 8 shotguns, 4 prisoners of war, including 1 captain

Mrs. Ratliff has been stopping at Major Barrow's about a week, and Captain Ratliff has staid with her nearly every night. She came out on Fausse River and waited nearly a whole day to see me; she stated her business to be looking for a mule, but I think her object was to see when I returned to camp and get what other information she could.

A. L. GURNEY,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General, U. S. Forces.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.- Skirmish at Bullitt's Bayou, La.

Report of Captain Thomas M. Elliott, Sixty- third U. S. Colored Troops.
HDQRS. DETACH, SIXTY- THIRD U. S. COLORED INFTY.,Bullitt's Bayou, September 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Yesterday, the 14th instant, about 8 a. m., a squad of rebels, numbering about fifteen attacked our picket on the river bank by slipping up through the brush. They killed 2 outright. They being mounted were soon out of reach of us. I followed them about one mile and a half commanded by Jo. Cause. There is nothing this side of the Tensas, I think, but this squad, commanded by the villain Jo. Cause.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

T. M. ELLIOTT,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. M. GUEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

SEPTEMBER 14- 21, 1864.- Scout in Texas County, Mo., with skirmish (18th) at Thomasville, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Captain Clement G. Laurant, Assistant Adjutant- General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Captain Ferdinand Charveaux, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Clement G. Laurant, Assistant Adjutant- General, U. S. Army.

ROLLA, MO., September 20, 1864.

Captain F. Charveaux, with a detachment of forty- five men from the Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, attacked Colonel Coleman's band

