
of rebels, from 160 to 200 strong, at Thomasville last Sunday morning. Twenty rebels were killed, 12 wounded, 9 captured; 28 horses and mules were also taken. Our loss 1 horse wounded.
C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Ferdinand Charveaux, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

ROLLA, MO., September 21, 1864.

COLONEL: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 154, from headquarters Post of Rolla, I left this post September 14 with Lieutenant Storz and forty-two enlisted men from Companies K and L, Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia; proceeded twenty-five miles on a cross-road toward Houston to James Clift's; I then rested and camped till next morning, September 15. I then started in the direction of Houston,arriving there in the evening, remained over night at the place of A. Jadwin's, near Houston. Next morning, September 16, I received information that several gangs of bushwhackers were in the country. I then started in a southwest direction with the expectation of meeting some. After traveling about six or seven miles I received information that about thirteen bushwhackers had passed through that country the night previous. I went to the house of Richmond, who is bushwhacking with his son. I ordered the things taken out of the houses and had the houses set on fire. I then proceeded five miles farther to the house of Absly, who is out with the bushwhackers, which I had burned in the manner of Richmond's. I went about three miles farther and received information that there was a gang of about fifty bushwhackers in the direction of Spring Valley; I tracked them about six miles, and lost their track through the woods and the hills. I stopped over night at Thomas Kinnan's and started early next morning, September 17, to Spring Valley, where I received information that some rebels had been at Thomasville two or three days previous. I immediately proceeded in direct course for Thomasville, taking by-roads. I stopped over night at the house of William H. Goldsberry's Next morning, September 18, started toward Thomasville. After traveling about three miles I met a man who informed me that Colonel Coleman was to be at Thomasville with his command of about 300 men the night previous. I kept on my route, hastening my speed; six miles this side of Thomasville, at the house of Nallmesses, I was informed that Coleman had camped at Thomasville the night previous. When I arrived within one mile of Coleman's camp the advance guard captured a prisoner, who started that Coleman had 300 men, but that there were only from 160 to 200 in camp. I used the prisoner as guide, and as son as coming in sight of the camp, which was in a field, I gave the order to charge, which was promptly executed by my men, who were eager for the sport. After a half hour's skirmish the enemy were completely routed, killing 20 men and 1 captain (Taylor), captured 10 prisoners, 24 head of horses and 5 mules, nine saddles, and about 30 stand of small-arms, which I was obliged to have broken up except three guns that I brought in, as I

51 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

