
had not transportation or means to bring them here. No loss on our side except one horses slightly wounded. I then marched back to Goldsberry's and fed and went to S. Shopp's, where I stopped all night. Next morning, September 19, started in direction of Rolla. One prisoner in trying to escape was killed by one of my men. Stopped over night at William Thornton's, twelve miles this side of Houston. The next day, September 20, I came as far as Jackson's Mill on Little Piney, and arrived at Rolla to-day at 11 a. m. traveling on an average forty-five miles a day. The horses seemed very much fatigued.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FERD. CHARVEAUX,

Captain Co. L, Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. EPPSTEIN,

Commanding Post.

SEPTEMBER 15-19, 1864.-Operations in Randolph Howard, and Boone Counties, Mo., with skirmish (16th) at Columbia.

Reports of Brigadier General Joseph B. Douglass, commanding Eighth District, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

COLUMBIA, MO., September 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I left Sturgeon yesterday morning with a detachment First Iowa Veteran Cavalry and a detachment Third Missouri State Militia; went into Randolph County. South of Huntsville struck the head of Perche Creek; followed down the creek. Late in the evening I found the trail of a body of rebels; followed them until night. Camped for the night, after traveling about thirty miles. Started early this morning; found that I was on the trail of Perkins, Pitney, Powell, and Bill Stevens, with seventy men. Ran on their pickets about eight miles north of Columbia, killing 1 and running the others three miles. The men scattered in every direction. I have two companies Forty-ninth Infantry in the brush, and learn that they had a skirmish with the rebels to-day, but did not learn the result. My impression is that the rebels are trying to cross the river. My impression is that the rebels are trying to cross the river. I will leave here early to-morrow morning,and intend to use every exertion in my power to exterminate these men. Will report from time to time, as I can find time to write and a post-office to send my letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK.
HDQRS. EIGHTH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Mexico, September 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I arrived at Mexico last evening, having been out six days with 116 men First Iowa Cavalry and about sixty-five Third Missouri State Militia. From Sturgeon we traveled on an average about thirty miles per day, over the roughest portions of Randolph, Howard, and Boone, thoroughly scouring the brush on the Perche Creek, from its head in Randolph County to its mouth in Boone County. We killed

