
2 rebels, captured 2 boys in citizens dress, and not knowing at the time that they were bushwhackers held them as prisoners, but I now have the proof against them that they are bushwhackers. What must be done with them? The largest band found was sixty-six, but on being pursued they scattered and broke up into smaller bands. I found no evidence on the Missouri River of a concentration to cross over south, but found the rebels all over the country in small bands, fleeing and secreting themselves to save their lives from the storm that they seem to see coming. I think that many persons are deserting them and going to the Northern States for safety, and if we could have a first-rate detective on the railroads many of them might be caught.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 16-25, 1864.-Operations in the vicinity of Morganza, La., with skirmishes at Williamsport (16th), at the Atchafalaya River (17th), and at Bayou Alabama and Morgan's Ferry (20th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. forces at Morganza, La.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Joshua J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Captain James E. Willis, Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel Asa L. Gurney, Second New York Veteran Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Henry N. Frisbie, Ninety-second U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Brigade of Colored Troops.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Alexander W. Terrell, Terrell's Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. forces at Morganza, La.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., September 16, 1864.

A company of my men, temporarily detailed on the gun-boat Ozark, captured last night 5 prisoners, 4 horses, and some contrabands. A force of seventy-five men, sent yesterday evening to Williamsport, were attacked by a regiment of rebel cavalry and lost in killed and captured 39 men. I have dispatched Colonel E. J. Davis with a heavy force of cavalry, supported by infantry, to intercept them if possible before they cross the Atchafalaya.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi.

