
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Joshua J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, September 18, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to orders from General Lawler, I marched from this place in support of Colonel Davis on the 16th instant, with the One hundred and sixty-first New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Kinsey commanding; the Twenty-third Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Hill commanding and the Seventy-fifth and Ninety-second U. S. Colored Infantry; the last two named regiments reporting to me under their brigade commander, Colonel Frisbie. I marched nineteen miles during the night, two miles farther than was necessary, owing to want of exact information on the part of the guide, but after correcting my position, I went into camp at the head of Bayou Letsworth, on the ground where out men had been captured that morning. Colonel Davis was proceeding down this bayou toward Simsport, and our camp was within three miles ofthe rear of his column at the time of our halt, but I had not established direct communication with him. In the morning we followed his force seven miles toward Simsport, when we met a messenger from Colonel davis informing me that the rebels had got across the river and that the cavalry was on its return. I halted till Colonel Davis came up, and his information confirming what I had been told, viz, that it was twenty-five miles to Morgan's Ferry by any practicable route from where we were, and the object of my joining Colonel Spicely having ceased to exist by the escape of the rebels to the north side of the Atchafalaya, I decided to return to Morganza. Colonel Davis gave me 200 cavalry and proceeded me with the rest of his force on the return. I marched back about fourteen miles and went into camp at 5.30 p. m., having made forty miles in less than twenty-four hours. This morning I came to camp here, marching about ten miles. My command suffered no loss while out, but many of my men are very foot-sore.

I regret to state that this morning, while Colonel Frisbie was with the rear guard and I was at the head of the column, many men of the Ninety-second Colored Infantry broke from their ranks and commenced stealing poultry, &amp;c. As soon as advised of their actions I put them in order in such a manner that they made no further attempts at pillaging. The Seventy-fifth Colored Infantry is an excellently behaved regiment and I could not but admire their good behavior while the Ninety-second were straggling about houses and yards this morning. The lieutenant-colonel of the Seventy-fifth seems to be an excellent disciplinarian. I have no fault to find with the Ninety-second, except the acts of pillage above named, and Colonel Frisbie assures me that the guilty ones shall be properly dealt with.

I have with reluctance mentioned this matter, that no imputation may rest on my own character as an officer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GUPPEY,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

