
Numbers 3. Report of Captain James E. Willis, Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

MORGANZA, LA., September 18, 1864.

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the scout from Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry and First Louisiana Cavalry, on the 15th and 16th instant, of which I was commander:

The scout was composed of Captain Sheridan, with fifty men from the Eighty-seventh Illinois, and Lieutenant Shaffer, with twenty-five men from the First Louisiana. We moved out on the up-river road at 3 p. m. and encamped near Pringle's about dark. We moved up the river next morning, 16th instant, about sunrise. At Williamsport at picket was found, but dispersed when fired on by our advance. Here Captain Sheridan was left with forty men. I went up the river with Lieutenant Shaffer and thirty-five men; finding no enemy we returned. On arriving at the point where Captain Sheridan was stationed, we were fired on by a rebel picket. We soon found one of our men dead and another severely wounded. Supposing Sheridan had been driven toward Morganza, we pushed down the river expecting to cut through the rebs and join Sheridan, but after passing below the rebs we learned that but one of Sheridan's men had passed; that the remainder had been captured was evident, so we pushed on toward camp as fast as possible. Of the party with Sheridan, 1 was killed, 2 wounded; one of the wounded died in three hours and the other was brought in by a scout and one escaped. In the hands of the enemy, 1 captain and 31 men from Eighty-seventh Illinois, and 5 men from First Louisiana Cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES E. WILLIS,

Captain.

Captain WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Asa L. Gurney, Second New York Veteran Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Fausse River, La., September 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Left camp with 225 of my command at 9 p. m. the 19th and arrived at Bayou Alabama at 7.30 next a. m. after the hardest march I ever had. Crossed the bayou, captured the camp of Captain Ratliff after a short skirmish, and returned to this camp, where I arrived at 1 p. m. to-day, having fed my men and horses but once in the time, as the march was through woods and swamps. Captured at the camp of Captain Ratliff, 1 pieces of artillery, 3 carbines, 6 pistols, 4 sabers, 3 prisoners of war, 15 horses, 4 saddles, large chest of medicines, large quantity of clothing and ammunition, and a large mail. Spiked the piece of artillery, filled it with shell, &amp;c., and sunk it in the middle of the bayou after dismounting it. Water about fifty fee deep. Had no means of bringing it away and the roads were impassable for artillery.

