
What ammunition could not be brought away was thrown in the bayou or burned with the building. Burned the whole camp, which consisted of houses, barns, negro quarters, and a saw-mill. Too much cannot be said in the praise of Lieutenant Westinghouse and Sergeant Cadwell, of my regiment, who swam across the bayou in front of the enemy's sharpshooters and brought across the flat-boat by which I crossed my men.

Inclosed I send you a few of the letters captured; will send more and report more particularly as soon as I can get time. The citizen prisoner, Howard, was arrested, as Mrs. Frank Harding, of Bayou Grossetete, accused him of coming with Captain Pryne and arresting her husband and sending him across the Atchafalaya for during the war on account of his Union sentiments and because he took the oath of allegiance.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. GURNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND VETERAN CAVALRY, NEW YORK VOLS.,Morganza, La., September 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders I left camp with a detachment of my regiment at 7 a. m. the 19th instant, with five days' rations, camp equipage, &amp;c., and halted at 10 p. m. at Poydras' College, on Fausse River, where I established a camp and sent orders to the detachment of cavalry at Grossetete Bayou to report to me by direction of General Lawler. At 9 p. m. the 20th instant left my camp with 225 men (leaving fifty men to guard camp) and moved out to Bayou Maringouin, where I searched every house. At the house of Wiley Barrow I left the bayou and went straight back into the swamp, and after passing over a very muddy road through an almost impenetrable swamp, arrived at Bayou Alabama at 7.30 a. m., having been five hours going over eight miles of road. Halted my command one-third of a mile from the bayou and dismounted my men to fight on foot. Went forward myself to ascertain the position of the enemy; found an island in my front from which some of the enemy were bathing. Width of the bayou to the island about fifty yards. On the opposite bank a camp fire, one piece of artillery in position, a hut surrounded by camp kettles, &c., and three or four men in the water. A flat-boat lay at the opposite bank directly under the piece of artillery. posted sharpshooters behind trees, stumps, &c., to keep the artillery silent and cover a crossing. Brought up my men, while Lieutenant Albert Westinghouse, Company B, and Sergeant Cadwell, Company B, both of my regiment, swam the bayou and brought across the flat-boat, by which I was able to cross thirty men at a time. The enemy disappeared in the woods upon seeing us. sixty men across and I commenced moving at a double-quick into the woods; came upon the camp of Captain Ratliff after one mile and a half march and captured it with but a slight skirmish. The camp consisted of wooden buildings, houses, barns, negroes quarters, and a saw-mill, all of which I burned, except a few quarters occupied by old negroes. Captured at this camp 1 piece of artillery, a few carbines, sabers, and pistols, a large amount of ammunition, including artillery, carbine, and pistol powder, percussion caps, &c., five dozen pairs pants, eight dozen shirts, large supply of commissary stores, camp equipage, &c., also 15 horses, 3 prisoners of war, and a large mail. I was unable

