
to bring away but a very small quantity of the captured stores on account of the bad roads. Many places my men had to dismount and lead their horses, having many bayous to ford and never finding a bridge. I spiked the piece of artillery and sunk it in the middle of the bayou, first dismounting it; water about fifty feet deep and very soft bottom. Destroyed everything of value not brought away. Found at the camp Mrs. Ratliff, the captain's wife. Returned by another road, striking the State road at Robert I. Barrow's, five miles above Livonia; halted at sundown at John Lombard's, where we fed and rested for the first time since the day before. My men were very much fatigued, the work performed by them being of the most laborious character. Resumed the march at 7 a. m. the next day and arrived at my camp on Faussee River at 1 p. m. Broke camp on Fausse River at 7 a. m. 22nd instant, and arrived at this camp at 12 m. I was informed by Mrs. Frank Harding that he husband was arrested by Confederate authority and confined for during the war for taking the oath of allegiance to the United States and for friendliness to our soldiers.

The order was issued for his arrest upon an application signed by Mr. Pullman, of Grossetete Bayou, Mr. Mathews, at junction of Fordoche and Grossetete Bayous; Mr. Ciberth, of Fausse River; Rev. Mr. Smiley, Grossetete; Robert I. Barrow, State road above Grossetete. Mr. Howard, whom I arrested, conducted Captain Pryne and men to arrest Frank Harding and assisted in the arrest. I would respectfully recommend that the parties causing the arrest of Mr. Harding be arrested and confined until Mr. Harding is released and return to his family, which is very large and poor.

The following were the troops under my command on this expedition: Second Veteran Cavalry, New York Volunteers, 234 men; First Texas Cavalry Volunteers, 75 men; total, 309.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. GURNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Henry N. Frisbie, Ninety-second U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Brigade of Colored Troops.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Morganza, La., September 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the safe return of my command. Colonel Guppey, of the Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, having other troops, directed the march, which continued all night. Soon after daylight we reached the point of our destination, which was Morgan's Ford, on the Atchafalaya River, where we found quite a force under command of Colonel Spicely, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry and who treated us courteously and gentlemanly throughout the time I was under his command. For two days we worked at fatigue, building lunettes for the artillery and cutting roads in the woods, so they could be approached under cover. Some officers, apparently acting by authority, seemed hardly able to find enough for the colored troops to do. Lieutenant-Colonel Pearsall, of the Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored

