
Infantry (engineers), who was in charge of the works, became disgusted and returned to Morganza. Some beef procured by a detail from my command from over the river, by permission of Colonel Spicely, for the benefit of the troops, who were suffering some from scurvy, was, in my temporary absence, taken by a cavalry officer, who represented it to be by my order. I am sorry to say there are persons wearing the uniform of a U. S. officer who will not scruple to tell a falsehood to gain some petty advantage and use his uniform to deceive a "poor nigger," and afterward tell his smartness (shame) to his fellows, and then with the air of a clown look around for applause. The evening before we left some buildings on the other side of the river were burned. There seemed to be a general disposition to accuse the colored troops of doing it, and Colonel Spicely seemed to believe the report, and would probably have officially so reported it if I had not positively assured him to the contrary, from indisputable evidence in my possession; but they could not accuse them of burning the buildings the night before they came, the ruins of which were still smoldering, and which was just as wanton an act as the other. Some white soldiers on the road were catching fowls, and no effort was made to stop them. When some officers sent in some of their men to get water a white guard was sent immediately to arrest them to prevent, as was alleged, their plundering, yet no stop was put to the operation of the others. On the return but few men were unable to march and keep up, and not a dozen had to be carried, and in this respect they far exceeded the white troops. In fact, they march as well as any white troops with which they have come in contact. Some sixteen recruits were obtained, and about 150 contrabands. A patient and systematic effort would probably bring to light many recruits, but great pains are taken to hide this class of persons on the approach of our forces. The migration of so many women and children is not encouraged, as they are in incumbrance to the army, and it is not beneficial to themselves. If some officers with a few mounted men are permitted to accompany the cavalry many more recruits could be obtained; but as it is, when they go they have no interest, and in fact discourage the coming of these persons. The policy of breaking up brigades and then mixing white and black regiments to form a new one for raiding purposes temporarily is exceedingly injudicious and productive of much evil and disorganization, and but little good can come of it. No white troops lifted an ax or a spade while out on that trip to work, yet the colored troops marched as far, did as much guard duty, and would probably have fought as hard as the other troops, as they carried as much ammunition and were as well armed, and while the rest lay in the shade we were hard at work.

The constant violation of orders from the War Department by so many commanders falling temporarily in command of colored troops has been the subject of remark and complaint so long that it seems useless to complain again or to mention it, for I have almost ceased to expect justice from any one, for if they will not obey and respect the published orders of the Secretary of War, neither will they those of General Canby, for he has republished this order that prohibits colored troops being required to do an excess of work or fatigue duty over and above those with whom they are associated. The work is no objection to either officers or men, but the manner and the circumstances under which it is required. The slur and stigma of inferiority is what displeases so many officers and makes it so difficult to keep our best officers, for they will not command troops that the Government allows inferiority to become attached to, for they say if the Government

