
persons who wee being held as slaves by rebel masters in Arkansas. Having started out without transportation of any kind, and almost without subsistence, both men and animals subsisted off the enemy. We have, I think, pretty effectually cleared out the guerrillas and punished their accomplices in the Second Sub- District, and seriously checked the operations of the raiders and recruiting parties from Shelby's command in Southeast Missouri and the adjoining counties of Arkansas.

In affords me pleasure to report,in conclusion, that the officers and enlisted men of my command, with scarcely an exception, behaved themselves throughout in the most gallant and soldierly manner. And in this connection justice compels me to mention especially Sergt. John R. Wright, Company G, First Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, whom I earnestly recommend to the proper authorities for promotion.

I remain, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant Colonel Tenth Kansas Vols., Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, Mo.

JULY 18- AUGUST 7, 1864.- Expedition to the Pinal Mountains, Ariz. Ter.

Report of Major Thomas J. Blakeney, First California Cavalry.

FORT GOODWIN, ARIZ. TER., August 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report o the operations of my command, consisting of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Harrover; Company I, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, Captain Simpson, and detachment of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, under Captain Wellman, since leaving this post, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 106, headquarters Apache Expedition, at 4 p. m. on the 18th of July:

First day, July 18.- The direction of march was west of north (the various camps, directions of march, courses of rivers, prominent peaks and mountains are indicated on the accompanying map,* which is respectfully submitted as a part of this report to the Gila River, which was reached an hour before sunset; distance, three miles; road for the first mile sandy and heavy. At this point we halted until sundown, when we marched nine miles and made camp at midnight. Road fair; direction a little north of west. Grass, wood,and water convenient and plenty.

Second day, July 19.- Broke camp at sunset. marched ten miles. Direction slightly north of west. Road rough and heavy. Compelled to haul the wagons across several arroyos by hand. Made camp at midnight 500 yards from the river- bank. Wood plenty. Grass of superior quality, enough for one day.

Third day, July 20.- Broke camp at sunset. Marched two miles and a half, direction northwest; the night being very dark, halted until daybreak.

Fourth day, July 21.- I moved to a more sheltered camp one mile below. Broke camp again at sunset. Marched three miles in a northwesterly direction to a well- covered camp. Grass, wood, and water abundant.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

6 R R- VOL XLI, PT I

