
wants bosses or overseers let them so be employed from those who want the position; but while they bear commissions they want only their fair share of fatigue, but will do any amount of fighting. The people along the road of this raid and the one previous seemed terror stricken at the sight of black troops, and in future, if every raid is answered by black troops, you will soon not hear of one this side of the Atchfalaya River, yet they behaved in a soldierly manner and were at all times under strict discipline. The distance between this place and the Atchafalaya River is so near on a straight line that a couple of regiments could probably in a week make a good road between two points. The value of holding the line of that river is so manifest to one who will look at the subject that probably only very great interests elsewhere have so far prevented, but with this road the same force that holds the Mississippi could also hold that and give quiet and security from Turnbull Island to Bayou La Fourche, and yet be as available in three hours as if at Morganza. An intrenched camp on the west side of that river to cover the operations of the cavalry up and down the river and toward Opelousas, flanked by batteries on the east bank, would make the position impregnable, and no raid need be apprehended from the certainty of its destruction if attempted. The force at Morganza would answer the purpose, and when they are withdrawn, concentrate the troops between here and the Brasher City Railroad, and its occupation would include within our lines a very rich country from which considerable supplies for the enemy are now being drawn, and the abundance of timber would enable us quickly and cheaply to construct a telegraph and keep the wagon road in good order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. N. FRISBIE,

Colonel Ninety-second U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant O. A. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Alexander W. Terrell, Terrell's Texas Cavalry.
HDQRS. TERRELL'S BRIGADE, BAGBY'S DIVISION,Evergreen, September 27, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 20th instant at 3 a. m. a Federal force from Morganza moved against my position at Morgan's Ferry. My advance pickets, who were stationed at a secret post, gave information that one battery of four guns with an advance of cavalry passed the secret post at 2.30 a.m., and that other artillery was approaching with a large body of cavalry. Information which had been received from persons trusted and relied on by me on the 18th compelled the conviction in my mind that a comparatively large force would move from Morganza, with the design to cross and drive me from the line of the Atchafalaya.

On the 17th I had fought a force of Federals, estimated at 4,000 strong, with six pieces of cannon (Nims' battery), and succeeded in driving it back with considerable loss. Owing to this fact I was the better satisfied that the threatened attack on the 20th would be with a heavier force and more mettle than that with which the action was fought

