
in fight after guarding the line of the river did not exceed 100 men and four pieces of canon with the men of the battery. What force of the enemy crossed the river I am unable to determine.

Deserters who were sent forward to brigade headquarters yesterday were among those who crossed in boats brought from Morganza, swimming their horses.

I am aware of the fact that my retreat from Morgan's Ferry in censured by the citizens living near that point, not one of whom came to my relief on the 17th, when from daylight until dark I remained at the battery with less than a hundred men fighting several thousand.

I have forgotten to mention that the ammunition for the battery was nearly exhausted in the engagement on the 17th, and no supply had been received on the 20th, though a courier had been started to send it by express.

I have the honor, major, to remain your obedient servant,

A. W. TERRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major ROBERT M. FRANKLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 18, 1864.-Skirmish near Lexington, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant William Kessinger, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, MO., September 19, 1864.

I learn by telegraph from Lexington that 150 guerrillas attacked a camp of thirty militia in Ray County, seven miles from Lexington, yesterday evening. The militia were badly cut up. The guerrillas started in the direction of Hardin, down the Missouri River. This is probably the band that crossed below Dover.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant William Kessinger, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, September 19, 1864.

Yesterday evening 150 guerrillas attacked the camp of thirty militia in Ray County, seven miles from here. The militia retreated and were severely cut up; particulars not yet ascertained. The guerrillas started in the direction of Hardin, down the Missouri River.

WM. KESSINGER,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain STEGER,

Warrensburg.

