
SEPTEMBER 18-OCTOBER 5, 1864.-Scout on the Cimarron River in Northeastern New Mexico.

Report of Captain Nicholas S. Davis, First California Infantry.

FORT UNION, N. MEX., October 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I left the crossing of the Arkansas on September 18, and arrived at Lower Springs of Cimarron on the 20th, Major Updegraff arriving there the same day. Found water at Battle-Ground, but none from there to Lower Springs, a distance of forty miles, except a little at Sand Creek, found by digging. Believing that there would not be sufficient water on the Cimarron for all the animals under my escort to camp together (over 2,000), I left on the 21st with one-half of my command, escorting the mule trains, leaving Lieutenant Edmiston with the other half to escort the beef-cattle and ox trains, with instructions to start the following day and join me at the Rabbit Ear, where I would await him. I arrived there on the 28th and was joined by Lieutenant Edmiston on the 30th, who reported having left the ox trains at Cold Spring, near Captain Bergmann's camp, the cattle requiring rest. The owners of the beef-cattle wishing to graze October 1, arriving at Fort Union October 5, without loss of men or material, having been absent sixty-three days and marched 912 miles. I have not seen an Indian during this march, except one boy who came into camp on the night of September 16, representing that he was a Ute who had been taken prisoner by the Comanches, and from whom he had escaped four days before arrival in my camp. This Indian I have brought in and now hold subject to your orders. It is my opinion that the depredations have been committed by Kiowas and Comanches; that the stock stolen has been taken to the south on the Canadian and its tributaries, and that trains can travel safely with small escort if proper precautions are taken in camping. My thanks are due to Lieutenant Edmiston for efficient aid rendered.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICHOLAS S. DAVIS,

Captain, First Infantry California Volunteers.

Colonel SELDEN,

Commanding Fort Union.

SEPTEMBER 20-25, 1864.-Scout in La Fayette County, Mo., with skirmish (23d) on the Arrow Rock Road.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas T. Crittenden, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR SEDALIA, MO., September 28, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with Special Orders, No.-, from headquarters District of Central Missouri, I reported to the general commanding said district on the afternoon of the 20th instant, at the depot of the Pacific Railroad, at Warrensburg, Mo., with eighty commissioned and non-commissioned officers and privates of the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia; thence proceeded by rail, under the general, to Tipton, Mo., where I remained with my command until the morning of the 22nd

