
instant, when I received Special Orders (Field), Numbers 2, to proceed with the detachment of the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, by the way of Dug Ford, on the La Mine, and into the eastern portion of La Fayette County, Mo., thoroughly scouting the country in search of any bands of guerrillas which may be infesting the country. I moved from Tipton in obedience to said orders; traveled northwest in the direction of the Dug Ford, on the La Mine River, until I reached the camp of Captain Vansickler, Company L, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. Held a consultation with him; learned that forty rebels, under some unknown leader, had passed twelve hours preceding that time at Dug Ford. I deemed it best to place a guard in ambush of Captain Vansickler's company of the Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia; then to assume a more westwardly direction; cross the La Mine six miles above the Dug Ford, at the Willow Ford; move out upon the Buffalo Prairie, at the same time vigilantly guarding this latter ford, thereby sincerely desiring to make this chief passway between Saline and Cooper Counties somewhat memorable in the minds of lawless desperadoes. This move was quietly made after night, no living resident being cognizant at the time that Federals had bivouacked in that section of the country.

At daylight next morning I moved five miles in the direction of Arrow Rock, ascertaining no movements of any gangs demanding attention. I proceeded west on the north side of Blackwater fifteen miles, and as we were moving along the Arrow Rock and Brownsville road we came upon five guerrillas, the leader being Bill Jackson (it is supposed from facts learned of citizens), upon whom my advanced guard opened fire immediately. With the rapidity of thought the trained guerrillas dashed recklessly through the scrubby oaks down and up the most precipitous hills, rendered more ragged by the accumulated quantity of unsettled stone upon their sides. My command pursued with the same fearless horsemanship, making the woods ring with the clear report of their guns. One guerrilla was killed. I lost none from my command. I suppose this small gang was so handsomely defeated by a command of the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, under Major Mullins. I learned from the citizens that after this defeat, which was entirely unexpected, they scattered over the country, many without hats and coats,and at times two on one horses, in the most alarmed condition. I then moved with my command near Buck Snort, in Saline County, and encamped during the night, having traveled twenty-five miles. I moved my command early next morning nine miles back over the road traveled the previous day to the intersection of the old Boonville and Marshall road with the Arrow Rock and Marshall road; marched in an eastwardly direction, crossed the Blackwater at Hunt's Ford, and most thoroughly scouted the country through the Blackwater Hills (the dark, dense, untrodden haunts of dishonest and lawless men), fully expecting to surprise small squads of the band defeated by Major Mullins the day previous. Frequent trails of the gangs could be seen, but they had fled toward the Missouri River. Distance traveled on this day was twenty-five miles. Being out of rations, having been ordered to return to Warrensburg on the 25th instant, and having learned from the citizens that Major Mullins' command had moved to Sedalia hurriedly, I supposed some unexpected movement of the enemy was taking place; hence I moved on to Warrensburg. I am fully under the belief that there are not more than fifty guerrillas, if concentrated, on Blackwater. Numbers are greatly exaggerated by themselves for obvious

