
purposes. I reached Warrensburg Sunday night; distance, forty miles. I captured an elegant gray mare, property of the bushmen; turned her over to Captain Joel K. Shaw, assistant quartermaster, Warrensburg, Mo.

Permit me to say, colonel, that the officers and men behaved with great propriety during the scout. I did not have a complaint made to me during my absence. I take special and particular pleasures in directing your attention to the excellency of Thompson Allison as a guide and scout. He excels any man I ever saw acting in that capacity. His example, his conduct, his vigilance, and his bravery are very commendable. I take pride in recommending him to those in authority. William Chester is a worthy man, of whom too much cannot be said as a Government guide and detective-brave, active, and ever ready.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

SEPTEMBER 21, 1864.-Affair near Council Grove, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant Asa R. Bancroft, Seventeenth Kansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Council Grove, September 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following difficulty with some of the Kaw Indians:

On the 21st instant one of my men (Thomas Roberts), a teamster, was hunting his mules in the timber, near the camp, when two Indians assaulted him with their knives and swore they would kill him if he did not give them whisky. He told them that he had none, and struck one of them with his whip, knocking him down. They once get him down and came near killing him, but he finally succeeded in getting away from them, and came to amp and reported the matter to me. In order to be certain of procuring the offenders I sent two or three squads of men into the brush with orders to bring into camp every Indian they found. They returned with eight, none of them the ones who attacked Roberts, and were all of them released the following morning. They, however, caught one of the offenders, and after they had taken him Roberts came up and the Indian drew his knife and again started for Roberts, swearing he would kill him. Roberts had a musket and stuck the bayonet into him, from which would I think he will die. I have done the best I could in the way of medical attendance for the wounded Indian. These Indians are generally peaceable except when drunk, which was the case with these two, as well as some others that were taken. My men did some shooting, but they report that it was done to make them stop,and that they all fired in the air; and as I have heard of no others wounded, I conclude that to be the fact. If there is any blame attached to any one I think it must rest on citizens who sell whisky to the Indians, and the agent informs me that there are without doubt numbers in this place who do it. I am using exertion to find out who furnished them whisky.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

A. R. BANCROFT,

First Lieutenant Co. C, 17th Kansas Vol. Infty, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Riley, Kans.

