
SEPTEMBER 22, 1864.-Skirmish at Carthage, Mo.

Report of Major Milton Burch, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEOSHO, September 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Carthage was burned by the guerrillas yesterday, and the troops sent there to hold Carthage had a fight with the guerrillas at Carthage and drove them; particulars not known. I received my information from women [who] came from near Carthage. I have information there is some 75 or 100 guerrillas in the neighborhood of Baxter Springs. I have no additional news from the south. I will send out a spy south to-day or to-morrow. I will keep a close watch south, and I do not think a large force can get near me without my being apprised of their approach.

General, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1864.-Skirmish near Longwood, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.

SEDALIA, September 26, 1864.

Major Mullins, First Missouri State Militia [Cavalry], had a skirmish with Bill Jackson and tom Woodson's band, numbering about 123, on Thursday evening, about six miles north of Longwood. They killed a number of the enemy (they report 10), with several wounded; captured several horses, arms, provisions, and clothing. The rebels had pack animals loaded with clothing, and in some cases country-made hard bread. They reported that they had fifteen days' subsistence. No enemy reported in Cooper County.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Saint Louis.

SEPTEMBER 22-28, 1864.-Scout from Helena to Alligator Bayou, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Alexander F. Rice, Sixtieth U. S. Colored Troops.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, FORTIFICATIONS HELENA,Helena, Ark., September 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit my report of a scout of six days' duration, commencing on the 22nd and ending on the 28th of September, 1864:

The undersigned, in command of twenty-one men from Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry, left Helena 5 p. m. 22nd September, and marched to Ramsey's Ferry, on the Saint Francis River; crossed the river and marched up the river one mile and camped at Staton's at 2 a. m. September 23; moved again at 6 o'clock up the river, arrived and

