
camped in the canebrake, within one mile of Alligator Bayou at 8 p. m.; captured one horse, found tied in the brush, belonging to John Maley; picketed the roads; sent six men to watch some houses for deserters from the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry. They captured one deserter by the name of Benjamin Davis, belonging to Company I, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry. They also secured the same night Stephen Oatman, who gave himself up voluntarily; 7 a. m. 24th marched one mile to the mouth of Alligator Bayou, picketed the roads, and camped until daylight. On the morning of the 25th marched to Ball's Point; pressed in horses enough to mount ten men. Finding there was no rebel force in the vicinity, I sent a sergeant and ten men in charge of the prisoners, with a guide, through the canebrakes to Hamlin's Landing, with orders to keep themselves secreted, with a picket to watch the road, and for them to remain there until I arrived. I, taking ten men mounted, with Hardin and two citizens, proceeded to Burnt Cane Bend and Cut-Off, on Saint Francis River, also to the head of Fifteen Mile Bayou and Mud Lake. Captured in the rounds 4 prisoners, 3 horses, 1 mule, and 1 revolver; camped at Palmer's plantation midnight; moved on the morning of the 26th to Council Bend, arriving there at 11 a. m. At 3 o'clock the same day I took five men and proceeded to Alligator Bayou to collect some cattle; arrived there at 8 a. m.; left Hardin with the men and prisoners at Council Bend, with instructions for him to take five men on the morning of the 27th and proceed up the river some five miles to collect some cattle. He, hearing of some rebels when he got there, started in pursuit, came upon their party, numbering six, and he reports that he killed 2 of them; the rest escaped. He captured three double-barreled guns and broke them because he could not bring them away. This near Fifteen Mile Bayou. He came back in the evening, capturing on his return 2 prisoners, 1 a deserter from Battery E, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (light); the other claimed to be a citizen, but had a furlough on his person, which he claims to have written himself, for the purpose of keeping him from being conscripted in the rebel army. On the morning of the 27th I started at daylight to collect some cattle, and proceeded with them to Council Bend, bringing some belonging to a man by the name of Cook, that was out with me on the scout, arriving at Council Bend at 12 o'clock. The boat having arrived we proceeded to put the cattle on board. The second squad that were after cattle succeeded in getting about sixty head within one mile and a half of the boat, then had to leave them on account of its being too dark to see to drive them. That night left Hardin and eight men on shore mounted, taking the prisoners and balance of the men on the boat, and anchored out in the river until morning. In the morning landed and took six men and went in search of the cattle, but could not find them, they having strayed off in the canebrake, then went on board the boat, started for Helena, and arrived here at five o'clock last evening. Two of our prisoners, named Benjamin Davis and John West, escaped September 26. Davis escaped in the morning at daylight, through neglect of duty of the guard, he going asleep. West escaped in the evening, through the window of the house where the prisoners were kept. We captured and brought in all, told, 5 horses, 1 mules, 14 head of cattle, and 1 revolver.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. RICE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant WILLIAM CHANDLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Eastern Arkansas, Helena.

52 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

