
Fifth day, July 22.- Captain Thayer encamped his command half a mile below me to- day. Sent out scouts to the north, west, and south to examine the country for Indian signs and prospect for a road across to the San Carlos. At 5 p. m. took up the line of march, the troops having three days' rations in their haversacks, across the peninsula formed by the great bend to the southward of the Rio Gila, a few miles east of where the Rio San Carlos empties into that steam, leaving Lieutenant Stockwell with guide and thirty men in charge of train, with instructions to bring it through to the point indicated in orders as the site for the depot by the most direct practicable route and with as little delay as possible.

Sixth day, July 23.- Reached Camp Rigg, on the San Carlos, at 2 a. m., having marched eight miles in a direction north of west until we reached that stream, then eight miles in a northerly direction. Immediately after making camp sent scouts up the valley to the corn- fields to ascertain whether or not Indians were about. These scouts returned, reporting finding no indications of Indians having visited the valley since the destruction of their crops by Captain Thayer.

Seventh day, July 24.- At 1 a. m. started out with detachment of fifteen men of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, under Captain Wellman, and eleven men of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, under Captain Harrover, all supplied with three days' cooked rations in haversacks, to surprise and attack a camp of Indians said to be at a spring ten miles west of the depot. Reached the spot an hour before daylight, but the Indians had been gone at least two weeks. Returned to camp by noon to await the arrival of the train with supplies with which to make scout to Pinal Creek. Sent express back to meet the train and ascertain the cause of its delay. Express returned at 10 p. m. and reported the train in camp on the San Carlos eight miles below Camp Rigg.

Eighth day, July 25.- Train arrived at 10 a. m. Sent five non- commissioned officers and twenty- five privates to the corn- fields to gather and bundle up the corn fodder preparatory to hauling it into camp for the animals when corraled at night; also sent five cavalrymen to scout down the steam for corn- fodder preparatory to hauling it into camp for the animals when corraled at night; also sent five cavalry men to scout down the steam for corn- fields. This party reported one field of corn about one acre in extent. It also had been visited and cut by Captain Thayer's command. Ordered rations for a sixteen days' scout put up, three days' of which to be cooked and carried by the men in their haversacks, the remainder to be packed on mules. Built corral for the safety of the herd. Had a load of corn fodder hauled into camp.

Ninth day, July 26.- Detachments from each of the companies were detailed to remain at Camp Rigg under command of Captain Wellman, who being sick was ordered to remain behind. Captain Simpson having applied for permission to accompany the scout was allowed to do so. At 4 p. m. left camp and marched to Jaycox's Spring, direction west; distance, eight miles. Made camp here at 9 p. m. Gave orders that no fires should be made until after we had reached the rancheria, on Pinal Creek, which I expected to accomplish before daylight on the 28th.

Tenth day, July 27.- Remained in camp at Jaycox's Spring, which is nothing but a tank of rain water, supply very limited, until 5 p. m., when we took up the line of march for Pinal Creek, expecting to reach that stream in eight hours' march, so as t make our dispositions to attack the rancheria at daybreak. Before leaving Jaycox's Spring I placed Lieutenant Mann, with a detachment, in charge of the pack train, with orders to take the train by another trail, not so direct, but

