
SEPTEMBER 26-30, 1864.-Expedition from Napoleonville to Grand River and Bayou Pigeon, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major John H. Clybourn, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Major Jesse S. Miller, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Captain Dudley C. Wyman, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major John H. Clybourn, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Napoleonville, September 30, 1864.

GENERAL: In pursuance to orders received from your headquarters, dated Thibodeaux, September 24, 1864, I have the honor to forward the official report of my expedition to Grand River and Bayou Pigeon:

Monday, 26th instant, my command, consisting of six companies Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, left this place at 6 a. m.; arrived at Donaldsonville, where two companies joined my command, and remained until 1 p. m., when the march for Bayou Goula was taken up, at which place the command halted and camped for the night. About 1 o'clock the pickets were fired into by a party of jayhawkers of Captain Williams' command, evidently not knowing of our presence in that vicinity. A few shots were exchanged, when the enemy turned and ran. The pickets were then strengthened in case of any further attack.

Tuesday, September 27, the command left Bayou Goula at 4 a. m. for Plaquemine, at which place the command arrived at 8 o'clock; then proceeded to Indian Village and arrived at 12 m. At 1.30 p. m. marched for Micheltre's Ferry. After leaving Indian Village three miles, a small boat was captured containing one sack of coffee, some men's and women's shoes, also one trunk containing dry goods, which were sent back to Indian Village, where one company were left to guard the ferry at that place. The command then resumed their march. About 3 p. m. the advanced guard was fired into by two men. They charged them, but they took to the high weeds which infest that region and made their escape. We captured their horses and arms. Companies A and K, under command of Lieutenant Fisher, made a forced march in order to form junction with gun-boat on Grand River and Bayou Pigeon, at which place he arrived at 4 p. m. ; the rest of the command followed. The whole command encamped for the night at Micheltre's plantation. It was reported that the enemy were in small force on the other side of the bayou, consequently on Wednesday, September 28, one company was sent on that side of the bayou. The crossing being bad, the horses had to swim the bayou, causing some little delay. After the company under Lieutenant Pratt's command were ready, the balance of my command proceeded to Indian Village, Lieutenant Pratt meeting no enemy and not being able to proceed any farther on the other side of the bayou on account of the horrible condition of the roads-they being blocked up and impassable-recrossed and joined me before I arrived at Indian Village. Flat-boats, scows, small boats, &amp;c., were plenty. I destroyed them, but it is evidently of no use; the last expedition did the same and I found them just as plenty as before. The country around Indian Village is well adapted to contraband and smug-

