
gling purposes. It is my opinion that one squadron of cavalry should be stationed at Plaquemine, where they could easily operate on the bayou in that vicinity, and thereby break up their nests, detect and arrest all person aiding in that trade, and also detail and forever disband the parties operating on Bayou La Fourche. The command camped for the night at Indian Village.

Thursday, September 29, the command broke camp and proceeded to Plaquemine, where Captain Overrocker, with a party, had proceeded for forage and rations, and when the command arrived the men and horses were provided with provisions and forage and resumed their march for Bayou Goula. When we arrived there it was reported that Captain Williams had been at Bayou Goula on the 29th, and had gone to his camp at Myers' Mill, in the rear of Bayou Goula, where Captain How, with two companies, was sent. They proceeded about one mile outside of the town, halted, and camped. On the morning of Friday, September 30, left his camp at Bayou Goula at 3 a. m., with intention of capturing Williams' band of jayhawkers, said to be encamped at the mill. The captain proceeded to the mill, and found on his approach that the rebels had been camped there at a house about twenty minutes previous to his arrival, but no clue could be found as to where they had gone. Captain Howk, while marching through Bayou Goula with his command, did allow his command to break open houses and commit depredations, contrary to my orders, and the citizens of the place informed me that he allowed his men to take money and clothing from their persons. On his arrival at Donaldsonville I placed him in arrest, and will [have]charges preferred against him, that he may be brought before a court-martial for trial for disobedience of orders. This is the only instance, to my knowledge, where any depredations were committed. All the officers of my command were notified by me that they would be held strictly responsible for the conduct of their men and for any depredations that might be committed. The command left Bayou Goula on Friday morning, September 30, for Donaldsonville and Napoleonville, La. On arriving at the Cut-Off, on the Donaldsonville road, it was ascertained that fifteen miles could be saved; so four companies were dispatched on that road, the others taking the river road to Donaldsonville, where they arrived at 4 p. m. 30th. The command arrived at 7 p. m. at Napoleonville, La.

JOHN H. CLYBOURN,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding District of La Fourche.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Jesse S. Miller, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH WISCONSIN VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Brashear City, September 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of the expedition to Grand River Junction, of September 27, 28, 1864, and of which I was in command:

I embarked on the U. S. gun-boat Carrabasset with 125 men of Eleventh Infantry, Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, at 5.30 p. m. Sep-

