
tember 26, when we dropped down to her moorings and made fast to her anchor. At precisely 12 o'clock midnight we left moorings; arrived off Pigeon Bayou at 5 a. m. 27th and anchored, it being so dark we were unable to cross the bar at the mouth of bayou. At daylight weighed anchor and crossed the bar into Bayou Pigeon ten minutes before 12 noon. The country between the mouth of Bayou Pigeon and the junction of Grand River is one continuous wilderness. Until within one mile of the junction there is not a house or sign of any habitation, although on either side of the bayou the land is dry and might be cultivated. It is covered with a heavy growth of live oak and thick clustering growth of underwood. There are numerous paths running through it in all directions, none of which show signs of recent travel. I landed parties of men under competent officers at several different points along the bayou and explored some distance back on either side, but could discover no trace of the enemy. Pigeon Bayou is very narrow and crooked, with large trees hanging over on either side, rendering it very difficult of navigation with as large craft as the gun-boat, although it has great depth, ranging from ten to twenty feet. Not finding the cavalry at the junction when I arrived, I sent two armed boats up Grand River about three-fourths of a mile, where I learned a large barge of cotton was hidden in a small cove, with instructions to run the barge down to the gun-boat if found. I then landed and went to the house of Mr. Micheltre, directly opposite the mouth of Grand River. Here I found two men who were in charge of the cotton and whom I arrested. I also found a large quantity of cotton stored in the sugar-house on Micheltre's plantation, which I seized. The party sent in boats up Grand River found the barge loaded with cotton hidden in a small cover about three-fourths of a mile from the mouth, the underwood and large trees nearly hiding it from view. No one being found at the barge they immediately took possession of it and brought it safely to the junction. I then sent a detachment under Captain Park down the south side of Grand River as far as the plantation of Charles Palfrey, occupied by one Mr. Brown, distant four miles. He had learned that a Confederate captain and four Confederate soldiers passed down in the direction of Lake Natchez on the morning of the 26th. In the meantime I had the gun-boat turned around, backed down opposite the sugar-house, and all the available men I had, after placing a picket on each side of the river, set to loading the cotton stored in the sugar-house onto the gun-boat. At 6 p. m. the advance guard of the cavalry arrived, the main body at 7.30. I had an interview with Major Clybourn, commanding the cavalry; remained at this place all night. Started the barge down Bayou Pigeon at daylight with one company of men under command of Captain Park. Cavalry started at 9 a. m. and at 10 a. m. I started down the bayou with the gun-boat, passed the barge and crossed the bar, came alongside at 4 o'clock, when we took her in tow and arrived at Brashear City at 11.30 p. m. September 28, with 3 prisoners, 220 bales of cotton, and 1 large barge. We destroyed two large flat-boats and several skiffs.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MILLER,

Major Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

