
Numbers 3.-Captain William W. Ivory, First Nebraska Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain John R. Porter, First Nebraska Militia Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Captain Thomas B. Stevenson, First Nebraska Militia Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Captain Lee P. Gillette, First Nebraska Cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant Charles Thompson, First Nebraska Cavalry, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel Robert R. Livington, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., November 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of military operations in this sub-district since I assumed command on the 29th September last, in obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 2, dated at Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., September 29, 1864:

On the 26th day of September I arrived at this post with the command, which moved from here with me on the 28th August, 1864, under orders of Major General S. R. Curtis, after marching 800 miles in search of hostile Indians along the waters of the republican and Solomon Rivers. On the 29th September, 1864, I was ordered to assume command of the Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska,comprising a territory of 400 miles of country from the Missouri River to and including Julesburg, Colo. Ter., through which he several roads from Leavenworth, Atchison, Nebraska City, Plattsmouth, and Omaha, converging at and a little east of this post, continue west, forming the Great Overland Mail Route to Salt Lake, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, and California. The troops placed at my disposal consisted of one battalion Seventh Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, one battalion Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, the veteran portion of my own regiment, and four companies of Nebraska militia, together with thirteen pieces of artillery, giving an aggregate of 971 men and thirteen pieces of artillery. After consulting with Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, commanding District of Nebraska, it was decided to station these troops as follows:

At Columbus, on Loup Fork of platte River distant eighty-seven miles west of Omaha City, Nebr. Ter., Company E, Seventh Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, Captain J. B. David, commanding, numbering eighty-nine men present.

At Junction City, on north side of Platte River and in the valley of the same, distant forty-two miles east of this post, Captain Isaac Wiles' company, First Regiment Nebraska Militia (four-months' men), numbering forty-six men present.

At Little Blue Station, on Little Blue River and on the road from atchison and Leavenworth, distant eighty miles southeast from this post, Captain A. J. White's company, Nebraska militia, numbering fifty-nine men present.

At Pawnee Ranch, on same road and distant fifty-four miles southeast from this post, Captain T. B. Stevenson's company, Nebraska militia, numbering fifty-five men present.

At Fort Kearny (headquarters Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska), distant 200 miles from Missouri River in due west course and on the south side of Platte River, Captain Lee P. Gillette, Company A, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, and four companies First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, numbering 112 men present and four pieces artillery.

