
teams and machines were promptly released. The necessity of adopting this course was urgent and imperative, and had it not been pursued the command and public animals would have suffered severely. Contracts to citizens would not be let on account of the imminent peril they had to risk of being murdered by hostile Indians unless guarded by our troops, who, having so much other duty to perform, could not be spared for such purpose. At the close of the last month, being thirty-three days since the organization of this line of posts was commenced, the work of erecting defenses, quarters for men and officers, stabling for public animals, and providing posts with hay and fuel, resulted as follows:

At Columbus there has been built a good stable, capacity 100 horses; quarters for men are nearly complete and will be commodious, capacity for 100 men; stockade work has been thrown up across the approaches and the post made defensible, though this work is not yet completed. Hay has been secured for winter supply, and fuel being close at hand no suffering can possibly arise from a deficient supply.

At Junction City stabling for sixty-four horses, and quarters for sixty-four men, has been erected; stockade work has been thrown around quarters, and stabling sufficient to render the post defensible against Indians. Hay for four months' supply for six-four horses has against Indians. Hay for four months' supply for sixty-four horses has been secured, and fuel abundant close to the post on Grand Island in Platte River, insuring a full supply.

At Little Blue Station a deserted ranch has been occupied, additions made to it, and the troops at that post are comfortably quartered. Their horses are also sheltered, through the stable is not good. Abundance of fuel is close to station, and hay enough for the number of horses at the post.

At Pawnee Ranch a result similar to that at Little Blue Station has been obtained, with exception of hay, which is issued in half rations.

The troops of this station will have fulfilled their term of service on the 10th of December next, and at one time mutinied, forty of their number actually marching toward Arkansas City in defiance of the captain's authority. These men have by the influence of Colonel O. P. Mason, commanding Second Brigade, Nebraska Militia, been induced to return to duty, but their absence caused serious delay in the progress of the works, essential to the safety and comfort of the men and animals at that post.

At Fort Kearny quarters and stabling for four companies already existed, and the men have been busily engaged in constructing a rectangular redoubt 262 fee by 221 fee, with one demi-lune at each salient flanking the ditches. This work, though not yet complete, is connected with rifle-pits, and covers the eastern and southern flanks of the post. Another redoubt will be erected at the northwest angle of the post covering the northern and western flanks, connected by rifle-pits with the interior works. This being a depot of supplies of posts east of it and west as far as Midway Station, and no citizens being hired by the quartermaster's department, the men have been actively engaged transporting supplies, cutting fuel fifteen miles distant and hauling the same; hay and fuel sufficient for wintering the command has been secured.

At Plum Creek quarters for the men have been erected capable of accommodating 160 men. A rectangular redoubt 332 feet square with bastions at the salients flanking the ditches has been commenced, and though not yet completed will be a perfect defense when it is. A deserted stable has been occupied for the use of the horses at this post.

