
Sufficient hay for wintering the public animals has not been secured, nor has a sufficiency of fuel for the winter been obtained, but both are in sufficient quantity within a short distance to prevent apprehensions of a deficiency before spring.

At Mullahla's Station a deserted ranch and stable have been occupied, affording ample quarters for men and stabling for horses. Hay and fuel are being put up at this station, and there will be no deficiency of supplies before spring. Nothing has been done here toward fortifying this post, the sod buildings and stables affording sufficient defense for the force occupying them.

At Midway Station a deserted ranch and stable have been occupied. Hay only in sufficient quantity for immediate consumption has been obtained at this post, and no supply of fuel is on hand. There is fuel sufficiently near, however, to prevent suffering, but hay will be short, if a mounted force is maintained here, as there is not enough put up within a reasonable distance to supply the post. No defenses have been erected here, the sod buildings being deemed sufficiently secure against any Indian attack.

At Gillman's Station a deserted ranch and stable have been occupied, affording ample accommodations for the garrison. There is an abundant supply of hay at this post belonging to the proprietor of the ranch, Mr. Gillman, which can be secured for public use. Fuel has not been put up for winter supply, though it can be obtained readily fifteen miles from the post. No defenses have been erected at this post, the sod buildings, stables and stockade corrals belonging to the ranch being considered sufficiently secure. At Cottonwood commodious buildings are arranged in rectangular form about parade ground, giving accommodations for 200 men and stabling in rear of quarters for 178 horses, the whole inclosed by a stockade five feet high along eastern, western, and northern fronts, the southern face having a stockade nine feet high. Additional buildings are about completed for 100 more men. A good hospital, quartermaster, and commissary buildings have been erected at this post, at cedar logs-the principal ones of hewed logs-the company quarters of round logs.

At O'Fallon's Bluffs a deserted ranch has been occupied; another similar ranch has been purchased and transported to the post and erected adjoining to one occupied, affording limited accommodations to garrison. A good stable and stockade corral have also been occupied and the stockade extended so as to form together with the buildings and stables an efficient defenses against Indian attacks. No hay has been put up here, but the post commander feels confident he can secure a sufficiency to supply him during the winter. Wood has to be hauled thirty-five miles and is now supplies only is quantities sufficient to supply the demand.

At Alkali a small sod house and stable were occupied and large additions built by the commanding officer. Quarters for 100 men and stabling for 110 horses have been erected of sod, the timber for roofing, &amp;c., having been hauled seventy miles. An irregular line of parapets has been thrown up connecting and inclosing buildings and 300 tons hay cut and stacked. But little fuel has been obtained in excess of the daily consumption, owing to the great distance which it has to be hauled and the scarcity of transportation.

At Beauvais Station no buildings nor stables have been erected, the proprietor, Mr. Beauvais, an Indian trader, having permitted the occupation of a building and stable sufficient to accommodate the gar-

