
rison. Hay and fuel have been contracted for at this post and a full supply will be obtained. No defensive works were necessary here, the stockade around the stable and corrals, together with the sod and log buildings at the station, affording ample protection to the garrison.

At Julesburg, Colo. Ter., the stage station of Overland Mail Company was temporarily fortified with rifle pits-no other quarters than holes dug in the earth, with shelter-tents for roofing; the gables, walled with sod, were erected. No stabling had been erected and the horses were allowed to stand tied in a corral surrounded by a common pole fence.

On the 26th October last this garrison was moved about one-quarter mile west of the stage station and a commodious ranch occupied giving ample accommodations. A large unfinished stable without roof has been finished for men's quarters, and a commodious stable is in process of construction. The sod inclosure around the ranch is an excellent defense, and when the stables are finished this post will be one of the best defensive stations on the line. An abundant supply of hay has been secured here, but the fuel is not supplies in sufficient quantity, the men having frequently to gather buffalo chips for cooking their meals. The nearest fuel to this post is seventy-five miles distant.

In addition to the work enumerated in the foregoing details of each post, guards have been furnished the Overland Mail Company stages daily each way from Little Blue Station, Nebr. Ter., to Julesburg, Colo. Ter., each guard being relieved at the next post. At one time last month so audacious had the Indians become in their raids that a mounted escort of one sergeant and ten men had to be furnished to the stage from Plum Creek to Cottonwood, each post relieving the escort. All the hay cut by the troops of this command was cut by them under arms, and the details ordered to procure wood were not unfrequently driven out of the canons where alone it can be procured by superior forces of Indians, and no wagons used by the troops of this sub-district were permitted to go any distance from their posts without a strong guard to protect them. Add to this duty the daily and nightly patrols along the overland route and the constant reconnaissances made by detachments from each post, often extending their operations 60 to 100 miles on either side of the Platte Valley, and the amount of service performed, with a view of protecting the overland mail route, and the many thousands of wagons laden with supplies for the Territories west of the Missouri, which have lately passed over it in perfect security, and some idea of the activity of this command can be arrived at. The following is a resume of operations against hostile Indians as far as reported to these headquarters: September 29, a train of emigrants returning from the West wile camped two miles west of Plum Creek was attacked about 8 p. m.; 1 white man killed and 2 wounded. Captain T. J. Weatherwax, Company G, First Regiment Cavalry Nebraska Veteran Volunteers, with forty men, immediately pursued the Indians; trail led across Platte River; Indians scattered, and trail was abandoned.

October 2, Captain T. B. Stevenson, Nebraska militia, with thirty men of his company, started in pursuit of hostile Indians reported on the Blue, west of his post; traveled toward head of stream; found trail leading southwest; followed until satisfied Indians could not be overtaken, and returned. October 4, Captain Thomas J. Majors, Company C, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, with fifty men, scouted the country along Plum Creek, thence south to Turkey Creek

