
were he could find water in abut twelve or fifteen miles and come on into Pinal Creek with it the next day. The night was very dark and the trail difficult to follow. The guide, Mr. Jaycox having lost it several times, determined to take the direction and follow it without reverence to the trail. At about 12 p. m. it being so dark we could scarcely see one another, we came upon a temporary camp of Indians situated in a deep ravine in the dividing ridge between the waters of Pinal and Mineral Creeks. They at once commenced making signals of danger; as the sequel shows, started an express immediately to their people on Pinal Creek. After having been discovered by this party, I determined that nothing would do but to go straight through to the settlement with the hope of getting there before the Indian messengers would, so as to inform them of our coming down into the Eastern Fork of Pinal Creek. At about sunrise we found water in tanks, which served much to refresh our men and animals, who were much worn by a heavy march over a rough and rocky country in the darkness of night and without a trail to follow. After having found this water I should have made camp and deferred by attack until the next day, were it not that our suspicions as to an Indian messenger having preceded us to the Campoodie to inform them of our approach, were confirmed by the discovery of the fresh tracks of two Apaches who were ahead of us not more than half an hour, and the assurance of the guide that the rancheria was only about three miles distance. Marched until 8.30 a. m. eleventh day, July 28, when, the men being literally worn out with fatigue, we halted for two hours, when we again proceeded down the creek and struck the upper spring at 12 m. No sooner had we reached this point than the Indians discovered and began yelling at us from the very tops of the high, rocky ridges bordering the creek. I ordered the cavalry, under Lieutenant Stockwell, to charge upon a little group of wickey- ups for the purpose of ascertaining if the Indians had been apprised of our coming in time to remove all their effects. Lieutenant Stockwell reported everything removed from these shanties. I then continued my march without paying any apparent attention to the Indians, who were entirely out of my reach, until I arrived at the old camping- ground of Colonel Woolsey's party, distance from Jaycox's Spring thirty miles. Here I halted and sent the infantry forward, under command of Captain Harrover, to the lower rancheria, with instructions to take possession of any property he might find thee. Upon Captain Harrover's reaching the vicinity of this rancheria a white flag was hoisted by the Indians,and also one by Captain Harrover. The Indians at this point were also on the very tops of the rocky cliffs which overhang the valley. Very soon three Indians came down with a flag and expressed a desire to have a talk. One of them, a squaw, was brought to my quarters. I told her that I could not talk with every Indian individually. I wanted to talk to the whole tribe together with their chief. She went away pleased,a nd said she would bring the chief into my camp, and he would have all the tribe come in and they would give themselves up, as they did not want to fight with the whites. Six Indians were in camp, on or two at a time, during the day. They all expressed a desire to surrender, and said that they were aware that campaigns were being made against them from all sides.

Twelfth day, July 29.- Lieutenant Mann arrived with pack train. nine Indians altogether in camp to- day. Two or three the most that were in at any one time. Captain Harrover reported to me that Lieu-

