
(called Mud Creek on map), and along it close to its outlet into Republican. On his return crossed Platte River and scouted the country adjacent to Buffalo Creek; saw numerous signs of Indians, but did not encounter any; whole distance traveled 145 miles. October 6, Captain T. B. Stevenson, Nebraska militia, again moved in southerly direction up Elk Creek, with twenty-five men, expecting to join First Lieutenant Bremer, of his company, from Little Blue Station, with a similar number of men. First Lieutenant Bremer was ambushed by Indians, himself killed, and 1 of his men wounded. On the approach of Captain Stevenson's force the Indians fled, scattering in such a manner as to render pursuit impracticable. October 12, Overland Mail Company's westward-bound coach attacked by twenty-five Indians secreted in a deserted ranch eight miles west Plum Creek at 9 p. m.; one stage horse killed instantly by first volley; coach stopped; guard and passengers, using coach as protection, opened a rapid fire upon the Indians through the windows and doors of the ranch. After desperate fight, lasting two hours, 2 Indians killed; rest fled. One of the guard severely wounded in head, and 1 passenger slightly, flesh wound through leg. Commanding officer at Plum Creek immediately sent out a detachment of forty men under Captain W. W. Ivory, Company H, First Regiment Cavalry Nebraska Veteran Volunteers; Captain H. H. Ribble, commanding at Mullahla's, also sending out fifteen men to join Captain Ivory on Plum Creek. Captain Ribble's detachment met sixty Indian warriors; 2 or our men killed instantly; seven succeeded in reaching Plum Creek; the other six being cut off by forty warriors, dismounted and fought their way back to Mullahla's Station, sheltering themselves behind their horses. Indians lost 3 killed, 1 of them a chief who spoke broken English, and several others wounded; our loss, 2 killed, 2 wounded, 2 horses killed and 10 disabled by wounds.

October 18, Captain White, Nebraska militia, commanding Little Blue Station, reports scout to south and seeing Indians, who could not be approached near water shed between Little Blue and Republican Rivers. October 20, 200 Indians crossed Platte River, moving north, fifteen miles west of Alkali Station; killed 1 emigrant and ran off 50 head of oxen. Captain E. B. Murphy pursued them to Ash Hollow. His horses being in poor condition and satisfied he could not overtake them he returned to Alkali 21st, at 9 a. m., and resumed work on his quarters and defenses.

October 20, Captain N. J. O'Brien, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, commanding post Julesburg, Colo. Ter., reported pursuit of same band of Indians with forty men and one piece of artillery, with a similar result. October 21, same band of Indians having been re-enforced followed Captain E. B. Murphy back to Alkali and attacked his post. They were repulsed but not pursued on account of exhausted condition of horses at the post. October 21, Captain Stevenson reports having gone out with twenty men and scouted the country south of Little Blue River. Saw many sings of Indians but could not overtake any. October 22, forty Indians attacked detachment of troops cutting wood near Midway Station. Detachment retreated toward station, were re-enforced and pursued Indians twenty miles, but could not overtake them. October 28, Captain John R. Porter, Nebraska militia, commanding Midway Station, reported that a party of haymakers at work for Overland Mail Company near his post were attacked and driven in by a party of Indians. Mounted twenty-five men and started in pursuit, overtook them, killed 2 and captured 3, rest succeeded in escaping. The party proved to be Pawnees, who have heretofore been considered friendly toward the whites. On the 22nd of October last, the wind being from the north and favorable,

