
Stringent regulations are being enforced, however, by which the care of horses will be bettered, and I confidently expect them to recuperate sufficiently before long to fit them for active duty in hunting down the murderous Indians who committed so many acts of atrocity along this road in the summer. It affords me much gratification to state that although numerous attempts have been made by the Indians to interrupt communication between this post and the western Territories since I assumed command, all their assaults have been repulsed with loss to them. They have ben steadily pursued whenever a trail could be found, and the country adjacent to the road for sixty miles made too hot for them. No interruption whatever, eight of the U. S. mail or the immense amount of transportation passing over the road, has occurred thus far under my command.

Before closing this report I would respectfully call your attention to the patent truth, the hostility of the Indians tribes is general throughout the West. Those tribes who are on reservations, such as the Poncas, Omahas, Pawnees, and Otoes are restless, and already one band of the Pawnees has shown a spirit of resistance to our authority in the late affair near Midway Station on the 28th ultimo. From all the information that I can gather if appears to be the determination of the Indians generally to prevent the future encroachment of the whites upon their hunting grounds, and I confidently look for a renewal of hostilities on a much larger sale in the spring, for the reason that the war this past summer has been a success for the Indians, turning into their hands large amounts of valuable property captured from trains and many superior horses and arms taken from the murdered teamsters, while comparatively no punishment for these crimes has been administered to them by our forces. I firmly believe that unless a terrible example is made of them-for instance, the total annihilation of some of their winter encampments, by which they will be brought to feel the power of the Government and its ability to avenge the terrible butcheries committed by them during the past summer-they will from their past successes be encouraged to a more vigorous and audacious warfare as soon as the grass is green next spring. I discard the opinion which has been so freely advanced by many that this Indian war has been instigated and aided by whites. Its origin is in the natural antipathy between the Indian and Anglo-Saxon races. The rapid strides of civilization toward and over the Rocky Mountains foreshadow to the Indians a future so abhorrent to all his natural instincts that he cannot help turning upon the white man and attempt in his savage way to check this annually increasing current of white emigration toward his once quiet and bountifully supplied hunting grounds.

I cannot conclude without expressing my admiration of the soldierly behavior of the four companies of Nebraska militia under my command. They have endured privations and done duty without murmuring, only one company, Captain Stevenson's, having manifested any disorderly conduct and that was promptly remedied by Colonel O. P. Mason, Nebraska militia. Their services entitle them to the thanks of their fellow-citizens, and the Territory may justly feel proud of such gallant men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav. Veteran Vols.,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, War Department, Washington, D. C.

