HDQRS. EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., December 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of military operations in this sub-district for the month of November last:

In my last report I exhibited the amount of labor performed by our troops at the various posts in this sub-district, and during the last month additions of various character have been made to buildings for the comfort of the men and officers, and the posts, with few exceptions, are now as comfortably provided for as the exigencies of the service will permit. For details of the progress made at the different posts I have the honor to invite your attention to the accompanying report of Lieutenant Charles Thompson, acting assistant quartermaster, and acting commissary of subsistence of this sub-district.

The following is a resume of scouts and skirmishes had in the last month:

November 7, 1864, Captain E. B. Murphy, Company A, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, commanding post of Alkali Station, reported that Indians attacked Sand Hills Stage Station at 10 p. m. 6th instant. Their object seemed to be to run off stock. Were repulsed by six men of his company there as stage guard. No damage done.

November 11, 1864, Captain A. G. White, Nebraska militia, commanding post Little Blue Station, reported scout southwest of his post, fifteen miles on Elk Creek. Found one Indian pony running loose. Saw no Indian signs.

November 16, 1864, Captain William W. Ivory, Company H, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, with forty men, moved from post Plum Creek southwest up Plum Creek, on south side, ten miles, thence north to Freeman's ranch, and camped. On 17th crossed to island in Platte River, scoured them thoroughly, returned to bluffs south of Freeman's, and searched the canons for three miles; about 11 a. m. struck fresh trail of about twelve Indian ponies going south. Being out of rations, and horses worn out, returned to post at Plum Creek.

November 19, 1864, Captain Thomas J. Majors, commanding post Plum Creek, reported that 100 Indians attacked train three miles west of that post. With the mounted patrol of fifteen men immediately went to the rescue of train. Four Indians in line of battle, who immediately charged his force; were repulsed. Captain Thomas J. Weatherwax, Company G, First Nebraska Cavalry, with re-enforcements, came in sight, when Captain Majors, with his force of fifteen men, charged the Indians, and drove them ten miles southwest, when darkness came on, and he was compelled to relinquish the pursuit. Our loss, none. Indians, killed 5. Ox train lost; 20 head of oxen killed and wounded.

November 20, 1864, Captain S. M. Curran, Company E, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, with forty men, moved from post Plum Creek to scene of previous day's affair, thence southwest to bluffs, and struck trail of the retreating Indians, which he followed to Plum Creek, thence up on south side five miles. Here found many articles thrown away by the Indians; moved up the creek to the bend, twenty-five miles from post Plum Creek. Here Indian trail spread out on the prairie, and was lost. Turned course north to Platte River; scoured bluffs and canons east to post of Mullahla's; remained there over night. On 21st was joined by Captain Ribble, Company I, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding post Mullahla, with eighteen men, and moved up

53 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

