
Platte River to old Indian haunts. Found no fresh indications of Indians having been there of late. Returned in afternoon to Plum Creek Station.

November 26, Captain T. J. Majors, commanding post Plum Creek, reported that the westward-bound coach was attached five miles east of that post, about 8 p. m. 25th, and 3 passengers, one woman and two men, wounded. On receiving this information immediately sent Captain S. M. Curran, Company E, First Nebraska Cavalry, with his squadron to place of attack; found no Indian; found telegraph wire down and cut in three places, apparently cut by hatchets. By information gathered from passengers and driver the attack was made by a small force.

November 26, Indians attacked train five miles east of post Plum Creek at 4 p. m. Captain Majors, commanding post Plum Creek, with sixty men, immediately proceeded to the train. When within two miles of the train discovered Indians fleeing south. Followed at full speed and came up with them fifteen miles south, on head waters Spring Creek. Only half his horses were able to keep up,and when Indians made a stand in a deep canon had only thirty-five men up-had been close to and firing into enemy's rear for the last mile. Indians from canon opened up brisk fire at distance of 250 yards. Men dismounted and fought them. Ordered mount and attempted to gain position on flank or rear; from small numbers was unable to divide force, and every move to flank them was foiled by concentrating move of their whole force, numbering from 75 to 100. Darkness coming on, was compelled to retire. One man, Private McGinnis, Company E, First Nebraska Cavalry, slight wound. One horse killed and 2 wounded. Indians, 3 killed and a number wounded.

November 26, Lieutenant J. P. Murphy, Company F, First Nebraska Cavalry, with eighteen men, marched to Sand Hills Stage Station, east of this post, at which place one man had been murdered the evening previous, and from there escorted overland stage coach to Elm Creek Stage Station. Coach proceeded from there on and he moved with his force on to Pawnee Ranch and Liberty farm. On the 28th returned to Muddy Stage Station. On 29th marched south and west, and came up Dry Creek, scouring the country and setting fire to the grass along all the streams. Returning to Fort Kearny saw no signs of Indians that were fresh.

November 26, Captain Lee P. Gillette, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding post Fort Kearny, reported that in obedience to orders from headquarters Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska he moved with fifty men of his command from Fort Kearny at 11 p. m. 26th, in a westerly direction seventeen mile; thence south no bluffs seven miles; thence southwest over the prairie to head of canons on Spring Creek; thence east from Spring Creek. On the 28th scouted in southwest direction nine miles back to Spring Creek, ten miles from its mouth. Near this creek found trails made by Indians and unshod ponies. Trail led both up and down the stream. Followed trail going south. At mouth found several old lodges. Crossed Spring Creek and moved up the Republication. On 29th moved west five miles and formed junction with Captain Majors from Plum Creek Station; marched down Republican to mouth of Spring Creek and followed up that stream to its source, scouring the canons leading with it; thence northwest course to Platte River. On 1st December returned to Fort Kearny. Distance traveled 150 miles.

November 26, Colonel S. W. Summers, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, commanding post Fort Cottonwood, reported that in obedience to instruc-

