
tions from headquarters sub-district, Captain Cremer with fifty men moved at 12 p. m. 26th for Dan Smith's Station. At daylight was joined by ten men from that station and forty men from Gilman's, and with that force moved south to the Republican River; crossed that stream and marched east to and up Beaver Creek. On the 30th turned direction of march north to Platte River, crossing the Republican River due south of post Plum Creek. From post Plum Creek returned to Fort Cottonwood. Reports no Indian signs on Beaver Creek. Thirty miles west of a line south of Plum Creek crossed a fresh trail going south of about forty Indians without lodge poles. On the Republican crossed another large trail of at least 150 with lodge poles. This party had camped there two days previous; had erected their lodges and evidently had been there some days. Reports no buffalo in country scouted over.

November 27, Captain Thomas J. Majors, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, commanding post Plum Creek, reported that in obedience to orders from headquarters sub-district he moved at daylight from post Plum Creek with fifty men and one 12-pounder howitzer south to scene of affair of the day before; thence southwest eighteen miles, where he struck the Curtis trail and camped. On the 28th continued march to the Republican River. On the 29th moved down the river, where he met Captain Gillette with force from Fort Kearny. Learning from him that fresh trails had been seen, leading north and none south, moved on down the river to Spring Creek, then up that stream twelve miles, where found seven Indian lodges recently occupied and capable of containing 150 Indians. On the morning of the 30th found that the Indians had separated or spread out so as to leave no trail that could be followed. From that point marched to head of Spring-Creek, where the command separated, Captain Gillette moving toward Fort Kearny and his command back to post Plum Creek; distance traveled, 100 miles.

I beg particularly to call your attention to the gallantry of the troops at Plum Creek Station and the efficiency and promptness of the commanding officer, Captain Thomas J. Majors. This officer, occupied as he has been to his utmost capacity in building fortifications, quarters, cutting hay and fuel, escorting stages, &amp;c., has also been very active in hunting down the hostile Indians who have so frequently attempted raid on the road within his jurisdiction. His daring and self-possession in action are worthy of all praise, and by his promptness in flying to meet the enemy he has saved a number of trains and rescued a large number of travelers from being brutally murdered by the ruthless vagabond of Indians who perpetrate their deviltries alike on women and children, as well as men.

I have the honor again to call your attention to the fact that the defensive character of this Indian war on out part is not calculated to terminate the atrocities so frequently committed by hostile Indians, scattered as the troops are along a line of 300 miles, with greater or less intervals between posts. These intervals, over which trains must necessarily pass, are subject to inroads by raiding parties of Indians, and it is on these that all the skirmishes of the last month have occurred. The number of troops at the posts not being large enough to permit any one of them to send out a sufficient force to penetrate into the Indian haunts south of the Republican River with safety, their scouting parties are necessarily confined in their operations to searching for and engaging small war parties of Indians, who always fall back on the approach of our troops and escape south. You will observe a reg-

