
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., November 28, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER POST,

Fort Kearny, Plum Creek, Mullahla's, Dan Smith's Ranch, Gillman's, Fort Cottonwood:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs that you do not permit any small trains to pass your post unless there are enough men with it to defend it against Indian attacks. As soon as another train arrives and in your judgment the combined trains are strong enough to resist Indian attacks, permit them to proceed.

By command of Colonel R. R. Livingston:

F. A. McDONALD,

First Lieutenant, First Nebr. Cav. Vet. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain Thomas J. Majors, First Nebraska Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Plum Creek, October 13, 1864-9 p. m.

LIEUTENANT: I am just in receipt of news from Captain Ribble-fifteen men sent by him, agreeable to my order (all he could mount), to make a junction with Captain Ivory on Plum Creek, south of Mullahla's Ranch. After having made a scout out as far as ordered and not meeting with Ivory, they started back and came up within sight of the ranch. On the bluffs opposite they were attacked by about sixty or more Indians, overpowered, and compelled to retreat. The Indians were between them and the ranch, consequently they had to fall back south. Two were killed (Jackson and Kelley) and 7 still missing, under Bangs. The only hope I have for their safety is that they may fall in with Captain Ivory, who is somewhere on Plum Creek, with about thirty men. I sent him out about 4 o'clock this morning. Two of his horses giving out ten or twelve miles up the creek, he sent them back, and they on their return came within sight of one Indian, who immediately fled southward. Their horses being in no condition to pursue, they came in and reported, whereupon I at once sent Captain Curran out to if, possible, find, attack, and kill all Indians found, supposing from this information that Captain Ivory had passed by them and they were lurking in his rear. I just hear that Captain Curran has arrived at Mullahla's Ranch without seeing anything of the enemy or Captain Ivory. I at once sent him orders to procure rations from Ribble and immediately follow; if possible make a junction with Captain Ivory. All the mounted force I have are now out under Captains Curran and Ivory. I hope for the best results, believing that if either Curran or Ivory sees them they will make sad havoc among them. I regret exceedingly that I am not personally in command, but have full confidence in those that are. I hope the necessity of the case will not demand my calling for more force, but if trouble still continues it will be impossible forme with my limited force to guard as much road as i am called upon to do, and beside this build quarters for my men, which

