
are very much needed, as winter is fast approaching. As soon as I am in possession of all the facts relative to the scouting parties I will at once communicate it to you.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOMAS J. MAJORS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant McDONALD,

A. A. A. G., East. Sub. Dist. of Nebr., Fort Kearny, Nebr.

You can telegraph this to Livingston if you think necessary.

MAJORS.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Plum Creek, Nebr. Ter., December 1, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with requirements of Circular Numbers 9, headquarters Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska, November 24, 1864, I have the honor to report as follows:

From the 1st to 16th of November the work of building quarters was vigorously continued. Seven rooms have been erected for officers' quarters, one for sutler and two for quartermaster's and commissary stores. But a few more days' work is required for their completion. About sixty feet of embankment has been constructed of sod-wall four and a half feet in height and three feet in thickness. The amount of fuel used up to the 20th of the mouth was cut on an island in the Platte and hauled a distance of from one to three miles. On the 16th Indians were reported to have been seen on the road between this post and Mullahla's Station. Captain ivory was accordingly sent to scout the country with twenty-five men. Marched ten miles up Plum Creek, then across the bluffs to French's ranch. There being no shelter there, went on to Freeman's ranch and camped. Shortly after arriving at the ranch private Rosecrans, Company D, First Nebraska Cavalry, was severely wounded by a short from an enemy outside. The night was too dark to find any trace of the enemy.

On the following morning, November 17, the party crossed to an island in the Platte. Found no Indian trace, and then marched south into the bluffs, where the trails of a small party of Indians was found leading southward. The horses were too much exhausted, and supply of rations too limited, to profitably pursue, therefore the party returned to camp on the 17th, having marched about fifty miles. The land traveled over was very broken, except when in the Platte Valley. Timber in small bodies and plenty of excellent grass was found on Plum Creek. Nothing more was seen of the Indians until the 19th, when 100 of them attacked a train four miles west at about 5 p. m. I was soon apprised of the fact, and with twelve mounted patrol, accompanied by Captain Curran and Lieutenant Gillespie, galloped for the scene of attack. At sight of my approach the Indians desisted from their attack on the train and drew up in line of battle across the road and awaited my approach. When I had arrived within about 1,000 yards the Indians charged us with furious yells. I ordered my men to dismount, and by steady firing repulsed their attack, but not until they had extended their line so as nearly to surround us. Captain Weatherwax, whom I had ordered to follow as soon as he could mount, was by this time rapidly approaching with twenty-five men. When he was within supporting distance I ordered my men to mount and

