
tenant Mann had shown symptoms of insanity; imagined that he was followed by an Indian through camp, and that Mr. Parker, the guide, wanted to kill him. A young Indian came into camp this p. m. and said he wanted to live with us; said he wanted to be a white man, to have a hat, and boots, and clothes; said he had neither father nor mother, and that he wanted to go with us. He was about fourteen years of age and had a smart, intelligent look for an Indian. I allowed him to remain in camp and gave him all he wanted to eat. He seemed much pleased, but was not satisfied until I assured him that he should go with us when we left and stay with us while we remained there. To- night Lieutenant Mann was wandering through camp perfectly wild, and I was compelled to put him under guard for fear he might do some injury either to himself or some one else.

Thirteenth day, July 30.- Altogether about twenty Indians in camp to- day, six at one time. Had an interview with me. I think one of the number was the Chief Crooked Foot. He said he had just come from the east; that soldiers were hunting the Indians there; that they were being hunted from all sides; that they would be compelled to submit sooner or late, and that he was going to advise all to come in at once and give themselves up while they could save something. he said, as an evidence that the Indians living on Pinal Creek were not thieves, they had neither cattle nor mules; that they never had stolen stock. He said the fact of there being no bones scattered about their homes was evidence. He said he would bring all in with their families the next day to give themselves up. They all expressed their satisfaction at the assurances which I gave them that they would not be harmed, but provided for if they gave themselves up.

Fourteenth day, July 31.- The Indians continue to come into camp in about the same numbers as on the preceding days. This a. m. an old squaw came into camp and said the boy who was staying with me was her boy, and she wanted him to go with her. I asked the lad if he wanted to go and he answered Numbers The squaw then wanted a present for him. I asked the boy if I should give her a present for him. He said that she was nothing to him; that he did not wish me to give her anything on his account. I then told the squaw that the boy was with me of his own choice. If he wanted to leave he could do so; that I did not propose making a slave of him, but expected to take good care of him and give him clothes and everything necessary for his comfort. I told her, furthermore, that when the Indians all came in and gave themselves up she should have a present similar to that given the remainder of the tribe. She left me dissatisfied. About noon or a little after the boy went down to the corn- field for the purpose of bringing up some corn, and three Indians who were there kidnapped him and carried him off. As soon as I ascertained this I seized on six Indians who were in camp at the time, telling them that I should hold them as hostages for the safe return of the boy. At the same time I sent one Indian out to look him up and bring him into camp. This Indian returned in about an hour with a blanket which the boy had with him, but said he could not find the boy. I sent him out again, giving him to understand that the boy, not the blanket, was what I wanted. I at the same time assured him that when the boy was brought in, if he did not desire to stay he should have the liberty of leaving. This was the last Indian that came into my camp. My hostages were as follows; Two bucks, two boys, and two squaws. At about dark I had given directions that the hostages should be tied, and when they were abut to tie them on of the squaws attempted to run off, and was shot and killed by the guard. One of the boys, about

