
charge, which was done with a will. The Indians retreated at full speed for seven miles into the bluffs, when it became so dark that it was inadvisable to pursue them farther. Five of the Indians were killed. Could not ascertain the number wounded, as they were in every instance assisted off the field by their comrades. Our loss 1 horse.

At daybreak next morning, November 20, I sent Captain Curran with forty mounted men to pursue the Indians. He moved to scene of action evening previous, and followed Indian trail up Plum Creek, finding many articles of value abandoned by the enemy, showing that their retreat had been precipitate. Twenty-five miles from Plum Creek Station found one of the enemy's horses with leg broken by musket-ball. Trail then became so much divided that it could not be followed. Captain Curran then marched northward to Mullahla's Station and camped.

On the following morning, November 21, he moved southward into the bluffs, searching carefully for indications of Indians. Failed to find any. Returned to camp evening of 21st. Weather was very cold and several of his men returned with feet and ears frozen. Captain Curran found timber in small quantities on Plum Creek for a distance of twenty miles from this post; after that there was neither timber nor water to be found on the creek. Grass was abundant, but dead. Land very broken between Plum Creek and Platte River.

On the 25th instant, at 9 p. m., the coach from Kearny was attacked four miles east of this post, wounding 3 passengers. Captain Curran was at once sent out with thirty mounted men. The night was intensely dark and no sign of the Indians could be found. A small train was met in a dangerous situation and escorted to the post.

On the 26th, at 4 p. m., a train of five wagons with twenty men was attacked five miles east of this post by about seventy-five Indians. The men being but poorly armed were soon overpowered and left their wagons, retreating toward this post. Two of them were killed and 6 wounded. I was soon notified of the attack by a patrol that had seen the occurrence from an island in the river, where wood-choppers were at work, and mounting thirty men as hastily as possible, I pursued the Indians sixteen miles to Spring Creek, where they were re-enforced, and sheltering themselves in the deep ravines or canons could not be dislodged. A sharp fight her ensued, the Indians being dismounted as well as ourselves. Result not decisive. Enemy's loss, 3 killed; number wounded, unknown. our loss, 1 private McGinnis, Company E, First Nebraska Cavalry, slightly wounded, 1 horse killed, and 2 wounded. In their retreat the Indians were so closely pressed that they abandoned one horse, a number of spears, and the two scalps they had taken from the murdered men. The latter were brought to this post for burial. The wounded were skillfully cared for by Assistant Surgeon Larsh, and are now in a fair way for recovery.

At daylight on the following morning, November 27, I moved south with fifty mounted men and one 12-pounder mountain howitzer. Proceeded to the scene of the engagement the evening previous, hoping to find the Indians still in that vicinity. Failing to do so, I moved southwest about eighteen miles until I struck the Curtis trail, where I encamped for the night.

The next morning, 28th, I continued the march southward, crossing several small streams which were so much swollen that I was somewhat delayed in crossing my howitzer, so that it was night-fall before I reached the Republican, where I encamped.

