
On the following morning, November 29, moved down the river a short distance and met Captain Gillette's party from Fort Kearny. Learning from him that fresh trails had been seen leading northward and none of the south, I deemed it advisable to follow the trails spoken of, which I did, moving down the river to the mouth of Spring Creek, then up that stream about twelve miles, where I found seven Indian lodges recently occupied and capable of containing about 150 Indians. Camped at this point for the night.

Next morning, 30th, I found upon close examination that the Indians had separated or spread out so as to leave no trail that could be followed, and think they must have gone eastward, for had they gone west I should have been almost certain to have seen their trail as I moved south. From this point I marched to the head of Spring Creek, where Captain Gillette, with his command, moved in the direction of Fort Kearny, and I with mine to this post, arriving here about 6 p. m.; distance traveled, about 100 miles. The country passed over was very broken in the vicinity of Spring Creek, and in many places near the Republican. Timber was found in small quantities on both of the above-mentioned streams.

On the 27th I encamped on the open prairie, near a small lake, without any timber at all. Grass was plenty, but dead, and of but little value as forage. Dismounted guards were furnished the overland stage until the 26th, since when a mounted escort of ten men has been provided between this post and Mullahla's Station. The accompanying diagrams* indicate the routes pursued by scouting parties herein mentioned.

I remain, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. J. MAJORS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain William W. Ivory, First Nebraska Cavalry.

PLUM CREEK STATION, NEBR.,

October 17, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully report that in obedience to orders received from Captain Thomas J. Majors, I left here on the morning of the 13th instant to scout the country on Plum Creek, and opposite to Freeman's ranch, the scene of the attack on the stage on the evening of the 12th. I scoured the country around and on Plum Creek some fifteen miles. I then struck across the hills and examined the canons for a breadth of seven miles down to Freeman's and French's ranches, and to within two miles of Captain Ribble's station (Mullahla's). I then crossed to one of the island opposite Freeman's ranch, made a thorough examination of the ground for three miles, found traces of the Indian moccasin tracks, &c. It being dark and my horses nearly given out, I camped. In the morning, 14th I sent a squad of nine men and corporal across the Platte to scout the country on the north side and join me in the evening at this place. I then started for camp, the twenty-four hours' rations ordered out with [me] being exhausted. At the road near Freeman's I got information that a party of Captain Ribble's men, who were out looking for the same Indians I was after, had been attacked

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

