
by a and of Cheyennes, supposed to be forty warriors, under the command of one of there big chiefs, White Antelope. They killed and scalped 2 of Ribble's men, wounded 2, and captured and killed 7 or 8 of his horses. After some fight the small party, only eight men, had to retreat to their station at Mullahla's, six miles from where the men were killed. This occurred the same day I went out, the 13th, but late in the evening and nearly on the same ground my men had gone over.

On hearing this report I started for Captain Ribble's station, and sent word to my men to all join me there. After being joined by Captain Curran's command, some fifteen men, by order received from Captain Majors, we marched for the scene of the attack the day previous. Found the dead bodies of Ribble's company some six miles south of his station. We scouted the country for two to three miles, it being nearly dark when we got out. We returned to Mullahla's ranch and camped. Captain Majors joined the command before we had got out that evening. The next morning, the 15th, we started in the direction of Plum Creek over the ground partly scouted the day before, traveled some fifteen miles south, then ten miles southeast to a lake, find in no trace of the Indians. We then marched for camp at this post, where we arrived about 9 o'clock at night. I would respectfully give it as my opinion, which I hope the captain commanding will forward to district headquarters, that if I had [had] reasonably good horses on this scout, I would more than likely have come on the Indians in their rear about the time of their attack on Sergeant Bangs' party, as I would, if the horses had been able to stand it, have marched some miles farther out. As it was I was under the necessity of marching most of the time at a walk, to enable me to scout the country between this and the point opposite Freeman's ranch, on Plum Creek, and from there to the Platte, as I understand from verbal instructions by the captain commanding. I started out with twenty-seven horses, every one that was fit to travel, out of forty-five horses. Two of them gave out the first five miles and four were unfit to travel out of a walk, that I sent back; and out of the whole number of horses that I had the first evening, when I got to the Platte not five of them could have galloped five miles. I am almost certain with the men I had out if they were properly mounted I could have found the Indians and whipped them, as I would have crossed the Platte with me men the first evening out, an as it proved after, we would more than likely have come up to them on the north side, for the Indians crossed the road and river that night some five miles below this post.

Very respectfully,

WM. W. IVORY,

Captain Squadron H, First Nebr. Cav. Vet. Vols.

Lieutenant LOUIS J. BOYER,

Acting Post Adjutant.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain John R. Porter, First Nebraska Militia Infantry. MIDWAY, october 28, 1864.

DEAR SIR: We had a fight to-day with the Indians; killed 2 and took 3 prisoners. About noon there were twenty-five or thirty Indians came down on the opposite side of the river and run our hay-makers over. I ordered my men to saddle, and we crossed the river. We run them fifteen miles; when we got within shooting distance shot 1 there

