
and got him. Ran about two miles, when 2 more gave up and we took them prisoners; then kept up a running fire to the bluffs on the other side of Buffalo Creek. When near the bluffs we killed another and took 1 more prisoner. We lost 1 good horse, saddle, bridle, and equipments. The boys behaved nobly. I think several carried lead off with them, as there were a good many shots fired at them. All my men arrived in camp 10 p. m.; none killed or wounded. All of them have some Indian trophy, and feel as through they had not served their sixty days for nothing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. PORTER,

Captain, Commanding Post, Midway, Nebr. Ter.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District, Nebraska Territory.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Thomas B. Stevenson, First Nebraska Militia Infantry.

PAWNEE RANCH, October 7, 1864-10 p. m.

COLONEL: Just returned from a disastrous scout to find your General Order, Numbers 4, awaiting me. Yesterday late in the evening I discovered Indians on the prairie to the number of about fifty, between the headwaters of Liberty and Elk Creeks. I had but four men with me. They scattered in a twinkle on seeing us toward Elk Creek. The darkness favored them. I sent immediately to my first lieutenant, F. J. Bremer, commanding Little Blue Station, to spare me all the men possible, I to meet them midway between this post and his. We met at daylight this morning and moved the east side of Liberty Creek; thence to the head of Elk Creek and down some distance without success. I was prepared to stop out all night, the lieutenant was not. He had gone about a mile and then stopped to graze, believing there was not an Indian on Elk Creek,for he had been on the lower part the day before. As I am informed, he crossed the creek with three men to what seemed a trail; was shot dead by Indians in ambush; one of the men is wounded (I think not serious) with an arrow. The wounded man fired on the Indians several times and felled one. The men fell back out of the thicket, Indians being concealed and believed to be numerous, though no one saw more than five at once time. A messenger of those on the other side of the creek came to me. I advanced in haste, but all was over. My lieutenant, a good soldier and worthy man, dead by a gunshot; the ground strewn with arrows; a miserable redskin carried off dead or wounded. I explored the thicket; got some moccasins, Indian purses, lariats, and a gun cover in dens they had in the thicket, but the Indians evaded and escaped me. I have not men enough to hold two stations, guard the stage line, nd go thirty or move down each side of this creek of Indian murderers, and twenty or thirty infantry scour the bed of the creek at the same time, and where necessary burn out the thicket. Will be up to the fort soon.

Your obedient servant,

THOS. B. STEVENSON,

Captain Company A, First Regiment Nebraska Militia.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.

