
masters have found it impossible to take more than half loads over. Mr. Wheatley, wood contractor, has delivered from fifty to seventy-five cords of wood only on his contract to supply the post with 200 cords. I respectfully ask that he be proceeded against for non-fulfillment of contract.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEE. P. GILLETTE,

Captain, First Cav., Nebr. Vet Vols., Commanding Post.

Lieutenant F. A. McDONALD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Charles Thompson, First Nebraska Cavalry, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA TERRITORY,

Fort Kearny, December 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 22, dated headquarters Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska, November 13, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On receiving the order I proceeded immediately to the post at Plum Creek and examined at that place the quartermaster and commissary departments. Supplies for this post are forwarded from Fort Kearny, estimates for six months' supplies having been made and forwarded. The quarters for the troops are completed, but are not occupied on account of not being able to procure any stoves for heating and cooking purposes. The quarters are built without fireplaces. Requisitions my arrival at Plum Creek I wrote him, urging him to procure them at once, as the troops were in a suffering condition for want of them.

This post has a sufficient supply of hay secured for winter use. Fuel for the wants of this post can be procured five miles from the post, and is cut by the troops detailed for that purpose. There are three-six-mule teams at this post, which are used for hauling wood stores, and for post duty. Fresh beef is supplied by contractors, and is of fair quality.

Post of Mullahla's I found in a destitute condition in regard to supplies of fuel and hay. Fuel can be procured twelve miles from the post on Plum Creek, no stream to cross. Lieutenant M. A. Hance, First Nebraska Cavalry, and acting assistant quartermaster, informed me that if he could get a supply of axes he could get a detail of men to cut the wood, and as there is no teams at this post, proposed to press a train to haul it in when he should have a sufficient amount put up. The axes have been forwarded to him. There is on hand at this post about twenty-two tons of hay, but will require seventy-five tons more. I hired a Mr. Smith with his mowing machine to put up the amount required, but after having been at work a short time, the ground being frozen so hard,the machine broke and rendered it almost useless, and Mr. Smith was compelled to abandon the idea of cutting any more hay this season. There is no hay near this post that can be purchased. I wold respectfully call the attention of the commanding officer to this fact for his guidance in stationing mounted troops at this post. Supplies for this post are procured from Fort Kearny, and estimates of stores have been made.

