
Post at Dan Smith's Station: The quarters for the troops at this post are completed and are in a comfortable condition. Stores are procured from Fort Cottonwood; estimates for six months' supplied have been made and forwarded. There are twenty-eight tons of hay put up at this post, and it will be sufficient for the command now stationed there, provided it is issued in accordance with orders from sub-district headquarters. A sufficient amount of fuel is secured at this post for winter's use, and more can be procured six miles from the station. No team at this post. Hauling has been done by teams pressed for the purpose.

Post At Gillman's Station: Stores are procured from Fort Cottonwood; estimates have been made for six months' supplied and forwarded. Quarters for the troops have been erected and are completed and in comfortable condition. Stabling for the horses are receiving repairs post for the present command during the winter. Fuel can be procured by the troops for the use of this post, having two six-mules teams for hauling purpose and can be obtained seven miles from the station. Fresh beef is supplied by contract under the direction of the commissary of subsistence at Fort Cottonwood, and is of good quality.

Fort Cottonwood: This post is the depot of supplies for the following-named posts: Dan Smith's Station, Gillman's Station, Fort Morrow, O'Fallon's Bluffs, Alkali Station, Beauvais Station, and Julesburg, and has ample stores room for supplies for twelve months. The quartermaster buildings are excellent and in good condition. At present they are greatly in need of quartermaster stores and clothing. Captain King, commissary of subsistence and acting assistant quartermaster, having made his estimates and forwarded them some time ago, has been informed that they are being filled and stores are now on the way. The supply of grain at this post is sufficient for this and the posts mentioned for two months and contract made for a further supply, not completed. The supply of hay already secured is sufficient for winter's use and is of good quality, Captain King having complied with instructions from district quartermaster's office instructing him to purchase all the hay in the vicinity of Fort Cottonwood. Arrangements are made to keep up the supply of fuel for the winter, having it cut by the troops and hauled by public and private transportation (of the latter four teams are hired). Sufficient fuel can be collected from three to seven miles from this post. There are five Government teams at this post for hauling wood and other post purposes. The stabling is only sufficient for the cavalry horses now stationed here, leaving the quartermaster's animals exposed to the weather. A sufficient number of logs, however, have been purchased to build a quartermaster stable-is in course of erection and will soon be completed. fresh beef is furnished this post by contract, is supplied when required, and is of good quality. Twenty-six wagon loads of subsistence stores are on the way from and left Omaha on the 15th ultimo. Fort Cottonwood is destitute of blacksmith's, wagon-maker's, and saddler's shops, not having been furnished with the necessary tools. Fort Cottonwood is destitute of blacksmith's, wagon maker's, and saddler's shop, not having been furnished with the necessary tools. Estimates have been made for them and as soon as received shops will be commenced, which are indispensable to this and dependent posts.

Fort Morrow: Troops at this station receive their supplies from Fort Cottonwood, the same as troops stationed at that place. Fuel can be procured at a short distance.

Fort O'Fallon's Bluff's is supplied from Fort Cottonwood. Quarters for troops and stabling are well arranged and in good condition. Full supply of hay secured; 300 tons put up by contract awarded by dis-

