
trict quartermaster. Supply of fuel arranged is cut by troops detailed and hauled by transportation hired; distance, thirty miles. One six mule team for post service, &amp;c., at this post. Tools for blacksmith and saddler shop complete and in good working order. Fresh beef supplied by contractor, Mr. John Morrow.

Post at Alkali receives supplied from Fort Cottonwood. Quarters for troops completed and in comfortable condition. Officers' quarters and quartermaster building will soon be completed. One thousand feet of lumber are required at this post to complete stables, quarters, &c., none being on hand at Fort Kearny. I gave the necessary order for it to be purchased and forwarded. Supply of hay for winter's use secured, having been purchased by contract. This post is destitute of fuel, having to haul it sixty miles. The commanding officer informed me that fuel could not be procured at present less than $47 a cord. I directed his quartermaster to procure a quantity at as low figures as possible and to watch for trains returning from the west empty, and by that means procure a supply for winter at reasonable rates. Four Government teams on hand for hauling supplies, &c.; fresh beef supplies by Mr. Fales during the month of November. William Morrow having been awarded the contract to furnish all posts west of Fort Cottonwood, he will in future furnish fresh beef to this post.

Beauvais Station supplies from Fort Cottonwood. Sufficient supply of hay put up by Mr. Beauvais and gave necessary instructions for its purchase at $45 per ton. Fuel cannot be procured nearer than sixty miles. Mr. Beauvais having some five cords on hand, I gave instructions for it to be purchased at $45 per cord. Troops are stationed at the ranch of Mr. Beauvais and no Government buildings have been put up.

Julesburg: This post receives supplies from Fort Cottonwood, but an estimate was made direct on department quartermaster, which is now being filled and stores are on the way. The men's quarters at this post are not completed, one of the buildings not being covered; the poles have to be hauled a distance of seventy-five and eighty miles. Captain O'Brien, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, is using every exertion to complete his quarters and stales and make them comfortable as soon as possible. Corn is supplied by contract and is promptly forwarded. A sufficient supply of hay is secured. Fuel cut by enlisted men and hauled by hired teams. Commanding officer can keep up a supply in this way. One post team on hand at the post. Fresh beef supplied by contractor, Mr. Morrow.

Post at Pawnee Ranch is supplied from Fort Kearny; quarters and stables are comfortable and in good condition. Supply of hay secured. A sufficient supply of fuel is secured for this post, the commanding officer having promised the men that they should be paid for cutting the wood. They are anxious to know the price they will be allowed per cord, as their time of service expires on the 13th instant. Fuel is procured three miles from the station. No Government transportation at this post. Three private teams hired and paid by Captain S. H. Moer, assistant quartermaster, Omaha, Nebr. Ter. Fresh beef furnished by Contractor Beckwith and is of fair quality.

Little Blue Station receives supplies from Fort Kearny. Twenty-five tons of hay at this station and fifty-eight horses to be supplied. The amount is not sufficient to feed through the winter and I would suggest that when the troops at pawnee Ranch leave, a portion of the troops at Little Blue Station be ordered to that station. Supply of fuel can be procured within one mile of the post. Two private teams hired for post purposes. Quarters and stables completed and in good condition.

