
Junction Station receives supplies from Fort Kearny. Quarters and stables in good condition. Present supply of hay secured and should any more be required, can be purchased in the vicinity. No Government teams at the post; private transportation hired.

Post at Columbus receives supplies direct from Omaha; has a full supply of quartermaster and commissary stores. Hay and fuel secured. Quarters and stables erected and almost completed. Two government teams at the station.

Fort Kearny is the depot of supplies of the following posts: Mullahla's Station, Plum Creek, Pawnee Ranch, Little Blue Station, and Junction Station. The supply of stores at Fort Kearny is small, being entirely out of articles most needed. Estimates for stores have been made and forwarded for six months' supplied, but stores not yet received. A supply of hay has been obtained to last through the winter, and will allow of an issue of ten pounds to the ration. The contractors failed to fill the contract for the regular winter supply,and the above war procured by impressment and private purchase. A supply of fuel for two months for this post secured and arranged,but requires hauling. Private transportation will have to be hired for the purpose. A wood party of enlisted men are at present out cutting wood, distance from the fort sixteen miles. The post quartermaster has instructions to purchase wood, but as yet has not been able to obtain any. Laborers are scarce, and it is a difficult matter to get responsible persons to take contracts at this season unless at exorbitant rates. There are four six-mule teams at this post, used for hauling wood and other post purposes. Any transportation required outside the garrison, forwarding stores, &amp;c., has to be hired from private sources. There is quite a number of old wagons at this post that can be repaired. The post quartermaster has been directed to procure material, &c., and make the necessary repairs as soon as possible. Hay and fuel for the supply of Fort Kearny is contracted for by Captain S. H. Moer, assistant quartermaster, District of Nebraska, at Omaha, Nebr. Ter. Contract for 250 tons of hay (and afterward increased 250 tons) was made with James S. Wheatley. Only 200 tons on this contract was delivered, and that was consumed as fast as received, leaving the post at Fort Kearny in the month of October without a ration of hay on hand. The consequence is that hay has to be taken from people who have put it up for the purpose of furnishing freighters during the winter and spring,and more than double the amount paid per ton for the hay that it could have been procured for int he summer, besides being of great inconvenience to the parties who are compelled to furnish it. Contracts for 200 cords of wood, and afterward increased 500 cords, made with James S. Wheatley by Captain S. H. Moer, assistant quartermaster. Only fifty cords on this contract have been delivered, leaving the garrison destitute of fuel, consequently it has to be procured at high rates, besides to the non-fulfillment of contracts, I would respectfully call attention to the opinion given by the Solicitor of the War Department, and promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 20, Quartermaster-General's Office, May 12, 1864. Non-performance of contracts has left this post in a most critical condition.

On examining the unserviceable and condemned animals at this post I found that eighty cavalry horses and seven mules had been submitted to the district inspector as unserviceable, and by him condemned and recommended to be sold; report forwarded to department commander for approval but not yet returned. The above horses,eighty in number, with the exception of some four or five, have all been recently re-

