
ceived from the district quartermaster at Omaha, Nebr. Ter., and sent from that place as serviceable cavalry horses, being recently purchased and never used in the service. On the arrival of a large lot of the above company commanders having been notified that the animals were ready for issue as per their requisitions, refused to take them on the ground that they were not fit for cavalry horses and were unserviceable. A board of survey was immediately convened and the above number thrown out and pronounced as unserviceable. These horses have never seen any service, only traveling from Omaha to Fort Kearny, a distance of 215 miles, making slow marches. The animals were so poor that a number actually died on the road. Animals of such a class should not be purchases, as it is a great detriment to the interests of the Government and the public service in consuming forage, which is scarce and costly, and when wanted for the purpose they were purchased for are found totally unfit for use. Commanding officers at Fort Kearny and other posts in this sub-district are continually complaining of not receiving promptly quartermaster and commissary stores on estimates that have been forwarded in due season.

The posts at Forts Kearny and Cottonwood during the past three months have been very badly supplied, causing the troops to suffer more or less for the want of necessary clothing. In some cases for the want of boots men have been compelled to purchase moccasins, and other articles of clothing that have been worn out (on account of the large portion of fatigue duty to be performed in erecting and establishing new stations on the route) cannot be replaced for want of stores. The supply of commissary stores could not be kept up,and the troops in some instances could not procure the full rations, and this, when some of the men were working hard building quarters, procuring fuel, &amp;c., and exposed to severe weather. On account of stores not having been forwarded promptly on estimates, and the store-houses being empty, quartermasters have been compelled to take stores from trains destined to posts west of here.

At Forts Kearny and Cottonwood, the store-rooms are good and sufficient of at least nine months' supplies for the respective and dependent posts, and I would respectfully ask, why stores estimated for have not been forwarded. Fresh beef is furnished Fort Kearny by Mr. Boyd, contractor; is of good quality and delivered when required. Estimate of commissary and quartermaster stores, and of clothing, camp and garrison equipage for six months please find inclosed,* which please approve and forward to the proper officers. Estimates for six months' supplies have been made out and transmitted previously, and the amount forwarded on the estimate should be deducted from the accompanying. In my estimate of the 9th of October I asked for thirty-six mules teams. I would again respectfully urge that they be forwarded as soon as practicable, as they would be of vital importance and the greatest relief to the various posts of this sub-district in forwarding supplied, procuring fuel, &c.

Trusting that the stores asked for on the accompanying estimates will be forwarded promptly.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES THOMPSON,

Lieutenant, First Nebr. Cav. Vet. Vols., and A. A. Q. M., A. C. S.

Lieutenant F. A. McDONALD,

First Nebr. Cav. Vet. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Eastern Sub-District, of Nebr. Ter., Fort Kearny.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

54 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

