
fifteen years of age, also started to run. About twenty shots were fired at him and he must have been killed, as the Indians were hunting the brush for him all of that night and the night after. The brush was so thick that it was useless for us to make search for his body.

Fifteenth day, August 1.- Sent Captain Harrover with Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,with instructions to skirmish over the mountain west of Pinal Creek and north of the canyon, kill all buck indians big enough to bear arms and capture all squaws and children he might come upon; also to examine carefully for caches of wheat. Captain Simpson was sent over the mountains south of the canyon. Lieutenant Stockwell was directed to scour the valley for Indians; all with similar instructions. I started myself with Sergeant Fergusson, of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and twenty- five men to skirmish the mountains east of Pinal Creek, which I did from Salt River on the north to a point one mile and a half south of the camp over a strip three or four miles in width . I succeeded in killing 1 Indian, which afterward proved to be a squaw, and capturing 1 squaw. Captains Harrover and Simpson reported meeting no Indians. Captain Harrover reported finding several caches which had been raised apparently two weeks. Lieutenant Stockwell reported meeting no Indians. On starting up the mountains on my skirmish I met ColoneL Woolsey, Arizona miners, who reported the arrival of his command. This evening at the solicitation of Colonel Woolsey, who thought by doing so he might get the chief into camp, I set at liberty the squaw held as hostage for the return of the boy. She promised to return in two days with the chief. I told her that unless the boy was returned I should kill the hostages.

Sixteenth day, August 2.- Sent Lieutenant Stockwell with fifteen men of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to Camp Rigg for rations. Ordered the whole command on half rations to enable me to make a scout to Big Rump Valley. Had details out cutting and drying corn for men's rations.

Seventeenth day, August 3.- Lieutenant Qualey arrived with detachment, bringing express and Special Orders, Numbers 126, headquarters Apache Expedition. Hung the two buck Indian hostages at sundown.

Eighteenth day, August 4.- Sent Captain Harrover with thirty- five men of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, up Pinal Creek to the Pinal Mountains at its head. Ordered Captain Simpson, with forty men of his company, to the same destination by way of Big Horse Canyon, and was preparing to start myself with a small detachment by the eastern route when express arrived from Camp Rigg ordering in all the troops. Sent dispatch immediately to Captain harrover with orders to return to camp, and countermanded Captain Simpson's orders.

Nineteenth day, August 5.- Sent detachments to the various cornfields, with orders to cut down and destroy all corn and crops which remained. Broke camp at 2 p. m. and started on my march back to Camp Rigg in compliance with orders from Major Smith, commanding. Left Sergeant Fergusson in charge of twelve men of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers; twelve men of Company I, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, and three volunteers from Colonel Woolsey's command, secreted abut camp, with instructions to kill any Indians coming into camp after the command moved out. Sergeant Fergusson was ordered to remain hidden until evening unless the Indians should discover him at an earlier hour, in which case he would join the command at once. marched nine miles up the Eastern Fork of pinal Creek and halted for the night in the midst of a terrific storm.

