
SEPTEMBER 30, 1864.-Skirmish at Waynesville, Mo.

Reports of Lieutenant Thomas B. Wright, Company B, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WAYNESVILLE, September 30, 1864.

SIR: I attacked twenty guerrillas to-day in Waynesville; killed 1, said by citizens to be Bill Anderson, and wounded 2 others, who made their escape; killed 2 horses and captured a third. Also captured a revolver and some clothing dropped by the rebels in their flight. Our loss, 2 horses wounded. They burned stabling of one company and set fire to the magazine in the fort, but it did not burn. No other damage done to property. They robbed the country clerk of $100 and secured a small amount of clothing from the citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. B. WRIGHT,

First Lieutenant Co. B, Fifth Regiment Cav., Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant-Colonel EPPSTEIN,

Rolla, Mo.

OCTOBER 1, 1864.

SIR: Since writing I have learned that this band were under command of a man named Burkhart, formerly of Texas County, Mo., who represented that he belonged to Shelby's command, but several of his men were recognized here and are know to be bushwhackers. I do not think they have any connection with the army invading the State. I learned to-day that they had collected and gone in southern direction.

T. B. WRIGHT.

Lieutenant-Colonel EPPSTEIN,

Rolla, Mo.

SEPTEMBER-, 1864.-Capture of the Steamer Ike Davis.

Report of Major General John G. Walker, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Anderson, October 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Captain W. F. Brown, of the Marine Department, and Lieutenant Marcus J. Beebee, of the C. S. Navy, and eight others (volunteers for the enterprise), a few days ago captured the U. S. steamer Ike Davis, a packet between mouth of Rio Grande and New Orleans, and ran here into Matagorda Bay, where she now lies. These gentlemen entered themselves as passengers for New Orleans, and when twelve miles from Brazos rose upon the crew, drove them below, and took possession of the vessel-a steamer of 400 tons and said to be very fast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

