
Numbers 4.- Major Frederick Behlendorff, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 5.- Captain Adolph Bechand, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 6.- Captain Gurnsey W. Davis, Thirteen Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 7.- Captain Joseph G. Tilford, Third U. S. Cavalry.

Numbers 8.- Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eight Missouri Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 9.- Major George T. Shelling, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

No. 10.- Lieutenant George J. Campbell, Third U. S. Cavalry.

No. 11.- Brigadier General Powell Clayton, U. S. Army, commanding post of Pine Bluff, Ark.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., October 21, 1864.

GENERAL: Major-General Reynolds arrived here to-day and will leave here this evening for the mouth of White River. He promises to dispatch you all the news obtained here in regard to the movements of the enemy, &amp;c. I sent 500 cavalry to drive in the enemy's pickets on the Saline and penetrate their line, which I alluded to in my last dispatch. This command went to Princeton, drove out a small force of the enemy, and found no rebel property there, except some Enfield rifles, which they destroyed. There was a considerable cavalry force encamped near Princeton, which by a flank movement got in front of our troops on their return, and attacked them about twenty-one miles from here. Our troops charged them, driving them off the field, killing, 27, and capturing 1 lieutenant and 16 men. Our loss, 1 killed and 8 wounded. Dockery's brigade is picketing along the Saline. There is one brigade, about 1,000, at Monticello. Accounts are conflicting a regard to the force at Camden. Magruder is probably there with a small infantry force and considerable artillery. His infantry is encamped on Prairie D'Ane. Your estimate of his force agrees with mine. He thinks I am about to move against him with 30,000. Rebel citizens are moving south in anticipation of our advance. The cavalry that I sent to Fort Smith returned, with dates from Thayer 10th instant. He is constantly threatened by a force estimated at 8,000 under General GaNumbers He had about forty day's rations, had received none by way of Fort Scott, and depends upon this depot for his next supplies. It is my opinion that Price will return south by way of the Indian country, and will attack Fort Smith. I intend get in hand all the force possible to move against Price on his return. I have spies in his camp who will notify me. General Herron has assumed to give me orders to dismount three cavalry regiments, and to reduce my cavalry pickets. In my opinion this does come within the scope of his instructions, and I shall not comply with his directions without orders from you on the subject. He has also directed me to issue orders correcting abuses, which do not exist that I can learn. The data upon which he grounds his opinion seem to have derived hearsay evidence of my enemies. He has made no inspections, and has confined himself to his quarters nearly all the time since his arrival here.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.

