
LITTLE ROCK, October 31, 1864.

GENERAL: A train of thirty-five wagons from Price's army crossed at Dardanelle on the 20th. On the 23rd about fifty men from the Third Arkansas Cavalry, and some loyal men, attacked the rebel escort, killed 15, wounded others, and drove the rest into the mountains, capturing 35 wagons, 200 horses, and $11,000 in money. Seven hundred of our troops from Fort Smith came up just as the affair was over. We are watching Price's movements closely. I have both infantry and cavalry en route for Fort Smith now. General Thayer has orders to draw in his outposts and all public property to Fort Smith before Price can reach them, in case he should come that way. I think he is so hard pushed by Rosecrans, that he will go west of Fort Smith. Our cavalry from Pine Bluff had a sharp skirmish with Logan on the Little Rock road day before yesterday with success. No official reports received. I will send you a summary, of operations for the month. Several escaped prisoners from Tyler, Tex., have just come in. They were assisted off by deserters who have not yet got in. It is reported that rebel cavalry is moving from Red River country toward Camden. A cavalry scouting party just returned from north side of White River. They had a skirmish, killed 3, captured 15 prisoners and 73 head of horses and mules.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY.

Numbers 2. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Albert Erskine, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry commanding.*

October 7.- A reconnaissance in force toward Monticello and Mount Elba was ordered. The expedition was under Colonel Ritter, of the Second Brigade, and comprised about 700 men of that brigade and 300 of the First Brigade, under Colonel Erskine. The column marched to within fifteen miles of Monticello, and hearing that there was no enemy there, it was ordered toward Mount Elba, where the rear guard of the enemy was encountered and driven across the Saline River. The expedition returned October 10.

October 13.- Colonel Erskine, with 250 men of the First Brigade, marched toward Arkansas Post, which place was reached on the 15th.

October 18.- The expedition returned to Pine Bluff, having encountered but one small band of the enemy, from which were captured 1 prisoners and 6 horses. The expedition brought into Pine Bluff 400 head of cattle, 30 horses, and 125 sheep.

October 24.- Captain Bechand, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, with thirty men, was ordered on scout toward Mount Elba; went nine miles beyond that place; ascertained that the enemy was picketing the line of the Saline River. Returning he encountered thirty of the enemy twelve miles from Pine Bluff; charged and drove them into the woods, capturing 10 stand of arms and 6 mules.

October 25.- Captain Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, with fifty men, was ordered out to repair telegraph on the Little Rock road; discovered an ambush of fifty of the enemy near Rock Springs; charged and drove them, having 2 men badly wounded. The brigade furnishes daily 205 men and 6 officers for picket, and every other day fifty men for foraging.

---------------

* From monthly return.

---------------

