
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel John F. Ritter, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, CAV., DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., October 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 8, dated headquarters Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Little Rock, Ark., October 3, 1864, and letter from district headquarters of the same date, I proceeded to Pine Bluff with available portion of this brigade (777 aggregate), arriving there on the 6th instant. Received a re-enforcement of 250 men at Pine Bluff and marched on the 7th in the direction of Monticello, with orders to ascertain the where abouts, strength, &amp;c., of the enemy. Encamped within fifteen miles of Monticello that night, my patrols going within eight or nine miles of the town without encountering anything. My scouts brought me information that the enemy had positively evacuated Monticello, and that two brigades of cavalry had left that vicinity a few days before and marched to Mount Elba. Marched to Mount Elba on the 8th instant and found a picket of about fifty men there, which was quickly driven across the Saline River. This is the only force of the enemy seen on the whole march. The inhabitants of the country reported that the enemy had all withdrawn to Camden, some said, for the want of subsistence. I found it very difficult to forage my animals, and from information I received, it would have been almost impossible to do so in the vicinity of Monticello. The reported strength of the enemy is from 14,000 to 15,000, about 3,000 of this force being cavalry. Returned to Pine Bluff on the 9th and there received orders to proceed to Little Rock. Arrived at Little Rock on the 11th instant. Total distance marched, about 200 miles. A good supply of forage on the north side of the Arkansas, about midway between Little Rock and Pine Bluff, in some cases a good distance from the river, but it could be easily obtained before the rainy season sets in. Also, it was reported to me that 900 bushels could be obtained at Doctor Watkins', on the south side (middle road), about sixteen miles from Little Rock. The following is the list of casualties, viz: Missing and supposed to have deserted-James McNamara, Third U. S. Cavalry; James Maxwell, Third U. S. Cavalry; John Cosbell, John F. Crosby, First Cavalry Missouri Volunteers. Number of horses abandoned 7; number of horses taken up, 3.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. RITTER,

Colonel First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Division, Seventh Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel John F. Ritter, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding.*

During the month of October this brigade has been constantly engaged in scouting, escort, picket, and outpost duty.

October 4.- The available portion of the brigade (about 800 men) was ordered upon an important reconnaissance, under command of Colonel

---------------

* From monthly return.

---------------

