
J. F. Ritter. Marching via Pine Bluff, Ark., the command was augmented to about 1,000 men by forces from that place, and proceeded to the vicinity of Monticello, whence, learning that place had abandoned that place, it proceeded to Mount Elba, on the Saline River, the limit of the reconnaissance, where a large force of the enemy had crossed over, going south, two days before. The command returned by the way of Pine Bluff to Little Rock, where it arrived on October 11, having traveled about 200 miles. No casualties resulting from engagements with the enemy occurred during the expedition.

October 19.- Major General G. S. Avery, Third Missouri Cavalry, in charge of about 360 men from this brigade and about 100 men from the Fourth Brigade, Cavalry Division, made a reconnaissance to Princeton, Ark.

On the return, and when within twenty miles of Little Rock, the command was attacked by 500 of the enemy in ambush. After a sharp engagement the enemy were routed, leaving 27 dead on the field and carrying off a number wounded. Our casualties were as follows: Second Brigade, - killed, 1 wounded mortally, and 9 slightly and severely, including 1 commissioned officer; Fourth Brigade, 1 killed, 1 wounded.

The scout returned on the fifth day.

October 26.- Captain Tilford, Third U. S. Cavalry, with about 375 men of this brigade, was ordered on a scout; traveled about sixty miles and returned on the second day. During the month this brigade has furnished a number of escorts for trains and military telegraph, and numerous details for special service, &amp;c.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Frederick Behlendorff, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 9, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders received from you to keep a journal during the scouting expedition which left Pine Bluff on the morning of the 7th day of October, under command of Colonel J. F. Ritter, I hereby have the honor to submit to you the following report:

The troops selected for the purpose consisted of detachments from the First and Second Brigades of the Cavalry Division and were parts of the following regiments: Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, First Indiana Cavalry, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, First and Third Missouri Cavalry, Third Regular Cavalry, Third and Fourth Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, U. S. Army. The command moved out of Pine Bluff on the morning of the 7th of October, toward sunrise, on the so-called lower Monticello road, Colonel Ritter's brigade in advance. This road is emphatically a bottom road for twelve miles, and winds through heavy timber throughout, except where corn-fields and here and there an old cotton-field relieve the monotony of the woods. For the first three miles from the town of Pine Bluff a shallow bayou skirts the road on the left. For the next nine miles the bayou runs on the right side of the road affording water at all seasons. Six miles from town Mr. Clay has some corn in the field on the left side of the road, a good deal of it gathered. Seven and three-quarters miles from town Mr. Currie has a big corn-field. He gathered most of his corn already; estimates it a from 800 to 1,000 bushels. Half of it belongs to the negroes who work on the place. Ten miles from town Mr. McCahey

