
Mount Elba on the country road, passed Cornersville at 8 a. m. Lane's brigade of rebel cavalry reported to have passed over this road on Tuesday, October 4. Road cut by wagons and traveled much. One-half mile west of Cornersville ten acres of corn in field on the right of the road. Three miles west of Cornersville a bayou crosses the road. Bridge across bayou partly destroyed; may be repaired, if necessary, in less than two hours. Very bad bottom beyond the bayou, road almost impassable; thick brush and heavy timber on both sides; frequent signs of recent encampments; road reported as the base line of rebel chain. Guard of pickets from Mount Elba to Branchville. One-half mile west of bayou the ground rises again. One mile below bayou, road comes in from the right just before you come to Robert Harper's farm. No corn there but fine situation for a camp on left of road in old field (high ground). At Robert Harper's place the Warren and Pine Bluff road crosses the Cornersville and Mount Elba road. Distance from Robert Harper's to Warren, fifteen miles. One mile west of Robert Harper's place a small creek crosses the road. About one mile beyond comes Jim Harper's place, nine miles to Mount Elba. Forty acres of corn at Jim Harper's. At this place a rebel outpost of eight or ten men is discovered by some of Lieutenant Grove's men. The advance gives chase, but the road gets worse again; perfect swampy bottom; quick pursuit impossible. One half mile west of Jim Harper's John M. Hamilton's farm, with fifteen acres of corn and good water near, affords a fine camping-ground. Extensive pasture on the left of the road right behind Hamilton's farm-house. Road coming in from the right just below Hamilton's. Widow McKinley, seven miles to Mount Elba. Three hundred of Harrison's brigade of rebel cavalry reported to have passed this place on Thursday, October 6. One hundred bushels of corn on Davis' farm, one-fourth of a mile below McKindred bushels of corn on Davis' farm, one-fourth of a mile below McKinley's. One mile below Davis' Creek, with plenty of good water, crosses the road, with deeply cut-in banks; bad crossing; swampy bottom on both sides of creek; heavy timber and thick underbrush on both sides of road. Widow Wudlow's, four miles to Mount Elba. Right below, Main's farm with good, water and some corn; also cattle. Small creek passes the road one-half mile below Main's farm. At Mr. Main's farm a road leads off to the right and north, intersecting the Warren and Pine Bluff road. One mile and one-fourth, below Main's county road crosses the Mount Elba road at right angles, leading south to the ford of the Saline River, two miles below Mount Elba, and leading northward into the Mount Elba and Pine Bluff road. Mr. Vint's farm, two miles to Mount Elba. The road to Pine Bluff leads off to the right and north opposite the gate of Mr. Vint's house. Mr. Vint reports that since Monday, October 3, 2,000 mounted troops, all in all, passed by to Mount Elba. The last of them, on Thursday, October 6, were 300 of Harrison's men (rebel cavalry). Rebel vedettes encountered by the advance just below Mr. Vint's; chase to the Saline by the advance. One fourth of a mile below Mr. Vint's large old field on the right of road splendid camping-ground and good grazing. One-half mile below Vint's farm road from Pine Bluff intersects the Cornersville and Mount Elba road. Short skirmish between our advance, under command of Captain Bechand, of the Thirteenth Illinois, and some fifty or sixty rebels, supposed to be the rear guard of the rear guard of the rebel cavalry. Captain Bechand drove them across the Saline River in gallant style. Mount Elba consists of one old farm-house and a few dilapidated negro huts. The command returns to Pine Bluff at 2.15 p. m., on the Mount Elba and Pine Bluff road. Heavy timber and impassable thickets lining

