
The creek,which was perfectly dry before, run a depth of twenty feet of water within the short space of thirty minutes. Several men and animals were cut off from the main command and were unable to join it until the next morning.

Twentieth day, August 6.- Sergeant Fergusson reached camp with his detachment at daybreak and reported that in about three hours after the command left camp fifteen Indians approached. His men fired upon and killed five of the number. For particulars I respectfully refer you to Sergeant Fergusson's report, which is herewith transmitted. Broke camp at 8 a. m. Marched to Camp Rigg, where we arrived at 8 p. m. Here the troops were turned over as a part of the garrison of that camp in command of Captain Frink, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers.

At 1 p. m. August 7 I started,in company with Colonel Woolsey, Doctor Allcott, and the guides, Jaycox and Parker, for this post, where I arrived at 11.30 p. m.

In conclusion, I would respectfully say that the cause of failure to surprise the camp of Indians on Pinal Creek was, the distance being greater than we had been informed, we were unable to make the march in the time allowed. Another unfortunate circumstance was meeting the party of Indians at midnight while on our march to make the attack. Had this accident not occurred we might have made camp and deferred out attack another day. At the time I received my orders to come in with my command I was fitting out an expedition to Big Rump Mountain,, distant from the camp on Pinal Creek in a direct line abut twenty miles, where a large number of Indians have concentrated to resist the whites. I believer I should have had a fight here had I not been ordered in.

The results of the scout may be briefly summed up as follows: Number of Indians killed, 10; number of Indians captured, 2; amount of corn destroyed, 20 acres, besides a considerable amount of beans, pumpkins, &amp;c. The two captured Indians, one of them, however, the boy, was one oft hostages, were sent into Camp Rigg in charge of Lieutenant Stockwell, to be turned over to the officer in command at that camp.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. J. BLAKENEY,

Major First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant JOHN LAMBERT,

Fifth Infty. Cal. and Adjutant Apache Expedition.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP RIGG, Rio San Carlos, August 7, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that agreeable to orders I remained in camp three hours,when fifteen Apaches were seen approaching the camp. When they were thrown into confusion and fled in every direction, throwing down their arms and everything that could retard their flight. We immediately started in pursuit, but the close proximity of dense brush prevented out finding but one. We trailed four others into the brush by their blood. I am satisfied that 5 were killed or mortally wounded. We also took 2 blankets, 1 lance, 1 bow and several arrows, and 2 pairs of moccasins.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FERGUSSON,

Sergeant of Company E, Fifth Infantry California Vols.

Major T. J. BLAKENEY.

