
to run off the negroes, which they did, but not in the direction they expected. Early on the morning of the 27th I returned to the boat, went aboard, found everything safe with about forty infantrymen, and the captain not seeming to fear an attack, I concluded the object of the expedition had been accomplished, and returned to the city, which I reached about sunset on the 28th. In regard to forage, I would state that I fed at the Irving plantation, but arriving there in the night, and leaving very early in the morning, I did not see the amount of corn.

I fed also at Pennington's and Perkins' plantations, near where the boat is. I found abundance for my command, but can't say how much is left. I had to leave one man sick (First Missouri) at Johnson's, about twelve miles from the city.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. TILFORD,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

[Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,]

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Div., Seventh Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eight Missouri Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAV. DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, Ark., November 3, 1864.

SIR: In compliance to orders received from district headquarters, I have the honor to report that in reading the telegram which ordered me to send the scout of 500 men to Lewisburg I read it Little Rock, by mistake, and not knowing what length of time they should have to remain to await the arrival of Major-General Herron, I did not know what number of rations to furnish. I sent rations to the 1st of November, which were all I had on hand. I supposed that they could draw rations at Little Rock. I sent no transportation because I was not ordered to do so. In relation to the scout sent east of White River, I made the detail and gave the officer in charge the instructions, which I received. During the review of my brigade, October 25, 1864, Generals Steele and West asked me if I had made the detail for the east of White River. I told them I had not. They replied that they wished Major Snelling, of the Tenth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, to go in command, and asked me to send for him that they might give him instructions, I did so. He had an interview with them. I detailed the number of men required, 200; placed Major Snelling in command. He left this camp at 8 a. m. October 26, 1864; arrived back on the 2nd instant.

Herewith I have the honor to forward the report of Major Snelling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Little Rock, Ark.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding.*

October 5.- The brigade marched out of Austin, Ark., at 9 a. m., to Brownsville, Ark., a distance of fifteen miles, and went into camp.

---------------

* From monthly return.

---------------

