
hounds for chasing conscripts out of the swamps. After taking five guns from the house and a lot of ammunition, I ordered the house set on fire. The other house was one of Rayborne's men's houses, who shot at my men from the house, then running, pursued by me men, who killed him near the house. Myself returning back to Cotton Plant that night. Captain Flesher, of the Ninth Kansas, returned about 9 p. m., bringing in 4 Confederate soldiers, a lot of stock, mules and horses; reported to have killed 1 bushwhacker, burned 1 house. Camped in the town all night. The next morning I sent out scouts in all directions with orders to bring in all the stock they could find. The different scouting parties returned back to the Plant that night; camped.

Started the morning of the 31st of October, 1864, with 11 prisoners, 50 head of horses, 23 head of mules, 2 wagons; moved back eighteen miles; camped on Horn Lake. Marched at 4 a. m. on the morning of 1st of November. Arrived at the river on the opposite side of the Bluffs at 1 p. m.; crossed my command over; reported to General Andrews; turned the prisoners over to the provost-marshal; camped for the night. Marched at 4 a. m. on the 2nd. Arrived at Brownsville at 2 p. m. without any further trouble, having been out seven days. Casualties are as follows: Killed 3 bushwhackers, broke up 150 small-arms, shotguns and rifles, bringing in 73 head of horses and mules, 11 prisoners.

I am, sir, your humble servant,

GEO. T. SNELLING,

Major Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel WASHINGTON F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE LITTLE ROCK,November 9, 1864.

The within reports* are respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

My orders were explicit in both cases, copying the language from department headquarters. I was not aware that the commanding general had given any special instructions to Major Snelling, and neither General West nor General Andrews had any authority from me to alter his instructions, which required him to go to Madison by way of Clarendon and return by way of Cotton Plant.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant George J. Campbell, Third U. S. Cavalry.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 20,, headquarters Cavalry Division, October 18, the command composed of the following detachments started from the camp of the Third Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, October 19, 1864, at 9 a. m.: First Missouri Cavalry, 150 men and 3 officers; Third Missouri Cavalry, 42 men and 2 officers; First Iowa Cavalry, 40 men and no officers; Ninth Kansas Cavalry, 100

---------------

* Geiger's, p. 861, and Snelling's, next, ante.

---------------

