
it too strong to warrant an attack, and in accordance with orders fell back and joined the command. Captured during the day 14 prisoners: 12 men Eleventh Arkansas Mounted Infantry, I from Second Texas and 1 man from the Monroe regiment, Cabell's brigade, with their arms. Found one man from the First Iowa Cavalry, who had been captured by the enemy on the 1st of May and detained as a nurse in the hospital; was brought in. Found also another in hospital suffering, from a compound fracture of the thigh, who, Doctor Compton, the C. S. surgeon and the surgeon of our command, both says will not recover (name George Sidney, regiment Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry) who was left in charge of Doctor Compton, the C. S. surgeon, who they say has been very kind to them. The command then marched back forward Jenkins' Ferry on the Saline; halted three miles from Princeton, fed and watered the horses; started again and marched to Jenkin's Ferry, which was crossed and a camp establish. Heard that the enemy was on the Saline River 300 strong, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McMurter, Second Texas. No forage to-night. Distance marched, about forty-nine miles.

October 22, 1864, marched at 5 a. m. No forage. At 11. 50 obtained corn and fed; marched again and encamped in an opening about twenty-six miles from Little Rock and eight miles from Hurricane Creek. To-day the march was made very slowly, with numerous rests, owing to the severity of the preceding march and scarcity of forage. Distance marched, about twenty-two miles.

October 23, marched at 5 a. m.,; heard at a house that an immense body of men had passed during the night, moving toward Hurricane Creek; moved cautiously forward, having all on the alert, owing to the density of the timber on either side. At 8.30 a. m. crossed Hurricane and moved forward toward the Benton road. Rebels fired into the advance, and immediately the fight became general. The position held by the rebels was a semi-circle, covering our front and rear. Major Avery proceeded to put the command in position, which brought them on our front, but their line was so great that they covered both flanks. The Texans then charged across a small opening in our front, demanding a surrender. Just then Major Avery's horse was shot from under him, the ball passing through his pants and saddle into the opposite saddle skirt. Lieutenant Haughawout, Ninth Kansas, and Clayton, Third Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, were both wounded at the same charge. Sergeant [Young], Ninth Kansas Cavalry, was shot through the head, killing him instantly. Every company in the command, and individual, was soon hotly engaged, and though the rebels charged furiously several times, in every instance our men drove them back into the bush. Our men also charged them, but they broke and ran in every direction, though their officers were seen trying to form them, but found it impossible, as our men pressed them back every time. They then fell off toward our right and rear, after which we could find no trace of them. Casualties, United States: One killed (sergeant, Ninth Kansas); wounded-First Iowa, 1 (private, mortally, since died); First Missouri, 2 (privates, severely); Third Missouri, 2 (privates, severely); Fourth Arkansas, 2 (privates, severely); Third United States, 2 (1 very severely in head); commissioned officers, Lieutenant Clayton, Third Missouri, severely; Lieutenant Haughawout, Ninth Kansas, severely. Rebel loss, as far as known, 27 killed, 1 captured.

Very respectfully, submitted.

G. J. CAMPBELL,

Second Lieutenant Third U. S. Cav., Actg. Engr. for the Command.

55 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

