
[Indorsement.]

The above report is correct in every particular and is therefore approved. I am happy to recommend to the consideration of all whom it may concern the names of all the officers who accompanied me on the expedition. Were I to mention the name of one and not the other, I would do an injustice. I will, however, mention the name of Lieutenant Haughawout, of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, who after receiving a sever wound in the right leg just below the knee still continued to fight as though nothing had occurred, and after the battle was over he rode his horse to Little Rock before having his wound dressed. The men behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery. No one was seen going to the rear except from just cause. In addition to the above reports I will state that I received no information relative to the movements of any large of the enemy. I learned from prisoners that Magruder was at Camden fortifying. I also learned that there is one regiment of infantry and three pieces of artillery and some cavalry at Washington and pickets at Arkadelphia. The enemy have three pieces of artillery at their camp two miles from Princeton.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GEO. S. AVERY,

Major Third Mo. Vol. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Div., Seventh Army Corps.

Numbers 11. Report of Brigadier General Powell Clayton, U. S. Army, commanding post of Pine Bluff.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 4, 1864-9 p. m.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Grove, sent yesterday morning to scout in the vicinity of Mount Elba, has just come in. He captured I lieutenant and 8 men belonging, to Major's (Texas) brigade, stationed at Mount Elba and Chowning's Ferry. He report the following: Major's brigade had orders to cross the Saline to-day, but failed to do so on account of the rain. A portion of the command at Monticello crossed to Warren yesterday. His information coincides with that sent you to-day. I think there can be doubt but that the enemy are for some reason changing their base. If we had the cavalry re-enforcements have now I think we might strike them a timely blow. In case the Saline should rise and hinder their crossing we may do so as it is. I expect a man in from the Saline to-morrow, from whom we can obtain further information. It may be that more can be accomplished by striking first for Mount Elba and then by going direct for Monticello.

I will telegraph you more upon this subject to-morrow.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General STEELE.

