
about one mile and a half distant, and after watering stock and filling canteens, commenced the ascent of the Sierra Blanca, throwing spies and skirmishers considerably in advance. The ascent, although very steep, was fortunately not rocky, and mountain side being covered with tall sugar-pine timber, an enemy could not observe the approach.

Arriving at the summit, a magnificent spectacle presented itself to view, as instead of a rocky apex or ridge the top proved to be a level mesa, extending far to the south, east, and west, covered with nutritious grasses and sugar pine, fir, and poplar trees, the former two of dimensions truly grand. Traveling about four miles, passed a rapid running rivulet, one of the tributaries of the Little Colorado. Seven miles farther arrived at the Rio Tascoso, a small mountain brook, taking its rise on this mesa, and running down the south side into the Rio de la Cruz. Camped for the night here; whole distance traveled, fifteen miles. Very cold, with heavy frost during the night.

October 15, leaving the Tascoso at sunrise, proceeded over the mesa and same character of country to another mountain stream called the Rio Rioso, about nine miles distant, and camped to await the clearing up of the weather. Rain had been falling all the morning and the trail was very heavy. The shoes of the infantry were worn out, and many had their feet tied up in rags. At 1 p. m. the rain continuing to fall, I saddled up and continued to march, sending spies and guides five or six miles in advance. About 4 p. m. commenced the descent from the Sierra Blanca, and about 5 p. m. arrived at a clear running mountain brook, a tributary of the Rio de Labor, which having no name I called Rio Mohado. The country here is beautiful, and very much like some parts of Yuba County, Cal.

Sunday, October 16, had two days' rations cooked, and at 1 p. m. started for the Rio de Labor, distant sixteen miles, having sent out at an early hour spies and guides with instructions to be exceedingly cautions and afford me timely information if any signs were discovered. About dark arrived at the river, where I found one of the guides, who reported no fresh signs as yet, although the spies with one guide had in obedience to my instructions proceeded to examine farther. The remains of a corn-field cultivated during the summer were found here; also an old rancheria, inhabited probably during the spring or early summer. About 8 p. m. spies returned; reported no signs ahead.

Monday, October 17, broke camp at daylight, and leaving the pack train with forty men under Captain Lent, I proceeded quietly and cautiously along the trail, which passes down the Rio de Labor. In a short time spies reported signs ahead about three days old. Climbing to the top of a high hill near the trail I examined the bottom thoroughly, as far as I could see, with an excellent glass, but could discover no signs whatever, neither smoke, cattle, or huts. Proceeding cautiously with twenty-five men from Company H, First California Cavalry, and spies two or three miles in advance, I traveled about eight miles farther, when the spies returned to me with a squaw, captured by them on the trail. She was advancing along the same trail they were following, and concealing themselves until she approached, they took her prisoners. This capture altogether prevented the attack on the rancheria, being deferred until daylight next morning, as her non-return at night would alarm the Indians and put them on their guard. Directing Captain Ayers to take his detachment of twenty men and throwing them out as skirmishers to proceed cautiously down the creek to the left, so as to avoid being seen, if possible, and sending Lieutenant Samburn with a detachment of the cavalry (dismounted) up a ravine to the right, with

