
JULY 19, 1864.- Skirmish on the Benton Road, near Little Rock, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas G. Black, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLS.,Camp near Little Rock, Ark., July 19, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Early this morning the patrols on the Benton road, some four miles from my camp, were fired upon by rebels from an ambush, killing 1 and wounding 2. I sent out a reconnoitering party, but they failed in discovering the enemy. I suppose it to be the same parties who have been between here and the Saline River for some time past.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. G. BLACK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Third Regiment Cavalry Missouri Vols.

Lieutenant C. H. FROST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, Third Brigade.

JULY 19, 1864.- Attack on Webster, Washington County, Mo.

Report of Captain F. Kellermann.

POTOSI, July 20, 1864.

GENERAL: Last night twenty- five bushwhackers robbed the town of Webster, fifteen miles southwest of Potosi; took $1,500 worth of goods; killed 1 man, 6 horses, and took 2 men off with them. They traveled from there in a western direction and passed abut three miles west of Potosi on their route. They are going toward Jefferson County. I telegraphed to Captain Montgomery. We have five soldiers here, and the citizens no arms. Can't you send us by morning train some ammunition and guns! We will organize our company to- night, and tomorrow I will send the rolls by mail or bring them in myself. Firing was heard during the night northeast of Cadet.

Yours, very respectfully,

F. KELLERMANN.

Brigadier- General EWING,

Saint Louis.

JULY 19- 25, 1864.- Operations on the White River, Ark., and attack (24th) on the steamer Clara Bell.

Itinerary of the U. S. Forces, White River, Ark., commanded by Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army.*

General Steele's line of communication via the White River being threatened, Major- General Canby on the 11th instant directed Brigadier- General Gordon, then at Memphis, to proceed to the mouth of White River, assume command of troops which had been sent there, and use them as circumstances might require. These troops consisted of the First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Corps, with a battery,

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

