
Wednesday, October 19, broke camp at daylight and marched in a westerly direction, intending to strike the river at the nearest point from which Lieutenant Sanburn had been ordered to commence his scout the preceding night down the river, and to which Captain Ayers had been ordered to return by way of the river. Supposing it to be like most rivers, and that access to it or down it was not impracticable, I had hoped to surprise them while on the move from one point to another, and that if any escaped from Captain Ayers they would be intercepted by Lieutenant Samburn or myself. On approaching within two or three miles of the river I found it to be almost impassable-the worst I ever saw. The infantry could proceed much more rapidly than cavalry, and I ordered all the later dismounted, to proceed on foot. At last I reached the river, or, more properly speaking, the river canon, the river itself being at least 500 feet beneath the bluff on which I stood. At once I was satisfied of the impossibility of my orders to Captain Ayers and Lieutenant Samburn being executed. No troops could travel along the river, either up or down; nor could I discover any traces of Lieutenant Samburn. He had evidently gone far beyond the point at which I had desired him to strike the river. As he only had rations for twenty-four hours and Captain Ayers for forty-eight hours, I could not proceed and leave them to follow my trail. I therefore determined to return to my camp of the day before and await their arrival, at the same time sending out scouts over the mountains to notify these officers of my movements. Returning, therefore, and throwing out scouts in different directions, I soon had the satisfaction of seeing Lieutenant Samburn approach, and about half an hour afterward Captain Ayers came in and reported that no sign whatever had been discovered by him, and that, although he had traveled about eighteen miles in sight of the river, he had been unable to water his horses, there being no practicable descent. Lieutenant Samburn had no horses with him, and descended to the river far below the point intended, the guide having lost himself during the night, so that at daylight he did not know where he was, whether above or below the point to which he was ordered. Neither did he discover any sign of Indians. Rain nearly all night.

Thursday, October 20, resting men and animals; at 1 p. m. started for the crossing of the Prieto. Traveled without trail, but in the supposed direction, the guide having miscalculated the distance, and after traveling until 5 p. m. over the roughest mountains in the whole country, I left the guide looking for a practicable descent, and changing my course to the north at right angles to the river, I soon came to an open mesa covered with good grass, a small creek of water, and an old rancheria. Camped for the night, and ordered five days' rations to be cooked. No rain to-night, but heavy frost and very cold.

Friday, October 21, marched at 6 a. m., having previously sent out guides to look for the trail or any trail, as the traveling of the day before, if repeated, would break down all the animals. Found the trail about a mile and a half distant, and following it up about eight miles commenced the descent to the river. The sight here was truly grand, but not at all pleasing to the commander of a detachment having horses and mules. After a toilsome effort of one hour the command reached the river. Leaving Captain Ayers and Lieutenant Samburn with fifty men to camp for the night and follow the next day, I proceeded with Captain Lent and the remainder of the detachment (cavalry and infantry) with five days' cooked rations to the Water Holes, fifteen miles distant, where I arrived about sunset. Spies returned

