
and reported signs, having discovered the trail of three Indians having a burro with them. They had been gathering the prickly pear fruit, and were proceeding leisurely in a northwesterly direction.

Saturday, October 22, sent out spies to the east, west, and south, with instructions to follow up any fresh trail might be found, and to exercise every precaution to avoid being discovered. I also sent out spies to follow up the trail discovered the evening before. About sunset the various scouts returned without having discovered anything. The trail to the northwest was followed about eight miles, and led in the direction of two streams called the Little River or Rillitos, where the guides represented I would be very likely to find Indians. Captain Ayers having arrived with the balance of the command, I determined to proceed at an early hour in the morning, and approaching as near as practicable to find out exact location of rancheria and surround it during the next night.

Sunday, October 23, commenced raining very hard about 12 m.

Everything wet and mud deep. Marching at 4.30 a. m. Rain pouring down. After daylight found trail of Indians and burro obliterated. Traveling excessively heavy and shoes of infantry dropping to pieces. Cavalry men all compelled to walk. After going about ten miles found where Indians had rested and eaten "tanitos." No trail, however, could be followed from this point. Proceeding cautiously toward the deep canon, where I expected to find the rancheria, I discovered that no Indians had lived here several months. They had made their mescal and probably had passed most of the summer here, but no recent traces were to be found.

This creek, and also another about four miles distant to the north, both of which uniting about ten miles to the southwest formed the East Fork of the San Carlos, are evidently favorite summer resorts for the Indians as the mescal and prickly pear fruit seems to be quite abundant here. Proceeding to this latter fork and sending scouting parties in every direction to look for signs, I camped in the canon to await the result.

No discovery made, and rain continuing to fall, passed a disagreeable night. Having but five days' short rations left, and the distance to Fort Goodwin by the trail requiring at least that time to travel it, the men being nearly all barefooted, and the horses and mules nearly worn out, from the effects of exposure in the cold rains and heavy frost, I determinate to commence the march early in the morning, or as soon as the weather would permit, for that post, by way of the San Carlos, Camp Rigg, and the Gila River. I came to this conclusion with extreme reluctance, as I had no doubt of the existence of a rancheria within twenty or twenty-five miles, although I could not as yet tell in what direction; but as I felt satisfied that the Indians by this time must be aware of the presence of troops in the country, and as the heavy and constant rains had obliterated all trails, so that to find them would be a matter of mere chance, I was forced to the conclusion to march at once for Fort Goodwin, and the men who had been walking barefooted day and night over the rocks and through mud, and living on one tortilla per day, hailed the order with delight, although I must do them the justice to say that they have borne the unusual hardships cheerfully and without a murmur, joining in the laugh of their comrades, excited by the ludicrous appearance of their feet tied up in rags, and yet the certainly of a fight would have induced them to go unhesitatingly without eating as long as nature would permit.

Monday, October 24, mud three inches deep; blankets, clothing, and everything very wet and heavy; waited for it to clear up somewhat

