
About 11 a. m. commenced raining again and poured down for an hour, when I struck and started for the San Carlos, distant eighteen miles. Making a wide detour to the north, I crossed one of the many deep canons which intersect this mesa, when, changing my course to the southwest, I traveled over the mesa (level and covered with grass) for about twelve miles, when I commenced descent into the San Carlos Valley over what appeared to have been the great Indian thoroughfare between the upper and lower country for ages. The descent occupied two hours, and must have been at least 2,000 feet in the perpendicular. Reached the South Fork of the San Carlos after dark and camped for the night. Very little grass here; distance traveled, eighteen miles.

Tuesday, October 25, at daylight proceeded six miles farther to the San Carlos, and camped to give animals good grazing, which they failed to get last night for the second time only on the trip. Leaving here at 1 p. m. I traveled down the San Carlos, passing Camp Rigg, and arrived at the Gila about 5 p. m., distance traveled, fifteen miles. Two old and very poor mules gave out to-day and I was compelled to kill them.

Wednesday, October 26, leaving the detachment under command of Captain Ayers, and taking an escort I proceeded to Fort Goodwin, where I arrived at 2 p. m., and met with the very welcome hospitalities of Major Smith, the commanding officer, and Major Gorman, of my own regiment, and Surgeon Whitney, post surgeon.

Thursday, October 27, about 12 m. my command arrived, when I immediately commenced refitting the expedition for the return to Fort Craig by way of Negrita, San Francisco, and Azul Rivers.

Friday, October 28, ordered off Captain Ayers with the command at 2 p. m. with instructions to proceed up the Gila until good grazing could be found and camp for the night. On leaving one mule was reported missing and could not be found after the most diligent search. It was either with the post herd and not recognizable or had been stolen. I left here in hospital two from Captain Lent's company and two from the cavalry.

October 29, 1864, leaving Fort Goodwin at an early hour and proceeding to my camp, I moved ten miles higher up the Gila and camped for the night. Sunday, October 30, a private of Captain Lent's company being taken very sick during the night, I sent him back to Fort Goodwin for medical treatment. Traveling up the river about eighteen miles, I camped on a beautiful bottom covered with fine grass. Three men belonging to Company H, First California Cavalry, failed to come into camp. At a late hour one returned and stated that he had taken the road to Fort Cummings by mistake and gone some distance out of the way.

Monday, October 31, the grass being good and camp well sheltered, I determined to remain here all day and rest my wearied animals, as they certainly required it, the more especially as a long and hard journey was before them. The men missing yesterday failing to come up, I sent out parties in search, but no traces being found I concluded their absence was intentional and began to suspect they had deserted.

Tuesday, November 1, determining to remain one more day and give my stock the benefit of the excellent grass, also to search for the missing men, sent parties out in different directions, but at sunset no-traces had been found. It was quite evident they had followed the road to Fort Cummings, and their trail could not be distinguished from others traveling in the same direction on the day they were first missed.

