
Monday, November 7, commenced raining before morning and rained all day. River rising, and impossible to move.

Tuesday, November 8, rain continued to fall. Surrounding hills and mountains covered with snow. Very cold and animals suffering much.

Wednesday, November 9, rain having ceased, commenced the march up the river bottom, fording twice. Found it so swollen and rapid I was compelled to strike out over the mountain and endeavor if possible to make some progress by traveling parallel to the river. After a laborious and fatiguing march of only twelve miles was compelled to strike the river again, and camped for the night in a small well-sheltered flat covered with good grass.

Thursday, November 10, as the river was yet too high to ford with safety and traveling over the mountains entirely out of the question, I was compelled to lie here all day. Found at this spot remains of an old camp and indications of considerable work done in gold digging. Some of my men, having received permission, sunk or rather opened up, one or two hole and got a very good prospect of fine quality gold. I am of opinion that the placer is very limited, however, and do not think it would pay. One of my guides (Fellippe Gonzales) informed me that Captain Shirland with his company of the First California Cavalry, was here at one time, he (Gonzales) being with him as guide.

Friday, November 11, the river having fallen considerably, broke up camp at an early hour, and traveling ten miles higher up the river to a well-sheltered and excellent spot for grazing, determined to leave the pack-train and cavalry horses with a part of the command, and taking cooked rations for several days to proceed on foot to the Sierra Blanca by way of the Rio Negrita and Azul. In one both of these localities I expected to find Indians if there were any in this section of country.

Saturday, November 12, sent Captain Ayers with twenty-four men and five days' cooked rations to the Negrita with instructions to scout along the river to its secure, and endeavor if possible to find Indians. He was also ordered to return at the expiration of that time to the camp, which would on that day be moved to the junction of the Azul and San Francisco. Leaving Captain Lent in command of the camp, I proceeded with twenty-five dismounted cavalry (taking seven days' cooked rations) to the mouth of the Azul, about seven miles distant, and following up that stream, camped for the night, about fifteen miles from its junction with the San Francisco. The whole canon is very deep and narrow and the river has to be crossed almost constantly. Weather and water very cold, and shoes beginning to wear out. Found here indications of an old Indian camp, of a party twenty or thirty strong, having with them a goodly number of animals. It was too old, however, and too much rain had fallen upon the trail to permit of its being followed.

Sunday, November 13, leaving camp before daylight I proceeded cautiously up the stream, crossing and recrossing, expecting to find Indians or fresh sings certainly during the day. About 11 a. m. passed remains of an old rancheria, habited probably a year since. About 2 p. m. came upon the remains of another, apparently of the same age, also an old corral and some little fencing in a flat in the opening of the canon. Resting here about an hour, followed on up the river, which has narrowed very much, the water in many places rushing through a narrow gorge in the solid granite walls, cut by its action for ages. About 4 o'clock turned up the mountain to the right of the river, following an

