
old Indian trail, and arriving at the summit found myself upon the southeastern extremity of the Sierra Blanca. Show on all sides and weather very cold. My course now was very nearly east, and arriving at a clear running stream in the mesa about four miles from the river, camped for the night. I had almost forgotten to add that the remains of an old camp, either troops or citizens, was observable on the river a few hundred yards above the point at which I turned off. Very cold night; snow on all sides and water in canteens frozen. Distance traveled this day about eighteen miles.

Monday, November 14, marching as soon as it was light enough to see the trail, I traveled on over the mesa, which was rolling and hilly, intersected by many deep cannons. About 12 m. overtook the spies and guides, who were awaiting me. The guide stated that if any Indians were in this section of country at all they would be found about four miles distant at a place called Rancheria Vieja, and as the approach appeared to be somewhat open, I sent forward the spies and guide with instructions, to meet me at a designated point, and awaited until toward night before marching. At 4 p. m. moved on. I proceeded about four miles and met two of the spies awaiting with the information that no signs were discovered, and that the guide with the other spies had gone on to the San Francisco, distant about six miles. I therefore proceeded on and arrived at the river about 8.30 p. m. and camped for the night.

Tuesday, November 15, at daylight sent spies up and down the river; also to the mountains east of the river about three miles distant. No signs were discovered except an old rancheria of eleven huts, occupied apparently during the summer. After the return of the spies, about 11 a. m., I passed on down the river, looking for signs and following up an old trail scarcely visible. I came upon another old rancheria of ten or twelve huts, inhabited probably during the last winter. The land on and near the river here is very fine, and covered with excellent pasture. No finer farming or stock ranch could be desired. Bottom land can be easily irrigated and the numerous, beaver dams here already overflow quite a number of acres. Crossing to the east side of the river, and striking for the range of mountains to the east, already alluded to, and which is approached by an elevated mesa, covered with pasture for countless herds, I passed in the direction of a deep gorge, which looked like a favorable locality for Indians. Arriving here and descending into the canon, which was very deep, I found traces of Indians about one month old. It being now very late, I camped for the night. Distance traveled about ten miles.

Wednesday, November 16, passing down this canon I found a trail of Indians made immediately after a rain, which might be two weeks and might be two months old. Followed it up and turning into a side canon on the left, found quite a number of horse and mule tracks intermingled with moccasin tracks. This side canon was filled up with trees, stumps, and dense chaparral, and gave me infinite toil to force my way through. At last came upon a temporary rancheria, which appeared to have been inhabited but a few days, and solely for the purpose of concealment. It was not visible fifty yards distant. I ascended the canon as high as possible and then proceeded to the top of the mountain, or mesa, which it proved to be, followed up to the mountain itself, but found no further signs. Snow began to fall and the cold was intense, and when I turned to retrace my steps I found it necessary to be expeditious to avoid much suffering. Descending to the canon where the trail was first struck, I proceeded as rapidly as possible (rain

