
falling in the meantime, although it was snowing above). After a toilsome and laborious march arrived at a point on the San Francisco River known as the Travesilla and camped for the night. Distance traveled, fifteen miles. Having but two days' rations left, and being satisfied that there were no Indians in this section of country, I determined to march in the morning for El Tenaje, the point at which I had directed Captain Ayers to meet me.

Thursday, November 17, marched at an early hour for the Tenaje, six miles west of Fort West, and traveling over the best trail I had seen in the country, arrived about 3 p. m., distance traveled, twenty-three miles.

Friday, November 19, waked up to find the ground and my blankets covered with snow. Rations very short, but fortunately one of the men had killed two antelopes the evening before. Continued to snow until about 2 p. m., when I moved two miles farther down the creek to procure a better supply of fuel. About 5 p. m Captain Ayers came up with the rest of the command. Men and animals very much fatigued from the long day's march through the snow. Learned that he was unable to leave his camp that morning until 9 a. m., in consequence of the heavy snow-storm. Captain Ayers reported that one of the packer's horses, a large but weak animal, had in climbing up the mountain fallen backward and been killed. Several others had been left back on the road unable to proceed farther.

Saturday, November 20, awaiting the arrival of the horses left on the road yesterday, I did not break up camp until 2 p. m., when I proceed to Fort West, distant six miles, and occupying the quarters not yet destroyed by the fire which had burned down a large portion of them, I passed the most comfortable night since leaving Fort Goodwin. Fort West is beautifully located, and the country round about admirably adapted for farming and stock raising, the facilities irrigation being excellent. It is truly cause for sad reflection to see so many thousand acres of line land scattered throughout this portion of Arizona uninhabited, uncultivated, unused, in consequence of the depredations of a few thieving, roving, murdering Apaches, who are too weak to attack or fight but strong enough to steal and assassinate.

Sunday, November 21, having missing horse and mule shoes replaced during the forenoon, left Fort West at 12 m., and traveling about twelve miles over a fine wagon road, camped at Santa Lucia for the night. Water and grass plenty, but wood scarce.

Monday, November 22, marching at 6 a. m. over the excellent wagon road for the greater part of the distance, arrived at San Vincente about 3 p. m. Very cold, but fortunately plenty of fuel.

Tuesday, November 23, marching at sunrise I took an escort and proceeded by way of Pino Alto, which I found to be a miserable little place, a few persons only remaining here, for what purpose a casual observer cannot tell. I was much disappointed, as I had expected to find considerable of a mining town. No mining whatever appears to be done here at present. Remaining here but a short time, I turned back toward the copper mine, and, shortly overtaking my command, I proceeded to that point, where I arrived after sunset, having traveled about twenty-one miles. It was reported shortly after camping that two men belonging to the cavalry detachment had fallen behind, their horses becoming tired, and that probably they would not come in until morning.

Wednesday, November 24, directing Captain Ayers to send back for the men missing yesterday, who were supposed to be not more than

