
two miles from the camp, and to march leisurely for Fort McRae, via Mule Spring, La Cienega, and Rio de los Animals, I proceeded in advance and arrived at that post about 9 p. m. of the 26th ultimo, and eagerly partook of the generous hospitalities of Major Willis, the post commander.

Saturday, November 27, arrived at Fort Craig and terminated the expedition, which has ben barren of any other result than the determination of the non-habitation of the Sierra Blanca country by the Indians at this season of the year. I do not think there were ever over 100 Indians altogether throughout the section of the country lying between the Sierra Blanca on the north, the San Carlos on the west, and the Gila and San Francisco on the south and east. No tracks or trails of Indians or animals throughout the whole section, except between the Prieta and Sierra Blanca, where not exceeding 100 at the most might probably be found. It is entirely too cold for a winter residence, and were it no, hunger would drive them to the Rio Grande or Sonora.

The officers and enlisted men of my command are entitled to much credit for their cheerfulness under hardships and eagerness to find a foe. The enlisted men vied with each other in creditable efforts to attract the attention of their officer, although traveling by day and by night, early and late, in rain and snow storms, and through the mud and mire, most of the with cold food, at times with none at all, yet they were ever ready to obey all orders with cheerfulness and alacrity. Company H, of my own regiment, under Lieutenant Samburn, although but a few months in the department, proved themselves to be excellent soldiers, and may be relied upon in any emergency. The conduct of Orderly-Sergeant Chambers, of that company, is particularly deserving of commendation. Captain Ayers, detachment were mostly veterans, and maintained the reputation already acquired. Captain Lent's company have been but recently mustered into the service, but behaved themselves well. On my arrival at this post I found Lieutenant Samburn already arrived, and his report, forwarded to department headquarters, speaks for itself. The prisoners taken I will forward to Los Pinos at the earliest practicable moment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR M. BROWN,

Colonel First Cavalry, California Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

OCTOBER 2-8, 1864.-Expeditions to the Amite River, New River, and Bayou Manchac, La.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Logan, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted).
HEADQUARTERS 118TH ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY,Hermitage Plantation, La., October 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report that during the past week I have made two expeditions to Amite River and Bayou Manchac, two others to New River only. The coast has been patrolled for ten miles above this place and six miles below daily. In

