
addition to the ordinary duty, I have had stationed at Southwood plantation twenty-five men four nights and three days in the past week, and notwithstanding my continual efforts to give the plantation protection, the Confederates of jayhawkers made a raid on the place, capturing 2 horses, 2 mules, about $1,000 worth of goods and supplies, yesterday morning. There are twenty-five men there now, and for the present I shall endeavor to keep a guard on the plantation. I captured 3 prisoners during the week and sent them to New Orleans as ordered. I inclose receipt for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. LOGAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Regiment and Forces opposite Donaldsonville.

Captain T. W. HURST,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Cavalry Div., Baton Rouge, La.

OCTOBER 3-6, 1864. -Expedition from Morganza to Bayou Sara, La., and skirmishes.

Report of Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army.*
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that on the 3rd of October, in accordance with the request of Major-General Dana, commanding District of Vicksburg, I dispatched Colonel J. J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, in charge of an expedition to Bayou Sara, with instructions to demonstrate toward Woodville and Clinton in favor of a force which was to be started on the same day by General Dana from Fort Adams to Woodville. Colonel Guppey's command consisted of three regiments of his own brigade at this place, 500 cavalry under Colonel Haynes, and two sections of artillery. Establishing his headquarters at Saint Francisville, the colonel pushed out strong parties toward Woodville and Clinton, meeting the enemy in some force on both roads, but they fell back rapidly before our advance and could not be brought to fight. On the 4th a farther advance was made with like result. On the 5th, having complied with his instructions, the colonel withdrew his command to Bayou Sara, embarked and returned to this place in good condition, bringing in with him 6 prisoners. Nothing was seen or heard of the force which was to have been sent from Fort Adams, and I have since been informed by Major-General Dana that the troops to compose the expedition did not arrive at Natchez, "being delayed by an engagement with the enemy in the vicinity of Port Gibson." He expected that they would arrive at and depart from Fort Adams about one day later than that appointed. I have not judged it expected under the circumstances to return Colonel Guppey or any portion of his command to Saint Francisville. Major Cameron with 150 men of the Second New York Cavalry went down the river to West Baton Rouge on the 3rd instant as an escort to telegraph repairers. He returned the evening of the 5th with 8 prisoners, three of them soldiers and five suspicious characters supposed to be smugglers.

---------------

* See also Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 828.

---------------

