
and the brigade of Brevet Brigadier- General Bailey, at Vicksburg, was also placed at his disposal. This order was received July 18, and on the same day General Gordon started for White River.

July 19.- He assumed command of the troops at the mouth of the river.

July 20.- Ordered up General Bailey from Vicksburg.

July 21.- Proceeded to Saint Charles Bluff, on the White River. Arrived there on the 23rd instant. Occupied and strengthened the works.

July 25.- Brevet Brigadier- General Bailey reported with his brigade of two regiments. Four companies of the Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, of this brigade, on the Clara Bell, having lagged behind, owing to the disobedience of orders of the lieutenant- colonel commanding, were fire upon [July 24] by a rebel battery and the boat destroyed.

JULY 20- 31, 1864.- Operations in La Fayette and Johnson Counties, Mo., with skirmishes.

Report of Lieutenant Frank Barkley, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Supplementary report of Company E, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, for ten days, ending July 31, 1864:

July 20, Lieutenant Frank Barkley and twenty- five men sent on scout; pursued Todd and band to Arrow Rock and back to mound Prairie; returned to camp July 22; distance traveled, 150 miles. July 21, William H. Stephens and ten men sent to Warrensburg for rations; returned t camp July 22; distance traveled, forty- four miles. July 23, Sergt. J. C. Bram and ten men sent on scout with Major Neill; had severe skirmishes with guerrillas; wounded one of them; returned to camp July 25; distance traveled, 100 miles. July 25, Lieutenant Frank Barkley and fifteen men sent to Lexington as escort for Major Neill; returned to camp July 26; distance traveled, thirty miles. July 28, Sergeant Bram and fifteen men sent to Lexington as escort for supply train; returned to camp July 29; distance traveled, thirty miles. July 30, Lieutenant Frank Barkley and thirty- five men sent on scout to Honey Fork of Blackwater; returned July 31; distance traveled, fifty miles. Total distance traveled, 800 miles. Average distance to each man present for duty, 120 miles. Average distance per men for the whole company, 106 2\3 miles. There have been from six to ten men out after forage everyday. They have to go from six to eight miles for it.

Respectfully submitted.

FRANK BARKLEY,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company.

JULY 22- AUGUST 22, 1864.- Attempt to transfer Confederate troops to the east back of the Mississippi River.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed correspondence between Lieutenant- General Taylor and myself with reference to the

