
Colonel Dye holds Simsport with his command; has crossed the Atchafalaya with a portion of his force and has taken up the enemy's camp on the opposite side and driven them without loss to himself beyond Yellow Bayou. He does not estimate their force in that vicinity altogether at more than 200, and thinks they have but a small force between this and Alexandria. Both sides of the river are also in our possession at Morgan's Ferry. The troops at that point are under the command of Lieutenant- Colonel Baldwin, Eighty-third Ohio Volunteers. This detachment and that at Simsport have ten days' rations and will be continued in their occupation of these places for the present unless I am otherwise ordered by the major-general commanding. They can be brought into camp at any time inside of twenty-four hours.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

Major S. C. FARRINGTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Nineteenth Corps, New Orleans, La.

OCTOBER 5-9, 1864.-Expedition from Baton Rouge to Clinton, Greensburg, Osyka, and Camp Moore, La.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.- Itinerary of the Department of the Gulf, Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 1.

Itinerary of the Department of the Gulf, Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding.+

October 5.- Brigadier-General Lee, with a command of 1,000 cavalry, started from this place, visiting Clinton, Greenburg, Osyka, and Camp Moore, during which time he captured the following: 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 47 enlisted men. At Camp Moore the garrison was driven out and the flag captured; also 200 horses and mules. The camp was desolated, and 4,000 pounds of bacon, 12 barrels whisky, 100 dozen boots and shoes, a large amount of Confederate clothing and gray cloth, 2,000 pounds salt, and, 2,000 sides of leather destroyed.

The command returned on the 9th instant. The command lost during the scout, 1 man missing. The Cavalry Division report during the month the following captures of prisoners: 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 captains, 4 lieutenants, and 49 enlisted men, besides the capture of men engaged in contraband trade with the enemy, together with a considerable amount of contraband goods, which captures have been promptly reported to the provost-marshal-general Department of the Gulf.

First Lieutenant John O. Massey, Eleventh New York Cavalry, was captured by the enemy October 23, while on scout within the enemy's lines, he having straggled from the command.

---------------

* See also Vol. XXXIX, Part I, p. 828.

+ From monthly return.

---------------

