
reaching Summit, twenty miles beyond, and a force of the enemy, estimated at 1,200, and constantly increasing, was at the place. He returned to Greensburg, joining me there at night. He captured 10 prisoners, destroyed 4,000 pounds bacon, 12 barrels whisky, 100 dozen boots and shoes, and a large quantity of corn and meal. He also captured the telegraph operator and important dispatches. The movement was a complete surprise. In the morning of the 7th, instructing Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh to withdraw from Clinton and follow me with his command, I marched with the force in camp at Cheney's which the Eleventh New York had joined from near Clinton, across Williams' Bridge to Greensburg. Colonel Marsh halted seven miles out.

From Greensburg I sent out various scouting parties. Colonel Fonda with 100 men dashed into Camp Moore, ten miles distant, from which the conscripts were fleeing, but captured only 2 men, darkness and dense woods enabling the forty or fifty there to elude our force. Colonel Fonda, however, destroyed everything of value about the camp, captured a rebel garrison flag, and a large amount of clothing and gray cloth. A herd of cattle, estimated at 500 head, collected for rebel use, was found and the cattle dispersed. One party destroyed an extensive tannery, 2,000 sides of leather, many hides, and a large supply of other material. Lieutenant Cummins, acting assistant quartermaster, Second Brigade, reports the destruction thorough. A captain, 2 lieutenants, and a few enlisted men were taken in and near the town. The next day, 8th, detaching Major Craigue's scouts at Williams' Bridge, with instructions to scout below on the other side of the Amite and then return to camp by another road, I moved toward Baton Rouge, arriving, after an easy march, on the afternoon of the 9th. At Williams' Bridge I found Colonel Bassford, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, who had left Baton Rouge to re-enforce me with 200 men. The total of prisoners captured during the expedition was 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 47 enlisted men. Over 200 head of horses and mules were captured. Our loss was but 1 man missing. Two of the enemy are known to have been killed and 5 wounded. Major Craigue returned to camp Sunday night 9th. He destroyed 200 sacks of salt of 10 pounds weight each. A citizen followed his party, firing into it from the bushes, and killed 1 man and wounded 1 lieutenant and 1 man of his command. The guerrilla could not be taken. The country trough which we passed was generally a pine wood with sparse plantations. About every plantation raises a small cotton and considerable corn crop. The roads were not excellent, but may be termed good and sufficient for military purposes; they have not been repaired evidently for a long time; even after rains they can be used. The Comite River has good fords, hard bottom, passable for all transportation, except soon after heavy rains. The Amite River has good bridges and is at places fordable; banks are usually high. The country sufficiently abounds in cattle and hogs for the subsistence of any moving force. In brief, it may be termed a poor country, but 5,000 cavalry could subsist themselves without grave difficult in moving through it.

I send herewith the garrison flag of Camp Moore captured by the detachment under Colonel Fonda. My thanks are due Colonel Fonda, Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, and Majors Montgomery, Craigue, and Remington for efficiently and gallantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Chief of Cavalry, Military Division of West Mississippi.

