
OCTOBER 10-12, 1864.-Scout in Pemiscot County, Mo.

Report of Captain James W. Edwards, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEW MADRID, MO., October 12, 1864.

COLONEL: I sent a scout of forty men under Captain Vincent and Lieutenant Davis down in Pemiscot County Monday morning. They returned this evening, having scouted all over the county. They ran onto Bulge Powell and six men about four miles below Caruthersville, killed 2 of them and wounded Bulge, but he made he made his escape. The others were last heard of leading Bulge's horse. He is certainly wounded, and perhaps killed, as he was seen to reel and was dismounted, but as only the advance got a chance at them he escaped. Bulge shot George R. Ross through the leg below the knew, but it is not serious. They captured 4 horses and 1 mule belonging to Bulge also his company roll-book containing fifty-five names. Lieutenant Davis says he had three shots at him and is sure he hit him. They could hear of no other force in that part of the country. Another scout sent up the river under Orderly Sergeant Keesecker have just returned. They captured 5 barrels of salt at the foot of Wolf Island, buried in the sand, and was supposed to be there for the purpose of being smuggled into Kentucky. This time they did not find anybody that deserved killing, and found the country clear of guerrillas for the first time.

J. W. EDWARDS,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel HITLER,

Commanding Sub-District, Cape Girardeau.

OCTOBER 11, 1864.- Attack on the steamer Resolute, on the White River, near Clarendon, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.

OCTOBER 12, 1864.-12.30 p. m.

CAPTAIN: The steamer Resolute, towing two barges, was fired into from east bank of White River, twelve miles above Clarendon, at 8 o'clock last night. Four men wounded; 1 mortally.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER, Little Rock.

OCTOBER 13-20, 1864.-Operations against Indians near Fort Belknap, Tex., with skirmish (13th) on Elm Creek, Tex.

REPORT.

Numbers 1.- Colonel James Bourland, Border Regiment Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant N. Carson, Border Regiment Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel James Bourland, Border Regiment Texas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS BORDER REGIMENT,Gainesville, Tex., October 20, 1864.

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a letter from Lieutenant Carson, reporting the late raid on the Brazos, sixteen miles above Fort

