
Belknap. I learn from one of the men who was in the fight that the Indians struck the settlement six miles below their camps and killed several families. The Indians attacked five men in house, but left when they heard the firing of the guns of Lieutenant Carson's men, who were then attacking the main body. He also states they discovered a white man in their front. The Indian left in a northwest direction. The courier states that about 200 or 300 men followed their trail, though the Indians were one day ahead of the foremost party and I am fearful they are too far behind to overtake them as the Indians are well mounted. They will no doubt strike at some other point.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BOURLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Border Regiment.

Colonel GEORGE H. SWEET,

Commanding North Sub-District, Bonham, Tex.
HEADQUARTERS BORDER REGIMENT,Gainesville, Tex., October 20, 1864.

COLONEL: Since I wrote you there has been no further news from Fort Belknap in regard to the Indiana invasion on that portion of our frontier. Lieutenant Brown having gotten his information from a citizen in relation to the number and depredations being committed by the Indians, I am disposed to believe he has been wrongfully informed, or I would have gotten other news before this. If anything should turn up indicative of a heavy raid, I will notify you immediately.

I am, with respect, your most obedient servant,

JAS. BOURLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel G. H. SWEET,

Commanding North Sub-District, Bonham, Tex.

No. 2.

Report of Lieutenant N. Carson, Border Regiment Texas Cavalry.

FORT BELKNAP, October 16, 1864.

COLONEL: The Indians came into the settlements on Elm on the 13th. I was camped thirteen miles west of Belknap. Fields and J. Jones charged two Indians and cut them off from their horses, and judging from their maneuvers there were more Indians near. J. Jones came two miles to camp to get assistance. I took fourteen men and started in pursuit, leaving six men in camp. When I reached a high point I discovered the two, and ran them some one mile and a half into Elm Flats, where discovered a large body of some 300, formed in a semicircle and most concealed within fifty yards of me.

While I was forming my men in line the Indians were advancing and firing on me. I ordered my men to fall back some 100 yards to gain a better position, in slow order, to save the men that were on weak horses, fighting them from one position to another until 5 of my brave men were killed. I received two flesh wounds. We killed 7 or 8 Indians from the saddles and sign, and seeing a number fall. The retreat was continued some one-quarter of a mile to McCoy's house, where two women were taken behind the men, and I gathered my men

