
and horses that were at camp and crossed over to Fort Murray, one mile and a half. The Indians followed in hot pursuit, came up to McCoy's house, destroyed and carried off everything that was in it, then advanced on the camp, which was half a mile from the house. They took all the tents, blankets, and clothing that were left in camp, breaking up and destroying all the vessels belonging to the company, the boys saving but little of their clothing, and the most of them are now entirely destitute, having nothing left them, except what is on their backs. The names of the men killed are: J. Jones, Private Henry Snodgrass, Robert Neathrey, J. G. Walker, and Erastus Blue. These men fell fighting bravely, disputing, inch by inch, until shot from their horses, and yielded only with their lives. Samuel Brison's [horse] was shot from under him and lost. Henry McGuire's horse was wounded. J. Wallis', George Wimberley's, and my horse were slightly wounded. J. Buckingham was thrown from his horse, but made his escape to Fort Murray. Fields was shot through his pantaloons with arrow across the thigh, grazing the skin. My men were cool, and acted with unexampled bravery. As far as I have been able to gain information, there has been 11 citizens killed, 7 women and children carried off, eleven houses robbed. It is estimated that there were 350 or 400 on the raid. Mr. Pealer, a citizen of Fort Murray, got on the top of his house with his spy-glass, counted 250 passing over the flats and by our camp, while another party passed north of the fort with a herd of horses. The Indians captured 2 of my mules. They were some one half mile from camp and had not time to get them.

N. CARSON,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company D, Border Regiment.

Colonel BOURLAND.

OCTOBER 13-21, 1864.-Scout in the Sacramento Mountains, N. Mex.

Report of Captain Francis McCabe, First New Mexico Cavalry.*

CAMP NEAR TULAROSA, N. MEX.,

October 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I left this camp on the 13th instant on a scout in the Sacramento Mountains. My command consisted of detachments of Company B, Fifth Regular Infantry; Company A, First New Mexico Cavalry, and Company L, First New Mexico Cavalry, seventy-four men in all, twenty-one of the latter being mounted. Asst. Surg. L. W. Hayes, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, accompanied the command, and First Lieutenant Franklin Cook, Fifth U. S. Infantry, being unwell, remained at this camp. Having only received ten day's rations from Fort Stanton instead of a month's supply, which I required, I was unable to visit the Guadalupe Mountains as I had intended, but I determined to enter the Sacramento Mountains again and examine the country in the vicinity of the different canons or passes leading therefrom. Of the canons by which these mountains are accessible from the desert chose the Senora de la Luz, because its ascent is less steep and difficult than the others, and on account of the fine pasture on the banks, of the stream flowing

---------------

* See also reference to this scout, p. 210.

---------------

