
OCTOBER 14, 1864.-Attack on Danville, Mo.

Report of Mr. S. A. Thompson.

WARRENTON, MO., October 27, 1864.

I beg leave to report that on the 14th a band of bushwhackers came to Danville, Montgomery County, and burned the business part of the town. They killed 5 citizens and wounded 1. The post-office at Danville was burned and all pertaining thereto. They kill all men they get hold of who have been in the U. S. Army. I have been in the U. S. Army, and am now postmaster at Danville, and am trying to re-establish said post-office, but cannot do so without military protection, and as postmaster I respectfully but earnestly ask that a company of soldiers be sent there to Danville, so that I can return and attend to my official duties without being brutally murdered.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. A. THOMPSON,

Postmaster, Danville, Mo.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Missouri.

References: General C. B. Fisk, Colonel T. C. Fletcher, Colonel D. P. Dyer.

OCTOBER 14, 1864.-Skirmish at the Boca Chica Pass. Tex.

Report of Colonel Henry M. Day, Ninety-first Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, Tex., October 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of affairs in my command.

On the 14th instant the enemy presented themselves at my front about one mile from the fortifications at Boca Chica Pass, fifty in number. After sending them a few shots with one of my 20-pounders they fled in confusion. Four of their men were dismounted. The extent of damage done to them I am unable to state. With the above exception, all has been quiet. A Mexican officer who arrived here from Brownsville the 18th instant informed me that the Confederates as yet have received no re-enforcements or artillery; that their forces were diminishing by small squads deserting and returning to their homes. He represents them as being very much demoralized. The fortifications in charge of the engineer department are progressing as rapidly as could be expected. I have complied with directions received from your headquarters, dated September 30, as to rendering the engineer officer in charge of the works all the assistance in my power. A severe norther, which has prevailed for several days past, has retarded the progress of the works to some extent, and also is the reason of the delay of the steamer Patroon, she not having been able to lie alongside of the wharf to discharge her cargo. The water a portion of the time was two fee high at this post and vicinity. The sanitary condition and health of the troops under mu command has improved since my last report. I am informed that General Ortega, of the Mexican Republic Army, is in the vicinity of Camargo, with a large command. It is supposed his intention is to move on Matamoras.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

