
crossing of troops to the east side of the Mississippi River, and request that they may be brought to the notice of the President.* Convinced myself of its impracticability, I still spared no efforts in accomplishing the successful transfer of the troops from the department. Lieutenant- General Taylor having reported its impracticability, I have suspended the movement and ordered the transfer of the troops to the District of Arkansas for operations against Steele and in support of Major- General Price's expedition to missouri.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

TUPELO, July 9, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Trans- Mississippi Department:

There is but little doubt that Canby is now moving on Mobile with 20,000 troops. It is of vital importance that a part of your troops are crossed over the Mississippi, or your co- operate in such a manner as to divert their troops. General Bragg directed me to confer with you as to crossing troops.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant- General, Commanding.

TUPELO, July 16, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, or

Major- General WALKER,

Trans- Mississippi Department:

(Care commanding officer, Clinton, La.)

The President instructs me to say the enemy is reported to have withdrawn his main force from Louisiana to attack Mobile and operate east of Mississippi River. That under such circumstances it was expected of your that you would promptly aid by sending troops to defeat the plans of the enemy as soon as discovered. There is no doubt the enemy are moving against Mobile or some point east of the Mississippi.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant- General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, July 19, 1864.

Colonel J. S. SCOTT, or

Colonel D. GOBER,

Clinton, La.:

General Lee directs that you send to General Kirby Smith, by special courier, the following dispatch:

BOLIVER COUNTY, MISS., July 12, 1864.

Large fleet of transports, convoyed by eight gun- boats, are coming down White and Arkansas Rivers. This is supposed to be General Steele's entire force. Six boats lay at the mouth of White River yesterday. Of their movements, in whatever direction, you will be promptly informed.

J. C. S. BLACKBURN,

Captain Cavalry Company.

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*To complete the record of this subject other documents have been inserted in chronological order among those transmitted by General Smith. The latter are marked as inclosures, Nos. 1 to 24. These additions cover the correspondence, &amp;c., from July 9, 1864, to January 31, 1865.

---------------

