
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Luther T. Park, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

Brasher City, La., October 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received, I embarked on board of the gun-boat Nyanza, commanded by Acting Vol. Lieutenant C. A. Boutelle, on the 22nd of October, at 6 p. m. with thirty-five men of Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry and fifteen men of the Ninety-third U. S. Infantry (colored), with three days' rations and eighty-rounds of ammunition. At 6.30 p. m. we dropped out into the bay and cast anchor. Laid there until 5 a. m. of the 23d. We then started up Berwick Bay, from thence into Flat Lake, from Flat Lake into Bayou Long, from Bayou Long into Belle River, arriving at the head of Belle River at 10.20 a. m. of 23rd instant. I laid there from that time until 10 a. m. of the 24th. I then moved up Bayou Go to Hell about three miles, discovering nothing. I turned around and came back to the head of Belle River. I stopped all communication with the country about me, picking up all citizens and negroes that came in sight of the boat, trying to gain some knowledge of the enemy.

While lying at this point I heard that there had been a party in the vicinity, of Pier Ferry, and were about three miles east of said ferry; that they camped there on the night of the 21st instant, and that on the morning of the 23rd they were near the mouth of Grand River; that had made a raid on some plantations Near La Fourche, carrying off 20 horses and 30 mules, and that they started down Pigeon Bayou in flat-boats. This party was under the command of Whitmore. While lying off the head of Belle River I came upon a squad of five men and one woman with a launch of about 3,500 pounds burden. They immediately ran their boat ashore and ran into the woods. I sent a squad of men in pursuit. Two of the men were captured. Their names were Dearborn, and Le Geef. Dearborn has the reputation of having been engaged in the contraband trade; that he [has] been engaged in the trade for the last year; that the passed down Go to Hell Bayou on the 12th, or thereabouts, with the same boat that he now had with him; that he had two sacks of coffee, two barrels, and one large merchandise chest in the boat, and that he took the goods to Force Point on Teche Bayou. At 12 m. on the 24th instant I started for Brashear City, where I arrived at 6 p. m. of the same day. While on this expedition I destroyed 1 launch and 20 boats of different sizes. The prisoners I have turned over to Captain H. J. Lewis, provost-marshal at this place.

LUTHER T. PARK,

Captain, Eleventh Regiment Wisconsin Mounted Infantry.

(Copy to Colonel C. L. Harris, commanding Post Brashear.)

OCTOBER 25, 1864.- Attack on Clinton, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel H. Melcher, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SEDALIA, MO., October 27, 1864-12. 20 p. m.

CAPTAIN: I returned from a scout yesterday in Benton, Henry, and Johnson Counties. There were many parties of rebels on Muddy, Clear Fork, Fiefbaux, and Honey Creeks. Chased several parties and

