
exchanged shots, but shots, but could get no fight. There are several hundred southwest of Clinton. I think most in the region I scouted have gone there, as the last seen of them they were moving very last that way. Tuesday 250 attacked Clinton. Seventy militia citizens and negroes defended the place successfully, taking 1 prisoner and severely wounding five others. None of the Union men hurt. I got together about 100 militia, who were in the brush. They now hold Clinton and Calhoun. They are entirely without orders and wish to be at work. If Price is going that way they could be concentrated at Fort Scott. I could raise about 1,000 pretty well armed to be there by Sunday, if that would be of any use. There are 2,500 militia now at Fort Scott. We have heard nothing directly from the army for three days and do not know what to do here.

Mrs. Phelps is just in from Springfield, and says there are about 1,000 effective cavalry there anxious to join their commands. Two thousand mounted men can be sent from Springfield to Fort Scott in forty-eight hours after the order is received.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Captain FRANK ENO, Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 26-27, 1864.- Scout from Vidalia to the York Plantation, La.

Report of Major George D. Reynolds, Sixth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.
HDQRS. THIRD BATT., SIXTH U. S. COLORED HEAVY ARTY.,Vidalia, La., October 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 14, October 26, I took 100 men of my command, and, leaving this post at 9 p. m., marched to Choteau Plantation, five miles out, arriving there at 11.30 o'clock. I camped all night. At daylight this morning, I sent the cavalry which accompanied me, six men, three miles farther on, to the York plantation, to collect information as to the proceedings of the rebels who were on that place on the 26th instant. The rebels, 100 strong, under Captain Lee, came on the York place at 12 o'clock, took all the stock, killed 1 refugee, wounded 3 negroes. They then went to the Sycamore place, where they wounded 1 negro, took several yoke of cattle, and a good deal of negro clothing, and destroyed a large quantity of food. They then left, taking all the stock, two wagons, and other plunder, on the Trinity road to Cross Bayou. Having obeyed the instructions given me, I returned to this place at 9.30 a. m. this day.

GEO. D. REYNOLDS,

Major Sixth, U. S. Colored Heavy Arty., Commanding Third Batt.

Lieutenant S. M. GUEST, Post Adjutant Vidalia.

OCTOBER 29, 1864.-Skirmish near Warrenton, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Army, commanding District of St. Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, october 29, 1864.

At dark guerrillas, reported 900 strong, threw off the track a freight train going north, five miles beyond Warrenton, and at last accounts were fighting with escort; the escort was but thirty men.

