
The train, I am quite certain, had no Government stores aboard. The messenger who brought the news to Warrenton says the passenger train from the north was then due, and the guerrillas allowed one of the train men to go a short distance up to flag that train to keep it from being destroyed, and expecting to rob it. I am confident Colonel Holmes, with 400 or 500 of his command, were on that train coming here. If so, the guerrillas will be roughly handled. Major Montgomery, with 200 of Sixth Missouri, was sent by me to Cap-au-gris, in Lincoln County, four days ago, and is to-night at Wentzville, where he has just telegraphed me he leaves at once for Warrenton. I am also sending up some colored troops I have had at Perruque bridge.

Telegraph line down beyond Warrenton.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS.

OCTOBER 29-NOVEMBER 8, 1864.-Expedition to Quincy, Mo., with skirmishes (November 1 and 2) near Quincy.

Report of Captain Jacob Cassairt, Eight Missouri, State Militia Cavalry.

LEBANON, MO., November 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

In compliance with orders received from district headquarters, myself and Lieutenant Paxton, with thirty men of Company I, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, started to Quincy, Hickory County, Mo., and vicinity, on the 29th ultimo. We reached there on the 30th. On the morning of the 31st, being informed of a force of rebels at Warsaw, I immediately moved in that direction as far as Pomme de Terre bridge. I there ascertained that they had passed through, shaping their course southward. I then returned and camped near Quincy. On the morning of the 1st instant I was informed by a party of my men who had been out reconnoitering that the rebels were in the prairie some two miles distant from us. I immediately started after them with thirty-five men, being joined by five Union citizens of the neighborhood. I came upon their trail in the open woods. After a double-quick march of about ten miles I came up with them formed in line of battle ready to receives us. We judged from appearance that they were about 100 strong. They occupied open ground near the prairie. I then ordered a charge, which was executed in good order; not a man swerved from his duty. A few shots from us broke their line of battle and they fled in great confusion. We pursued them about four miles, killing 6 and wounding 3 others, who made their escape after we had passed them. Among the killed was one Captain Vansickle, of Texas. We also captured a negro boy and released Judges Owen and Jackman, a Mr. Brown, and two other Union men of Benton County, who were all prisoners in their hands. None of my men were hurt. I returned the same evening to the prairie and took up camp for the night.

On the morning of the 2nd instant I again received information that the rebels, about 300 strong, were passing along the skirts of the woods. I immediately started in pursuit of them with a force of forty-five men, having been joined by five of my own men and ten Union citizens of the neighborhood, determined, if possible, to overtake them.

