
I soon struck their trail and received reliable information that they were 600 strong. We came in sight of them about 2 p. m., where the road makes a very short turn. We cut across, striking their line of march near the rear, cutting off about 100 men from the rear of their column. Our men raised the yell and fell in upon them, Lieutenant Paxton, in the advance, who, after emptying his revolvers, struck down two of them with his saber. We pushed them so rapidly that they had no time for rallying their broken column. Their colonel in attempting to rally them was killed. He proved to be Colonel Groomes, of Shelby's command. The enemy in their flight abandoned quite a number of led horses, which the citizens gathered up after the fight. All of the killed, amounting to twenty-five in number, fell into our hands, most of the wounded making their escape by crawling into the brush. Several of our men had their clothes pierced with balls, but none of them were wounded. Night closed farther pursuit. Our horses being very much fatigued, we returned to the prairie again and encamped for the night. Cold and hungry we did the best we could for the night.

On the next morning we received information of another large body of rebels coming in the same direction, evidently on the trail of the others. On examination I found that we were nearly out of ammunition. Bolivar being the nearest post, we set out about noon for that place. We reached there about 9 p. m. of the same day. On the morning following, I dispatched to Springfield stating my condition. I remained at Bolivar until the morning of the 5th. Having received no re-enforcements I determined to Quincy. On reaching that vicinity it became evident that the last-mentioned force of rebels had probably changed their course. The force that we had fought on the 2nd instant were scattered all over the country, evidently not knowing which way to run. Nine of them surrendered to Colonel Halbert, a leading man of Hickory County; one even stooped so low as to surrender to a free negro.

On the morning of the 6th I received orders to proceed to Lebanon as soon as possible, on account of which I was unable to learn the amount of horses, arms, &amp;c., which had been gathered up by the citizens through the country. I arrived at this post on the 8th instant.

JACOB CASSAIRT,

Captain Company I, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major JOHN COSGROVE,

Commanding Post, Lebanon, Mo.

NOVEMBER 1, 1864.-Skirmish on the Big Piney, near Waynesville, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant D. W. Cantrell, Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

NOVEMBER 1, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders I performed the duty. Near the mouth of Big Piney, at old man Black's, I found four bushwhackers and attacked them and wounded 2 and took one prisoner. Started and the prisoner tried to escaped, and the guard halted twice and then fired and killed him. I took 2 horses.

D. W. CANTRELL,

Second Lieutenant Company G, 34th Enrolled Missouri Militia.

