
NOVEMBER 1, 1864.-Skirmish near Lebanon, Mo.

Report of Captain D. A. W. Morehouse, Provisional Company Enrolled Missouri Militia.

LEBANON, [November] 2, 1864.

GENERAL: On the evening 1st post train to Dallas County for forage, train was attacked by a band of rebels, part of a force 600 strong. Major Cosgrove left with 100 men at 3 o'clock this morning in the direction of Springfield. Heard from him by passenger stage. Rebels passed between where the two stages stopped last night. Major is in pursuit; rebel force 600 strong. Captain Turner, Company G, Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, has arrived here from Clinton. Reports camped last night at Lewisburg. Rebels camped night before 600 strong.

D. A. W. MOREHOUSE,

Captain Provisional Co., Enrolled Missouri Militia, Commanding Post.

General SANBORN.

NOVEMBER 1, 1864.-Affair at Greenton, Mo.

Report of Captain William N. Norville, commanding Post.

POST LEXINGTON, MO.,

November 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Major Samuel Henry, Asst. Surg. John P. Porter, and Lieutenant Harles Ashley, regimental quartermaster, all of the Eighty-ninth Indiana Regiment Infantry, were taken prisoners on the 1st of Greenton, La Fayette County, Mo., by three guerrillas, rapidly taken to the bushes, where their bodies were found yesterday. They were all shot through the head. Their bodies were brought to this post by a citizen who relates as follows: While the Eighty-ninth Regiment was marching thorough Greenton these three officers rode up to a house and called for dinner. The lady told them that she had nothing cooked, but that if they could wait she would soon have something cooked. They consented to wait; their command marched on. They had gotten their dinner, left the house for their horses hitched at the gate, where, upon going into the house, they had also left their arms. Before they had reached their horses, three men in Federal uniform came dashing up and ordered them to surrender. The officers at first regarded it as a joke, but upon cocked revolvers being presented they surrendered almost within sight of the regiment and were taken to the woods. I have buried them to-day. When brought here they had neither overcoats not vests on; Major Henry's saber hung in a tree near his body.

I am, sir, respectfully,

W. N. NORVILLE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

