
NOVEMBER 1030, 1864.-Operations in Central Arkansas.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Nov. 2-3, 1864.-Expedition from Little Rock to Benton, Ark.

17-18, 1864.-Expedition from Little Rock to Fagan's Ford, Saline River.

26-December 2, 1864.-Expedition from Lewisburg to Strahan's Landing, Ark.

28-December 8, 1864.-Expedition from Brownsville to Fairview, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John F. Ritter, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Major George S. Avery, Third Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding.

Numbers 5.-Major Joseph S. McCartney, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Major George L. Childress, Eighth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding.

November 8.-Detachment of the Second, Third, and Fourth Brigades, comprising an aggregate of 3,000 men, were marched under the division commander to Norristown, a point on the Arkansas River about midway between Little Rock and Fort Smith, with the object of covering a supply train then en route to the latter point, and for the further purpose of intercepting the retreat of the rebel army under General Price from Missouri. The safety of the train was secured, and advices being received from General West of November 10 that Price had crossed the Arkansas above Fort Smith, the command returned by detachments to the several brigade camps.

November 21.-The First Brigade, stationed at Pine Bluff, Ark., Colonel Erskine commanding, with 200 men marched down the south side of the Arkansas River to meet and protect a fleet on the way up.

November 23.-Met the advance boat at Arkansas Post, and returned, having seen no force of the enemy. Captured 2 of rebel officers and 8 men, who were home on furlough from Forrest's command. No other expeditions of importance have been made during the month.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John F. Ritter, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, CAV. DIV., SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., November 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that pursuant to orders I proceeded with 369 men and officers of this brigade and a detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, of 110 men and officers, at 6 p. m. on the 2nd instant, on the Jenkins' Ferry road, and reached Doctor Morton's place (about thirty-five miles) at about 7 a. m. next morning. No enemy at that place, and had not been in that vicinity since a week before.

---------------

* From monthly return.

---------------

57 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

