
A rebel commander, Colonel Logan, had been in that vicinity and stripped the country of forage, and then returned to Princeton. I proceeded by shortest route to Benton (fifteen miles), and found sufficient corn for one feed. Two prisoners were captured near this place. Their information is that there is a large force near Princeton and also a considerable command near Rockport. Returning, the command reached Little Rock at about 10 p. m. of the 3rd instant. Total distance marched about seventy-four miles. Captured 2 prisoners and 3 horses and equipments.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. F. RITTER,

Colonel, First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

First Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Div., Seventh Army Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., December 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters of the department.

This scout was sent out in consequence of information received from the provost-marshal-general's scouts, which was to the effect that Logan with 700 or 800 men was at Doctor Morton's gathering corn. It turns out that the news was nearly a week old when reported to the commanding general, and I respectfully suggest that the scout who furnished it be severely punished for bringing false information, in order to prevent others from being the means of sending our cavalry on expeditions in future.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., November 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, provost-marshal-general, for report with reference to indorsement of Brigadier-General Carr.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Little Rock, Ark., November 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain L. B. Nash, assistant provost-marshal-general, for a fully report in case.

J. L. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

