
[Fifth indorsement.]

OFFICE OF ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Little Rock, Ark., November 8, 1864.

The information received at this office relative to a rebel force being at or in the vicinity of Doctor Morton's gathering corn, was given by the captains of two independent companies of scouts, and from a number of men belonging to those companies, and not from any regularly employed, scout of this office. Knowing that for some weeks last past Logan's force had been marauding in and taking corn from that section, together with the information from the sources alluded to, I could not do less than report the same. There is no scout employed at this office to be punished, but about ten men belonging to independent companies (some of them living in the vicinity of Doctor Morton's) that are responsible and to blame for the report.

Very respectfully,

L. B. NASH,

Captain and Asst. Prov. March General, in charge of Secret Service.

[Sixth indorsement.]

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Little Rock, Ark., November 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned and attention called to the indorsement of Captain Nash.

J. L. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major George S. Avery, Third Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,

Near Little Rock, Ark., November 8, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, No.-, headquarters District of Little Rock, Ark., November 4, 1864 (copy of which I was permitted to read, but not retain), and instructions both written and verbal, I assumed command of a cavalry scout composed of the following named detachments, viz, Third U. S. Cavalry, 3 officers, 84 men; First Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, 3 officers, 110 men; Third Missouri Volunteers Cavalry, 4 officers, 96 men; total, 13 officers, 490 men, and on the morning of November 17, 1864, proceeded en route for Fagan's Ford on the Saline River, two miles west of Benton, distance twenty-seven miles. On arriving at the ford I discovered that we could cross, but did not deem it prudent, as the river was rapidly rising and the probability was that it would be very high as it was still raining. We camped on the north bank of the river and sent to Benton for forage, where we found plenty for the command. No receipts were given for forage from the fact that we could find no person that had any. We discovered no enemy during the day, except two men who were apparently on picket one-half mile west of Benton, and about ten men who were on the south bank of the Saline River and fired on the advance on its arrival, doing no injury. We learned from a family

