
who were moving and had just crossed the river, that there were about 100 of the enemy not more than a mile from the ford, but were in readiness to move; supposed to be Crawford's command. Morning, November 18, 1864, found the river very much swollen; water at least ten feet deep in the channel, still rising and running very rapidly. Deeming it imprudent to attempt a crossing under such circumstances we immediately countermarched. On arriving at the Twelve-Mile House, we found the stream at least six feet deep in the channel (swimming), current not swift. We readily effected a crossing without loss or injury, except that one man of the First Iowa Cavalry lost his carbine in consequence of his horse falling in the stream. Arrived at Little Rock at 4 p. m. We conversed all the citizens that we could find, and they all report that there are at Princeton two regiments of infantry (about 700 men) and Logan's cavalry. At Arkadelphia there are two brigades of infantry; could not learn their strength. Also report a few State, troops at Rockport. It is rumored among them that 8,000 cavalry from Magruder's command have recently been sent to re-enforce Price, whom they report to be south of the Arkansas River, with his command totally cut to pieces.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. AVERY,

Major Third Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant HAMILTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 4. Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding.*

November 4.-The effective force of the brigade present (1,464), under command of Colonel Geiger, in accordance with instructions from district headquarters, left camp at this place [Brownsville, Ark.] and marched via Springfield to Lewisburg, Ark. and from thence to Dardanelle, on the Arkansas River; distance, 130 miles. After scouting the country for twenty miles, capturing several straggling Confederate soldiers, returned via Lewisburg and Little Rock to Brownsville, Ark., having marched near 300 miles since leaving camp.

Numbers 5. Report of Major Joseph S. McCartney, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. TENTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Brownsville, Ark., December 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the scout under my command.

In obedience to written instructions from Brigadier General E. A. Carr, commanding District of Little Rock, and dated November 24, 1864, I took

---------------

* From monthly return.

---------------

