
twelve commissioned officers and 500 enlisted men of my command and started on the morning of the 28th instant on a scout through the country northwest of Searcy, between Little Red and White Rivers. I arrived at Cook's Mills, on the Bayou Des Arc, on the old Batesville road, at noon on the 29th. From that place I sent a scout to Searcy and West Point; on the 30th I crossed [Little] Red River at Hilcher's Ferry and moved with the command up [Little] Red River to the mouth of Big Creek. Learning that the country was full of returned soldiers (Confederate) I sent out four scouts that night to scout the country in all directions. On the morning of the 31st I moved the command to Richards' Mills and awaited the return of the scouts sent out the night previous. They all returned that evening, bringing in a few prisoners, but all claiming to be deserters. All of the scouts report forage very scarce, and no beef-cattle at all. I then moved up to Greenbreir Township, Independence County, and sent scouts up the country opposite Batesville, none of them hearing of any organized party of rebels. I found forage too scarce to remain in that vicinity, and moved out to Fairview, where I received dispatches from General E. A. Carr telling me to return if I could not subsist my command. I found I could not do so and returned. I brought in 14 Confederate soldiers, prisoners, including 2 lieutenants and 3 surgeons. I receipted for and brought in 34 head of beef-cattle, 17 mules, and 45 horses. I would further report that the citizens sent out as guides are, as a general thing, not to be depended on.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MCCARTNEY,

Major Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 6. Report of Major George L. Childress, Eighth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Strahan's Landing, Ark., December 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance to orders, I moved on the 21st of November, 1864, with 500 men of Third Brigade from Brownsville to Lewisburg, to report for temporary duty to Colonel Ryan, commanding post, Lewisburg, Ark. I arrived at Lewisburg and reported on the 24th. Was ordered on the 26th to scour country about Dover and on Big Piney, which I did in two days effectually, finding no enemy of consequence, nothing but a few guerrillas. On 28th November, while on march back to Lewisburg, received order from Colonel Ryan to march to and guard the stores on board wrecked steamer Doane. Arrived at the wreck at this point on the 28th, found two steam-boats, Chippewa and Hine, also here in good condition; water so low they could not proceed. Three boats have infantry guard of 108 men, which, with my original force, makes a force of 680 men. Our fleet has just been increased by steamer Alamo. She was attacked at Dardanelle by some 250 men, said to be Colonel Newton's, Cooper's brigade; no harm done. I escorted her up by crossing at this point

