
NOVEMBER 1-30, 1864.-Transfer of the First and Third Divisions, Sixteenth Army Corps, from Missouri to Tennessee.

Itinerary of the First Division, Brigadier General John McArthur, U. S. Army, commanding.*

November 3.-Brigadier General J. McArthur assumed command of the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 219, Department and Army of the Tennessee, dated September 27, 1864. The division had been in pursuit of General Price, who had been driven from an invasion of Missouri. The troops had just arrived at Sedalia, Mo., on the date above given when the general assumed command.

November 4.-The march was resumed toward Saint Louis, Mo., The division arrived at Jefferson City, Mo., on the 6th, where we halted one day for the purpose of transferring the sick and disabled to the boats, to be transported to Saint Louis; also for the purpose of drawing supplies. During the march from Sedalia to Jefferson City the weather was very stormy and cold.

November 8.-At 12 m. the head of the column crossed the Osage River, the men wading it. As soon as the troops had crossed a halt was made, in order that those regiments might cast their votes whose States gave them the privilege of voting in the field. The division was delayed one day at Westphalia, in consequence of high water.

November 15.-We arrived at Saint Louis, meeting no other obstacles except the crossing of the Gasconade, across which we constructed a temporary bridge by means of small flat-boats and planks. At Saint Louis we were ordered into quarters at Benton Barracks, for the purpose of refitting for winter campaigning.

November 23.-We embarked on transports on the Mississippi River, and were ordered by Major General A. J. Smith to Cairo, to coal and await orders.

November 25.-Arrived at Cairo in the evening. The steamer W. L. Ewing, carrying the headquarters of the brigade, was sunk on the way. No loss was sustained further than the wagons and harness stowed in the hold below. The R. Graham and Julia came to the assistance of the Ewing and relieved her of her crew and load. On the arrival of Major-General Smith we were ordered to the mouth of the Cumberland. On arriving at the Cumberland our fleet started in order up the river.

November 30.-We landed at Nashville and went into camp two miles west of the city, with information that General Hood was advancing on the city, driving a part of our forces before him.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, First Division, Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding.*

November 1.-Returning from an expedition against General Price, the command left Warrensburg, Mo., en route to Jefferson City.

November 6.-Reached Jefferson City.

November 8.-Started on the march toward Saint Louis.

November 15.-Arrived at Saint Louis, and was stationed at Benton Barracks until the 23d, when it embarked on transports for Nashville.

November 30.-Reached Nashville.

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

