
Itinerary of the Third Brigade, First Division, Colonel Sylvester G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, commanding.*

November 1.-Marched at 7.30 a. m. from Chapel Hill, Mo., to Davis' Creek, twenty miles.

November 2.-Marched twenty-three miles to Roletta.

November 3.-Marched twenty-two miles to Sedalia.

November 4.-Marched twenty miles.

November 5.-Marched sixteen miles.

November 6.-Marched seventeen miles.

November 7.-Marched twelve miles to Jefferson City.

November 8.-Marched twenty-five miles to Westphalia; forded the Osage River.

November 9.-Detained by a snow-storm.

November 10.-Marched sixteen miles to Lima.

November 11.-Marched fifteen miles; crossed the Gasconade River on a temporary bridge.

November 12.-Marched twenty-four mile and encamped on Springfield road.

November 13.-Marched twenty-eight miles via Union.

November 14.-Marched twenty-five miles to Manchester.

November 15.-Marched twenty-two miles to Saint Louis and moved into Benton Barracks.

November 23.-Embarked on boat.

November 30.-Landed and disembarked at Nashville, Tenn.; moved into camp two miles west of the city, where we are awaiting the arrival of Hood's rebel army, now moving toward this place.

Itinerary of the Third Division, Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, commanding.*

Division moved from Pleasant Hill, scouting the country around, en route for Saint Louis.

November 7.-Reached Fayette; remained in camp two days and took up line of march, passing through Columbia and Saint Charles.

November 18.-Reached Saint Louis. Here we remained in camp until the 24th, preparing for a field campaign; embarked on transports.

November 27.-Reached Cairo.

November 30.-Arrived at the city of Nashville late in the evening.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, Third Division, Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding.*

The brigade marched from Pleasant Hill, Mo., on October 31, by way of Lexington, Waverly, Glasgow, Fayette, Columbia, Danville, Warrenton, and Saint Charles, to Saint Louis, Mo.

November 18.-Arrived at Saint Louis, remaining until the 25th, when the brigade embarked on transports and moved via Cairo, Ill., to Nashville, Tenn., arriving about 1 a. m. on December 1, where the brigade now is.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Colonel James I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, commanding.

November 1.-Moved from Snibar, Mo., at 6 a. m., sending out a scouting party upon either flank in advance. During the day three

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

