
November 27.-Reached Cairo.

November 28.-Reached mouth of Cumberland River.

November 30.-Arrived at Nashville, Tenn.

Distance marched during the month, 265 miles.

Itinerary of the Division commanded by Colonel Jonathan B. Moore, Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry, commanding.*

November 1.-At Warrensburg, Mo.

November 7.-Left Warrensburg by rail at 11 a. m. and arrived at Saint Louis on the 11th at 8 p. m.

November 12.-Went into Benton Barracks.

November 23.-Left Benton Barracks; command embarked on transports Isabella and Prairie rose; fleet sailed same day.

November 30.-Arrived at Nashville, Tenn., and went into camp.

NOVEMBER 2, 1864.-Affair at Hazen's Farm, near Devall's Bluff, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 3, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain Claflin, Company D, Twelfth Michigan, stationed seven miles out on the railroad, reported that 8 of this men, with their arms and accouterments, were captured yesterday about three miles from hiss camp by fourteen bushwhackers, under Captain Patrick H. Wheat, taken about three miles, robbed, then paroled. Captain Claflin had sent out eleven men for bricks at the Hazen farm, but in returning the party separated. The eight were together when attacked, but immediately separated and ran. I have ordered them to be sent here in arrest. Captain Wheat stated that he had been near the line of sentinels here at the bluff and knew where all were posted; that there was another squad of his men in the neighborhood and that McCray was at Searcy.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock.

NOVEMBER 5.-6, 1864.-Operations in Mississippi County, Mo., with skirmishes at Charleston (5th) and near Sikeston (6th).

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Elon G. Rathbun, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have received no official dispatch concerning the affair at Charleston. The telegraph operator informs me that while Captain

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

