
Diehl was at breakfast yesterday morning some twenty guerrillas made a dash into town, and wounded Captain D, seriously, one man slightly, and captured 8 men. They then left without doing further damage. From what I can learn, most of Diehl's horsemen were on a scout. The eight prisoners were taken out of town some seven miles, robbed of everything of any value, and then sent back. They report the guerrilla force to be some sixty strong, under Colonel Birthright, a new man. I sent thirty men under Lieutenant Rathburn to Charleston at once. They arrived there at 3 p. m., and started with what force Diehl could furnish on the trail of the rebels last evening. I will advise you as soon as I hear from them.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General EWING.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 6, 1864.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Rathbun just informed me by telegraph from Charleston that Captain Edwards overtook the rebels near Sikeston this morning, and killed 15 and captured 5 of them. Lieutenant Rathbun came upon a small squad of them, and killed 5 more, making a total of 20 killed and 5 captured out of the sixty who made the raid into Mississippi County yesterday, under command of Colonel Birthright. The balance are reported scattered and endeavoring to get out of the State.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

General EWING.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Elon G. Rathbun, Second Mississippi State Militia Cavalry.

CHARLESTON, MO., November 6, 1864.

COLONEL: Captain Edwards overtook the rebels four miles from Sikeston and killed 15 and took 5 prisoners. I came up with a small squad of the rebels and killed 5. The rebels are scattered in small bands of five or six, and apparently trying to get out of the State. The Enrolled Missouri Militia acted splendidly.

E. G. RATHBUN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Commanding, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

NOVEMBER 5-9, 1864.-Expedition from Rolla to Licking, Texas County, Mo., with skirmish (9th) near Licking.

Report of Captain Ephraim L. Webb, Forty-fourth Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Rolla, Mo., November 10, 1864.

SIR: Special Orders, Numbers 205, from these headquarters, dated November 5, 1864, ordering Captain E. L. Webb, Company E, Forty-four Missouri

