
Infantry Volunteers, to proceed to Licking, Texas County, and enable the loyal citizens there to hold an election on the 8th instant, was complied with; election held. On the 9th started back to Rolla. About nine miles from Licking, close to the residence of a gentleman by the name of Reed, my company was attacked by about 400 guerrillas. I immediately placed my men in line of battle and fought them about an hour; repulsed them, killing 3 and wounding 7; killed several horse. fought them over the ground of attack and marched my men to this place without the loss of a man. I lost 2 horses, which was all the loss I sustained. My men fought bravely and stood up to the work. I found the loyal citizens of Texas County in a destitute condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. WEBB,

Captain Company E, Forty-fourth Missouri Infty. Vols.

Colonel A. SIGEL,

Commanding Post, Rolla, Mo.

NOVEMBER 5-14, 1864.-Operations in Colorado Territory.

Report of Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, U. S. Army, commanding District of Utah.

DENVER, COLO. TER., November 21, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of the determination, of which you were apprised by telegraph, I left Camp Douglas on the 5th instant and arrived here on the night of the 14th. The winter season has set in unusually early and with great severity on both sides of the Rocky Mountain range, and heavy storms and deep snows have prevailed during almost the entire current month. The roads in many places between Fort Bridger and this point are blocked and impassable for loaded trains, and destitute of forage. In view of these facts, and the additional one that [if] my cavalry could get through at all, the horses would be useless for active service after arrival in this vicinity, while the men would necessarily suffer much from the intense cold, I have deemed it prudent to halt at Fort Bridger, Wyo. Ter., the two companies of cavalry which left Camp Douglas on the 6th instant. Since my arrival here I find the Indian country intersected and cut up by several military districts, the commanders of which appear to be of opinion that they can spare no troops for a winter campaign against the Indians. Possessing no authority to move any of these troops, which, in my judgment, could be spared for such purpose, and it being impossible to transport hither my own men, I am unable to even attempt an expedition against the savages, who, I am credibly informed, are now in winter quarters on the Republican Fork and the Arkansas River. Any expedition against the Indians which would not probably result in their signal chastisement, would be productive of harm rather than good, and until suitable arrangements to that end shall have been made, I do not deem it wise or prudent either to undertake or advise a campaign against them. I hope to be able to transport my two companies of cavalry hither early in the spring, before the savages break their winter encampments, whence they will not depart until the grass on the plains will furnish forage for their ponies, and the early immigration tempt them to renewed plunder and outrage.

