
treasure from the western to the eastern borders of the continent must be as apparent to the department as it can be to me. In time of profound peace it would furnish the people a most wholesome check against exorbitant rates of freight and insurance by sea, but in case of war with any maritime power it would be not merely invaluable but essential to the entire country.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Dist. of Utah.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

NOVEMBER 5-16, 1864.-Expedition from Springfield, Mo., to Fort Smith, Ark., with skirmishes (6th) near Cincinnati, Ark.

Report of Major James A. Melton, Second Army Cavalry (Union).

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 17, 1864.

GENERAL: In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 2, dated headquarters Cavalry Division, Cassville, Mo., November 5, I left Cassville, Mo., on the 5th instant with 210 men of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, and was joined by Major burch, of the Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with 160 men. I camped on the night of the 5th instant in seven miles of Bentonville, Ark. The 6th I passed through Cincinnati on the inner line and camped six miles from that place. During the day I had several skirmishes with Major Buck Brown's men, who were disbanded and in small squads, killing 7 and wounding 1, taking 1 prisoner. 7th, marched forty-five miles and encamped near Fort Smith. 8th, arrived at Fort Smith, and for the scarcity of forage was compelled to recross the river and graze on the cane. 9th, marched to Dripping Springs and camped. 10th, came to Willhite's, twenty miles from Fayetteville, and found enough forage to feed once, being the first corn we found since the morning of the 6th. 11th, went to Fayetteville and camped. 12th, marched twenty miles and camped; had plenty of forage. From there I marched slow, feeding when forage could be obtained, and arrived at Springfield on the 16th. During the scout I had two horses wounded, but abandoned none on the march. In the vicinity of Bentonville as much as one battalion of cavalry might be subsisted for two months. My horses at this time are in very good condition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. MELTON,

Major Second Arkansas Cavalry.

[General JOHN B. SANBORN.]

NOVEMBER 5-23, 1864.-Expedition from Lewisburg to Fort Smith, Ark., with skirmishes.

Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

LEWISBURG, November 23, 1864-3.15 p. m.

CAPTAIN: Captain Hamilton, who left here on the 5th instant with 200 men, has just returned from scout and escort to supply train to

