
Fort Smith. He had several skirmishes with the enemy, killing 11 and capturing 1 lieutenant and 14 men, principally of Cabell's command. On his return captured two trains belonging to citizens going South. The supply train expects to reach here to-morrow. Captain Hamilton was ordered to Dover and if necessary to proceed with the train as far as Clarksville. At that place Colonel Johnson, First Arkansas Infantry, with two regiments of infantry, met the train and assumed command, ordering Captain Hamilton with his command to proceed with the train to Fort Smith. The captain represented to Colonel Johnson the necessity for his return to this place, but without avail. The colonel insisted on his going through.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 6-7, 1864.-Scout in Callaway County, Mo.

Report of Major Douglas Dale, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACH. FOURTH CAV. MO. STATE MILITIA,Fulton, Mo., November 8, 1864.

GENERAL: On the night of the 5th instant Dorsey, with 200 men, camped ten miles southwest of this place. At 12 midnight he took up the line of march for some point on the Missouri River. I received information that he was in camp at the place above mentioned at noon of the 6th. I immediately went in pursuit with sixty-five of my command. I struck the trail late in the evening at a point ten miles west of south of this place, and found that he was bearing east. I followed the trail through by-roads and plantations until near midnight, when I lost his trial and came to a halt. I leaned that there were two Union families within a mile of me. I sent a sergeant to one place for information of the whereabouts of the enemy. I also sent for and procured a Union man for a guide. I learned that the enemy were crossing the river two miles and a half below Cote Sans Dessein, at the farm of one Swan Ferguson. I delayed no time after receiving information, but moved at once. At about 1 o'clock I arrived at the farm of Ferguson. Not seeing any camp-fires of the enemy, I sent two men, dismounted, to reconnoiter for his camp. In about one hour his camp was found, or rather his point of crossing, with a few men and horses still remaining on this side. I dismounted all of my men, leaving en men to guard the horses. I went into the brush with my men and moved cautiously, and surrounded the point at which the enemy were crossing the river, and arriving at their fires found that I was too late. The last load had crossed intervening the time that the camp was discovered and the report could reach me and I could move to the place of the crossing. It was pitch darkness, thick brush and heavy timber to pass through. My information up to this time had been that the enemy were crossing in skiffs. I remained on the ground till daylight, and ascertained that Dorsey had captured a steam-boat at dusk, but I did not learn the name of the steam-boat.

On my return to this place a detachment of one sergeant and five men of my command pursued two of Dorsey's men from the river a

