
distance of fifteen miles, following them by their tracks, overhauled them, killed 1, mortally wounded the other, and slightly wounded a third, who had fallen in company with the two. A shot time before my men came upon them, captured their arms and equipments, consisting of blankets, saddle-bags, and a regular outfit for the brush confederacy. On the pair of the saddle-bags had a new pair of Federal cavalry pants in them. Conscripts are coming in slowly. I think this country is quiet for the present, but I cannot tell how long it will remain so. It is with much difficulty that we can obtain information from citizens as to where an enemy is in this country.

General, I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

D. DALE,

Major Fourth Cav., Missouri State Mill., Commanding at Fulton, Mo.

[Brigadier General E. B. BROWN.]

NOVEMBER 6-16, 1864.-Affairs at Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.

Reports of Major Scott J. Anthony, First Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LYON, COLO. TER.,November 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this post and assumed command November 2, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 4, headquarters District, October 17 1864. Major E. W. Wynkoop, First Cavalry of Colorado, was in command of the post; 113 lodges of Arapahoe Indians, under their chiefs Little Raven, left-hand, Nervah, Storms, and Knock-knee, and numbering in men, women, and children 652 persons, were encamped in a body about two miles from the post, and were daily visiting the post and receiving supplies form the commissary department, the supplies being issued by Lieutenant C. M. Cossitt, acting commissary of subsistence, under orders from Major E. W. Wynkoop, commanding post. I immediately gave instructions to arrest all Indians coming within the post until I could learn something more about them. Went down and met their head chiefs half-way between the post and their camp, and demanded of them by what authority and for what purpose they were encamped here. They replied that they had always been on peaceable terms with the whites, had never desired any other than peace, and could not be induced to fight. That other tribes were at war, and therefore they had come into the vicinity of a post in order to show that they desired peace, and to be where the traveling public would not be frightened by them, or the Indians be harmed by travelers or soldiers on the road. I informed them that I could not permit any boyd of armed men to camp in the vicinity of the post, nor Indians to visit the post except as prisoners of war. they replied that they had but very few arms and but few horses, but were here to accept any terms that I proposed. I then told them that I should demand their arms and all stock they had in their possession which had ever belonged to white men.

They at once accepted these terms. I then proceeded with a company of cavalry to the vicinity of their camp, leaving my men secreted, and crossed to their camp; received their arms from them and sent out men to look through their herd for United States or citizens' stock, and to take all stock except Indian ponies. Found ten mules and four horses, which have been turned over to the acting assistant quartermaster.

