
Their arms are in very poor condition and but few, with little ammunition. Their horses far below the average grade of Indians' horses. In fact, these that are here could make but a feeble fight if they desired war. I have permitted them to remain encamped near the post unarmed as prisoner until your wishes can be heard in the matter. In the interval, if I can learn that any of their warriors have been engaged in any depredations that have been committed, will arrest them and place all such in close confinement. I cam of the opinion that the warriors of the Arapahoes who have been engaged in war are all now on the Smoky Hill or with the Sioux Indians, and have all the serviceable arms and horses belonging to the tribe, while these here are too poor to fight, even though they desired war. Nine Cheyenne Indians sent in to-day wishing to see me. They state that 600 of that tribe are now thirty-five miles north of here coming toward the post, and 2,000 about seventy-five miles away waiting for better weather to enable them to come in. I shall not permit them to come in, even as prisoners, for the reason that if I do shall have to subsist them upon a prisoner's ration. I shall, however, demand their arms, all stolen stock, and the perpetrators of all depredations; am of the opinion that they will not accept this proposition, but that they will return to the Smoky Hill. They pretend that they want peace, and I think they do now, a they cannot fight during the winter, except where a small band of them can find an unprotected train or frontier settlement. I do not think it is policy to make peace with them now until all perpetrators of depredations are surrendered up, to be dealt with as we may propose. The force effective for the field at the post is only about 100 and one company (K, New Mexico Volunteers) sent here by order of General Carlton, commanding department of New Mexico; were sent with orders to remain sixty days, and then report back to Fort Union. Their sixty days will expire on the 10th November instant. Shall I keep them here for a longer period or permit them to return? The Kiowas and Comanches, who have all the stock stolen upon the Arkansas routes, are reported south of the Arkansas River and toward the Red River. The Cheyennes are between here and the Smoky Hill. Part of the Arapahoes are near this post, the remainder north of the Platte. With the bands divided in this way one thousand cavalry could now overtake them and punish some of them severely, I think; but with the force here it can only be made available to protect the post. I shall not permit the Cheyennes to camp here, but will permit the Arapahoes now here to remain in their present camp as prisoners until your action is had in the matter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, November 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding, respectfully asking for instruction in regard to the Arapahoe Indians, kept and fed as prisoners at Fort Lyon.

Major Anthony has been instructed to carry out General Field Orders, Numbers 2, July 31, 1864, fully until further instructions from department

58 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

