
headquarters. I would also state that I lave learned, unofficially, that on Saturday, the 12th instant, 2 white men were killed and 5 wagons destroyed near Fort Larned by a party of Indians numbering about thirty. Have written to commanding officer at Fort Larned in reference to it, and instructed him to report all cases of Indian depredations that may come to his knowledge.

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., November 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that since my last report on the 7th [6th] instant the Cheyenne Indians, numbering about 200, under their head chief, Black Kettle, have sent into the post a request to meet me for a council. I met them and had a talk. They profess friendship for the whites, and say they never desired war, and do not now. They were very desirous of visiting the post and coming in with their whole band. I would not permit this, but told them they might camp on Sound Creek, twenty-five miles northeast of the post, until the pleasure of the commanding officer of the district could be learned. They appear to want peace, and want some one authorized to make a permanent settlement of all troubles with them to meet them and agree upon terms. I told them that I was not authorized as yet to say that any permanent peace could be established, but that no war would be waged against them until your pleasure was heard. I am satisfied that all of the Arapahoes and Cheyennes who have visited this post desire peace, yet many of their men of these bands are now on the Smoky Hill and Platte, having in their possession a large amount of stole stock. I have been trying to let the Indians that I have talked with think that I have no desire for trouble with them, but that I could not agree upon a permanent peace until I was authorized by you, thus keeping matters quiet for the present, and until troops enough are sent out to enforce any demand we may choose to make. It would be easy for us here to fight the few Indian warriors that have come into the post, but as soon as we assume a hostile attitude the travel upon the road will be cut off, and the settlements above and upon the different streams will be completely broken up, as we are not strong enough to follow them and fight them upon their own ground. Some of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians can be made useful to us. Some have already given us valuable information, and one Cheyenne (One Eye) has engaged to visit the Sioux camp and inform us of their movements and intentions. The Arapahoe Indians that I found here upon my arrival are perfectly harmless while here, but I do not consider it policy for them to remain here. Shall talk with them again, and I think will send them between this and the Sioux camp, where they can kill game to subsist upon. Neither of these tribes are satisfied with me for not permitting them to visit the post, and cannot understand why I will not make peace with them. My intention, however, is to let matters remain dormant until troops can be sent out to take the field against all the tribes. Will write more particulars by next mail.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant A. HELLIWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas.

