
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major C. S. Charlot, assistant adjutant-general, Department of Kansas, for the information of the general commanding, with a copy of letter of instructions from these headquarters to Major Anthony in regard to the Cheyennes mentioned herein.

It is presumed that Major Anthony has received these instructions by this time, and will act upon them.

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, November 5, 1864.

Major SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.:

MAJOR:

* * * *

Field Orders, Numbers 2, dated July 31, is still in force, and the general expects that it will be carried out faithfully.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.

NOVEMBER 9-15, 1864.-Scout from Devall's Bluff to Searcy and Clinton, Ark.

Report of Major Harris S. Greeno, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry (Union).
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARKANSAS CAVALRY,Cavalry Depot, Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 8, 1864, I marched with the scout under my command, consisting of 130 men of the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, on the morning of the 9th instant, on the direction of Batesville, Ark. I proceeded without interruption to near Hickory Plains the first day. On the morning of the 10th instant I marched with my command in the direction of Searcy, Ark., and went into camp five miles north of Searcy the same evening. During the day's march I captured 1 prisoner, who had deserted Price's army at Pineville, Mo. From him and from citizens who had conversed with several deserters from Price's command and returned home, I learned that Price with his main force had marched in the direction of fort Smith, Ark., with a view to cross the Arkansas River either at Fort Smith or at a point west of that place. On the 11th instant I marched to Fairview, a place twenty mile south of Batesville. At this place I gained additional information in regard to the movements of Price's army, corroborating the statements of others, that Price intended to

