
cross the Arkansas River west of Fort Smith. I captured 3 more deserters from Price's army at Fairview, who claimed to belong to Coleman's regiment. From these men I learned that Lieutenant-Colonel Crabtree, commanding Coleman's regiment, was marching in the direction of Searcy, and that the intended to make Searcy his headquarters. I also learned from prisoners I had captured that Colonel McCray was marching down White River, and was going to Jacksonport with two regiments, Colonel Crandall's and Baber's, and the citizens informed me that small parties of from fifteen to fifty had been passing through on the Clinton and Jacksonport road for a week past; they all reported that they were ordered to Jacksonport road for a week past; they all reported that they were ordered to Jacksonport for the purpose of collecting supplies for McCray's brigade. All the prisoners I obtained seemed to understand perfectly well that McCray would make headquarters at Jacksonport or Batesville. I went into camp a few miles north of Fairview the evening of the 11th instant, and sent a detachment of fifteen men under charge of a lieutenant in the direction of Clinton with orders to proceed as far as they could safely, and return to camp by daylight next morning, and obtain all the information possible in regard to the whereabouts of McCray, or any other force moving in the direction of Batesville or Jacksonport. This party proceeded some six or eight mile sin the direction of Clinton, and by passing themselves off as Confederates succeeded in capturing several prisoners and obtaining considerable information in regard to the movements of the rebel forces that left Price's army and came in this direction.

From all the information I was able to obtain the condition of affairs in Northern Arkansas at the present time is as follows:

There has already returned to Batesville, Jacksonport, and Searcy three regiments, all under Colonel McCray. These regiments are Coleman's, Crandall's, and Baber's. Coleman's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Crabtree, when all together, numbers about 300 men; Crandall's and Baber's some 250 each, but of these two-thirds of the men have deserted, and say they will never go out again. They have thrown away their arms and are nearly all at their homes. they are all greatly demoralized and discouraged; those I saw all agree in the statement that Price's army was badly whipped at every point, and all greatly demoralized, and large numbers are deserting. From some I learned that either Shelby or Fagan intended to drop down in this part of the State with their commands. Although this seemed very uncertain, one thing appeared quite evident: If a scout of 400 or 500 cavalry could go up through that country at the present time or very soon, McCray could be taken in and most of his men picked up, with the proper exertion, but if they are allowed to remain undisturbed long enough, they may reorganize and give us considerable trouble during the coming raised. On the morning of the 12th instant I moved back with my command in the direction of Searcy, intending to hunt up Crabtree and give him fight. I found Little Red River had raised considerable since I had crossed up and was still rising, and it was with much difficulty that I crossed my command, being compelled to swim some of my horses. I camped near Searcy and on the morning of the 13th instant I sent a detachment up the Searcy Valley to ascertain the whereabouts of the rebel forces. The detachment returned during the afternoon and reported that the regiment under Crabtree had scattered in every direction and would not give me a fight. We captured a Captain Bolton, of Coleman's regiment, and two of his men. I would have proceed farther with my command had it not been for the fact

