
that my horses had no shoes on their hind feet I left, and some of them no shoes at all, and they became very lame traveling on rocky roads, and if I had gone farther I would have been compelled to abandon many of the horses of my command; and, furthermore, my command was too small to operate to advantage. Consequently I deemed it best to return, which I did, by slow marching, arriving at Devall's Bluff the evening of the 15th instant, having been absent seven days and captured 1 captain and 9 men of the rebel army, and 15 head of horses and mules. I lost no men and but 1 horse on the trip.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GREENO,

Major Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Captain GEORGE MONROE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Seventh Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,November 19, 1864.

The within report is respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

This report indicates that there are three or more rebel regiments with 1,000 men or more in the vicinity of Jacksonport and scattered through the country I recommend that I be authorized to send about 1,500 men of Geiger's brigade of cavalry, in two detachments, 500 to operate north and west of Searcy for ten days, and 1,000 to operate east of White River as follows: To remain in the vicinity of Augusta, Cotton Plant, and Jacksonport about two weeks, then to move leisurely toward Helena, scouring the country, and from Helena to go into the Indian Bay neighborhood, and after scouring that country thoroughly, to return.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 11-21, 1864.-Scout from Springfield, Mo., to Huntsville and Yellville, Ark., with skirmishers.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Cameron, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 2, dated headquarters Cavalry Brigade, in the field, Cassville, Mo., November 11, 1864, I left Cassville, Mo., November 11, 1864, about noon, with 160 men of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, and reached Berryville, Ark., on the 12th. Here my advance encountered Major Lauderdale; fired upon and wounded him, killing his horse. Lieutenant Gipson, commanding the advance, ordered Corpl. Robert J. Foster, Company A, Second Arkansas Cavalry, to take charge of said Major Lauderdale and convey him to the commanding officer. This order Corporal Foster did not execute; but leaving the prisoner at Mrs. Hollman's house without guard, permitted him to escape. Major Lauderdale was at Berryville for the purpose of collecting stragglers and hastening them forward to their respective commands.

