
and McCray's. These commands are scattered from Marshall Prairie to Batesville, the object being to consume the forage and abandon the country north of the Arkansas River. Colonel Hunter and Majors Brown and Harrell, with about 2,000 men, are supposed to be in and about Kingston and Huntsville. Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, with about 600 of Jackman's regiment, on Marshall Prairie; Colonel Schnable, with about 500 of his own regiment, at and about Yellville, and General Rains, with the Missouri State Guard, on Cowan Barrens. Rains' strength not known. I found sufficient forage to subsist my animals, but it is not plentiful.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.

NOVEMBER 12, 1864.-Skirmish near Centreville, Mo.

Report of Colonel Albert Sigel, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding District of Rolla.

ROLLA, November 12, 1864-6 p. m.

Lieutenant Storz, Company K, Fifth Missouri State Militia, had a fight with a gang of bushwhackers twelve miles northwest of Centreville. He killed 3 and wounded 3 and captured 11 horses and 2 rifles; he lost 1 horse and had 1 man wounded in the knee.

A. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp.

NOVEMBER 13, 1864.-Skirmish with Indians at Ash Creek, near Fort Larned, Kans.

Report of Captain Theodore Conkey, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Zarah, Kans., November 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to communicate for your information that on the night of the 13th instant, just after dark, an attack was made by a party of Indians, supposed to be about thirty in number, upon a train of five wagons loaded with corn for Fort Larned while in camp at Ash Creek, twelve miles this side of that post. One man belonging to the train is believed to be mortally wounded; the others four in number, made their escape with the loss of their stock. This information was communicated to me by Captain Jacobs, in command of the post at Fort Larned, on the afternoon of the 14th, and I immediately dispatched a scouting party up Walnut Creek in the direction it was said the Indians had taken. This scout proceeded thirty miles or more up the creek, but saw no signs of Indians. The opinion prevails among men experienced in Indian character and habits that this party was composed

