
number) will leave to- morrow for Alexandria, under instructions to report to you. These boats are provided with oars and oar- locks. The boats at Alexandria (eighteen in number) should be provided forthwith with oars and oar- locks, and also the necessary transportation to take them to the river. By this means you will have forty- two boats at your disposal. After the undertaking is accomplished the company of pontoniers, with their train from this place,will be sent back, an escort from the river being furnished them from the cavalry. Colonel Douglas, chief engineer, has been directed to proceed to Alexandria for the purpose of giving his personal supervision to the service of the pontoons. So soon as these duties are completed he will return to this place. The river is so low that the train will be sent from here by land.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

NATCHITOCHES, July 29, 1864.

Brigadier- General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge dispatches Nos. 3506 and 3507,* just received. If troops can be crossed at all it can only be effected by a diversion in the direction of New Orleans from this side. Much preparation in the collection, and perhaps also the building, of boats will be required. Can I expect assistance in these particulars! Secrecy will also be an important element in success, and I suggest, therefore, that I do not assume command of the infantry division until all preparations are complete. Pending the completion of arrangements I shall precede the troops to the other side to hasten any assistance possible there, and communicate with Richmond. I respectfully request that Colonel J. L. Brent, Major E. Surget, William M. Levy, and A. H. Mason; Capts. C. LeD. Elgee, Andrew J. Watt, James McCloskey, and A. H. May, and Surg. P. B. McKelvey by ordered to accompany me. I leave at once for Alexandria, where I shall await an answer to this communication,.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., July 30, 1864.

(Via meridian August 8.)

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I request the promotion of Major- General Buckner tot he rank of lieutenant- general, as it will relieve me from embarrassment in assigning him to duty. The telegram ordering General Taylor and infantry from this department across the Mississippi River was received July 28. Every means at my disposal will be used to secure the success of this movement. Arrangements were perfected for offensive operations in Arkansas and Missouri. The withdrawal of this force deprives the

---------------

*Inclosures 1 and 2, p. 90.

---------------

