
principally of Pawnees, from the fact that their plundering excursions are always made on foot, and as they were all dismounted and neglected to scalp the wounded man, who lay directly in their path, it would seem to confirm the opinion entertained that they were Pawnees and their object plunder.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. CONKEY,

Captain, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., November 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for the information of the general commanding.

The supposition of Captain Conkey in regard to Indians being Pawnees may not be correct, as since then Captain Booth and Lieutenant Helliwell were attacked in same vicinity by mounted Indians, as per report previously forwarded.

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.

NOVEMBER 13-16, 1864.-Scout in Pemiscot County, Mo., with skirmish.

Report of Captain James W. Edwards, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,New Madrid, Mo., November 16, 1864.

COLONEL: Information having been received that a force of guerrillas, amounting to abut 150, were rendezvousing near Cowskin, Pemiscot County, I concluded to ascertain the facts and took forty of the Second Cavalry and thirty of the Enrolled Missouri Militia and marched on Sunday morning last, scoured the whole country between here and that point, and could not find nor hear of any force outside of occasional stragglers. Run on two guerrilla officers, Captain Kelly, who succeeds Bulge Powell, and one of his lieutenants, named Walker. Killed the latter and probably wounded the captain. They had just crossed from the Tennessee shore and had stole a couple of horse. Also captured 2 prisoners, one a member of Bill Forrest's command, who says he was deserting, which we have cause for believing. He says Forrest is pillaging on the borders of Tennessee, and occasionally crossing to this side for the same purpose. The Enrolled Missouri Militia under Captains Howard and Kock behaved handsomely, and I think will do to rely upon in any emergency. They were picked men. Found Captain Hays' company of citizens in arms and ready for fight. His force is small, and are somewhat uneasy, being so far from assistance.

J. W. EDWARDS,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

