
NOVEMBER 16-18, 1864.-Scout from Devall's Bluff to West Point, Ark., with skirmishers.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 18, 1864-10 a. m.

COLONEL: The scout of 150 infantry under Captain Dreher, Third Minnesota, and sixty cavalry under Captain Flesher, Ninth Kansas, which started for West Point on the Ella Wednesday morning, has returned. One hundred of the infantry landed below Negro Hill and marched to West Point in the night, where it captured Lieutenant Oliphant, a notorious fellow, and ten other rebels, and then returned, having marched thirty miles in the rain on heavy roads. The cavalry landed two miles up Little Red and scouted ten miles out between that river and the White, capturing 6 prisoners, 10 horses, also destroying some saddles. No accident happened to any of our men. McCray is reported near Jacksonport with about 500 men. I am anxious too send a scout up of infantry and cavalry there on a boat. Generals Carr and West are still here.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Little Rock.

NOVEMBER 16-23, 1864.-Expedition from Brookfield to Brunswick, Keytesville, and Salisbury, Mo.

Report of Captain Eli J. Crandall, Sixty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. BATT., 62nd Regiment ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Brookfield, Mo., November 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I made a scout to the Missouri River, leaving Brookfield on Wednesday morning, November 16, arriving at Brunswick on the evening of the same day. I remained at Brunswick two days, November 17 and 18, and left on the morning of the 19th for Glasgow, via Keytesville. On the 17th, while in Brunswick, I was called upon by several ladies, who desired permits to move their furniture and other effect to Saint Louis by boat. I said to all of them that I knew of no reason why they should not be allowed to do so; that I was not authorized to interfere with them and should not. These ladies and their husbands, so far as I could learn, were all universally disloyal. On the night of the 17th I was visited by several persons who were known to be loyal and advised not to allow these goods to be moved, as they thought them contraband, but as I could not learn that any of these individuals had gone with Price in his late raid, although they were known to have remained at Brunswick, and did associate and mingle freely with rebel officers and men, and also with Captain Ryder and his men, and did remain there during the entire command of the rebel forces unmolested and then on the approach of Federal troops did flee to Saint Louis for protection, yet I did not feel I had authority to interfere, and did not. On the morning

