
of the 18th I was informed that a citizen guard had been watching the warehouse in which the goods had been stored, and that men (citizens, not soldiers) had been prowling about the building all night in a threatening manner, for the purpose as was thought to damage or destroy these goods.

On the evening of the 18th an arrangement was made for Lieutenant Bryan, of Company E, Sixty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, to guard the place with some of his men, which was done until the whole command was ordered into line, on account of firing being heard near the seminary. This occurred about 1 o'clock in the night; I had given orders before dark to have a provost guard patrol the town, and close all places of business before 10 o'clock and take to the guard-house all stragglers or soldiers who might be out after that time. This order was complied with, and I retired with Lieutenant John S., Baker, of Company A, at 10 o'clock in the quarters occupied by his company. I was called by the lieutenant about 1 o'clock in the night, as shooting was reported as having been head in the town. I immediately ordered all the men into line, and went in person to the warehouse where Lieutenant Bryan was guarding, thinking he was having trouble with those who had been prowling abut in that locality the night previous. I learned there that the shooting had been in the vicinity of the seminary, and I found Lieutenant Bryan and men in readiness to march with his guard to the seminary where the balance of his company were quartered; I also ordered two companies to march to the vicinity of the seminary on double-quick, and placed one company in position for defense if needed. I went with the companies to the seminary, and ordered one company to scour the timber and brush in that locality. While executing this order the alarm of fire was given, and the report came to me that the stable in which our horses were quartered was on fire; I then ordered Company A to march to the vicinity of the fire, and went with them. I found on arriving in that portion of the town that the warehouse n which these goods had been stored to await the arrival of the down boat, which was momentarily expected, was on fire. I did, with my men, all in my power to save property, and but little damage was done outside of the warehouse. I was much annoyed by the occurrence of the fire, as I well knew that however innocent the soldiers might be, that we would get all the credit for it. I talked with some of the Union men who reside there and they expressed themselves satisfied that troops had not had anything to do with it, and that tit was the work of outraged Union men, who had been mistreated by the owners of the property and their friends-the bushwhackers and rebel soldiers. None deprecated this more than myself, yet I could not help it. I find in Brunswick, and in fact in and throughout the country, that the poorer and most ignorant portion of the rebel community have gone into the bush as bushwhackers,a nd into Price's army, while the rich, influential ones (not gone into the rebel army), but who had no fears of bushwhackers, but did fear the Federal troops, have gone to Saint Louis, Iowa, and Illinois, for protection,w here they will do all in their power to misrepresent (the only hope of this distracted country) the loyal soldiers, and they will also hold themselves in readiness to apologize for rebel soldiers and bushwhackers at all times, hoping that matters will get quieted again, so that they can return before the leaves of the forest again make their appearance, to assist to inaugurate the bushwhackers once more in their hellish work of devastation and slaughter, feeling that in one more season they will be able to blot out the last lingering hope of this State (the loyal people).

