
This is the class of people who are now doing more to destroy our bleeding country than all the rebels in the army of the so-called Southern Confederacy. They are the people who can remain at home when rebel soldiers and bushwhackers make their appearance, murdering and slaughtering the loyal people. This is the class who can remain to point out the loyal men, who were the victims of such men as the notorious Bill Anderson, and Ryder, and others of the same class. This is the class who were known to walk arm in arm with rebel officers and officers commanding companies of known bushwhackers in the public streets. This is also the class that flee when the Federal soldiers make their appearance, accompanied by the outraged and mistreated Union men who have been compelled to leave their homes, families, and property to save their own lives, and now to return to find their homes and property destroyed and devastated, and in some instances their families outraged, knowing as they do that those men must be infuriated and that they will retaliate, and that their only safety is in getting as near headquarters as they possibly can, where they can use their oily tongues and by misrepresentation try and save their nefarious and infernal necks from the halter, which they so justly merit. This is the class who do not fear rebel troops or bushwhackers, but they do fear the loyal soldiers that are now battling to maintain our Government, which, I am shamed to say, still protects these traitorous villains.

I left Brunswick on Saturday with portions of my command, leaving one company at Brunswick to guard that post. I arrived at Keytesville the same evening and remained until sunday morning, the 20th. I then started for Glasgow. Soon after leaving Keytesville I heard of the bushwacker Jackson and his gang, and immediately changed my course toward Becklehamer's Mill, and there crossed Chariton River. I moved to the vicinity of Salisbury City and lost track of them. I then divided my command into three parties, sending Captain Roush commanding one, and Lieutenant Robbins the other, and the third I commanded myself, I ordered Captain Roush to scour the country from Salisbury City to Switzler's Mill, and Lieutenant Robins to move north and west, and I made a scout to the middle fork of Chariton, giving that locality a thorough search. Captain Roush ran into and routed Jackson about three miles from Salisbury City, wounding 2 of his men, capturing 3 horses, and a fancy cap worn by jackson, beautifully decorated with plumes and feathers. One of our men was seriously wounded, and we lost 1 horse and 1 gun. They are still running through the country, and can keep up their system of bushwhacking so long as the country is full of traitorous men and women, who keep them posted in every move made by our forces. This country is now full of property liable to confiscation, and there is a class of blood-sucking speculators now here, who are by all kinds of sly dodges trying to get that property out of the country. Some are doing it in order to defraud the Government; others in order to assist the rebels who have left it; and there is another class who do it to make themselves rich. Hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of this species of property, consisting principally of stock, would be realized for the Government if attended to immediately. This stock is being driven off and shipped daily. A portion of my command is still at Brunswick and a portion at Keytesville and the balance here. I have ordered the whole here. I arrived at these headquarters from my scout on the evening of the 23d. I received from headquarters, St. Louis, last night a telegram in regard to one R. C. Haigler, who was killed last week in Chariton County. I have the honor to report that this was not done by any of

