
my command. I will get the whole particulars and report to headquarters as soon as possible. On receipt of telegram was the first intimation I had of his being shot.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain, Commanding.

General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding District of Northern Missouri, Macon, Mo.

NOVEMBER 16-25, 1864.-Expedition from Cape Girardeau to Patterson, Wayne County, Mo., with skirmishes at Reeves' Mill (19th), and at Buckskull, Randolph County, Ark. (20th).

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George C. Thilenius, Fifty-sixth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS FIFTY-SIXTH Regiment, ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Cape Girardeau, November 26, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders received from you on the 16th instant, I have the honor to report to you as follows:

I left camp on the 16th instant at 10.30 a. m. with 166 men of the Fifty-sixth Regiment Enrolled Missouri State Militia and forty men of the Second Missouri State Militia [Cavalry], under command of Lieutenant Rathbun and Toney, to Jackson, where I was joined by thirty-fur men of Captain A. Tacke's company six months' volunteers, Enrolled Missouri Militia, making a total of 240 men, all mounted, with instructions to proceed to Patterson, Wayne County, and rout a rebel force reported to be there, open communications with Pilot Knob, and co-operate with forces sent from there. After leaving Jackson we marched a distance of twelve miles on the so-called old telegraph road, and camped at Kinder's farm, in Cape girardeau County. The next morning, the 17th instant, we started at daybreak, passing through Dallas, Bollinger County, at 2.30 p. m., and struck camp at A. M. Sides' farm, half a mile on the other side of Castor River, in Wayne County, Mo., making a march of thirty miles that day. The weather for the last two days had been very unpleasant, it raining without intermission, and the roads in consequence very bad, retarded our progress considerably. On the 18th we arrived at Patterson, Wayne County, at 2 p. m. From Lieutenant Sutton, commanding post, I received information that a force of 120 men, under command of Captain McClanahan, from Pilot Knob, had passed through Patterson about three hours previous to join us near Greenville, and ascertaining further that a rebel force of about 200 men under Timothy Reves was encamped on Cherokee Bayou, Randolph County, Ark., we left that place immediately, taking the State road toward Doniphan, and camped that night at Edward Dee's farm, on Otter Creek, Wayne County, having marched distance of thirty-two miles. Lieutenant Kelley, with a squad of the Third Missouri State Militia, who had been sent out by Captain McClanahan to Greenville, informed me that Captain McClanahan's command was in camps ix miles ahead of us and awaiting our arrival. We met next morning, the 19th instant, and started without delay, crossing Black River and marching twenty-four miles that day over the many pine hills of Ripley County, and struck camp at William Arnold's farm, on Little Black River, in Ripley County. A small scout of Captain McClanahan's command killed a notorious bushwacker, Ely

