
Garbert, at Reeves' Mill, about four miles distant from our campaign ground, and destroyed the mill which had been used as a place of resort by them and was furnishing supplies continually. We arrived at Doniphan, the county seat of Ripley, on Current River, at 10 a. m. on the 20th instant; took a rest of about fifteen minutes and then proceeded forward into Arkansas, crossing the line at about 12 noon.

Allow me, colonel, to say that this is perhaps the first instance the Enrolled Missouri Militia of this district going out of the State, not a single man refusing, but marching on cheerfully, and eagerly hoping to get a chance to shoot and kill some of bushwhacking chivalry. Having arrived within six miles of Buckskull, a squad of about six guerrillas were observed to approach our advance of the Second Missouri State Militia, who fired instantly, killing 2 of them and capturing their horses and arms. The balance scattered into the brush and made their escape. On the body of one, named French, a pass was found showing that he belonged to Reves' gang. Having passed over this small encounter, a charge was ordered on Buckskull, led by Captain McClanahan, but no rebel force was found there. After a march of twenty-eight miles that day we went into camp at William Patterson's farm, at the head of Cherokee Bayou, Randolph County, Ark. Ascertaining that no rebel force could be found in the vicinity, and consulting with the officers in regard to further movements, it was considered and determined to return, our rations having also been consumed and no prosect of obtaining necessary supplies. Our command was, in consequence, divided next morning, the 21st, Captain McClanahan taking charge of them brought with him from Pilot Knob, to which, by his request, the forty men from the Second Missouri State Militia from Cape Girardeau were added, with who he was to return via Pocahontas and Powhatan to Pilot Knob. I started with the balance of my command the same morning, crossed the Little Black River, and marched through a portion of Cherokee Bayou, finding the roads almost impassable, more especially through the swamps. The previous two days had been very cold, and the water frozen with ice one inch thick, cutting the horses' legs so badly that I was compelled to abandon several of them. We camped that night on a deserted farm, and marched the next day to Poplar Bluff, Butler County, Mo., capturing on the march a rebel soldier of Cabell's brigade, who had been wounded at the battle of Pilot Knob and was on his way home; crossed Black River at Poplar Bluff and camped on the farm of the rebel Major Jennings. Having obtained some corn meal and salt at Poplar Bluff, we broke up camp on the morning of the 23rd and marched toward Bloomfield, crossing Saint Francis River at the old Indian Ford, and camped at J. Harty's farm, eight miles distant from Bloomfield. The 24th we marched to Bloomfield, purchased a supply of corn meal, and from there marched to the farm of Fred. Ballinger, near Lakeville, to camp.

On the next day we arrived in camp at Cape Girardeau at 3 p. m., having marched and scouted through the country a distance of about 300 miles in ten days. In conclusion I must cheerfully acknowledge that great credit is due to officers, as well as men, for the faithful and cheerful execution of each order, as well as for their untiring perseverance of every hardship on the march.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

G. C. THILENIUS,

Lieutenant Colonel 56th Regiment Enrolled Mo. Militia, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Commanding Second Sub-District.

