
from an ambush by about sixty men, killing 1 man of the Ninety-third U. S. Infantry (colored). I immediately landed the force on the gunboat and attempted to get in rear of the force that fired on the Cornie, but they retreated up the bayou. I then deployed one company as skirmishers and advanced up the bayou, the Cornie keeping abreast of me as far up as she could go. I then had all the men on board landed except twenty-five colored men and a captain, leaving them as guards for the boat. I continued on up the bayou, my skirmish line keeping up a pretty sharp fire with the enemy. I sent one company of about thirty men around to the left for the purpose of getting into their rear, but they fell in with a company of cavalry which prevented this. After driving the enemy about two miles and a half we overhauled one of the large flats loaded with baggage and tied up on the opposite side of the bayou, and succeeded in getting it across, although under pretty severe fire from the opposite side. I ordered the baggage set on fire and the boat destroyed. I also captured 1 prisoner here, from whom I learned that the other flats were some half hour the start of us. I concluded that it would be useless to follow them farther, as they could row them as fast or faster than we could drive the force that was now opposing us. I therefore fell back to the boats and re-embarked, having been on shore four hours. The enemy followed us back and exchanged a few shots with the rear before my men were all on board. It is impossible for me to say how many of the enemy were killed or wounded, but I am quite positive that 2 were killed. The casualties on our side was 1 man killed and 1 slightly wounded. We destroyed 1 large flat loaded with baggage and several small boats, and barracks for about 300 men, with a considerable amount of camp and garrison equipage, and some cornmeal and sugar. It is impossible for me to say how strong the enemy were, but I should judge them to be not less than 200 or 250 men, and under command of Captains Murphy, King, and Whittaker.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. MILLER,

Major Eleventh Infantry, Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of La Fourche.

NOVEMBER 19-27, 1864.-Expedition from Terre Bonne to Bayou Grand Caillou, La., with affair (23d) at Bayou Grand Caillou.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Eugene S. Thrall, Sixtieth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Sergt. John Simms, Company E, Sixteenth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,

Thibodeaux, La., November 30 1864.

CAPTAIN: I am sorry to be obliged to report to you the capture of Captains Moore and Stevenson and Lieutenant Jordan, with 1 sergeant and 6 men of the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, at the mouth of

