
and that it was a plan laid by Luke with Jefferson tog et these officers drunk, decoy, and capture them. I have no further proof against this Luke that the circumstances of the case and his notorious character. But having seen him, analyzed, and read him, I would, if I were allowed to use my own judgment alone, send him to Fort Jefferson for the balance of the war without trial. I have the murderer Hilton in custody and he will be tried for murder.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. CO. D., SIXTEENTH INDIANA MOUNTED INFTY.,Thibodeaux, La., November 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 196, dated headquarters District of La Fourche, Thibodeaux, La., October 5, 1864, detaching me on special duty, acting on private instructions from headquarters District of La Fourche, I have the honor herewith to submit the following report:

Receiving my instructions to go to Bayou Grand Caillou to detect smugglers, having made the necessary preparations I started on the night of the 6th of October, traveling some twenty-five miles south of Houma. I found a man by the name of Hancock, who lives on Bayou Grand Caillou. I stopped at his house to get dinner and have my horse fed. I told him that I was a refugee and wanted to get out of the Yankee lines. I asked him if there was any way by which a man could get though and cross the bay. He told me that there was a boat going across every few days, and if I would wait a few days that I could get across. I told him that I was afraid that the Yankees would get me. He said there was no danger for they never came that far down the bayou, and if they did come he would hide me away. Finding that he was all right, I made myself known as George W. Waldon, of New Orleans, and was a traveling agent for the southern Aid Society, and that I had on hand a large lot of clothing for the Confederate soldiers, and I wished to get them across by this route if there was any means by which I could do so. Hancock told me that Mr. Raymond Luke and Joseph Wasser had boats and were in the business, but I could not get to see them, as Luke was at Houma and Wasser was across the bay; but if I would wait until morning I would see Luke, as he was looking for him home. I remained there until next day and Mr. Luke did not return. His brother, Battice Luke, came across the bayou; the told me that he and his brother and some of the neighbors would give me all the assistance I wanted if I could get my goods to Houma. Battice Luke also told me that his brother, Raymond Luke, had taken goods across into the Confederacy and had made $2,000 off one boat load, and that he could afford to pay $400 or $500 for a permit to run his boat in Grand Caillou. He also said that his brother, Raymond Luke, had a permit from the rebel general commanding on the west side of the bay to bring his goods into the rebel lines and return back with his boat.

After having learned all this, and making the necessary arrangements for shipping, I returned to camp, and about 15th of October I went back again. I found Mr. Hancock at home. He told me that

59 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

