
the boat had left for the other side of the bay the day before. He also told me that Mr. Raymond Luke was in Houma yet; that he made Houma his headquarters to keep down suspicion, for the damned yankees spies were watching him very close. I told Hancock that I had my goods at Terre Bonne Station; he appeared very well pleased, and told me that his son-in-law, Joseph Wasser, would take them across the bay for me if I could get them to some point on Bayou Grand Caillou, where they could be shipped by water. He also told me that Mr. Blanchard was a good rebel and would do everything in his power to assist me in getting my goods across. I then went to see Mr. Blanchard; he told me that he had been in the business, but was not at the present time. I then told him that as he was not in the business I hoped he would not expose me, to which he replied, no, but that he would give me all the assistance in his power. I left him with that understanding and returned to Hancock's, who told me that Mr. Blanchard's boat had previous to that run the blockade. I then renewed with Mr. Hancock my previous contract and arrangements in regard to shipping good across the bay. I was to get my goods to an old ware house in Grand Caillou, where the boats were to come in to receive them. With this understanding I left him and returned to camp again. About the 25th of October I went to see Mr. Hancock again. This time I was in company of Mr. Todd, whom I introduced as my partner (having spoken of him in the presence of Mr. Hancock before), and being at Morganza Bend in the same business. According to promise I had not come to time by two or three days. Mr. hancock wanted to know why I was delayed. I told him that my partner, Mr. Todd, whom I introduced as Williams, had got into trouble at Morganza Bend, and I had to go and assist in getting him out. He then wanted to know if I had succeeded in getting my goods to Houma. I told him that as we had lost a great many goods, I was afraid to bring them down until things became a little quiet; so I thought that I and my partner would come down and see how things were going on on the bayou. He told me that everything was quiet, and that if we had our goods there, we could take them across, for there was a boat going across next day. Mr. Wasser was present and I had a talk with him. He told me that he would take the goods at any time that I could be able to get them to the bayou. Mr. hancock also told me that Mr. Raymond luke was at Houma yet; we then made arrangements with Mr. Hancock and Mr. Wasser for them to take the goods, and Mr. Williams was to go with them. There was also a young man there by the name of Whitfield that said he was an escaped prisoner from New Orleans. Mr. Hancock was keeping this man about his house until there was a boat going across, so that he could get through the lines. After making all the necessary arrangements for shipping goods with Mr. Wasser we returned to camp.

On the 8th of November Mr. Williams and myself went to mr. Hancock's house again. On arriving at his house we found him at his dinner; as soon as we stepped in the house we saw that there was something wrong. On inquiry we learned that he had suspected who we were. He told us there had been a telegram sent from Houma the night before that there were some Yankee spies coming down Bayou Grand Caillou, and for them to be on the lookout. We then inquired of him where Mr. Wasser and Mr. Whitfield were. He first told me they had gone across, but after talking for some time we found out to the contrary; that they were only about a mile down the bayou at Joseph Wasser's house. We got into a boat and took a boy for a pilot. When we came in sight of the house we saw a small schooner. The boy spoke

