
across into the Southern lines, and also a squad of cavalrymen be sent down bayou Grand Caillou as far as Hancock, there dismounting and going by water down the bayou to Wasser's and Luke's. I would also say they can run their boats out in little bayous and inlets that lead back into the sea marsh, so that it would be impossible for them to be found, only by those who hid the. This is a true statement of the facts as I know them to be.

Your most obedient servant,

COLUMBUS MOORE,

Captain Company D, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Eugene S. Thrall, Sixtieth Indiana Infantry.

HOUMA, November 29, 1864.

GENERAL: The boat in which Captains Moore and Stevenson, Lieutenant Jordan and seven men of Sixteenth Indiana Volunteers proceeded down Grand Caillou has been brought back by Mr. Raymond Luke, whom Captain Moore took with him for a pilot. Luke reports that the party (of Captains Moore and Stevenson, Lieutenant Jordan and the rest) were captured on the night of the 23rd instant by one Captain Jefferson, of the rebel army, and ten men, who sent the prisoners across the bay toward Franklin, and then allowed the officers and men intoxicated and noisy at the time of their capture.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EUGENE S. THRALL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company E, Sixtieth Indiana Vols.

[Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding District of La Fourche.]

Numbers 3. Report of Sergt. John Simms, Company E, Sixteenth Indiana Infantry.

THIBODEAUX, LA., November 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from the general commanding the district, I have the honor to submit the following report of the doings of the scouting party under the command of Captain Moore, so far as the same has come to my knowledge:

On Saturday morning, November 19, Company E, Lieutenant Jordan in command, marched from Terre Bonne, and arrived at Houma about 3 p. m. of the same day. Here Captain Stevenson assumed command of the company. About dark of the same day Company D, Sixteenth Indiana, Captain Moore, arrived and we bivouacked for the night. On Sunday morning, the 20th, the detachment marched to Bayou Grand Caillou, as I understood the name, and down the bayou to a Government plantation occupied by a Mr. Lambert. At this point the wagons were left with a guard and the march resumed to a point about two miles farther. Here Captain Moore sent Captain Stevenson with his company across the bayou. The march was continued with a company on each side of the bayou. Company E marched about three

