
NOVEMBER 20, 1864.-Skirmish with Indians near Fort Zarah, Kans.

Report of Major Benjamin S. Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., November 25, 1864.

MAJOR: For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to inform you that on Sunday, the 20th instant, Captain henry Booth, district inspector, and Lieutenant A. Helliwell, acting ordnance officer, were attacked by Indians about five miles west of Fort Zarah and both severely wounded. Captain Booth was shot in the back, the arrow striking the shoulder blade and bending, and though the arm below the elbow. Lieutenant Helliwell was hit four times, twice in the head, once in the right arm, and once in the back. the wounds were severe, but not considered dangerous. The circumstances of the attack are these: The officers are on an inspecting tour, and having finished inspecting at Fort Zarah were furnished with an escort to proceed to Fort Larned. As the officers expected to travel faster than the escort, they permitted the escort to precede them about two hours. About five miles from Fort Zarah, and before they had overtaken the escort, twenty-five or thirty Indians appeared and attacked them. The officers immediately turned for Fort Zarah and had a running fight with the Indians for a distance of nearly two miles and succeeded in escaping without further injury. They think they killed some of the Indians, but it is impossible to tell for certain. A force from Fort Zarah immediately started in pursuit and had not returned at last date.

Very respectful, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding District.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

NOVEMBER 21-30, 1864.-Operations in the vicinity of Fulton, Mo., with skirmish (28th) near Fulton.

Report of Major Douglas Dale, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACH. FOURTH CAV. MO. STATE MILITIA,Fulton, Mo., December 1,1 864.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I forward tri-monthly report for ten days ending November 30. On last Saturday six guerrillas entered the northwest part of this county, traveling south on a line some ten mile southwest of this place. On their route they robbed several citizens and hanged two negro men near Millersburg. Sunday I sent detachments in different directions to try and find their whereabouts. Monday evening about sunset one of my detachments came upon them thirteen miles south of this place. A running fight ensued in which the outlaws scattered to the brush, and night coming on the pursuit could not be continued until morning. On Tuesday morning another one of my detachments came upon them, and in like manner they were scattered to the brush and had one horse killed. They were overtaken again about noon, and as before were scattered. My men continued to follow them all that day and the next, but lost the trail and abandoned

