
farther pursuit. That part of the county is very rough and the hills are covered with thick cedar brush. Wednesday afternoon I sent a detachment north of Millersburg to watch the road, thinking the guerrillas would go out in that direction. At midnight Wednesday night I received information that they were going in the direction of Millersburg. I sent another detachment to a point fifteen miles northwest of this place to find the trail and pursue them as long as there was hope of "mustering them out." My men were on the trail at 10 a. m. to-day, being the last I have heard form them. I have sixteen contraband horses, or rather horses taken from that class of prisoners claiming to be conscripts, the question of contraband not being decided. The prisoners from whom these horses were taken have been sent to Saint Louis by the provost-marshal at this place. What shall I do with these horses? If to be turned over to a quartermaster can I take them to Jefferson City, it being the nearest point? I await your orders in regard to them.

Captain, I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

D. DALE,

Major Fourth Cav., Mo. State Militia, Commanding at Fulton, Mo.

Captain GEORGE A. HOLLOWAY,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of North Missouri, Macon, Mo.

NOVEMBER 22-24, 1864.-Scout from Devall's Bluff to Augusta, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., November 24, 1864-2 p. m.

CAPTAIN: Captain Goodspeed (Sixty-first Illinois), commanding scout to Augusta, has just returned with six prisoners, including three lieutenants. He reached Augusta at 4 yesterday morning, but as the boat got too near town before landing, a rebel picket of fifteen made their escape. He reports two battalions under McDaniel and Tucker, of about 800 men total, a few miles above Augusta on the levee. McCray and Dobbin are east of Cache River, probably near Cotton Plant. Dobbin's men are getting together; cavalry went to salt-works, west of White River. No accident or loss to us.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 23, 1864.-Skirmishes at Morganza, La.

Reports of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army.

MORGANZA, LA., November 24, 1864.

(Received 10.20 a. m.)

The enemy's cavalry are hovering around all my lines. General Lawler drew in what few cavalry pickets there were and yesterday before sundown the enemy attempted to cut off my up-river outpost,

