
killing the officer in command and several men. Last night they attacked my left, killing some and driving off the cattle. It is represented that a force, large or small, is crossing the Atchafalaya. It will not be possible to prevent the capturing of outpost without cavalry. Colonel Chrysler, Second New York Cavalry, is here to take away the thirty or more cavalry left and all the ineffective men. I earnestly ask that Colonel Chrysler, with his regiment, ow at Baton Rouge, be ordered back, as they are all familiar with every bridle-path in this section.

It is desirable that I should have an answer this morning before Colonel Chrysler leaves.

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., November 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I assumed command of the U. S. forces stationed at this place on the afternoon of the 23rd instant. Ascertaining on investigation that for two days all the cavalry pickets had been drawn in, and that the infantry picket-line was weak and in an inefficient condition, I immediately directed my attention to regulating and strengthening it. Before this could be satisfactorily done, information was brought to me at 5 p. m. that a detachment of the enemy's horse, estimated at fifty or sixty, had attacked and endeavored to cut off the outpost on the up-river road. They charged between the outpost and the picket-line, and succeeded in scattering the former. The casualties are as follows: Killed, 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men; wounded, 3 enlisted men; missing, 14 enlisted men. Second Lieutenant A. D. Vallade, Company I, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding outposts, was serious wounded in the right breast, and died in a few hours. This excellent young officer met his fate gallantly and was brutally robbed by the rebels of his watch, money, and clothes even to his shirt. I have the satisfaction of reporting that the reserve of the grand guard, under Second Lieutenant J. H. Wisner, Company K, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, behaved with much steadiness, and by their promptness in supporting the outpost, drove off the enemy, it is believed, with some loss, killing several. During the night the enemy showed himself repeatedly at various points along the line, and at about 10 p. m. made an unsuccessful attempt, near the outpost on the down-river road, to drive off the cattle of the command; two of the herdsmen were wounded, one of whom has since died. Having no effective cavalry I was unable to pursue the enemy. I have information from several sources, corroborating each other, that the Confederates have, within two days, been crossing the Atchafalaya at several points. Lyon's Ferry, Morgan's Ferry, and Simsport are named. they seem to have had excellent means of information respecting this command, as I have satisfactory evidence that parties twenty-six miles from these lines had a knowledge two days before it was communicated to me that Brigadier-General Lawler was ordered elsewhere, and that all the cavalry was ordered away. I am informed that the celebrated Confederate scout, McAnnelly, was seen yesterday six miles from

