
the pickets and that he had recently been within the lines of this command. I beg leave respectfully to represent that without a sufficient force of cavalry I shall not be able to prevent my infantry outposts and pickets from being constantly attacked, nor shall I have power to keep the telegraph line in order.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans.

NOVEMBER 23-DECEMBER 10, 1864.-Expedition from Fort Wingate against Indians in New Mexico, with skirmish (December 1) on the Red River.

Report of Major Ethan W. Eaton, First New Mexico Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Wingate, N. Mex., December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from general commanding department, dated Socorro, N. Mex., November 15, 1864, I started on the 23rd of same month in the direction indicated in said instructions to cross the trail of sheep stolen from near Lemitar, N. Mex., on the 8th.

On the 24th at about noon passed Agua Fria, and on the 26th, afternoon, reached Rito Quemado. No water between the two places. Left Rito Quemado in the 27th. Traveled southeast toward the south end of the Sierra del Datil and northeast end of Sierra del Mangas to the held of the Rio del Mangas, between the two ranges. In the afternoon at the head of Rio del Mangas found trail I was in search of. When the sheep had passed there must have been from eight to ten inches of snow on the ground, and when I found the trail there was none. This made it almost impossible to follow it, as it could only be seen at long intervals, and then very dim. The fear of losing the trail or being discovered by the Indians in time for them to escape compelled me to travel on foot with the guide and trailers from the time I first found the trail until the Indians were overtaken, not mounting my horse for over four days. The men were also on foot.

On the 28th, after passing the Mangas Mountains, I found at about noon where the Indians had left their families while on their expedition to the river. There were ten lodges, now deserted. These were of eight Apaches with their families, three Navajos with families, and five Navajos that had left their families near or with Manuelito's band, near the Moquine villages, in all about fifty-five persons. Sixteen (eight Apaches and eight Navajos) stole the sheep. Before leaving the lodges the Apaches separated, taking probably about one-half of the stock, and the Navajos squaw taken. With the party I followed there were two others for the first day, as where they slept the night after leaving the lodges there appeared to be three lots, but I could not tell when or in what direction they left the trail that I happened to follow. I followed the trail with great difficulty until the 30th about noon, after which time it was comparatively plain.

On the 29th at about 4 p. m. found water in holes, not having had any since 27th at about noon. The Indians had up to the 30th apparently

