
selected the worst ground they could possibly find, often turning back and going up some mesa almost perpendicular and very rocky. This was probably done to hide their trail.

On the 1st December at about 3.30 p. m., and ninth day for this post, overtook the Indians camped in a narrow at the head of a canon running to Red River, about six miles from it and twenty from its head, thick pinon and cedar timber and rocky gulches on each side of the valley, selected with the habitual cunning of the Indian, with the view to an easy escape in case of attack. I immediately attacked them, but could not get nearer than about 400 or 500 yards to them before they saw us. Fired upon them as they jumped in the timber, but could not see that any of them were hit. They had not time to take anything with them. They had about 175 head of sheep, one horse and one burro. These were taken, together with all their camp equipage, &amp;c. I directed the detachment to secure the sheep and deploy through the timber in search of the Indians, which they did, taking 1 squaw and 1 boy prisoners. In the meantime I started in pursuit, the guide and one man coming after me mounted, but owing to the thick timber and gulches could overtake but one buck Indian. He was killed. I remained at their camp that night, collected and burned all the Indians had left and started on my return on the morning of 2nd instant. According to my calculation I had traveled 213 miles when the Indians were overtaken, and on foot. I still expected to find more Indians, and did not return direct to this post, but traveled two days north of east to near the Salt Lake, and back two days north of west to Ojo del Venado, not finding any sign of Indians that I could follow. Rations getting scarce and animals nearly used up (having already been compelled to kill two), I directed my march for Zuni, where I arrived on the 6th instant. The squaw says that the other navajos probably went direct to where their families were, near Moquine. They I think belonged to Manuelito;s band and are of those that have not yet surrendered. There were no Moquis with them. There are also some Navajos near the head of Red River, in and about the Sierra del Escudilla, that join with the Apaches in stealing. It was my belief that this robbing had been committed by Manuelito's band, and from the length of time that had elapsed between the robbery and my starting after them I expected to find the thieves with him. His band is from 300 to 500 strong, and I took men enough (thirty-five) to give him a wholesome lesson, but I did not find him. where I came upon the trail of the sheep was not over three or four days' travel (75 to 100 miles), perhaps less, from Limitar, and the people of that place could have retaken the stock easily if they had followed the Indians. and if I had received notice five or six days after the robbing, instead of fifteen, I would probably have found all the stock together and retaken it; at least the trail would have been easily have escaped. I returned to this post on the 10th instant, having been absent eighteen days; was at two different times two days and once three days without water for the animals, and on this account they suffered greatly. Some of the sheep tired out and were killed on the road. I brought in 158 sheep, 1 horse, 1 burro, and 2 prisoners. One Indian killed.

The detachment I had with me deserve the greatest credit for the good will and perseverance with which they did their duty, and under very unfavorable circumstances, considering the age and dimness of the trail. They passed several nights without fire, suffering severely from the cold.

