
I traveled, according to my calculation, 395 miles almost in a circle, not having struck my outward trail until within twenty miles of this post. Many of the men were with their feet on the ground before the Indians were overtaken. Rawhide was found at the Indian camp, with which they patched their shoes.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. EATON,

Major First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Commanding Post.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of New Mexico.

NOVEMBER 25, 1864.-Affair at Raccourci, near Williamsport, La.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., November 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 25th instant a Lieutenant Thatcher, U. S. Navy, commanding the Gazelle gun-boat, Numbers 50, while on shore with two men at Raccourci, near Williamsport, was murdered by guerrillas and horribly mutilated. Lieutenant Commander John J. Cornwell, U. S. Navy, commanding Second and Third Divisions Mississippi Squadron, states to me this afternoon that he gave notice some time since to the inhabitants below Red River, along Old River, and the Mississippi, that if any of his officers or men were murdered he would take summary vengeance upon them and their property. He intends to retaliate some time next week and earnestly requests me to send a force to co-operate with him.

I have the honor to request instructions both as to whether I shall co-operate with Captain Cornwell and also as to the extent to which retaliation shall be carried. I am informed that there is in that direction a large number of horses, mules, and cattle, and also much forage.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 25, 1864.-Engagement with Indians at Adobe Fort, on the Canadian River, N. Mex.

Reports of Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Cavalry.
HDQRS. KIOWA AND COMANCHE EXPEDITION,Camp on Rita Blanco, 100 miles east of Fort Bascom,

December 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit for the information of the general commanding the department the following report of my operations against the Kiowa and Comanche Indians:

I arrived at Fort Bascom, N. Mex., on the 10th ultimo, with seventy-five Ute and Apache Indians. At this place I found all the companies composing the expedition in readiness to move at any moment. I left Fort Bascom on the 12th ultimo with the following force, viz, Captain Fritz's

