
upon the knowledge of the movement coming sooner or later to our own people and troops. This may constitute one of the greatest difficulties to be encountered, as I fear the at your command may prove refractory when they find that they are ordered across the Mississippi. An appeal to the patriotism of the men, representing the necessity which calls them to the assistance of their comrades in the Cis- Mississippi Department,may assure you that willingness on their part which is so necessary to the successful execution of this difficult movement. I inclose to you a copy of an order sent General Walker, which he will publish if you adopt my views in regard to the expediency of dealing openly and frankly with the troops. Should you determine otherwise, he can suppress the order, and the movement can be made with all the secrecy practicable. Let me urge upon you the necessity of expedition. No time should be lost in making the attempt to cross the river. General Walker command s the District of Louisiana. I have left it optional with him to resume the command of his division or to remain in the department. The love of his troops for him and his influence with them is well known to you. Even should he decide upon remaining in the District of Louisiana, it may be well for him to accompany the troops, temporarily commanding the division, until the crossing is secured. Should you desire it, I will instruct him accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[Inclosure N. 8.]

ALEXANDRIA, July 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that i reached this point last night and have had an interview with General Walker on the subject of crossing troops over the Mississippi. General Walker coincides with me in opinion that the command of the troops should remain with him until everything is in readiness to attempt the passage. Much time will necessarily be required in making preparations, and even then success will depend on chance to a certain extent. General Walker has already commenced the work and will doubtless use every energy in pushing it forward. I send an officer to Woodville to apprise the Department at Richmond of the difficulties to be encountered in carrying out the orders. The division of General Polignac is very weak,one of its regiments being absent. I respectfully inquire if General Thomas' brigade will be included in the troops to cross. This command is without arms here, and I suppose can be armed readily east of the Mississippi River. I shall await additional instructions from your headquarters at this point.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant- General.

[Inclosure N. 9.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 1, 1864.

Major- General WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of my reply to a communication from Lieutenant-General Taylor of the 29th ultimo, also a copy of an order to be published in the event of your concurring with me as to

