
company (B, First Cavalry, California Volunteers), 60 men; Captain Witham's company (M, First Cavalry, California Volunteers), 30 men; Lieutenant Heath, with a detachment of Company K, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, 38 men; Captain Deus' company (M, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers), Lieutenant Bishop and 69 men; Captain Berney's company (D, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers), 39 men; Lieutenant Edmiston, with 58 men of Company A, First Veteran Infantry, California Volunteers, and Lieutenant Pettis, with 27 men of Company K, First Infantry, California Volunteers, and two mountain howitzers. The infantry force was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel F. P. Abreau, First Infantry, New Mexico Volunteers, and the cavalry by Major William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers. this force was accompanied by seventy-five Ute and Apache Indians, in charge of Lieutenant Charles Haberkorn, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, whom I took with me for that purpose. Lieutenant J. C. Edgar accompanied me as acting assistant adjutant-general of the expedition. Lieutenant B. taylor, Fifth U. S. Infantry, as acting assistant quartermaster, and acting commissary of subsistence, and Asst. Surg. George S. Courtright, U. S. Volunteers, as surgeon to my command. Total, 14 officers, and 321 enlisted men, and 75 Indians. This force was subsisted to include December 31, 1864. I deemed it proper to take wagons as transportation as far as a point known as the Adobe Fort, about 200 miles east of Fort Bascom, on the Canadian River, at which point I intended to form a depot and operate with pack-mules. I considered that the number of pack-saddles at my disposal (100) was insufficient to transport the necessary supply of subsistence to take me to the place where I expected to find an Indian encampment. Traveled by easy stages on a practicable wagon road along the north bank of the Canadian River, having to lay over on two occasions for one day on account of snow-storms. On the 24th ultimo, while encamped on a creek known as the Arroya de la Mula, about thirty miles west of the Adobe Fort, I dispatched two Indian spies with instructions to proceed a short distance down the Canadian, and return the same evening if they saw any fresh signs of Indians. They returned about one hour after sundown and gave me information from which I concluded that there was a camp of hostile Kiowa and Comanche Indians in my vicinity. I immediately gave orders to have all the wagons loaded and left in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Abreu with the infantry and dismounted cavalry force, and I moved forward with my entire mounted force and Lieutenant Pettis' howitzers. I marched about fifteen miles that night and again encamped and sent my spies ahead. They returned about two hours before daybreak, when I immediately took the saddle and continued my march down the river.

About one hour after daybreak on the morning of the 25th ultimo. I discovered a party of Indians on the opposite bank of the river, who were calling to me to come over. I ordered Major McCleave with Captain Deus' company to cross over and pursue them, and I continued my march along the river. Soon after I discovered an Indian encampment about five miles in advance. I immediately directed Captain fritz to advance with his company, and act in conjunction with Major McCleave, who was on the opposite bank of the river with Captain Deus' company. On hearing the report of fire-arms in front, I concluded that a fight had commenced, and I directed as fast as possible with the artillery and Captains Witham's and Berney's companies. The Indians abandoned their camp of about 150 lodges, but hotly contested ground between there

