
utensils, &amp;c.; also a buggy and spring wagon, the property of Sierrito or Little Mountain, the Kiowa chief of the Indians which I engaged. The principal number were Kiowas with a small number of Comanches, Apaches, and Arapahoes, all of which were armed with rifles, and I must say that they acted with more daring and bravery than I have ever before witnessed. The engagement commenced about 8.30 a. m. and lasted I may say without intermission until sunset, during which time I had 2 soldiers killed and 10 wounded, and 1 Indian killed and 5 wounded, and a large number of horses wounded (see inclosed list). It is impossible for me to form a correct estimate of the enemy's loss, but from the number which I saw fall from their horses during the engagement, I cannot call it less than 60 in killed and wounded. I flatter myself that I have taught these Indians a severe lesson, and hereafter they will be more cautious about how they engage a force of civilized troops. The officers and men engaged acted with the utmost coolness during the fight and my entire command showed a promptitude in carrying out my orders on all occasions.

I take pleasure in bringing to your notice the names of the following officers, whose conduct during the fight deserves the highest praise: They are Major McCleave, Captain Fritz, and Lieutenant S. Heath, First Cavalry, California Volunteers; Captains Deus and Berney, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers. Lieutenant Pettis' howitzers were well served and did remarkably good service. Lieutenant J. C. Edgar, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general of the expedition, was remarkable for his coolness and bravery during the engagement. I am indebted to Assistant Surgeon Courtright, U. S. Volunteers, for his prompt attention to the wounded of my command. The Ute and Apache Indians acted bravely during the day.

The Indians seeing their village in flames fled to the hills and gave me no further annoyance. I regret very much that the poor condition of my horses did not permit me to follow them and secure the large amount of stock which they had in their possession, also another large village which I could observe through my glass farther down the river. The company commanders ow reported to me that their ammunition was nearly expended. I deemed it prudent to return and join my wagons, which I directed to follow me slowly. About 8.30 p. m. I came on Colonel Abreu's command encamped with the entire train on a creek about ten miles west of the Adobe Fort. Here I also encamped for the night. In the morning I moved my entire command about 500 yards for the purpose of procuring better grass for my animals. I now decided that owing to the broken-down condition of my cavalry horses and transportation and the Indians having fled in all directions with their stock, that it was impossible for me to chastise them further at present. Therefore, on the morning of the 27th ultimo, I broke camp and commenced my return trip. I have traveled by easy marches in order that I may take all my animals to the fort if possible, and I have arrived at this point without any incident worthy of note. I shall continue to travel slowly to Fort Bascom, where I expect to arrive about the 10th instant, and I will await there for further instructions from the general commanding.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

