HEADQUARTERS KIOWA AND COMANCHE EXPEDITION,Camp near Fort Bascom, N. Mex., December 16,1 864.

GENERAL: I arrived at this place with my command on the 10th instant. I brough tin almost all of my stock, but in a very broken-down and unserviceable condition, so much so that it cannot possibly take the field in less than six weeks. If it is your intention that this command again take the field, as I think it should do, I would respectfully suggest to you not to send if for at least six weeks, and that during that time it be furnished with forage for all the cavalry horses and quartermaster's mules, as they cannot be recruited to do good service on grass alone. And that while in camp at this place, or at the time of starting, my present command be re-enforced by 700 mounted men, or all f the mounted men that you can possibly spare, and enough infantry to make up the 700 men. Also two 6-pounder and two 12-pounder rifled guns. This will make my command about 1,000 strong, and no smaller command should go after these Indians with the expectation of chastising them in a proper manner. I would further suggest that this command be furnished with transportation for four months' subsistence from the time they reach the Adobe Fort, at which point I think the depot should be established. In this manner I think the Indians could be brought to our terms, but in no other. Now is the time, in my opinion, to keep after them. They must live on or near the Canadian River during the winter with their families and stock, and I think that if a command be sent there as I suggest, that by next summer the Indians can be brought to any terms. There are immense quantities of buffalo in two days' travel of the point at which I had the fight, and I think the Indians can b found there in large numbers. On the day of the fight my men found in the lodges a number of women and children's dresses, bonnets, shoes, &amp;c.; some of these I saw myself. I have since been told by Mexican traders that the Indians have in their possession five white women and two children. If we can take some of their women and children I may be able to buy the white women and children from them. I would here suggest that no more of these traders be allowed to go among these Indians. On the day of the fight I destroyed a large amount of powder, lead, caps, &c., and I have no doubt that this and the very balls with which my men were killed and wounded were sold by these Mexicans not ten days before. We saw the tracks of three wagons going down the river, and you maybe sure they belonged to the traders. But I blame the Mexicans not half so much as I do Mr. Steck, superintendent of Indian affairs, who gave them the pass to go and trade, he knowing perfectly well at the time that we were at war with the Indians, and that the Mexicans would take what they could sell best, which was powder, lead, and caps, and Mr. Steck should have known better than to give passes to these men to trade, when every one knows that ammunition is all the Indians want at this time. I will move camp the day after to-morrow twelve miles up the river, as the grass is much better there than at this place, and where I will wait for further orders from you.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

