
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Las Cruces, N. Mex., December 15, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

Commanding Expedition against the Kiowa and Comanche Indians, Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I had the pleasure to receive your very interesting and satisfactory report of your battle with the Kiowas on the 25th ultimo, and have sent a copy of it to the War Department. I beg to express to you and the gallant officers and soldiers whom you commanded on that occasion, as well as to our good auxiliaries, the Utes and Apaches, my thanks for he handsome manner in which you all met so formidable an enemy and defeated him. Please to publish an order to the effect. This brilliant affair adds another green leaf to the laurel wreath which you have so nobly won in the service of your country.

That you may long be spared to be of still further service is the sincere wish of.

Your obedient servant and friend,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 27-30, 1864.-Scout from Little Rock to Benton, Ark.

Report of Captain William Hawley, Third U. S. Colored.

CAMP THIRD U. S. CAVALRY,

Little Rock, Ark., December 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions received I proceeded with my command, consisting of detachments of the Third U. S. Cavalry and the Third Missouri Cavalry, out the Jenkins Ferry road. At a point eight miles from Little Rock the advance guard was fired upon by a party of bushwhackers, which was immediately returned and every effort made to capture them, but without success. Among them was a citizen whom I arrested and sent under guard to brigade headquarters. The command then continued its march down the Jenkins Ferry road for a distance of twenty-eight miles, when it encamped for the night. Finding no forage at this point and ascertaining that none was to be obtained on that road, I deemed it imprudent on account of the state of the horses to proceed farther on that road. On the morning following, taking a small cross-road leading to the rear of Benton, the march was resumed, and reaching Benton about 7 a. m. the command charged the town, but found no one except a few citizens, who stated that most all the Confederate troops had gone to Red River. Unable to obtain any forage at this place or in the neighborhood, I was compelled to return to Little Rock, reaching here about 6 p. m. 30th ultimo. In concluding, I would respectfully state that the country through which I traveled was destitute of beef-cattle and forage. The casualties of the command were the loss of 4 horses, three of which belonged to the Third Missouri Cavalry, two having died in camp from causes unknown, one abandoned, also one from the Third U. S. Cavalry abandoned as unable to travel.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HAWLEY,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant W. T. HAMILTON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

