
NOVEMBER 29, 1864.-Skirmish at Doyal's Plantation, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

Numbers 2.-Asst. Surg. George A. Monroe, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding District of La Fourche.

THIBODEAUX, LA., November 30, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

The company of cavalry which was at Donaldsonville was thrown across the river yesterday. Major Beebe reports half of the one ordered from Napoleonville there about to cross on the steamer Iberville. Before the company crossed yesterday the small squad already there were attacked. A lieutenant and 12 men of our party, together with an assistant surgeon, were captured, the latter wounded. We inflicted a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded upon the rebels.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain F. SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

November 30, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to General Hurlbut for information.

Having no cavalry on this side of the river I ordered two companies from General Cameron's command. It appears they did not cross quite soon enough. I have ordered the whole country between the Mississippi and Amite immediately scoured.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Asst. Surg. George A. Monroe, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

DONALDSONVILLE, LA., December 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your orders of the 10th instant I have the honor to forward the following report and a copy of my parole:

On the morning of the 29th ultimo Second Lieutenant Tefft, with thirteen men and myself, left camp on the east side of the Mississippi for New River in pursuit of a small party of jayhawkers, reported to have pillaged a neighboring plantation the night previous; got no tidings of them, but the citizens reported the rebel soldiers in considerable force. Lieutenant Tefft deeming it imprudent to proceed farther returned by the New River road as far as Doyal's plantation; halted

60 R R-VOL XLI, PT I

