
to feed at 2 p. m. After feeing, Lieutenant Tefft and his men, with their arms, went to the houses to eat. In about fifteen minutes two suspicious men passed. The lieutenant ordered a sergeant to follow and arrest them. In their absence half a dozen rebels were reported close at hand. Lieutenant Tefft ordered his men into line, but before the order could be executed, there not being time to mount, about twenty of the rebels were upon us. After fighting about fifteen minutes we were overpowered and compelled to surrender. One man besides myself was wounded on our side; 1 horse killed, and 3 men wounded (1 mortally) on the rebel side. They then disarmed our men, ordered us to mount, and rode in the direction of New River. Shortly after the sergeant and men, with the parties whom they had arrested, came in sight and were captured by the rebel lieutenant and four men. The lieutenant finding that from the severity of my wound I was unable to proceed, stopped at New River and paroled me.

I know nothing further, as the rebel party with their prisoners left immediately, and I did not learn their destination.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE (his x mark) A. MONROE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Witness to signature:

CHARLES W. TURNER,

First Lieutenant, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans.

[Inclosure.]

I do hereby solemnly swear before Almighty God that I will not bear arms against the Confederate States of America until duly exchanged, nor aid or assist the U. S. Army.

DR. GEORGE A. MONROE,

Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Paroling officer:

Lieutenant A. BENNEN, C. S. Army,

Commanding Scout.

[Indorsement.]

DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,

December 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The most particular instructions have been repeatedly given on the subject of the performance of picket and outpost duty. Doctor Monroe is very tender in his description of this affair. I have made careful inquiry into the matter, and am assured that Lieutenant Tefft, after having left himself compelled to return in consequence of a force reported in his front too large to cope with, made a half at Doyal's plantation, a point most open to attack of any in that region, allowed all his men and horses to feed at the same time, set no pickets on any of the roads converging to that point, and placed himself there in the power of the enemy in violation of common sense, his duties as an officer, and particularly all instructions, which have been frequent on the subject. I recommend that this officer be at once dismissed the service. It is

