
going to require something more than the slow and uncertain process of a court-martial to restore to the regiments (of which this is one) demoralized by the Red River campaign that military industry and virtue without which success is not only uncertain, but even security.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 29, 1864.-Attack on the steamer Alamo, on the Arkansas River, near Dardanelle, Ark.

Report of Second Lieutenant John T. S. Fry, Fortieth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FORTIETH IOWA VOLS.,On Board Steamer Alamo, Strayhorn's Landing, Ark.,

November 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an engagement with the enemy on the 29th instant between a detail of thirty men of the Fortieth Iowa Volunteers as guards on steamer Alamo to Fort Smith, under my command, and a detachment of rebel cavalry commanded by Colonel Robert C. Newton:

About 2 p. m. yesterday, when about two miles and a half above Dardanelle, the enemy appeared in considerable force on an elevated position on the south side of the Arkansas River, dismounted, and when within about 150 yards commenced firing. They followed us about six miles, keeping up an incessant fire. My men, protected by breast-works made of oat sacks, returned the fire with coolness and deliberation. The captain of the boat informing me that we were approaching a bar that could not be crossed without difficulty, I ordered the boat to be landed on the opposite shore. Just as we were about to land some one of the rebels, supposed to be an officer, came within speaking distance and demanded surrender. To this demand a negative reply was given. After landing occasional shots were exchanged for about an hour, and then the firing ceased. The enemy encamped last night opposite the boat, but withdrew early this morning. After their departure I visited the opposite shore and ascertained from citizens that we had been fighting Colonel Newton's cavalry regiment, about 250 or 300 strong, and that they lost 2 men killed and 1 wounded; also, had 2 horses killed; I saw the graves of the killed. The boat was literally riddled with bullets. No less than eighty-seven balls struck the boat on aa line with the pilot-house. The detachment under my command is composed of details from all the companies except A. My only trouble was to keep the men from exposing themselves to the fire of the enemy. Nothing but the protection afforded by the oat sacks saved my little command, one and all of whom, as well as the offices of the boat, deserve great praise for their conduct on this occasion. No serious casualty occurred to any of the men of my command. Private Charles S. Powers, Company I, narrowly escaped, a ball passing through his hair; Private Thomas Jeffers, Company D, was hit in the side by a spent ball that glanced from a stanchion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. S. FRY,

Second Lieutenant Company C, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant L. A. DUNCAN,

Adjutant Fortieth Iowa.

