
NOVEMBER 29, 1864.-Engagement with Indians on Sand Creek, Colo. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel John M. Chivington, First Colorado Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2.-Major Scott J. Anthony, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Judson J. Kennedy, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Clark Dunn, First Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel George L. Shoup, Third Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Leavitt L. Bowen, Third Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Major Hal Sayr, Third Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 8.-Captain Theodore G. Cree, Third Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 9.-Major Edward W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry, of an investigation of Indian affairs in the vicinity of Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel John M. Chivington, First Colorado Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,In the Field, Cheyenne County, South Bend of Big Sandy,

November 29, 1864.

In the last ten days my command has marched 300 miles, 100 of which the snow was two feet deep. After a march of forty miles last night I, at daylight this morning, attacked Cheyenne village of 130 lodges, from 900 to 1,000 warriors strong; killed Chiefs Black Kettle, White Antelope, Knock Knee, and Little Robe [Little Raven], and between 400 and 500 other Indians, and captured as many ponies and mules. Our loss [was], 9 killed, 38 wounded. All did nobly. Think I will catch some more of them eighty miles, on Smoky Hill. Found white man's scalp, not more than three days' old, in one of lodges.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding First Dist. of Colo. and First Indian Expedition.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Department of Kansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., December 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of operations of the Indian expedition under my command, of which brief notice was given you by my telegram of November 29, 1864:

Having ascertained that the hostile Indians had proceeded south from the Platte and were almost within striking distance of Fort Lyon, I ordered Colonel George L. Shoup, Third Regiment Colorado Volunteer Cavalry, 100-days' service, to proceed with the mounted men of his regiment in that direction. On November 20 I left Denver, and at Booneville, Colo., Ter., on the 24th of November, joined and took command in person of the expedition, which had been increased by battalion First Cavalry of Colorado, consisting of detachments of Companies C, E, and H. I proceeded with the utmost caution down the Arkansas River, and on the morning of the 28th ultimo arrived at Fort Lyon, to

---------------

*See also Vol. 3 of the Report of the Joint Committee on the conduct of the War, at the Second Session, Thirty-eighth Congress, 1865.

---------------

