
the surprise of the garrison of that post. On the same evening I resumed my march, being joined by Major Scott J. Anthony, First Cavalry of Colorado, with 125 men of said regiment, consisting of detachments of Companies D, G, and K, with two howitzers. The command then proceeded in a northeasterly direction, traveling all night, and at daylight of 29th November striking Sand Creek, about forty miles from Fort Lyon. Here was discovered an Indian village of 130 lodges, comprised of Black Kettle's band of Cheyennes and eight lodges of Arapahoe with Left Hand. My line of battle was formed with Lieutenant Wilson's battalion, First Regiment, numbering about - men, on the right; Colonel Shoup's (Third) regiment, numbering about 450 men, in the center, and Major Anthony's battalion, numbering 125 men, First Regiment, on the left. The attack was immediately made upon the Indian camp by Lieutenant Wilson, who dashed forward, cutting the enemy off from their herd, and driving them out of their camp, which was subsequently destroyed. The Indians, numbering from 900 to 1,000, though taken by surprise, speedily rallied and formed a line of battle across the creek, about three-fourths of a mile above the village, stubbornly contesting every inch of ground. The commands of Colonel Shoup and Major Anthony pressed rapidly forward and attacked the enemy sharply, and the engagement became general, we constantly driving the Indians, who fell back from one position to another for five miles, and finally abandoned resistance and dispersed in all directions, and were pursued by my troops until night-fall. It may perhaps be unnecessary for me to state that I captured no prisoners. Between 500 and 600 Indians were left dead upon the ground; about 550 ponies, mules, and horses were captured, and all their lodges were destroyed, the contents of which have served to supply the command with and abundance of trophies, comprising the paraphernalia of Indian warfare and life. My loss was 8 killed on the field and 40 wounded, of which two have since died. Of the conduct of the Third Regiment, 100-days' service, I have to say that they well sustained the reputation of our Colorado troops for bravery and effectiveness, were well commanded by their gallant young colonel, George L. Shoup, ably assisted by Lieutenant Colonel L. L. Bowen, Major Hal Sayr, and Captain Theodore G. Cree, commanding First, Second, and Third Battalions of that regiment. Of the conduct of the two battalions of the First Regiment I have but to remark that they sustained their reputation as second to none, and were ably handled by their commanders, Major Anthony, Lieutenant Wilson, and Lieutenant Clark Dunn, upon whom the command devolved after the disabling of Lieutenant Wilson from wounds received. Night coming on the pursuit of the flying Indians was of necessity abandoned and my command encamped within sight of the field.

On the 1st instant, having set the wounded and dead to Fort lyon, the first to be cared for, the last to be buried upon our own soil, I resumed the pursuit in direction of Camp Wynkoop, on the Arkansas River,marching all night of 3rd and 4th instant, in hopes of overtaking a large encampment of Arapahoes and Cheyennes under Little Robe [Little Raven], but the enemy had been apprised of my advance, and on the morning of the 5th instant, at 3 o'clock, precipitately broke camp and fled. My stock was exhausted. For 100 miles the snow had been two feet deep, and for the previous fifteen days (excepting on November 29 ad 30) the marches had been forced and incessant. Under these circumstances, and the fact of the time of the Third Regiment being nearly out, I determined for the present to relinquish the pursuit. Of the effect of the punishment sustained by the Indians you will be the

