
the propriety of making the destination of the expedition known to the troops. Your influence with your old command is deservedly great, and can be made a powerful auxiliary in securing its cheerful acquiescence in the movement. I believe that even though you finally remain in the district you should at least temporarily resume command of your old division and assist in putting it across the Mississippi. The larger part of your present command will necessarily by employed either directly or indirectly in forwarding the movement. It may be found impossible to cross the artillery and transportation. You should be prepared to secure its speedy removal beyond the reach of the enemy. You will perceive that in my letter to General Taylor I have directed him to take personal command of the expedition. The dispatch from Richmond directs this and he is responsible for its execution. You should give him every facility and assistance, and if necessary bring the strength of your whole district to bear upon the undertaking. You will observe that General Taylor asks for a number of officers to accompany him. I doubt whether Major Mason can be spared. Are either of the officers applied for necessary for the administration of the affairs of the district?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 1, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send an officer across the Mississippi River with directions to proceed to the nearest telegraph station and place himself in communication with Major Price, ordnance officer at Selma, Ala., in charge of ordnance for the department. He will ascertain from Major Price the locality of the arms, and if it is practicable to push forward a sufficient number of arms for all the troops which are to cross the river. General Taylor and yourself are both aware of the difficulty of obtaining arms in this department, and if it is possible to arm the command immediately on their crossing, the arms now in their possession should be left in this department. If it is not practicable to bring the arms in time for the troops they still might be brought in sufficient time to take advantage of this opportunity to cross them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure N. 10.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., August 3, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd [22nd] ultimo from Columbus, Ga. I inclose you copies* of my letters to Lieutenant- General Taylor on this subject; also a copy* of a letter to Major- General Walker, commanding District of West Louisiana, of the 1st instant. I shall go to Alexandria and will

---------------

*See pp. 90, 93, 94.

---------------

