
judge. Their chiefs, Black Kettle, White Antelope, One Eye, and Knock Knee were among the killed, and their bands almost annihilated. I was shown the scalp of a white man found in one of the lodges, which could not have been taken more than two or three days previous. For full particulars and reports of the several commanders, i respectfully refer you to the following copies herewith inclosed: Colonel George L. Shoup, Third Regiment, December 6, 1864; Colonel George L. Shoup, Third Regiment, December 7, 1864; Lieutenant Colonel L. L. Bowen, Third Regiment, November 30, 1864; Major Hal Sayr, Third Regiment, December 6, 1864; Captain Theodore G. Cree, Third Regiment, December 6, 1864; Major Scott J. Anthony, First Regiment, December 1, 1864; Lieutenant Clark Dunn, First Regiment, November 30, 1864; Lieutenant J. J. Kennedy, First Regiment, November 30, 1864.

If all companies of the First Cavalry of Colorado, and the Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, stationed at posts and camps near here, were ordered to report to me, I could organize a campaign which, in my judgment, would effectually rid the country between the Platte and Arkansas Rivers of these red rebels. I would respectfully request to be informed, if another campaign should be authorized from here, whether I could employ 100 or 200 friendly Utes (Indians), furnishing them subsistence, arms, and ammunition for the campaign.

I cannot concluded this report without saying that the conduct of Captain Silas S. Soule, Company D, First Cavalry of Colorado, was at least ill-advised, he saying that he thanked God that he had killed no Indians, and like expressions, providing him more in sympathy with those Indians than with the whites. The evidence is most conclusive that these Indians are the worst that have infested the routes on the Platte and Arkansas Rivers during the last spring and summer. Amongst the stock captured were the horses and mules taken by them from Lieutenant Chase, First Cavalry of Colorado, last September; several scalps of white men and women were found in their lodges; also various articles of clothing belonging to white persons. On every hand the evidence was clear that no lick was struck amiss.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Cav. of Colorado, Commanding Dist. of Colorado.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,In the Field, South Bend of Big Sandy, Colo. Ter.,

November 29, 1864.

Messrs. BEYERS and DAILEY,

Editors News, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIRS: I have not the time to give you a detailed history of our engagement of to-day, or to mention those officers and men who distinguished themselves in one of the most bloody battles ever fought on these plains. You will find inclosed the report of my surgeon-in-chief, which will bring to many anxious friends the sad fate of loved ones, who are and have been risking everything to avenge the horrid deeds of those savages we have so severely handled. We made a forced march of forty miles and surprised at break of day one of the most powerful villages of the Cheyenne Nation, captured over 500 animals, killing the celebrated chiefs, One Eye, White Antelope, Knock Knee, Black Kettle, and

