
Little Robe [Little Raven], and about 500 of their people, destroying all their lodges and equipage, making almost an entire annihilation of the entire tribe. I shall leave here as soon as I can see our wounded safely on the way to the hospital at Fort Lyon for the villages of the Sioux, which are reported about eighty miles from here on the Smoky Hill, and reported 3,000 strong, so look out for more fighting. I will state, for the consideration of gentlemen who are opposed to fighting these red scoundrels, that I was shown by chief surgeon the scalp of a white man taken from the lodge of one of the chiefs, which could not have been more than two or three days taken, and I could mention many more things to show ho these Indians that have been drawing Government rations at Fort Lyon are and have been acting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Dist. of Colorado and First Indiana Expedition.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major Scott J. Anthony, First Colorado Cavalry.
HDQRS. BATTALION FIRST CAVALRY OF COLORADO,In the Field, December 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter. with detachment from Companies D, G, and K, First Cavalry of Colorado, numbering 125 men, and two howitzers, joined Colonel Chivington's brigade one mile below Fort Lyon at 8 p. m. November 28, proceeded with his command on Indian expedition, in a northeasterly direction, striking Sand Creek at daylight of the 29th November forty miles from Fort Lyon, when we came upon a herd of Indiana horses; was sent forward with my battalion to capture the stock. After proceeding about one mile came in sight of an Indian camp some two miles farther; immediately sent word to colonel commanding that an Indian camp was in sight, and proceeded with my command in the direction of the camp, which I reached just before sunrise. Found Lieutenant Wilson with a detachment of the First Cavalry of Colorado upon the right and south of the camp, and Lieutenant Dunn with a detachment of First Cavalry of Colorado, posted upon the west bank of Sand Creek, and opposite the camp, both commanders keeping up a brisk fire upon the camp; upon my nearing the camp upon the west side was attacked by a small force of Indians posted behind the bank of the creek, who commenced firing upon me with arrows. My command immediately opened fire upon the Indians, who had collected upon the opposite side of camp. Colonel Chivington coming up at this time, with Colonel Shoup's regiment, Third Colorado Cavalry, and two howitzers, charged through the camp, driving the Indians completely out of their camp and into the creek to the northward, where they took up positions under the bank and in holes, or rifle-pits, dug in the sand. The fighting now became general. The Indians fought desperately, apparently resolved to die upon that ground, but to injure us as much as possible before being killed. We fought them for about six hours along the creek for five miles. The loss to my command was 1 killed and 3 wounded. The loss to the entire command, 10 killed and 40 wounded. Lieutenant Baldwin, commanding the section of howitzers attached to my battalion, had a fine private horse shot from under him. Seven horses were killed from my command. The loss to the Indians was

