
about 500 killed, some 600 ponies, 130 lodges, with a large quantity of buffalo robes, and their entire camp equipage. The camp proved to be of Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians, and numbered about 1,100 persons, under the leadership of Black Kettle (head chief of the Cheyenne tribe). Black Kettle and three other chiefs were killed. All the command fought well, and observed all orders given them. We camped upon the ground occupied by the Indians the day before, destroyed the entire camp of the Indians, and then pushed rapidly in a southerly direction, in pursuit of Little Raven's camp of Arapahoes, reported to be on Arkansas River.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Battalion.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., December 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left this post (in company with Colonel Chivington's brigade) November 28 at 8 p. m., with 128 men of the First Cavalry of Colorado and two mountain howitzers. After a march of forty miles we found a camp of Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians and attacked them at daylight on the 29th. We captured from 500 to 600 head of stock, all their lodges and camp, and killed between 400 and 500 Indians. Our loss is 10 killed and 3 commissioned officers and 37 men wounded. The fight was very severe and lasted six hours. The dead Indians are strewn over about six miles. This has certainly been the most bloody and hard-fought Indian battle that has ever occurred on these plains. I have this day returned to Fort Lyon with the dead and wounded, and shall immediately rejoin Colonel Chivington's brigade, which is now moving toward the Arapahoe camp, on the Arkansas. The direction proposed to be taken afterward is to find the remainder of the Cheyennes, on Smoky Hill, and a band of Sioux reported to be in that neighborhood. The command will probably, fifteen days from this, be near Fort Larned, Kans., when I may be able to make more detailed report.

In the meantime I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado.

Lieutenant A. HELLIWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

I came to this post in considerable of a hurry. Told the adjutant to make the above report. Would have written more in detail, but for want of time. Am ordered to rejoin Colonel Chivington's brigade at once. Shall fight the balance of the Arapahoes before morning, I think. Colonel C. has a portion of the Third Regiment Colorado Cavalry with him. This regiment is 100-days' men. Their time expires in twenty days. We shall be greatly in need of troops when his command leaves. Our acting assistant surgeon has a large number of sick and wounded on his hands; too much for one good surgeon to attend to. Our present surgeon is incompetent to take charge of this hospital when no wounded are here, and has been so reported by the district medical director. Do try and send us a surgeon as soon as circumstances will admit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cav. of Colo., Commanding Detach. First Cav. of Colo.

