
her children. The Indians did not scalp our killed, but our men must have scalped 100 of theirs. One prisoner (half breed), son of John S. Smith, Indian interpreter, was taken and afterward killed in camp. One other prisoner, Charles Bent (son of Colonel William Bent), was taken, and sent to this post, where he is now confined. The massacre was a terrible one and such a one as each of the hostile tribes on the plains richly deserve. I think one such visitation to each hostile tribe would forever put an end to Indian was on the plains, and I regret exceedingly that this punishment could not have fallen upon some other band.

The estimate is variously made at from 200 to 500 Indians killed, 130 lodges destroyed, with all their cooking utensils, and about 650 ponies captured, and about 200 buffalo robes. Of the ponies 407 were turned in to the acting assistant quartermaster at this post and afterward taken by Colonel Shoup to Denver. About 225 were run off from the herd toward New Mexico by some parties with the command, sixty were found seventy miles up the river and returned to Colonel Shoup's command. The buffalo robes were mostly used for our wounded on the field. None of them are, however, in the hospital now. I suppose they were all taken to Denver. I shall look with some anxiety for more troops to arrive, prepared to visit the main camp of the Sioux and Cheyennes. Until that time shall continue to furnish escorts and to protect the trains traveling over the roads until further orders. I now have five parties out on scouts or escorts. Indian signs have been seen within twenty-five miles of the post for the last two days. Indians evidently traveling north toward the Smoky Hill or trying to ascertain whether or not it will be prudent for them to molest the road for the present. They are evidently trying to ascertain the strength of this garrison.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. Upper Ark., Fort Riley, Kans.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Judson J. Kennedy, First Colorado Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, FIRST COLORADO CAVALRY,Camp Scout Bend of Big Sandy, November 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of Company C, First Cavalry of Colorado, on an expedition against the Cheyenne Indians:

In pursuance of Special Orders from headquarters District of Colorado, Numbers 132, of November 13, 1864, I left Camp Wheeler, Colo. Ter., on the 20th of November, 1864, with forty-two men of Company C, First Cavalry of Colorado, en route for Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., a distance of 240 miles, at which place I arrived on the 28th of November, 1864. I left Fort Lyon at 8 p. m. the same day with thirty-five men of Company C, under command of First Lieutenant Luther Wilson, commanding battalion First Cavalry of Colorado. Made a march of forty miles to south bend of Big Sandy, Colo. Ter., at which place I arrived a little after daybreak on the morning of the 29th, where we

