
came upon a large village of hostile Cheyenne Indians, numbering from 900 to 1,000, which we immediately attacked, after which a general engagement ensued, which lasted until 3 p. m., and in which the Indians were defeated and nearly annihilated, after which we returned to the Indian village, which we helped to destroy, and then went into camp. I had 1 private (Oliver Pierson) mortally wounded (who has since died), 2 privates (August Mottge and John B. Calhoun) severely wounded; Sergt. M. H. Linnell, Saddler Elias South, and Privates C. J. Ballou, and William Boyles, slightly wounded. And I would most respectfully acknowledge to the colonel commanding the services rendered by my platoon commanders, Sergts. John C. Turner and M. H. Linnell; also recommend them for their bravery through the entire engagement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. KENNEDY,

Second Lieutenant, First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Company C.

[Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON.]

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Clark Dunn, First Colorado Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY E, FIRST CAVALRY OF COLORADO,Camp South Bend of Big Sandy, Colo. Ter., November 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of Company E, First Cavalry of Colorado, on an expedition against Indians:

On the 25th instant I left Camp Fillmore, with my company, pursuant to Special Orders Numbers 3, headquarters District of Colorado, dated in the field, November 23, 1864. I joined the column, then in the field, the same evening at Spring Bottom, thirty miles distant. I continued the march next day under command of Lieutenant Wilson, commanding battalion of First Cavalry of Colorado. We reached Fort Lyon, seventy miles farther down the Arkansas, on the 28th instant, about noon. About 7 o'clock the same evening I started from that place with eighteen men of my company, taking three days' cooked rations on our horses, and traveled in a northeasterly course till daylight next morning, traveling forty miles. At daylight we came in sight of a large village of hostile Indians (Cheyennes and Arapahoes), numbering 900 or 1,000, nearly two miles north of us. We immediately proceeded to the attack by moving down a small ravine and making a charge on the village from the north side, taking the Indians completely by surprise. They allied immediately, and the engagement became general and lasted till afternoon, when they were utterly routed and half their number left dead on the field. We continued the pursuit till 3 p. m., when, our horses being much fatigued and our ammunition nearly exhausted, we returned to the village, which we helped to destroy, and then went into camp for the night. I lost no men killed, and but 2 wounded. Sergeant Jackson had his hip broken, and Private Mull was shot through the leg.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK DUNN,

First Lieutenant, First Cav. of Colo., Commanding Company E.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

First Cavalry of Colorado.

