
that the historian will search in vain for braver deeds than were committed on that field of battle. My loss is 9 men killed, 1 missing, supposed to be killed, and 44 wounded. Captain Presley Talbot and Lieutenant C. H. Hawley are the only officers wounded of my regiment, Captain Talbot in left side and Lieutenant Hawley in shoulder.

Inclosed herewith you will find copy of the reports of my battalion commanders to me.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. SHOUP,

Colonel Third Colorado Cavalry.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Leavitt L. Bowen, Third Colorado Cavalry.

SAND CREEK, November 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you the reports of the company commanders of the First Battalion, commanded by myself, in the action of yesterday. I fully indorse all contained in those reports. All behaved well, each vying with the other as to who could do the enemy the most injury. This, I think, can truly be said of the whole regiment. I was in position during the action to see most of the regiment, and did not see one coward. Permit me to congratulate you upon the signal punishment meted out to the savages on yesterday, "who so ruthlessly have murdered our women and children," in the language of the colonel commanding, although I regret the loss of so many brave men. The Third Regiment cannot any longer be called in Denver the bloodless Third. From the most reliable information from actual count and positions occupied I have no doubt that at least 150 Indians were killed by my battalion. I cannot speak in terms of too high praise of the conduct of all the officers and men under my command. The war flag of this band of Cheyennes is in my possession, presented by Stephen D. Decatur, commissary sergeant, Company C, who acted as my battalion adjutant.

Very respectfully,

LEAVITT L. BOWEN,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Colorado Cavalry, Commanding First Battalion.

Colonel GEORGE L. SHOUP,

Commanding Third Regiment Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 7. Report of Major Hal Sayr, Third Colorado Cavalry.

CAMP, December 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battalion in the action of November 29, on Sand Creek:

Battalion consisted of Company B, Captain H. M. Orahood, First Lieutenant Charles H. Hawley, Second Lieutenant Harry Richmond, and 64 men; Company I,

