
Captain John McCannon, First Lieutenant Thomas J. Davis, and 53 men; Company G, Captain O. H. P. Baxter, Second Lieutenant A. J. Templeton, and 40 men; Company K, Lieutenant W. E. Grinnell, and 21 men, making a total of 178 men. Company I was sent at the beginning of the action to the west of the field, where they remained during the day; much of the time sustaining a heavy fire from the enemy, who were secreted under a high bank on south side of Sand Creek. This company did good service in preventing the escape of the Indians to the west. Companies B, G, and K moved across the creek and went into the action on the north side of the creek and west of the Indian town, where they remained for several hours, doing good service while under a heavy fire from the enemy who were concealed in rifle-pits in the bed of the creek. The action became general and lasted from 6.30 a. m. until 1 p. m., when the companies divided into small squads and went in pursuit of the Indians, who were now flying in every direction across the prairies, and were pursued until dark. Both officers and men conducted themselves bravely. The number of Indiana killed by the battalion, as estimated by company commanders, is about 175 to 200.

Casualties: Company B, Lieutenant Hawley wounded in shoulder; Private Manion wounded in thigh. Company I, 3 killed, 3 wounded. Company G, none killed or wounded. Company K, 2 killed and 2 wounded; making a total of 5 killed and 7 wounded.

Hoping the above will meet your approval, I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HAL SAYR,

Major, Commanding Second Batt., Third Colorado Cavalry.

Colonel GEORGE L. SHOUP,

Commanding Third Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain Theodore G. Cree, Third Colorado Cavalry.

CAMP SKEDADDLE, December 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the Third Battalion in the fight of the 29th November. They first formed on the left of the regiment in the rear of the village; then moved upon the right bank of the creek near one-half mile; then dismounted and fought the redskins about one hour, where the boys behaved like veterans. After finding that we had done all the good that we could do there, I moved Companies D and E (Company F having gone with Colonel Bowen's battalion) and moved to the right across the hill for the purpose of killing Indians that were making their escape to the right of the command in which movement we succeeded in killing many. I then made a detail from Company D of fifteen men and sent them to capture twenty ponies, which I could see some four miles to the right of the village, but before they had reached the ponies some twenty Indians attached them, when a fierce fight ensued, in which Private McFarland was killed in a hand-to-hand engagement. But like true soldiers the boys stood their ground, killing 5 Indians and wounding several others. The Indians finding it rather warm to be healthy, they left. The boys pursued them some eight or ten miles, and finding that they could [not] overtake them [returned], bringing with them the ponies they were sent for. I then returned with them to the

