
spare no efforts to secure the successful crossing of the troops. The force which accompanies General Taylor includes all the infantry in the District of West Louisiana, except one small regiment. It comprises the divisions of Walker and Polignac and the Louisiana brigade of General Allen. Thomas, a force of six brigades, numbering between 9,000 and 10,000 men. There remains in the District of Texas 2,880 infantry by the last report of June 30, and in the District of Arkansas 5,300 infantry. My information from Arkansas does not indicate the withdrawal of any portion of General Steele's force. The operations of our cavalry have kept him constantly employed, and have rather strengthened than weakened him in his position. For the interests of this department I regret the necessity which compels the removal of the infantry under General Taylor to the east bank of the Mississippi. It leaves me powerless to resist any movement of the enemy made in force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure N. 11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 193. Shreveport, La., August 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. The following officers are directed to report to Lieutenant General R. Taylor, Provisional Army, C. S., for duty, and accompany him east of the Mississippi River: Major E. Surget, assistant adjutant-general; Major W. M. Levy, assistant adjutant- general; Captain C. LeD. Elgee, assistant adjutant- general; Captain A. H. May, assistant adjutant- general; Captain A. J. Watt, aide- de- camp; Colonel J. L. Brent, chief of ordnance and artillery; Captain J. McCloskey, assistant quartermaster; Surg. P. B. McKelvey, medical director.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant- General.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated the 31st ultimo. He desires that if possible General Allen Thomas' brigade should cross the river, but if it is not possible it will have to remain, and the regiment at this place sent down instead.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure N. 12.]
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,Alexandria, August 4, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans- Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit for your consideration the following plan for crossing out troops to the east back of the Mississippi

