
position as a U. S. officer, highest in authority in the country, included within the bounds prescribed as the country of the Arapahoe and Cheyenne Nations, that I could offer them protection until such time as some measures might be taken by those higher in authority than myself in regard to them, I took with me seven of the principal chiefs, including Black Kettle, to Denver city, for the purpose of allowing them an interview with the Governor of Colorado, by that means making a mistake, of which I have since become painfully aware--that of proceeding with chiefs to the Governor of Colorado Territory, instead of to the headquarters of my district to my commanding officer.

In the consultation with Governor Evans the mater was referred entirely to the military authorities. Colonel J. M. Chivington, at that time commander of the District of Colorado, was present at the council held with these Indian chiefs, and told them that the whole matter was referred to myself, who would act toward them according to the best of my judgment until such time as I could receive instructions from the proper authorities. Returning to Fort Lyon I allowed the Indians to bring their villages to the vicinity of the post, including their squaws and papooses, and in such a position that I could at any moment with the garrison I had have annihilated them had they given any evidence of hostility of any kind in any quarter. I then immediately dispatched my adjutant, Lieutenant W. W. Denison, with a full statement to the commanding general of the department asking for instructions, but in the meanwhile various false rumors having reached district headquarters in regard to my course I was relieved from the command of Fort Lyon and ordered to report at headquarters. Major Scott J. Anthony, First Cavalry of Colorado, who had been ordered to assume command of Fort Lyon previous to my departure, held a consultation with the chiefs in my presence and told them that, though acting under strict orders, under the circumstances he could not materially differ from the course which I had adopted, and allowed them to remain in the vicinity of the post with their families, assuring them perfect safety until such time as positive orders should be received from headquarters in regard to them. I left the post on the 25th day of November for the purpose of reporting at district headquarters. On the second day after leaving Fort Lyon, while on the plains, I was approached by three Indians, one of whom stated to me that he had been sent by Black Kettle to warn me that about 200 Sioux warriors had proceeded down the road between where I was and Fort Larned to make war, and desired that I should be careful--another evidence of these Indians' good faith. All of his statement proved afterward to be correct. Having an escort of twenty-eight men, I proceeded on my way, but did not happen to fall in with them. From evidence of officers at this post I understand that on the 27th day of November, 1864, Colonel J. M. Chivington, with the Third Regiment of Colorado Cavalry (100-days' men) and a battalion of the First Colorado Cavalry, arrived at Fort Lyon, ordered a portion of the garrison to join him under the command of Major Scott J. Anthony, and against the remonstrance of the officers of the post, who stated to him the circumstances of which he was well aware, attacked the cam of friendly Indians, the major portion of which were composed of women and children.

The affidavits which become a portion of this report will show more particularly than I can state the full particulars of that massacre. Every one of whom I have spoken to, either officers or soldier, agree in the relation that the most fearful atrocities were committed that ever was heard of. Women and children were killed and scalped, children

