
the Indian camp by permission of the commanding officer of this post, another evidence to the fact of these same Indians being regarded as friendly, also that Colonel Chivington states in his official report that he fought from 900 to 1,000 Indians, and left from 500 to 600 dead upon the field--the sworn evidence being that there was but 500 souls in the village, two-thirds of them being women and children, and that there were but from 60 to 70 killed, the major portion of which were women and children. It will take many more troops to give security to travelers and settlers in this country, and t make any kind of successful warfare against these Indians. I am at work placing Fort Lyon in a state of defense, having all, both citizens and soldiers, located here, employed upon the works, and expect soon to have them completed, and of such a nature that a comparatively small garrison can hold the fort against any attack by Indians. Hoping that my report may receive the particular attention of the colonel commanding, I respectfully submit the same.

Your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major, Commanding First Colorado Vet. Cav. and Fort Lyon.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, February 11, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for the information of the general commanding.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 28, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the army, through headquarters Division of the Missouri.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 2, 1865.

The within papers and affidavits relating to the Chivington massacre are forwarded for the information of the War Department.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,March 6, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Adjutant-General's Office.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

