
[Fifth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 8, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sixth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 11, 1865.

Referred to the Judge-Advocate-General to report what action can be taken to bring Colonel Chivington to punishment and justice.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

COLORADO SUPERINTENDENCY,

Denver, Colo. Ter., June 16, 1864.

Major S. G. COLLEY,

Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: You will immediately make necessary arrangements for the feeding and support of all the friendly Indians of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians at Fort Lyon, and direct the friendly Comanches and Kiowas, if any, to remain at Fort Larned. You will make a requisition on the military commander of the post for subsistence for the friendly Indians of his neighborhood. If no agent there to attend to this deputize some one to do it. These friendly bands must be collected at places of rendezvous and all intercourse between them and tribes or individuals engaged in warfare with us prohibited. This arrangement will tend to withdraw from the conflict all who are not thoroughly identified with the hostile movement, and by affording a safe refuge, will gradually collect those who may become tired of war and desire peace. The war is opened in earnest, and upon your efforts to keep quiet the friendly as nucleus for peace will depend its duration to some extend at least. You can send word to all these tribes to come as directed above, but do not allow the families of those at war to be introduced into the friendly camp. I have established a camp for our northern friendly bands on Cache la Poudre, and as soon as my plan is approved by the military, I will issue a proclamation to the Indians. Please spare no effort to carry out this instruction, and keep me advised by every mail of the situation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor and Ex Officio Supt. of Indian Affairs.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Denver, Colo. Ter., June 29, 1864.

Major S. G. COLLEY,

U. S. Indian Agent, Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: I inclose a circular to the Indians of the plains. You will be every means you can get the contents to all of these Indians, as many that are now hostile may come to the friendly camp, and when

