
Fort Lyon, and has continued to serve in that capacity up to the present date. That on the 4th day of September, 1864, by order of Major E. W. Wynkoop, commanding post of Fort Lyon, he was called upon to hold a conversation with three Cheyenne Indians, viz, One Eye and two others, who had been brought into the post that day; that the result of the interview was as follows: One Eye, Cheyenne, stated that the principal chiefs and sub-chiefs of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations had held a consultation, and agreed to a man of the chiefs and sub-chiefs to come or send some one who was well acquainted with the parties at the post, and finally agreed to send in himself, One Eye, with a paper written by George Bent, half-breed, to the effect that they (the Cheyennes and Arapahoes) had an did agree to turn over to Major E. W. Wynkoop, or any other military authority, all the white prisoners they had in their possession, as they were all anxious to make peace with the whites and never desired to be at war. Major E. W. W. Wynkoop then asked One Eye, he having lived among whites and known to have always been friendly disposed toward them, whether he thought the Indians were sincere, and whether they would deliver the white prisoners into his (Major Wynkoop's) hands. His reply was, that at the risk of his life he would guarantee their sincerity. Major Wynkoop then told him that he would detain him as a prisoner for the time, and if he concluded to proceed to the Indian camp he would take him along and hold him as a hostage for their (the Indians) good faith. One Eye also stated that the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations were congregated to the number of 2,000 on the headwaters of the Smoky Hill, including some forty lodges of Sioux; that they had rendezvoused there and brought in their war parties for the purpose of hearing what would be the result of their message by which they had sued for peace, and would remain until they heard something definite. Major Wynkoop told One Eye that he would proceed to the Indian camp and take him with him. One Eye replied that he was perfectly willing to be detained a prisoners as well as to remain a hostage for the good faith of the Indians, but desired the major to start as soon as possible for fear the Indians might separate.

On the 6th day of September I was ordered to proceed with Major Wynkoop and his command in the direction of the Indian encampment. After a four days' march we came in sight of the Indians, and one of the three Indians before mentioned was sent to acquaint the chiefs with what was the object of the expedition, with the statement that Major Wynkoop desired to hold a consultation with the chiefs. On the 10th day of September, 1864, the consultation was held between Major Wynkoop and his officers, and the principal chiefs of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations. Major Wynkoop stated through me to the chiefs that he had received their message; that acting on that he had come to talk with them; asked them whether they all agreed to and indorsed the contents of the letter, which he had in his possession, and which had been brought in by One Eye. Receiving an answer in the affirmative, he then told the chiefs that he had not the authority to conclude terms of peace with them, but that he desired to make a proposition to them to the effect that if they would give him evidence of their good faith by delivering into his hands the white prisoners they had in their possession he would endeavor to procure for them peace, which would be subject to conditions; that he would take with him what principal chiefs they might select, and conduct them in safety to the Governor of Colorado, and whatever might be the result of their interview with him, return them in safety to their tribe. Black Kettle, the head chief of the Cheyenne Nation, replied as follows:

