
That the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations had always endeavored to observe the terms of their treaty with the United States Government; that some years previously, when the white emigration first commenced coming to what is now the Territory of Colorado, the country which was in possession of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations, they could have successfully made war against them (the whites). They did not desire to do so--had invariably treated the with kindness, and had never, to their knowledge, committed any destruction whatever; that until the last few months they had gotten along in perfect peace and harmony with their white brethren, but while a hunting party of their young men were proceeding north in the neighborhood of the South Platte River, having found some loose stock belonging to white men, which they were taking to a ranch to deliver them up, they were suddenly confronted by a party of U. S. soldiers, and ordered to deliver up their arms. A difficulty immediately ensued, which resulted in the killing and wounding several on both sides. A short time after this occurrence took place a village of papooses, squaws, and old men, located on what is known as the Cedar Canon, a short distance north of the South Platte River, who were perfectly unaware of any difficulty having occurred between any portion of their tribe (Cheyenne) and the whites, were attacked by a large party of soldiers, and some of them killed, and their ponies driven off. After this, while a body of U. S. troops were proceeding from the Smoky Hill to the Arkansas River, they reached the neighborhood of Scan Bear's band of the Cheyenne Nation; Scan Bear, second chief of the Cheyenne, approached the column of troops alone, his warriors remaining off some distance, he not dreaming that there was any hostility between his nation and the whites. He was immediately shot down. Fire opened upon his band, the result of which was a fight between the two parties. Presuming from all these circumstances that war was inevitable, the young men of the Cheyenne Nation commenced to retaliate by committing various depredations, all the time of which he (Black Kettle) and other principal chiefs of the Cheyenne Nation was opposed to and endeavored by all means in their power to restore pacific relations between that tribe and their white brethren, but at various times, when endeavoring to approach the military post for the purpose of accomplishing the same, were fired upon and driven off. In the meantime, while their brethren and allies, the Arapahoes, were on perfectly friendly terms with the whites, and left Hand's band of that nation were camped in close vicinity to Fort Larned, Left Hand, one of the principal chiefs of the Arapahoe Nation, learning that it was the intention of the Kiowas on a certain day to drive off the stock from Fort Larned, proceeded to the commanding officer of that post and informed him of the fact.

No attention was paid to the information he gave, and on the day indicated the Kiowas ran off the stock. Left Hand again approached the post with a portion of his warriors for the purpose of offering his services to the commanding officer there, to pursue and endeavor to regain the stock from the Kiowa Indians, when he was fired upon and obliged hastily to leave. The young men of the Arapahoe Nation supposing it was the intention of the whites to make war upon them, as well as the Cheyennes, also commenced retaliating as well as they were able and against the desire of most of their principal chiefs, who, as well as Black Kettle and other chiefs of the Cheyenne, were bitterly opposed to hostility with the whites. He then said that he had lately heard of a proclamation issued by the Governor of Colorado, inviting all friendly-disposed Indians to come into the different military posts and that they would be protected by the Government. Under these circumstances,

