
although he thought the whites had been the aggressors and forced the trouble upon the Indians, and anxious for the welfare of his people, he had made this last effort to communicate again with the military authority, and he was glad he succeeded. He then arose, shook hands with Major Wynkoop and his officers, stating that he was still as he always had been, a friend to the whites, and as far as he was concerned he was willing to deliver up the white prisoners or anything that was required of him to procure peace, knowing it to be for the good of his people, but that there were other chiefs who still thought that they were badly treated by the "white brethren" who were willing to make peace, but who felt unwilling to deliver up the prisoners simply on the promise of Major Wynkoop that he would endeavor to procure them peace. They desired that the delivering up the white prisoners should be an assurance of peace. He also went on to state that even if Major Wynkoop's proposition was not accepted there by the chiefs assembled, and although they had sufficient force to entirely overpower Major Wynkoop's small command, that from the fact that he had come in good faith to hold this consultation, that he should return unmolested to Fort Lyon. The expressions of other chiefs were to the effect that they insisted upon peace as the condition of their delivering up the white prisoners.

Major Wynkoop finally replied that he repeated what he had said before, that it was not in his power to insure them peace, and that all he had to say in closing was, that they might think about his proposition; that he would march to a certain locality, distant twelve miles, and there await the result of their consultation for two days; advising them at the same time to accede to his proposition as the best means of procuring that peace for which they were anxious. The white prisoners were brought in and turned over to Major Wynkoop before the time had expired set by him, and Black Kettle, White Antelope, and Bull Bear, of the Cheyenne Nation, as well as Nevah Nattanee, Borcee, and Heap Buffalo, of the Arapahoe Nation--all these chiefs delivered themselves over to Major Wynkoop. We then proceeded to Fort Lyon, and from there to Denver, Colo. Ter., at which place Governor Evans held a consultation with these chiefs, the result of which was as follows: He told them he had nothing to do with them; that they would return with Major Wynkoop, who would reconduct them in safety, and they would have to await the actions of military authorities. Colonel Chivington, then in command of the district, also told them that they would remain at the disposal of Major Wynkoop until higher authority had acted in their case. The Indians appeared to be perfectly satisfied, presuming that they would eventually be all right as soon as these authorities could be heard from, and expressed themselves so. Black Kettle embraced the Governor and Major Wynkoop, and shook hands with all the other officials present, perfectly contented, deeming that the matter was settled. On our return [to] Fort Lyon I was told by Major Wynkoop to say to the chiefs that they could bring their different bands, including their families, to the vicinity of the post until he had heard from the Big Chief; that he preferred to have them under his eye and away from other quarters, where they were likely to get into difficulties with the whites. The chiefs replied that they were willing to do anything Major Wynkoop might choose to dictate, as they had perfect confidence in him. Accordingly the chiefs went after their families and villages, and brought them in; they appeared satisfied that they were in perfect security and safety after their villages were located, and Major Wynkoop had sent an officer to headquarters for instructions. He (Major Wynkoop) was relieved from command of the

