
post by Major Scott J. Anthony, and I was ordered to interpret for him (Major Anthony) in a consultation he desired to hold with these Indians.

The consultation that then took place between Major Anthony and these Indians was as follows:

Major Anthony told him that he had been sent here to relieve Major Wynkoop, and that he would from that time be in command of this post; that he had come here under orders from the commander of all the troops in this country, and that he had orders to have nothing to do with Indians whatever, for they heard at headquarters that the Indians had lately been committing depredations, &amp;c., in the very neighborhood of this post, but that since his arrival he had learned that these reports were all false; that he would write to headquarters himself and correct the rumors in regard to them, and that he would have no objection to their remaining in the vicinity of Sand Creek, where they were then located, until such a time as word might be received from the commander of the department; that he himself would forward a complete statement of all that he had seen or heard in regard to them, and that he was in hopes that he would have some good news for the Indians upon receiving an answer, but that he was sorry that his orders were such as to render it impossible for him to make them any issues whatever. The Indians them replied that it would be impossible for them to remain any great length of time, as they were short of provisions. Major Anthony then told them that they could let their villages remain where they were, and could send their young men out to hunt buffaloes, as he understood that the buffaloes had lately come close in. The Indians appeared to be a little dissatisfied with the change in the commanders of the post, fearing that it boded them no good, but having received assurances of safety from Major Anthony, they still had no fears of their families being disturbed. On the 26th of November I received permission from Major Scott J. Anthony, commanding post, to proceed to the Indian village on Sand Creek for the purpose of trading with the Indians, and started, accompanied by a soldier named David H. Louderback, and a citizen, R. Watson Clarke. I reached the village and commenced to trade with them. On the morning of the 29th of November the village was attacked by Colonel J. M. Chivington, with a command of from 900 to 1,000 men. The Indian village numbered about 100 lodges, counting all together 500 souls, two-thirds of which were women and children. From my observation I do not think there were over sixty Indians that made any defense. I rode over the field after the slaughter was over, and counted from sixty to seventy dead bodies, a large majority of which were women and children, all of whose bodies had been mutilated in the most horrible manner. When the troops first approached, I endeavored to join them, but was repeatedly fired upon, also the soldier and the citizen with me. When the troops began approaching I saw Black Kettle, the head chief, hoist the American flag over his lodge, as well as a white flag, fearing there might be some mistake as to who they were. After the fight Colonel Chivington returned with his command in the direction of Fort Lyon, and then proceeded down the Arkansas River.

JOHN S. SMITH,

U. S. Interpreter.

Sworn and subscribed to at Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., this 27th day of January, 1865.

W. P. MINTON,

Second Lieutenant, First New Mexico Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

