
their hats while riding in the ranks. All these matters were a subject of general conversation, and could not help being known by Colonel J. M. Chivington.

JAMES D. CANNON,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry, New Mexico Volunteers.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 27th day of January, 1865, at Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter.

W. P. MINTON,

Second Lieutenant, First New Mexico Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., January 27, 1865.

Personally appeared before me Second Lieutenant W. P. Minton, First Regiment New Mexico Infantry Volunteers, and Lieutenant C. M. Cossitt, First Cavalry of Colorado, who, after being duly sworn, say:

That on the 28th day of November, 1864, Colonel J. M. Chivington, with the Third Regiment of Colorado Cavalry (100-days' men) and a battalion of the First Cavalry of Colorado, arrived at this post, and on the 29th of November attacked a village of friendly Indians in this vicinity, and according to representations made by others in our presence, murdered their women and children and committed the most horrible outrages upon the dead bodies of the same; that the aforesaid Indians were recognized as friendly by all parties at this post, under the following circumstances, viz: That Major E. W. Wynkoop, formerly commander of the post, had given them assurances of safety until such time as he could hear from the commanding general of the department, in consequence of their having sued for peace and given every evidence of their sincerity by delivering up the white prisoners they had in their possession; by congregating their families together and leaving them at the mercy of the garrison of Fort Lyon, who could have massacred them at any moment they felt so disposed; that upon Major Wynkoop being relieved from the command of Fort Lyon, and Major Scott J. Anthony assuming command of the same, it was still the understanding between Major Anthony and the Indians that they could rest in the security guaranteed them by Major Wynkoop. Also that Colonel J. M. Chivington on his arrival at the post of Fort Lyon was aware of the circumstances in regard to these Indians, from the fact that different officers remonstrated with him, and stated to him how these Indians were looked upon by the entire garrison; that notwithstanding these remonstrances, and in the face of all these facts he committed the massacre aforementioned.

W. P. MINTON,

Second Lieutenant, First Infantry, New Mexico Volunteers.

C. M. COSSITT,

First Lieutenant, First Cavalry of Colorado.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 27th day of January, 1865.

W. W. DENISON,

Second Lieutenant, First Colo. Vet. Cav., Acting Regtl. Adjt.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., January 16, 1865.

Personally appeared before me Captain R. A. Hill, First New Mexico Volunteer Infantry, who, after being duly sworn, says:

That as an officer in the service of the United States he was on duty at Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., at the time there was an understanding between the chiefs of the Arapahoe and Cheyenne Nations and Major E.

