
W. Wynkoop with regard to their resting in safety with their villages in the vicinity of Fort Lyon, until such time as orders in regard to them could be received from the commanding general of the department; that after Major Wynkoop being relieved from the command of Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., the same understanding existed between Major Scott J. Anthony and the aforesaid Indians. That to the best of his knowledge and belief the village of Indians massacred by Colonel J. M. Chivington on the 29th day of November, 1864, were the same friendly Indians heretofore referred to.

R. A. HILL,

Captain, First Infantry, New Mexico Volunteers.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 27th day of January, 1865.

W. P. MINTON,

Second Lieutenant, First Infantry, New Mexico Vols., Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., January 27, 1865.

Personally appeared before me Private David H. Louderback, First Cavalry of Colorado, and R. W. Clarke, citizen, who, after being duly sworn, say:

That they accompanied John S. Smith, U. S. Indian interpreter, on the 26th day of November, 1864, by permission of Major Scott J. Anthony, commanding post of Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., to the village of the friendly Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians on Sand Creek, close to Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., he (John S. Smith) having received permission to trade with the aforesaid friendly Indians; that on the morning of the 29th day of November, 1864, the said Indian village was attacked while deponents were in the same by Colonel J. M. Chivington with a command of about 1,000 men; that according to their best knowledge and belief the entire Indian village was composed of not more than 500 souls, two-thirds of which were women and children; that the dead bodies of women and children were afterward mutilated in the most horrible manner; that it was the understanding of the deponents, and the general understanding of the garrison of Fort Lyon, that this village were friendly Indians; that they had been allowed to remain in the locality they were then in by permission of Major Wynkoop, former commander of the post, and by Major Anthony, then in command, as well as from the fact that permission had been given John S. Smith and the deponents to visit the said camp for the purpose of trading.

R. W. CLARKE.

DAVID H. LOUDERBACK.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 27th day of January, 1865.

W. P. MINTON,

Second Lieutenant, New Mexico Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

NOVEMBER 29-DECEMBER 3, 1864.--Scout from Warrensburg to the Greenton Valley, Mo.

Report of Captain Murline C. Henslee, Company L, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. CO. L, SEVENTH CAV. MO. STATE MILITIA,December 3, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your order I left the town of Warrensburg, Mo., on the evening of November 29, 1864, at 6 o'clock, in command of

