
a detachment of twenty-five men of the Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Lieutenant Barkley and twenty men of the First Cavalry Missouri, State Militia. I moved direct to Columbia, then to Hall's Mills, and encamped for the night. Next morning left camp at daylight; went direct to Big Grove, near the head of Greenton Valley, thoroughly scouting the grove through. Found no signs of guerrillas. Heard of five being in there a day or two before. From there I moved down Greenton Valley to Greenton; from there to Wellington and encamped for the night. Soon after arriving at Wellington we got on a chase after six bushwhackers, who went up the river; followed them three miles, then returned to Wellington, and met Captain Jackson, of the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and thirty men of his command from Pleasant Hill, who reported to me for orders.

The next morning, December 1, 1864, I divided my command into three squadrons. I sent Captain Jackson and thirty men, with instructions to thoroughly scout the brush and timber up the Snibar, and to meet me at night at a school-house three miles west of the Snibar bridge on the road leading from Wellington to Lone Jack. I also sent Lieutenant Barkley and twenty men immediately up Missouri River, with orders to meet me at Fire Creek bridge, twelve miles from Wellington, on the Independence road. I went up the Independence road to the bridge with the remainder of my command; crossed a trail of six guerrillas near the bridge. After meeting Lieutenant Barkley I divided our forces or command again and thoroughly scouted the Fire Creek settlement through. Saw but little sign and could hear of but six being in there for some time. We got two contraband horses and one mule in that settlement on the edge of Jackson County. We crossed over to the Snibar; went down until we met Captain Jackson and command at the above designated school-house, and encamped for the night. Next morning crossed to the south side of the Snibar and divided the command again into three divisions. Captain Jackson moved up Haw Creek south in the direction of Chapel Hill with his squadron. I sent Lieutenant Barkley and twenty men east to the edge of the brush in Greenton Valley, then to go south. Myself and the remainder of the command moved down the Snibar until we came to Greenton Valley. There we got on another chase after four bushwhackers; followed them up the valley and into the Big Grove and left them deep in the brush near Mrs. Welsh's, who is famous for harboring such villains. I left her a written notice to leave that settlement and county within ten days. I then went on, thoroughly scouting the country through to Chapel Hill, and there met the other scouts. They had seen five guerrillas in their travels to this place. I sent Captain Jackson and his squadron on south, with instructions to thoroughly scout the country between Basin Knob and Pleasant Hill, and return to Pleasant Hill; and next day I moved, with the remainder of the command, to Offit's Knob and encamped for the night. Heard of some six or seven bushwhackers being in that section of country nearly every day for some time past.

This morning, December 3, 1864, I moved from Offit's Knob to Hall's Mills; from Hall's Mills direct to Warrensburg, Mo. Arrived at 2 p. m., bringing in with me and turned over to Captain Ferguson, provost-marshal at Warrensburg, Mo., three contraband horses and one mule.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

M. C. HENSLEE,

Captain Company L, Seventh Cav. Mo. State Mil., Commanding Scout.

Major THOMAS W. HOUTS,

Commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

