
DECEMBER 1, 1864.--Skirmish near Cypress Creek, Perry County, Ark.

Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry.

LEWISBURG, December 2, 1864--10 a. m.

CAPTAIN: Captain Marvin M. Gates, Company C, Third Arkansas Cavalry, was killed yesterday skirmishing with the enemy near Cypress Creek, Perry County, nine miles from this place. Captain Gates with two men was in the advance and came upon five of the enemy, who left the road and took the bushes. Gates charged and fell. None of the enemy escaped. One of them was identified as the noted guerrilla Woods, formerly a resident of this place. Captain Gates was a valuable and efficient officer and formerly a member of the First Missouri Cavalry.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 1-3, 1864.--Operations in the vicinity of Waynesville, Mo.

with skirmish (2nd) on the Big Piney.

Report of Major John B. Kaiser, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST WAYNESVILLE,Waynesville, Mo., December 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a scout sent out from this post on the 1st instant, and which returned to-day, succeeded in killing 3 bushwhackers, by name of Lewis Williams, L. S. Williams, and Levi Clark, all formerly members of Company C, Forty-eighth Infantry Missouri Volunteers, and who deserted about the time of the raid. They were found about thirty miles southeast from this place on Big Piney, secreted in a cave. I inclose pass found on the person of I. S. Williams, which goes to show that they belonged to Campbell's company of guerrillas, who have been ranging in that country for some time past. I also sent a scout of six men on the same day in a northeast direction who returned yesterday and who succeeded in killing a bad character by the name of Charles Withers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. KAISER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla, Mo.

DECEMBER 1-5, 1864.--Expedition from Helena, Ark., to Friar's Point, Miss.

Report of Captain George A. Willis, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY I, FIFTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Helena, Ark., December 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions received from General Buford, I left Helena on the 1st instant

