
with a detail of ten men and proceeded to Fort Rinney, where I was joined by Lieutenant Phelps with twelve men. We crossed to Friar's Point about sundown and remained there until 6 a. m. on the 2nd, when we marched on the Sheriff Ridge road to Shufordsville and there captured Private William Allen, Thirty-third Mississippi Regiment; examined the post-office; found no letters. We then went to Doctor Killetren's, county clerk. It was reported that he had been absent two or three days. John Clark was not at home; I could not learn that he had collected any taxes and could find no funds in the house. At Mr. Clark's I ordered Lieutenant Phelps to take ten men and cross the bayou to Bobo's and with the balance of the command I went to Eugene Garth's. Mrs. Garth said that he had gone to Grenada to report and would return that night; told her to have him report of Friar's Point. Could not find the papers reported concealed. I then went to Hopson's; found Doctor Nasfliet; he was sick; did not take him. Joseph Hopson died about four weeks ago. Returned to Bobo's. Lieutenant Phelps reported that Bobo and Tom Glenn had escaped. He captured Captain Gibson, assistant provost-marshal-general, in the cane back of Bobo's house. We camped for the night at Fowler's. Returned to Friar's Point in the morning. Major Wayne, I learned, was on the Tallahatchie River. The following are the names of persons whom I ordered to report to Colonel Fitch, at Friar's Point: C. L. George, John S. Camack, P. C. Dickerson, L. P. Dickerson, E. J. Eastham,

-----

Schonford, Dr. J. A. Peace,

------

Hamilton. We took from Frank Irwin's place a large bay horse which was tied out in the timber. I could find no maps of the county or State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. WILLIS,

Captain Company I, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Lieutenant LOUIS SOUTHER,

Adjutant.

DECEMBER 1-31, 1864.--Operations in Central Arkansas.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

December 1, 1864.--Expedition down the Arkansas River to Pine Bluff.

6, 1864.--Expedition from Brownsville to Des Arc, with skirmish near Des Arc.

7-13, 1864.--Expedition from Brownsville to Arkansas Post.

16, 1864.--Skirmish near Dudley Lake.

27-28, 1864.--Scout from Pine Bluff to Simpson's Plantation.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.--Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps, Brigadier General Joseph R. West, U. S. Army, commanding.

Numbers 2.--Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 3.--Captain Gurnsey W. Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 4.--Major Gilbert J. Hudson, Third Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 5.--Captain James G. Butler, Third Michigan Cavalry.

