
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Washington F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.

BROWNSVILLE, December 7, 1864--7.30 a. m.

SIR: A detachment of the Ninth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, fifty men, under command of Lieutenant Harmon, whom I had sent out for beef-cattle, had a skirmish on yesterday morning with a detachment of Adams' command, six miles west of Des Arc. We had 2 men wounded and 5 horses killed; 3 of the enemy were killed. A detachment of the Eighth [Missouri] Volunteer Cavalry, under command of Captain Langston, has just returned from Peach Orchard Gap. They killed 1 bushwhacker and captured Captain Jeff. Allison and 5 horses. I would like to cross White River, as soon as Major Childress returns, and try and clean out McCray and Dobbin.

Respectfully,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Gurnsey W. Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., December 28, 1864.

SIR: I have to report my scout of 100 men in search of beef-cattle returned at 5 o'clock this evening, bringing in 78 head of cattle, 51 head of which were receipted for as follows, to wit: John Simpson (colored), 17 head, estimated weight 3,000 pounds, $120; Catherine O'Neil, 4 head, estimated weight 900 pounds, $36; John O'Neil, 6 head, estimated weight 1,800 pounds, $72; John Harvey, 4 head, estimated weight 1,000, $40; John Patterson, 5 head, estimated weight 1,250, $50; Henry Tompkins (colored), 7 head, estimated weight 1,400, $56; William Moore, 8 head, estimated weight 1,700, $68. I prevented as far as possible the driving of milch cows and work oxen. We met with no enemy to speak of except a few bushwhackers, three of whom we encountered on our way down and to whom my advance guard gave chase. I ascertained their names to be Kit Flyn, James Bloom, and John T. Brent. I learn they, with others of the same profession, make a kind of headquarters at the house of another man living on the river, by the name of Brent, a relative of one of the party. Upon such information I arrested Brent, also another suspicious looking man found at his house, and sent them to Pine Bluff by the fleet. Brent denied having seen Flyn and party since his (Flyn's) former capture, and in less than five minutes after my advance guard discovered them in ambush armed and apparently awaiting an opportunity to fire and then run, as they usually do. They fled as before stated. I also picked up one Confederate soldier and sent in with them. I proceeded down the lower river road as far as Henry Simpson's plantation, some twenty miles, where I camped for the night. Started on our return at daylight this morning, driving cattle as we found them. As my advance came in sight of McDaniel's, just below Richland, they discovered a woman run out from the house the back way and wave her bonnet, and upon such signal some men were seen running

62 R R--VOL XLI, PT I

