
from an old gin-house in the field. I rode up to the house and questioned the lady. She professed to know nothing of any men being concealed there or about her premises. I passed on to the heard of the column and had but just reached it when my rear guard were fired upon by five men they discovered in the same direction of those seen by the advance and doubtless the same to whom the signal was made. The rear guard returned a few shots and the party fled back into the brush. Fortunately no one was injured of my men. I could learn of but one company (under a Captain Willis) of about forty men having been in that region of country lately. I think all reports of a large force fictitious.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. DAVIS,

Captain, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Gilbert J. Hudson, Third Michigan Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD MICHIGAN CAVALRY,

Brownsville, Ark., December 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to represent that, in pursuance of instructions received from your headquarters, I left camp on the morning of the 7th instant with Companies A, L, M, H, and K, and proceeded to a point four miles northeast of Jones' Island, where I remained during the night. From thence on the following day I proceeded by way of the upper Arkansas Post road to George's farm, twelve miles from Arkansas Post. Here I found that a sort of bayou or slough, extending east and from Bayou Metoe, was impassable, and on the 9th instant I proceeded to a point on the lower Arkansas Post road, fifteen miles distant from my destination, and encamped. On the following day, 10th instant, I proceeded to Arkansas Post with my command and remained in that vicinity during the 11th instant, sending parties along the river above and below, and scouting the country thoroughly in all directions. I ascertained that a Confederate force, 300 strong, mostly recruits from Missouri, under command of a Major Majors, had crossed White River at Crockett's Bluff, during the week previous, and had succeeded in reaching the opposite side of the Arkansas River without opposition near the mouth of Bayou Metoe on the 6th instant. I learned nothing of further interest in relation to the enemy, except that it was rumored that there were 700 or 800 recruits and conscripts for Price's army, of whom the 300 above referred to were said to be a part, in the northern portion of the State, awaiting a favorable opportunity to reach the south side of the Arkansas River. I captured 5 prisoners as follows: Private James A. Henderson, Third Missouri Infantry (Hood's army); Private William Gregory (recruit from Missouri to report to Shelby); Private A. P. Crowder, First Arkansas Cavalry (Price's army); Private G. W. Thompson, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Price's army); Dr. J. C. Miller. The latter claims not to belong to the service, but was taken under suspicious circumstances. The former claims to be a deserter from Hood's army. I also collected 400 head of cattle, and reached camp on the night of the 13th instant without loss or accident.

