
I experienced the greatest difficulty in procuring forage for my stock, and was forced at times to depend upon the dry grass of the prairie for sustenance for them.

G. J. HUDSON,

Major Third Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

First Lieutenant JACKSON ELMER,

Adjutant Third Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain James G. Butler, Third Michigan Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY F, THIRD MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Brownsville, Ark., December 19, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from regimental headquarters I started south on the evening of the 15th instant with a detachment of seventy-five men from Companies F, E, and G, crossed Bayou Metoe at Eagle's Ford without difficulty, and camped at Smith's Mill, sixteen miles distant. In this neighborhood are from 3,000 to 5,000 bushels corn, principally in the field. On the 16th detached my command on three different roads leading south, concentrating before reaching Flyn's farm, near Dudley Lake, where I encountered a party of the enemy. Mortally wounded 1 and captured 3, together with the horses, arms, and equipments of the entire party. Camped on the premises, and on the 17th sent a patrol of ten men toward Dudley Lake, leaving Lieutenant Callender and twenty men with the prisoners and led horses to await its return and then move back to Smith's Mill. With F and E, forty-five men, I proceeded to Sommers' farm, five miles west, where I came upon another party; took 1 prisoner, with a rebel mail going south; also 4 horses, arms, and equipments, including those of a rebel lieutenant, who escaped to the swamp. Returned by a circuitous route and camped with the balance of my command at Smith's Mill. On the 18th sent ten men five miles west on Little Rock road, who joined me before reaching the bayou, over which I had to swim the horses and raft my wagon, it having risen some four feet in consequence of heavy rains. Returned to camp without a casualty. Distance traveled, eighty miles. I destroyed large quantities of forage at points known as the haunts of guerrillas, about forty miles distant and inaccessible to wagons from our line. The country is a low flat bottom land, heavily timbered, and frequently covered with water for miles in extent, with an occasional farm affording an abundance of forage.

Prisoners.

Howell B. Watton, private, Company G, First Arkansas Cavalry, dangerously wounded through the body; paroled and left.

C. S. Ray and Ira Sanders, privates, Company G, First Arkansas Cavalry; delivered to provost-marshal.

F. H. Flyn, private, Company F, Carlton's regiment; delivered to provost-marshal.

William C. Edwards, assigned to Messenger's battalion; delivered to provost-marshal.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. BUTLER,

Captain, Third Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant JACKSON ELMER,

Adjutant Third Michigan Cavalry.

