
apparent, for if troops arrive east of the river without the preparation, time, will be required there to place them in the field. I trust the views of Colonel Douglas will meet your approval.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant- General.

[NOTE ON ORIGINAL.]- Plan not inclosed,it being too inconvenient to handle, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 13.]
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,Alexandria, August 4, 1864.

Captain J. G. MEEM, Jr.,

Aide- de- Camp.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to address you relative to torpedoes which I desire to use in connection with our movements on hand, and to request that your bring it to the notice of the commanding general, who can decide whether to use them. I wish 100 torpedoes of 50 pounds each, constructed on the plan of those previously constructed at Shreveport, to place above and below the point at which we may propose to cross the river on a checkered line across the stream. We have 20; 100 more will be sufficient. I would also recommend that the three heavy guns on the Missouri be shipped in flat- boats, to be taken and placed in battery opposite the proposed point of crossing,and that eight siege guns on siege carriages be dispatched immediately from Texas,via Niblett's Bluff, to this point to be used in a similar manner. The heavy guns can be placed in position during one night at the time that the crossing by means of row-boats is going on, and if they serve their purpose we can well afford to throw them in the Mississippi River. The torpedoes will be a valuable auxiliary, and we should spare no means to insure the success of our undertakings. Powder should be gotten ready also- blasting if possible- if not, eleven- inch gunpowder. I desire also to respectfully recommend that the four siege guns at Shreveport be immediately mounted and sent to such a point as may be selected.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. DOUGLAS,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Chief Engineer.

[Inclosure Numbers 14.]
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,Alexandria, August 4, 1864.

General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Should the views which I had the honor to submit for the commanding general's consideration in my communication of to- day meet with his approval, will you please to order the quartermaster at Houston to procure and ship by special train, moving rapidly to Alexandria via Burr's Ferry or Niblett's Bluff, ten coils of inch rope, fifteen coils of two inch rope, twenty coils of three or three- and - a- half- inch rope; also, 1,000 feet of anchor chain. All of these materials can be purchased in Houston.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. DOUGLAS,

Lieutenant- Colonel.

