
DECEMBER 1-31, 1864.--Operations against Indians in Nebraska, with skirmish (8th) near Plum Creek.

Itinerary of the Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska, Colonel Robert R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding.*

All was quiet on the road until the evening of the 8th, when a small party of Cheyenne attacked a train with eighteen men six miles east of post (Plum Creek, Nebr.), but were repulsed with a loss of 3 Indians; 1 man wounded, and has since died; the Indians withdrew to the bluffs. Captain Curran, with twenty-five men, was sent to the scene of action, and brought the train and wounded men to the post.

December 9.--Captain Ivory, with twenty men, was sent to scout in the vicinity of Lone Tree; found trail of Indians leading south.

December 11.--Six selected men, well armed and mounted, accompanied by a guide, were sent in search of Indian encampments. They traveled south about 100 miles; unable to find Indians; returned to post on the 14th instant.

December 13.--Captain Majors, with thirty mounted men of this command and fifty from Fort Kearny, moved southward across the Republican River to Beaver Creek; followed up that stream to point where Curtis' trail crosses; finding no Indians, returned to this station; absent five days; marched 165 miles. Daily escorts furnished overland mail coaches.

DECEMBER 3, 1864.--Skirmish in Perry County, Ark.

Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry.

LEWISBURG, December 4, 1864--5.30 p. m.

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant Robert W. Wishard has returned from scout through Perry County; killed 1 lieutenant and 4 men of the enemy. Lost 1 man killed (Private McGhee, Company C, Third Arkansas Cavalry) and 1 wounded badly, of Company C, Third Arkansas Cavalry. The lieutenant killed belonged to Conly's company. Have his commission bearing signature of H. Flanagin as Governor and O. H. Oates, Secretary of State. Lieutenant reports many rebel families as moving south. He pursued Franz and Conly's companies twenty-five miles. Last heard of them they were going south fast as possible.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 3, 1864.--Skirmish near New Madrid, Mo.

Report of Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., December 6, 1864.

GENERAL: On last Saturday a small band of guerrillas passed up between New Madrid and Charleston. Captain Edwards pursued them

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

