
and killed and captured 2 more, with their arms and horses. There were about fifteen of them; the balance escaped into the swamps badly scattered.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding.

DECEMBER 4, 1864.--Skirmish on the New Texas road, near Morganza, La.

Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Forces at Morganza.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., December 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 4th instant, at about 1 p. m., my pickets near the new Texas road were fired upon by a small party of the enemy wearing the uniform of the United States. Joseph Crumb, private, Company G, First Louisiana Cavalry, was dangerously wounded. The enemy is seen every day at some point near my lines. I am suffering great inconvenience because of not having effective cavalry. The few horses my cavalry detachments have are broken down. A prisoner escaped from Tyler, Tex., came in last evening. He informs me that he judges that there are about 500 mounted men at Morgan's Ferry, where he crossed the Atchafalaya, and that he met squads of fifteen or more on his road in. Six rebel deserters who came in on Friday state that there is a detachment of some 200 at or near the junction of Red River and the Atchafalaya. A scout informs me that he learned that 1,000 crossed the Atchafalaya at Simsport last week. It is probable that some of these parties consisted of the same men.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans.

DECEMBER 4, 1864.--Skirmish with Indians on Cow Creek, near Fort Zarah, Kans.

Report of Captain Theodore Conkey, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

FORT ZARAH, December 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 4th instant, just after dark, four men of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry, forming an escort to a six-mule team and wagon loaded with ammunition for this post, were attacked by Indians while in camp on Cow Creek, fifteen miles east of this post, and the driver killed and one of the escort wounded in the arm. They had camped within thirty feet of the bank of the creek which at that place is twenty or thirty feet high, and while eating their supper the Indians crept up along the bed of the creek, within fifty feet of them, and fired under cover of the bank. From one of the party who was picked up by the stage which came along about four hours later, I gather this, that upon being fired into

