
the men dispersed, first firing several shots in return; that the teamster fled across the creek, the Indians in pursuit, where his body was found pierced with arrows and 100 yards or more the wagon. Three of the escort made their escape and returned to Fort Ellsworth on foot, reaching that post at 3 o'clock in the morning. The fourth man composing the escort hid himself near by and remained concealed until the stage and escort came along, when he was picked up and brought to this post at 1 o'clock in the morning. I immediately dispatched a force of twenty-five mounted men to the place designated and there await the coming of daylight. As soon as it became sufficiently light, the country was patrolled for several miles around in search of the three missing men belonging to the escort, who were supposed at that time to have been killed. An overcoat was found half a mile from the camp, which was the only trace of them to be discovered. At daylight I sent out another party of ten men and a team to bring in whatever might be found by the party first sent out, which returned in the afternoon with the wagon and about half of the ammunition in good condition, and considerable in a damaged state. One horse came in with the stage belonging to the escort slightly wounded with arrows, and one was found dead upon the ground near the camp. The other two were probably captured by the Indians, and also the mules. The harness was cut up and portions abstracted. Last night Lieutenant Hutchings with sixteen men arrived at this post with the intelligence that the three missing me from the escort had arrived safely at Fort Ellsworth.

I would respectfully beg leave to suggest that the escort furnished at Fort Ellsworth, for the safe transportation of valuable ordnance stores, over a route known to be swarming with hostile Indians, was entirely inadequate. The loss of the stores may lead to serious results and disasters, while a neglect of proper care to prevent their falling into the hands of an unrelenting savage foe becomes a crime.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. CONKEY,

Captain, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., December 10, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major C. S. Charlot, assistant adjutant-general, Department of Kansas, for the information of the general commanding, and particular attention is called to the report of Captain Conkey, which says:

The loss of ammunition may tend to serious results and disasters, while a neglect of proper care to prevent their falling into the hands of an unrelenting savage foe becomes a crime.

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cav. Vols., Commanding District.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, December 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters, Washington, D. C., for information.

The apparent inadequacy of the escort furnished by the commander at Fort Ellsworth will be properly investigated, but may be mainly

