
attributed to a want of troops, which I am trying to correct by forwarding more force from those I have been using against Price's invasion.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECEMBER 7, 1864.--Affair at the Moselle Bridge, near Franklin, Mo.

Report of Major Charles H. Gregory, Seventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF FRANKLIN,Franklin, Mo., December 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I would respectfully report that an attempt was made on the night of the 7th instant to burn the Moselle Bridge on the Southwest Branch Pacific Railroad. When discovered by the guard from Company E, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, the incendiary was sitting on the bridge trying to kindle a fire with a brand which he had with him. He was fired on by the guard, six balls passing through him, causing instant death. The man was dressed in rebel uniform and could not be recognized by citizens in the vicinity.

Your obedient servant,

C. H. GREGORY,

Major Seventh Kansas Veteran Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. C. BRADEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 7-8, 1864.--Expedition from Devall's Bluff to Augusta, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 8, 1864--9 p. m.

CAPTAIN: Captain Swan, Third Minnesota, who left here yesterday morning for Augusta with 100 men on the Mattie, has returned, having met with no accident or loss. No organized force near Augusta, which place he left at 9 o'clock this morning, having surrounded it before daylight. The force under McDowell, of about 600 men, which was twelve miles above Augusta two weeks ago, has divided to go south. A part went northwest. The rest crossed Cache River. Dobbin with a very few men is east of Cache, and expects to organize on the 15th instant. He has promised the citizens that he will not molest a boat which may be sent up to Augusta to take their cotton. Such are the statements made to Captain Swan by all classes at Augusta. The people say they are in great need of salt and expect suffering, It was reported at Des Arc that Rayborne had a skirmish with Federal troops day before yesterday on Brownsville and Des Arc road.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain S. E. GRAVES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

