
DECEMBER 8, 1864.--Affair at Tuscumbia, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Theodore A. Switzler, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, commanding First Sub-District.

DECEMBER 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 8th instant, 9 a. m., a party of rebels, some fifty in number, captured Tuscumbia, and disarmed and paroled some twenty-five of Captain Brown's company, Enrolled Missouri Militia, stationed there. The rebs were commanded by Captain W. C. Clark, Missouri Cavalry, C. S. Army. The officers and men dressed in full Federal uniform, had papers and saddles marked Second Colorado Cavalry, and passed themselves as belonging to that regiment, went on south, and nothing further from them. Since I assumed command I learn that this party crossed the Missouri River near Rocheport and the railroad between Tipton and Syracuse, &amp;c.

T. A. SWITZLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Sub-Military District.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.

DECEMBER 10-23, 1864.--Expedition against Indians in Central Arizona, with skirmish (15th) on Hassayampa Creek.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.--Captain Allen L. Anderson, Fifth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2.--Captain John Thompson, First New Mexico Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Allen L. Anderson, Fifth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ARIZONA,Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter., December 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 10th instant I started from this post on an Indian scout with Captain J. Thompson and twenty-two enlisted men of Company K, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers. Messrs. Cooler, Weaver, James, Smith, and Rice, and a Utah Indian, named Dick, volunteered their services as guides and accompanied the command. The command was rationed for fifteen days. The middle trail to the Hassayampa was followed. This leads over the tops of the mountains in a southwest direction from Prescott. The ascent is quite steep. We crossed the summit about seven miles from Prescott and encamped at a spring about half a mile farther on. Found an abundance of wood, water, and grass. Weather clear and cold. December 11, descended the mountain in a southwest direction three miles and entered a ravine leading to the south. Traveled down the ravine three miles, and then turned southeast over a rolling country for two miles, when we entered a canada which drains into the Hassayampa. Descending it four miles, we entered the valley of the Hassayampa Creek, which we ascended half a mile and encamped near the Tanks. There is no running water in the bed of the creek at this point. Wood scarce. Water standing in the tanks. Grass on the mesas abundant and good. Half a mile above camp the stream issues from a deep canon, inclosed by the highest peaks of the mountains. In a

