
direct line from the Tanks to Prescott the mountains are barely passable by a difficult mule trail. The range of hills west of the valley are low. On the east a high range (continuation of the Walker Mountains) stretches from the canyon at the Tanks, gradually receding from the stream as it runs south. December 12, descended the valley ten miles to Walnut Grove (Mr. Weaver's). The valley widens as it descends, and cottonwood and walnut trees abound in this part. The water rises a mile and a half above Mr. Weaver's. It has a volume of about thirty inches. The hills on the eastern side are low, those to the west rise into low mountains. Half a mile below Weaver's the stream enters a shallow canon. Just below this point McLeod &amp; Co. are working placer diggings, which yield about $1,200 a week. Indian tracks were observed on the way down, and on reaching Mr. Weaver's we were informed that the day before, the Indians having threatened to take Mr. Weaver's corn, the settlers in the neighborhood attacked them, killing 3 and wounding several. Wood, water, and grass abundant. Weather mild and clear.

December 13, the trail leaves the river, passing over the hills to the east and enters the valley again two miles below. We descended the river six miles and camped. The valley is of the same character as above at Weaver's. About a mile below camp the stream enters the Lower or Big Canon. Rain began to fall in the evening and continued all night. December 14, rained steadily all day. Trail left the creek a mile below camp and crossed a hilly country for nine miles; course southeast. Here we found Indian trails. Here we turned up a ravine draining into the Hassayampa. The ravine is narrow, shallow, and rocky, inclosed by low hills of the same character. We ascended this ravine two miles, and half a mile to the left in a side ravine found water. The rain was very cold, and several of the party were suffering from rheumatism. Spies were sent out in the several directions to look for smokes. Two of the parties were successful, and it was determined to attack the two rancherias simultaneously. One village lay about ten miles to the northeast and the other three and a half to the west. Our position was so well hidden by the surrounding hills and our fires were kindled so late that little fear was entertained of their discovering us. We were ont he western side of a high ridge of granite hills, running parallel to the Walker Mountains, and about five miles from the. It rained incessantly, and as all the clothing and blankets were saturated, no one slept. December 15, Captain Thompson with twelve enlisted men and two citizens (Mr. Cooler and the Indian, Dick) left camp at 3.30 a. m. I left camp an hour later with eleven men and Messrs. Weaver, Rice, and Smith. A corporal and three men were left in camp. Both parties were on foot. Just at daylight we heard the firing of Captain Thompson's party. About twenty minutes later we attacked the rancheria we had been looking for. There were seven Indians in the rancheria. Three were killed; a woman and 2 children were captured, and one Indian escaped on all fours into the labyrinth of rocks, leaving a bloody trail behind him. These Indians had no animals nor fire-arms. They are Tonto Apaches. Everything in the camp was burned. Shortly after we reached our camp (10 a. m.) Captain Thompson and party returned. There were fifteen Indians in the rancheria he attacked; eleven were killed, and the remaining four left such quantities of blood on their trails as to show conclusively that they were severely wounded. Captain Thompson's report is forwarded herewith. The command remained in camp during the day. Rain fell at intervals during the day and night.

