
December 16, returned to the main ravine. Course for six miles over a hilly country to the divide between the Hassayampa and Agua Fria. This is near the southwestern point of the Walker range. In front of us was a depression separating the Walker Mountains from a low range five miles to the south. Between the latter range and the Gila there is a low flat country. During a clear interval the Mazatzal and the Pinal Mountains were visible through the gaps as well as the range between the Agua Fria and the Rio Verde. A deep canyon lay to our left which bore a little to the south. We crossed it, traveling over a rough hilly country in an easterly direction. Camped at an old Indian camp. Numerous quartz ledges were seen near the trail. Many of them could be traced all the way up the side of the mountain. This region gives every indication of being rich in minerals. It has never been explored. Several showers fell during the day. Distance from last camp about fourteen miles. December 17, traveled in the same general course for eighteen miles. Two miles from camp entered a large canyon running south of east. The main range from which it issues where we entered it forms for three miles its northern wall, for which distance its course is east. We nooned in the canon. After traveling down in three miles we then climbed the left-hand side of the canon, following the easterly course. Our road lay over rough foot hills of the mountains till within four miles of our evening's camp, when the country opened out. We camped in a shallow canyon with running water, plenty of wood and grass. Saw some Indian tracks three or four days old. No fires were allowed to be lit until night, as our route during the day gave us every chance of reaching camp without being discovered by the Indians. Sent out spies to look for smokes and signs but they were not successful. It rained, sleeted, or snowed almost without intermission during the day, and sleeted or snowed all night. Distance traveled, eighteen miles. December 18, descended the canyon east for three miles, then turned north for three miles over a spur of the mountains and descended into the bed of the Agua Fria. There is no water at this point. A mile farther up the valley we nooned. The valley is from 100 to 200 yards wide, bounded by sand-stone hills or mesas, some of the cliffs of which present strangely curved and contorted strata that forms one of the strangest landscape features I have seen. It rained all the afternoon. Marched six miles farther up the stream (north) and camped. Total distance twelve miles. Found standing water, plenty of wood and grass. Tried to sleep in wet blankets for the fifth night.

December 19, the sky was clear at sunrise, but rain began to fall at about 8 o'clock and did not cease till 1 p. m. Marched north for about six miles and nooned at an old camp apparently made by soldiers. A mile above camp left the Agua Fria by a mistake of one of the guides and ascended Black Canon. This is said to be the shortest route to Woolsey's, but I was anxious to ascend the Agua Fria all the way, in hopes of finding some Indian rancherias there was reason to believe were in that neighborhood. As our animals were too tired and rations too short to allow us to correct the error, it was determined to return to the fort as rapidly as possible. Ten miles from camp we left the canon, ascending the north bank, and three miles farther on camped in the hills with a little standing water, a scarcity of wood, but an abundance of good grama. The night was clear and cold. December 20, three miles from camp descended into Black Canyon again at the Mexican town. We were in hopes of finding Indians there, but were disappointed. The Mexicans are accused of trading with them. Nooned

