
at Doctor Willing's camp, two miles above the village and near the east bank of the canon. Camped without water in an open valley five miles northwest of the doctor's ranch. Fine grass and but little wood. December 21, our course was northwest to-day over a rolling country as far as Dripping Spring, five miles. Here is a steep ascent of some 300 feet. Beyond this to Big Bug the trail is over a hilly but not very rough country. Camped in a ravine about four miles east of the Big Bug. Water in holes; wood and grass plenty. Ground covered with snow. December 22, route northwest. Crossed the Big Bug Canada four miles from camp. The trail is a tolerably good one from here to Woolsey's. Traveled through three or four inches of snow. Weather severely cold. December 23, returned to the fort by way of the direct trail. The men of our little command bore the hardships to which they were subjected with commendable patience, and showed praiseworthy alacrity in the performance of their duty. Captain Thompson and his men deserve praise for the discipline thus evinced. I desire to call the attention of the department commander to the valuable services of the citizens who accompanied us. Expeditions at this season of the year are destructive to stock and trying to the men, but I am satisfied that a winter campaign is the surest means of reducing Indians to subjection.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. ANDERSON,

Captain, Fifth U. S. Infantry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John Thompson, First New Mexico Cavalry.

CAMP TONTO, ARIZ. TER., December 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report briefly as follows:

In obedience to your order of the 15th instant I left camp at 1 a. m., with ten enlisted men of my company (K), First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, Mr. Cooler and the Ute Indian (Dick) as Indian guides, and marched over the mountains a distance of about ten miles. At daylight in the morning I came in sight of the Indian camp and marched cautiously with my men and the two guides until I came within 300 yards of their camp. I then ordered the men to take off their boots in order to create but as little noise as possible and make a rush for the camp. Every man responded cheerfully, each trying to excel the other to see which would kill the first Indian. The Indians were not alarmed until the very moment the attack commenced, when they showed fight, but it was of very short duration, whereas they were shot down as fast as powder and lead would admit, and every man went into the engagement with a determination. The camp was composed of fifteen Apache warriors, 11 of whom were killed. The other four got away, but were badly wounded. They were trailed by their blood for some distance, but succeeded in getting off. After the engagement was over I destroyed their camp. Mr. Cooler and the Ute boy Dick (Indian guides), deserve much credit for the faithful manner in which they performed their duty and participated in the fight at the time of the engagement, and I would respectfully recommend them both as being faithful Indian guides and brave men. During the fight Private Brandon, of my company, got

