
slightly wounded in the knee with an arrow, which was the only casualty sustained on our side. After the work of destruction was completed, I returned to camp from whence I started, where I arrived at 11 a. m. Total distance marched, twenty miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOMPSON,

Captain, First Cav., N. Mex. Vols., Commanding Company K.

Captain A. L. ANDERSON,

Fifth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

DECEMBER 13, 1864.--Affair near Devall's Bluff, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., December 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: An independent picket, which I had placed three miles east of here, captured 2 enlisted men of Dobbin's command last evening. They report that Taylor's company, of Dobbin's command, is to rendezvous at Coffee Creek, twenty miles from Clarendon, to-morrow.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain S. E. GRAVES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

DECEMBER 13-14, 1864.--Expedition from Morganza to and beyond Morgan's Ferry, La.

Report of Colonel John H. Kelly, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Morganza, La., December 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to very respectfully submit the following report, viz:

In obedience to instructions from headquarters U. S. forces, dated Morganza, La., December 12, 1864, I took command of the expedition composed of the Thirty-fourth Iowa Regiment, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Regiment, one section of the Second Massachusetts Battery, and a detachment of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry, for the purpose of escorting and supporting Major Conover, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, and his command in crossing the Atchafalaya River. The expedition moved from Morganza, La., December 13, 1864, at 8 a. m. and advanced to Morgan's Ferry bridge. At Cattlett's, a distance of nine miles, the column was halted for dinner and to await the arrival of Major Conover and his command, which arrived about 12 m., bringing with them four pontoon-boats for the purpose of crossing the river. Major Conover and Major Bell took a party and went forward from this point to the river to reconnoiter and select the point for crossing. I detached Lieutenant-Colonel Dungan, Thirty-

