
fourth Iowa, with them for the purpose of selecting a suitable position for the artillery and the disposition of the troops to cover the crossing after Major Conover had selected the crossing. It was arranged that the expedition would move forward one mile of the river and halt until the place of crossing was selected and reported to me. Major Conover returned about sunset and reported that a crossing had been selected and that there were no rebel pickets near the point selected. About 7 p. m. I moved the expedition up to the river, stationed the artillery and disposed the forces, launched the boats and commenced crossing the command over at 8 p. m. The command to be crossed over consisted of 212 men, their horses, saddles, carbines, and equipments. The means of crossing were the four boats before mentioned, each of which took four men, their saddles, bridles, equipments, &amp;c., swimming their four horses alongside the boat. The entire command was crossed over and in readiness to move, and moved off at 12 midnight. Major Conover and I agreed upon a signal by which I could recognize him or any of his command in case they were compelled to return to the river. I then had the boats all taken out of the river and put out of view from the opposite side of the river to prevent the enemy from discovering by what means the force had crossed over. I then gave orders to the officers in charge of the artillery to report to me anything that might occur on the opposite side of the river. At 3 a. m. Major Conover and his command returned and reported that he had moved with his command about six miles down the river, encountered an impassable bayou, had a man drowned in attempting to cross over it, and that he desired me to recross his command. At 6 a. m. the boats were again launched and the crossing commenced. By 11 a. m. the command was over, the boats reloaded on the wagons, and the entire expedition in readiness to move. In crossing and recrossing Major Conover's command no accident or misfortune of any kind occurred. We met no force on our way out, neither did we encounter any at the crossing. Major Conover captured one prisoner whom I forwarded to the provost-marshal U. S. forces. The officers in command of the regiments, detachments, and artillery rendered efficient aid and services. The officers and troops of the entire expedition rendered aid promptly when called upon, and conducted themselves in an officer-like and soldierly manner. The expedition arrived at Morganza December 14, 6 p. m.

Respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. KELLY,

Colonel 114th Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General D. ULLMANN,

Commanding U. S. Forces.

DECEMBER 13-15, 1864.--Expedition up the White River from Devall's Bluff, Ark.

Report of Colonel Hans Mattson, Third Minnesota Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, December 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of order from the brigadier-general commanding division, I proceeded on the 13th instant on board the steamers Sir William Wallace and Kate Hart

