
number of horsemen moving rapidly on the main road, which had the appearance of having had quite a number of large wagons just passed over it. Who or what they were I could not learn. The horsemen were found to belong to the organized band of guerrilla scouts operating on this side of the Atchafalaya River. At Bayou Latenache I was joined by Colonel Spicely and command, who directed me to proceed with my command out Bayou Letsworth and exercise my discretion, which I did, moving rapidly soon came in sight of horsemen, who proved to belong to Collins' band, but he, with some of his men, I learned from undoubted authority, had gone the day before across the Atchafalaya River, bound for Alexandria. These men continued in sight most of the afternoon and twice fired at the advance guard. We camped at the plantation of J. R. Gayle, whose son is a member of Collins' band, and who was on picket at the door, and who fired at the advance guard and then fled into the swamp on the bayou. A large number of hogs and chickens were here gathered for the purpose of giving our boys a big Christmas, so they were appropriated as contraband of war. I then, at daylight the next morning, moved through the swamp to the mouth of Red River and here sent Lieutenant Whitney, my acting quartermaster, to inform the gun-boats who we were, so they would not fire upon us, and then moved the command along Old River opposite to Turnbull Island. I saw him go down the river-bank, and have not seen or heard from him since. Sergeant Darrow, of Company B, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, accompanied him. I afterward learned a party of eighteen mounted men had just passed down that road just previous to my coming upon it, so I have good reason to believe they were captured on their return.

On arriving at the mouth of the Atchafalaya I discovered a large mounted picket of the Twenty-third Texas Cavalry on the opposite side, and when I commenced to fire upon them they rapidly withdrew and formed in line beyond range, and on showing a disposition to cross over they displayed an infantry force of several hundred men and wagons moving behind the woods from Simsport, might have been artillery, although I had from pretty reliable information that they have none this side of Evergreen, which is situated at the junction of Bayou Rouge and Bayou de Glaise, which I am inclined to think is named on my map as Moreauville. Particular pains were taken to investigate the premises of a Mr. Barbre and fix his status, and he was found to be a noted rebel. Several boats lay upon the opposite side of the Atchafalaya and one on this side, probably used for crossing. In returning we came through the swamp to the residence of Mr. Winston, an outlaw, whose wife now keeps a rendezvous for guerrillas, and after giving her some valuable instructions she inquired if that was to be the new way to restore the Union, and was told that a perseverance in her evil courses would leave her homeless. She acquiesced in the arrangement and said, forewarned was forearmed. Miss Carpenter is teaching her children. We camped again at Mr. Gayle's. During the night I received information from Mr. Robie, who lives near there, that I might expect an attack on my return, and from an evident movement in considerable force of the enemy around my camp during the night I believed it to be true, so I started two hours before day, but none was made, although some horsemen were seen. A small force of the enemy was in sight all the way down Old River, and their pursuit did not cease until we reached the Mississippi. I saw a log wagon which would be valuable at your saw-mill. I did not bring it for the want of transportation. I believe the large number of able-bodied colored men seen

