
on former occasions have been sent to Bayou Latenache and have their habitations moved to the woods in the rear of the plantations. I obtained such information as leads me to believe colored regiments are being organized at Alexandria. I desire to express my approval of the spirit and courage of my troops, and whenever there was any indication of meeting the enemy their conduct pleased me. They will fight and sell their lives dearly, and their worth I believe is in proportion to the courage, discipline, and efficiency of the officers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. N. FRISBIE,

Colonel of Ninety-second Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant O. A. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Francis A. Sears, Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH Regiment IND. INFTY. VOLS.,Morganza, La., December 19, 1864.

SIR: Agreeable to instructions from Colonel Spicely, commanding brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry Volunteers in the late expedition up Old River:

On the morning of the 16th instant I took my regiment on board the steamer Starlight at 4 a. m.; proceeding up the Mississippi River to Hog Point, La., I put one company on shore to cover the landing of troops from the steamer Ada May. I then proceeded with my regiment to the mouth of Old River; went up the same to a point near Port Williams, at which place I debarked. We marched down on the right bank of said river about six miles, where we camped for the night. My command here foraged off the country, collecting such things as were needed by the troops. On the morning of the 17th instant I sent a detail of one commissioned officer and thirty men to Raskasee Island; said detail collected 15 head of beef-cattle, 7 horses, and 30 head of sheep. About 2 o'clock of the 17th my regiment, excepting the aforesaid detail, which returned on the steamer Starlight, marched back to this point, reaching here about 6 p. m. of the 17th instant. The surplus stock captured on the expedition was turned over to the post quartermaster, all of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. SEARS,

Major, Commanding Sixty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant OSCAR A. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Benjamin J. Summers, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFTY.,Morganza, La., December 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to herewith transmit to you my report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteer Infantry on the

