
late expedition from this point. It moved on the morning of the 15th instant in connection with the Sixty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry on board transport steamer Starlight, and arrived at Williamsport on Old River at 2 p. m.; disembarked and moved down Old River five miles, and went into camp for the night. On the morning of the 16th I sent out a detail of thirty men, in charge of a captain, for the purpose of collecting forage. The foraging party returned at 1 p. m. At 4 p. m. I received orders from Colonel Spicely, commanding the expedition, to proceed to Morganza. Arrived at Morganza at 9 p. m. The conduct of the officers and men of my command was soldierly throughout the entire expedition.

Respectfully submitted.

B. J. SUMMERS,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. G. DUNLAP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Reserve Corps.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant William H. Posey, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry.

OFFICE R. Q. M. TWENTY-FOURTH IND. INFTY. VOLS.,

Morganza, La., December 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following disposition made of the property captured by the U. S. forces on Old River, December 16, 1864, and placed in my charge. I turned in to Captain D. A. Ward, acting assistant quartermaster, 9 horses and 6 mules, and to Captain Whittlesey, commissary of subsistence, 27 head of beef-cattle and 9 barrels of molasses.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. POSEY,

First Lieutenant and R. Q. M. Twenty-fourth Ind. Vol. Infantry.

Captain J. G. DUNLAP,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Reserve Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Thomas Ledwick, Second New York Veteran Cavalry.

CAMP SECOND NEW YORK VETERAN CAVALRY,

Morganza, La., December 20, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with your orders on the morning of the 17th instant, I proceeded down the Old River road, taking all the horses and mules that in my opinion was serviceable. Near the line of march captured 19 horses and 7 mules. Turned them in to D. A. Ward, post quartermaster. Arrived in camp 5 o'clock same day.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS LEDWICK,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detach. Second New York Vet. Cavalry.

Colonel SPICELY.

