
DECEMBER 18, 1864.--Skirmish on Little River, in New Madrid County, Mo.

Report of Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, December 20, 1864.

GENERAL: A band of guerrillas made their appearance near Benton on the 18th instant stealing horses. Captain Tanner, of Commerce, Enrolled Missouri Militia, with twenty men, pursued to Little River, thirty-five miles, and killed 1, and recaptured 2 of the stolen horses. The balance scattered and escaped.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

General EWING,

Commanding.

DECEMBER 20, 1864-JANUARY 4, 1865.--Expeditions from Cape Girardeau and Dallas, Mo., to Cherokee Bay, Ark., and the Saint Francis River, with skirmishes.

Report of Colonel John B. Rogers, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DISTRICT, SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., January 4, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 20th ultimo I ordered Major Josephus Robbins, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, with a detachment of thirty men of the Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Lieutenant Rinne, with a detachment of Battery C, Second Missouri Artillery, to move from this post to Bloomfield with fifteen days' small rations, with instructions to search for the enemy in the direction of Cherokee Bay, Ark., where he was reported in force. The expedition arrived at Bloomfield on the evening of the 22nd, when they ascertained that by reason of late heavy rains the Saint Francis River was impassable, and they were compelled to remain at Bloomfield some two or three days. Information having been received from the commanding officer of the Saint Louis District that a quantity of arms were secreted on Horse Island near the Arkansas line, I ordered Major Robbins to proceed there at once with his command and fifty men from the post of Bloomfield, being detachments of Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and sixth months' volunteers, Enrolled Missouri Militia, making the whole strength of the command 100 men. The expedition met with but little resistance, and having thoroughly searched Horse Island and scoured the country thereabout, finding neither arms nor ammunition, returned to Bloomfield, having killed 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 6 men, capturing 1 prisoner and 20 horses, with no casualty on our side. In the meantime, agreeable to my orders, Captain Cochran, commanding company six months' volunteers, Enrolled Missouri Militia, marched from Dallas with fifty men of his company to Poplar Bluff, with instructions to report to Major Robbins at that place. Captain Cochran on his arrival at the bluff communicated with Major Robbins at Indian Ford on the Saint Francis River. Finding Major Robbins unable to cross his command, I ordered Captain Cochran to return to Dallas at his leisure, thoroughly scouting the country as he went. He then marched to the Ash Mills, finding six guerrillas, killing 4 of the number, 2 escaping. He captured their horses and arms. He

