
was four miles below Okolona, having destroyed the road from Boonville to that point. The camp of Forrest's dismounted men at Verona was surprised on Christmas night and dispersed. Six commissioned officers and 20 men were captured. Three hundred army wagons, 4,000 new carbines, two trains of 32 cars, and very large amounts of ammunition, commissary and quartermaster stores destroyed. Twenty-nine bridges, large quantities of trestle-work, and many miles of track thoroughly destroyed. Not a man lost up to that time, and the expedition progressing in fine spirits. The enemy reported concentrating in their front.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Memphis, Tenn., January 8, 1865.

I have the gratifying opportunity of reporting the result of another very successful expedition to the major-general commanding.

The cavalry expedition sent by me from this point against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad has reached Vicksburg in safety and in good condition, with about 550 prisoners, 1,000 negroes, and 800 horses and mules. General Grierson has just arrived here and his force will follow as fast as transportation can be procured. When his brigade commanders arrive and I receive his report I will forward it to you. Meanwhile I give you the following outline of the work done:

The expedition left here on the 21st December in wretched weather, about 3,300 strong, and moved directly east, threatening Corinth. Detachments were sent out which cut the telegraph from Grand Junction to Corinth, and also cut it and destroyed four bridges between Booneville and Guntown on the Mobile and Ohio road. The main column then moved rapidly on Tupelo, and on Christmas night surprised, captured, and dispersed Forrest's dismounted camp at Verona. Here they captured 6 officers and 20 men, destroyed two trains of sixteen cars, each loaded with new wagons, pontoons, supplies, &amp;c., for Hood; burned 300 army wagons, most of which had been captured from Sturgis; destroyed 4,000 new English carbines, which were for Forrest's command, and large amounts of ordnance stores and ammunition, with quartermaster stores, and commissary stores for Hood's army. From Verona the command moved south along the line of the road, destroying it thoroughly to a point between Egypt and Prairie Stations.

At Okolona telegrams were taken from the wires from Lieutenant-General Taylor and Major-General Gardner, ordering Egypt to be held at all hazards, and promising re-enforcements from Mobile and other points. On the morning of the 28th the enemy was attacked at Egypt. General Grierson reports them about 1,200 strong with infantry, cavalry, and four guns on platform cars. Two trains, loaded with infantry, under Gardner, were in sight when the attack was made. A force was thrown between them and the garrison, and Gardner had the mortification to see his friends dispersed after a fight of two hours and the stockade carried by assault, and its defenders, to the number of about 500, captured. The rebel Brigadier Gholson was among the killed. Another train of 14 cars was destroyed here. The command was now

