6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
referring: the bill be reconsidered. Thus the matter
will be fairly before the House. The President's
message can then be read. If this proposition be
not satisfactory, let the biil take its course.
Mr. MAYNARD, X ask that the 21st joint
rule be read.
The SPEAKER. The question is, shaft the
firsi reading of the bill be postponed?
There was no objection.
iVlr. GROW. Is it understood that the bill
shall be published in the Globe to-morrow—the
whole of it?
General assent was expressed by the House.
the president's annual message.
The annual message of the President of the
United States was read by the Clerk [It will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the ordinary mo-
tion that the President's message be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed; also, that the
usual number of extia copies, twenty thousand,
be punted. The latter clause will, as a matter of
course, have to go to the Committee on Printing.
As I suppose there is no desire to debate the
message to-day, I will call the previous question
by the gencial desire of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BOTELER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 had proposed
to ofter an amendment to the motion of the gen-
tleman ftom Ohio, but I perceive that my friend
fiom Vngmia [Mr. Botller] wishes the floor,
and f presume lie rises for the same object as that
which I have in view. I will, theretore, waive
my right to the floor for linn.
Mr. BOTELER. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from New Yoi k. 1 have arisen simply
to offer an amendment which will, 1 trust, meet
with the nppiobation of the House, and on which
I call tin-previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 moved the previous ques-
tion; but i shall bevetyglad to withdiaw it so
as to heat the amendment which the gentleman
desires lo ofler.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then the gentleman
from Virginia has no right to offer his amend-
ment. if so, I want to have the question settled
now.
Mr. BOTELER. 1 umleistood the gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to withdraw his call for the
previous question.
Mr. SHEllMAN. To avoid all trouble, I
withdiaw it.
Mr. BOTELER. Then I offer the following
as an amendment, and call the previous question
on it:
Resolved, That so niu''Ii of the Pre-uient1-. message a*
rel.it**-" to the piesent pciiious condition ol the eountiy. be
letcncd to a special committee ol one hom each State, with
)ea\e to icpoit at any time.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the pet mission
of my friend from Vnginia, I would like to move
an amendment to his amendment, if it shall meet
his approbation. If not, 1 will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. U will be read for informa-
tion.
Mr. McClermand's amendment was read, as
follows:
Resolve'!, That ><> much of the President'* annual me--
sage a«> (elates to matter ol guevanco between the t«la\v-
holding and non-slavehohhng States; to the propo al, by
Congress, of amendment;* to the Constitution ot the United
States, ioi the ratification of the ^eveial States; and to the
question ol' State seee-^ion lioni the Federal Union—be le-
Joncd to n select committee, to coti-j^t of one member uoin
each State, to be appointed In the Speakei. And tliat<-aid
committee be iu-.tiueted to nupine into,and lepoit by bill,
or by propoMitg an amemlmeutoi amendment's to tlx- Con-
stitutionol'the United States,oi otheiwise, upon said sub-
jects. And particularly, whether any fnither legislation,
or an amendment of the Com-tnunon, is necessaiy to give
prompt, ceitain, and full effect to the ia^t clause of the mk*-
on:l section of the louith aitielu of the Constitution, con-
cerning the return oflugitivc* liom ^civicc oi laboi.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Boteler] accept the amendment?
Mr. BOTELER. I regret very much that I
cannot.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will not press it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from !
Vtrginia will allow me to offer an amendment,and 1
if lie will accept it, 1 will vole for his motion witii !
great pleasuie. The plan of nominating a com-
mittee of one from each State has never been
adopted in the House. The better course would
be to provide for the appointment of a special
committee of fifteen, or thirty, or any other num-
ber that may be desiierl.
Mr. BOCOCK. I submit a question of order
on the amendment of my colleague. It is con-
trary to the rules of the House to give leave to a
committee to report at any time; it can only be
done under a suspension of the rules. It is not
in order, under the rules of the House, to offer a
proposition to confer upon a committee the right
to report at anytime. It is a violation of the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order is well taken. If objection be made,the
Chair thinks the motion cannot be entertained in
its present shape.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man from Virginia will waive that objection.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] can accomplish his
object by omitting that part of his resolution, if
gentlemen over the way do not want the commit-
tee to have power to report at any time.
Mr. BOTELER. The substance of it is all
I desire. I have no objection to modify the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bococic] insist on the objection?
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw it.
Mr. CURRY. I renew the objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] to withdiaw his objection to the propo-
sition of his colleague. Am I right?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT, i renew the objection.
The SPEAKER. It has been already renewed
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Curry.]
Mr. BOTELER. Then I insist upon my mo-
tion, as onginaliy submitted.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Virginia to modify his pioposi-
tion by omitting that part of it which authorizes
the committee to report at any time.
Mr. BOTELER. No* sir;' I make no modifi-
cation at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must modify
it, or it cannot he entertained. Does he so mod-
ify it as to omit that part of it which says that
the committee may report at any time?
Mr. BOTELER. inasmuch as it will be out
of order if 1 do not do so, 1 very cheerfully mod-
ify it by omitting those words.
The SPEAKER. The amendment being thus
modified, the question now is upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will allow a vote to be taken on the
amendment which I suggested. I will simply
offer it, and then let the House decide as to the
mode m which the committee shall be organized.
Mr. BOTELER. There is nothing in my res-
olution indicating how the committee shall be
raised. 1 especially avoided that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rules of the House
require the committees to be appointed by the
Speaker, unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. This is a special com-
mittee.
Mr. KUNKEL. I believe the gentleman from
Ohio is mistaken. The Speaker has no authority
to appoint committees unless the authority is first
given to him by the House.
The SPEAKER. The rule on the subject will
be read. It is the 67th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
G7. All committees shall be appointed by the Speaker,
unU>s olheivv^c specially dneetcd by the llou.-e. in which
cu?p tb(jv Muill lie appointed by bailor; and it', upon ^neli
ballot, the number icquited shall not be elected by a ma-
jority ot the votes given, the Hou-.e shall proceed to a sec-
ond ballot, in wlucn a pluiality of votes shall piovrul; and
in ea<e a gi enter number than is lequired to compete or
complete a committee shall have an equal numb-:! of vote-;,
the House shall pioceed to a fuuher ballot or ballot.-."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I appeal to the
gentleman from Virginia to allow me to offer an
amendment to his resolution. If, after it is read,
he objects to it, I will not insist upon it. I ask
that it bo lead for infoimation.
The SPEAKER. It will be icad, if there is no
objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I offer it as an
additional resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That we are
unalterably and immovably attached to the Union ot the
States; that we recognize in that union the pnmaty cause
of our present greatness and prosperity as a nation ; that
we have yet seen nothing, either m the election of Abia-
ham Lincoln to the Presidency ot the United States or
from any other source, to justify its dissolution; and that
we pledge to each other " our lives, our fortunes, and our
sacred honors" to maintain it.
Mr. JONES. I object to that.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask for a vote on
the resolution.
Mr. JONES. I object to it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I will not
insist on it.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to permit me to offer an amendment
providing that the committee men shall be selected
by the delegation of each State.
Several Members. Oh, no; that is not in order.
Mr. BOTELER. I would be glad to have my
amendment read as it now stands.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That so much of the President's message as relates to
the present perilous condition of the country be rcfened
to a special committee of one fioiri cach State.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that instead of the expres-
sion used in the amendment, "the present peril-
ous condition of the country," ho specify by
incorporating the proposition of the genileman
from Illinois, [Mr. McClfrvwd,] in oider ihat
the country as well as the House may understand
specifically what is referred to the committee.
Mr. BOTELER. I have already declined to
accept that proposition, desiring to make the
amendment as simple as possible.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the yeas
and nays on agreeing to Mr. Boteler's amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 145, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Mppms. Chailes F. Adam«, Green Adam**,
Adiain, Aldricb, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Wil-
liam C. Anderson. Avei\. Babbitt, Ban. Bariet, Bocock,
Botelei, Bouhgnv, Biauch, Biaxton, Br.ffgs, Bu^tovv,
Biovvn, Buich, Burnett, Campbell, Cm tor, Horace F.
Claik, John I>. Claik, Cobb, John Cochiane, Coliax. Comt-
Innr, Coivvm, Covode, Cox, Cuitis, II. Winter D.u i*. John
G. Davis, Reuben Davis,De Jarnette,Delano,Duel!, Dunn,
Edinundson, Eliot, Ely, English, Ethcridge, Ferrv, Flor-
ence, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilniei, Goocli, Gin-
ham, Guiley, Hale, Hall, IJatd<*man, J Moruson Ham*,
JohnT. Harris, flavin, Hatton, Ilelmick, Ilill, Hoard,
Hoiman, Houston, William Ilowaid, Hushes, Humphrey,
Jenkins, Junkin, William Kclloeg, Ken)on, Kilgorv, Kill-
iuger, Knnkel, Larraheo. James M. 7 .each, Leake, T.o'ran,
Longneckcr, Love, Maclay, Charles 7). Martin, Elbert >.
Mai tin, Maynard, MeClernand, McKenty, McPher-on,
Mill-on, Laban T. Mooic, Moorhead, Mouill. Edwaid Joy
Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noell,
Palmei, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Poitei, Pijoi,
Clu.ules, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Kigg^, Cliri&tophci Rob-
inson, James C. Robinson, Royee, ilust, tickles, William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, Souio?, Spauldmg, Spinner,
Stevenson, James A. Stewait, William Stcwait, Stokes,
Stout, Stiutton, Thayer, Thcaker, Thomas, Tiain? Ttim-
ble, Vallandigbam, Vance, Vandever, Verrce, Walton, i>-
i.iei Washburn, Webster, Winteley, Windom, Winslow,
Wood, and Woodiud—1-15
NAYS—Messis. A?hley, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
Buflinton, Buihngamc, Burnham, Carev, Ca«c, Edgerton,
Fenton, Giow, Hickman. William A. Howard, Iluichins,
Jivine. Fiancis W. Kellogg, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee.
Loooik, Lovejoy, McKean, MrKnight. Mo^e, Pern , Pot-
tei, Pottle, .Sedgwick, Sherman, Stanton, Stevens. Tap
pan, Tompkins, Wnde, Cadwalad.-i C.Washburn. Elliliu
B. Wa-hburne, and Wells—3S.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. MA YNARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Brabsox, was detained at home because of an
accident which happened to him some days airo.
Mr. VALLANDIGAM (wh on his name was
called) said: Mr. Spi nicer, because the proposi-
tion is an " expedient'' 1 will vote foi it.1 [low-
ever inadequate it may be, I am w illmg, in limes
like these, that gentlemen may try this and all
other expedients for what they arc worth, trusting
that something may yet be done to avert the im-
pending dangers.
Mr. BURCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Scott, was confined to his loomby mdispontion;
otherwise bo would be present m the House.
Mr. TAPPAN said: Mr. Speaker, 1 was un-
