1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fortunately absent from my seat when my name
was called, and I ask (he unanimous consent of
the House for leave to record my vote.
There was no objection.
Mr. TAPPAN. I vote in the negative.
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Speaker, before the
vote is announced, I desire to state that I decline
voting on the ponding proposition, for the reason
that the Legislature of the Suite of Mississippi
has called a'conventmn of thepcopleof that State
to take into consideration the subject-matter now
before this House. I was not sent heie for the
purpose of making any compromise, or to patch
up existing difficulties. I leave, sir, to the sov-
ereign State of Mississippi to determine for her-
self hor present Federal relations.
Air. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to state the
reason why 1 did. not vote on this question. My
reasons arc the same as those just given by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Singleton.]
My State, like that of Mississippi, has called a
convention to decide all these questions of Federal
relations, and I am disposed to leave it to her to
settle these questions for herself.
Mr. HAWKINS. I am in a like situation
with the two gentlemen who have already ad-
dressed the House. Tiie State of Florida, which
I have the honor to represent, during the recent
session of her Legislature has appointed a day
in January next for the assembling of a conven-
tion of her people, to take into consideration,
among other grievances, the very subject-matter
of the pending proposition. The people of Flor-
ida, sir, have resolved to determine m convention,
in their sovereign capacity, the time, place, and
manner of redress. It is for them to decidc the
•question; and they will settle that, as welt as all
others, in their sovereign capacity in their own
way. It is not for me, therefore, as their Repre-
sentative here, to take any action on the subject.
While I am up, Mr. Speaker, I may as well say,
in advance, that I am opposed, and I believe my
State is opposed, to alt and every compromise.
The day of compromise has passed; and further,
sir [Calls of " Order!'5 from all parts of the
House.]
Mr. MILLSON. This discussion is not in
order, and i must interpose my objection to its
further continuance.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. And I also rise to
a point of order. If one gentleman is to be heard
in discussion of the resolution, I desire that others
may have an equal chance to state their views.
Mr. HAWKINS. For the reason I havejust
stated, I decline voting on the pending proposi-
tion.
Mr. CLOPTON. For the reason urged by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Singleton,]
and as the Stair of Alabama 
Mr, MILLSON. I object to this discussion,
which is in palpable violation of the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order
at this time; and, as it is objected to, the Chair
trusts that gentlemen will not insist upon address-
ing the House in violation of the rules.
Mr. CLOPTON. I have declined voting upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Yngnna, because the State of Alabama is pro-
ceeding to consider, m a convention, what action
is required to maintain her rights, honor, and
safety; and I do not intend 10 impair the means
of a full, calm, and manly deliberation,under ex-
isting circumstances, or to impede the progress
of her action. Believing that a State has the right
to secede, and that the only remedy for present
evils is secession, I will not holdout any delusive
hope, or sanction any temporizing policy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, took the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi desire to vote ? If so, he will answer
whether he was within the bar when his name
was called.
Mi. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the per-
mission of the House, I desire to submit a single
remark 111 regard to the vote I have given.
A Mtmbcr. i object.
Mi. GARTRELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise for the purpose of entering into any debate,
but merely to state that, for reasons already as-
signed* I decline voting on the pending proposi-
tion.
Mr. MILLSON. I object to everything that
is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House consented to
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Tap-
pan] voting, although he was not within the bar
when his name was called. I was likewise out-
side the bar when my name was called, and if
the House will yield me permission, I will also
record my vote. [Cries of " Consent!"]
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the gentleman will vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not hold the reason
assigned by my colleague, by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Gautrell,] or by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Singleton,] to be
valid 
Mr. MILLSON. • I have already given notice
that I object to everything out of order.
Mr. -HOUSTON". I propose, sir, to do every-
thing I can toward the accomplishment of the
great end demanded by the country; and as the
pending pp^osition looks to that end, I cheerfully
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to say a word.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. RUFFiN. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] was permitted to proceed, and I
trust objection will not now be interposed to pre-
vent his colleague saying what he desires.
Mr. MILLSON. I must persist in my objec-
tion. I said that I would object to all discussion
out of order, and I desire that that objection may
be regarded as a standing one.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I want to state
why I shall not change my vote.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The reason why
I cast my vote ought to be stated. I will not con-
sume much of the time of the House. The pend-
ing proposition is to refer the President's annual
message to a select committee. The message has
to be referred somewhere. If the proposition were
merely to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I would be compelled
to vote font; but for myself, I prefer that the ref-
erence of tins message should be to a special com-
mittee instead of to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It is for that reason I
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to give my reasons for declining to vote.
One of my colleagues has been allowed to state
his reasons for voting in the affirmative. [Cries
of " Order!" all over the House.]
The SPEAKER. During the call of the roll
discussion is not in order unless by unanimous
consent. Objection is made, and the gentleman
from Alabama therefore cannot proceed.
Mr. COBB. The reasons assigned by my friends
who have declined voting have not been powerful
enough to induce me to withdraw my vote, and 1
therefore hang on to it.
Mr. MILES. -Mr. Speaker, the South Caro-
lina delegation have not voted on this question
because they conceive they have no interest in it.
Wc consider our Siate as already withdrawn from
the Confederacy in everything except in form.
Mr.PUGH. As my State of Alabama intends
following South Carolina out of the Union by
the 10th of Januaiy next, I pay no attention to
any action taken m this body.
The vote was then announcedasabove recorded
Mr. BOTELER moved to-reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid upon
the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. |
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do j
now adjourn. j
Mr. BOTELER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the per-
mission of the House to say a word or two.
[Cries of " No !" "Yes!" and Hear him !M]
I desire to say a word personal to myself.
, Mr. FLORENCE. If my motion to adjourn
be entertained and now pending, I cheerfully
withdraw it, in order that my distinguished friend
from Viigmia may he lnard. ji
TheSPEARER. TheChairhearsnoobjcction, ;l
and the "vntieman from Virginia will proceed.
Mr BOTELER. 1 know, sir, that it is the
custom in this House, as in other parliamentary
bodies, for the Chair to appointupon a committee^
such as the one just created, the member who has
made the initial motion. I wish it to be distinctly
understood at this stage of the proceeding's, injus-
tice to myself, in justice to the able parliamenta-
rians from the State of Virginia, and above all,
justice to the great and all-imp'ortant object sought
to be accomplished by the introduction of ray
resolution, that I especially desire not to serve
upon the committee which has just been raised.
I had no idea of serving upon it when I submitted
my proposition, and so stated to my friends. I
hope, therefore, that the usual parliamentary cour-
tesy will be waived so far as I am concerned.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the res-
olution which was read by the Cleric at ray in-
stance, as a separate proposition
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, in order that I may introduce
a business resolution.
Mr, PHELPS. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and thereupon (at a quarter to three
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 5,1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guri.ey.
The Journal of yesterday was read, in which
the following passage occurred:
" On motion of Mr. Frrcn, and by unanimous consent,
" Ordered, That the usual number of the message and
accompanying documents be printed.
" Mr. Clingman submitted the following motion for con-
sideration .*
Ordered, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, the &ame number of extra copies of the linkage of the
President of the United States as was printed of the annual
message at the List ses&ion."
Mr. CLINGMAN. There seems to beaslight
mistake in the reading of the Journal. It is not,
perhaps, very material. I took the floor yester-
day, and moved for the printing of the usual num-
ber of the President's message. Then the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] suggested the
printing of extra numbers. Our names are trans-
posed. He is represented as having made the first
motion, while the first motion was made by me;
and amotion m the nature of an additional motion
for extra numbers was made by the Senator from
Indiana. I hope that correction will be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection
of the Chair concurs with that of the Senator, and
he will order the Journal to be corrected, if there
be no objection.
The Journal was approved.
Hon. George E. Pugh, of Ohio, and Hon.
John Slidell, of Louisiana, appeared in their
seats to-day.
NEW SENATOR.
Mr. LATHAM presented the credentials of
Hon. Edward D. Baser, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Oregon a Senator from that State for
the term commencing on the 4th March, 1850,
which were read; and the oath prescribed by
law having been administered to Mr. Baker, he
took his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the state of the finances; which, on motion of
Mr. Hale, was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
PACIFIC RAILB.OAD REPORT.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following order:
Ordered, That the same number of the eleventh volume
of the Pacific railroad report, containing the maps and
charts of the surveys for a railroad from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean, as of the preceding volumes, be
published for the use of the Senaie.
If there is no objection to the resolution, I
should like tr> have it considered now.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I would rather it should
go to the Committee on Printing. There has
been an enormous sum expended on these sur- /
veys. If the Committee on Printing think it
necessary, I shall have no objection.
