8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Mr. HALE. There is no Committee on
Printing as yet. Let it lie over until to-morrow.
THE STATE OF THE UNION.
3Vlr. POWELL. X notify the Senate that, to-
morrow, i shall introduce a resolution to refer so
much of the President's message as relates to the
present penis of the country to a special com-
mittee.
THE TARIFF.
jMr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 338,
to regulate the revenue. In making this motion
my object is to fix a day for the consideration of
the hill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator, that it can only he taken up
by unanimous consent during the first six days
of the .session.
Mr. HALE. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
modify his statement. Jt 1.3 a joint rule, not a
rule of the Senate, and the biil cannot be taken
up at this time.
The question before the Senate is the motion
of the Senator from Indiana to print additional
copies of the annua! message of the President of
the United States. The Senate ad journed 011 that
motion.
Mr. CAMERON. As the bill icferrcd to by
my colleague cannot be taken up under the rules
for a certain numbci of days, I move that some
early day next week be fixed for its considera-
tion. The Treasury has no money now, and wo
ought 10 do something. I move that next Mon-
day be appropriated to (lie consideration of that
bill.
Mr. BIGLER. My motion was to take up the
bill and fix a day for its consideration; but if I
understood the Chair lightly, he decided that,
under the rules of the Senate, wo oould not take
up the bill for consideration. Without taking the
bill up, 1 do not see that a day can be fixed foi
its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
have the rule read.
The Secretary read the 21st joint rule, as fol-
lows:
uAfto) ,si\ days fiomtho commencement of a v.H-ond 01
subsequent ol Consjn;^. all bill-., ic-omtions. 01
report*, which originated m eiiln-i llou>r, and at tli<' ch)->c
ol tin.' ni'kt pn'ceding sc-mou lem.uncd imdotonmncd in
either Ilmw, shall be resumed and acted on in the same
manner as 11 an adjournment had not taken place.'3
Mr. CAMERON. I do not understand that
that rule prevents it being considered.
Mr. WADE. We cannot take it up until after
six days of the session have passed.
Mr. CAMERON. Cannot, we fix a day now
for its consideration ?
Mr. WADE. Wo cannot touch it under the
rule.
BORDER POLICE.
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask leave to present the fol-
lowing resolution; and as it is a lesulution of
inquiry dnected to a committee that is not yet
appointed, 1 will merely ask that it be read.
The Secretary road the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on th<> Judiciary ho in-
structed to inquire into the piopncty of providing by law
for establishing an aimed police loice at all necessaiy
point-* along the line separating tlx.: slave holding 1'iom the
non-i-lavehotding States lot the puipo-iC of maintaining
the general peace between the State-!; of pieventmg the
invasion ot States by citizens of another; and also lor the
efficient execution ot the lu^uive slave laws.
PRINTING OF TUB I'ltESIDEVc's MESSAGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana
to print extia numbers ot the President's mes-
sage.
Air. LANE. Mr. President, it is not my in-
tention to consume the time of the Senate at any
length, but merely to say a few words in relation
to the unhappy condition of our country.
We are all aware, Air. President, that there is
great dissatisfaction in this country, and a very
near approach, unless something can be done
very speedily, to a dissolution of the Union, it
is not very strange, as I look at it, that this con-
dition of things should exist. It has been truly
said that the election of any man to the Presi-
dency would not be good cause for a dissolution
of the Union. 1 am piepaied to say that the sim-
ple election of any man to that office, in my judg-
ment, would not be cause for a dissolution. Nor
is that the cause of complaint m the country; but
it is the principles upon which the late election
has taken place that have given rise to the trouble.
Never in any previous presidential election has
the issue been so fully put, so directly made, as
in the late one. The question everywhere was:
shall the equality of the States be maintained;
shall the people of every State have a right to go
into the common territory with their property?
And the verdict of the people has been that equal-
ity in this country shall not prevail. It is to the
effect that fifteen States of this Union shall be de-
prived of equality; that they shall not go into the
common territory with their property; thai they
are inferiors, ana must submit to inequal/ty and
degradation. Then, sir, with such a/state of
facts before us, is it strange that there sjnould be
dissatisfaction and trouble?
The platform upon which the Opposition have
succeeded in electing their President is, as I look
at it, directly in conflict with the Constitution.
It is directly in conflict with the equality of the
States; and though it is said that this'election is
in accordance with the Constitution, I must say,
in my honest opinion, that it is in violation of its
spirit. It never was contemplated by those who
made the Constitution that a sectional party,
without an electoral ticket in nearly one half the
States of the Union, upon a platform conflicting
with the Constitution and with the rights of the
States in one half of our country, should elect a
President. Though it may not be in conflict
with the letter of the Constitution, yet, as I look
at it, it is in conflict with its spirit. My opinion
to-day is, if our fathers m forming that instru-
ment had provided any means by which the
legality of this election could be tested, before the
Supreme Court if you please, they would in this
case decide m equity that the election of Mr. Lin-
coln conflicts with the Constitution of the United
States, and is consequently void.
Mr. HALE. No doubt of it.
Air. LANE. And, sir, while I know there is
no such redress, I am nevertheless, notwithstand-
ing the smiles or laughs of gentlemen on the op-
posite side, fully convinced of the correctness of
my position, that it never was contemplated, and
u cannot be consistent with the Constitution, that
one section of this country, without regard to the
rights of nearly 0110 half the States, should have
the power to elect a President on a platform in
conflict with the Constitution and in conflict with
the equality of the States of one half the country,
depriving them of equality, and depriving them
of the principle on which the Union was formed.
Without the maintenance of that principle, the
Union never could have been formed, and the
Constitution never could have been adopted. Sir,
that equality must be maintained, or this Union
cannot and ought not to last. To say that the
people of fifteen States of tins Union shall be
mferiois, that they shall be uncquals, that they
shall not have rights equal with the oilier portion
j; of the country, is a degradation that a proud,
honorable, and just people cannot submit to;and
if they should, 1 would not entertain for them
that respect that 1 do to-day. It is not consistent
with common sense, it is not consistent with
right, it is not consistent with justice, to say that
one portion of this country shall exclude the
other half of it from the common territory ac-
quired equally by the blood and treasure of every
portion of it, and appropriate the whole exclu-
sively to their use, and deprive the other half of
any participation therein.
I have witnessed the process of acquiring ter-
ritory. I know how it is done. I witnessed it
jj upon the battle-field when i saw the brave Mis-
j| sissippi regiment led on by the gallant Davis. I
lj saw the Kentucky regiment, too, behaving gal-
i lantiy in the same battle, commingling theii 'blood
i with tSie good soldiers of the noithcrn States.
I By the victories achieved in that war we acquired
I territory; and now gentlemen on the other side
i say that it shall be appropriated to their exclu-
■ sive use and that of their section. I can see ao
1 justice in such declarations. I can see no good
sense'or patriotism, fraternity, or equality, or good
faith, in such a declaration of principles. Upon
what principle of right can a northern, sectional
party set up exclusive claim to territory acquired
at such sacrifice of southern as well as northern
blood? Can such unjust pretensions be allowed,
or can the Union be preserved on such terms? I
think not. To preserve the Union, we must be
just, and carry out in good faith e\ery provision
and guarantee of the Constitution.
It is not only true, sir, that the platform of
principles sets forth all that I state, but I recol-
lect lately reading the speech of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] made in the presence
of Mr. Lincoln, in which he spoke of the great
triumph—the election of Lincoln. He said it
had secured one great object. One great thing
had been accomplished by this victory: it was,
free territory; that slavery should never be ex-
tended upon another foot of the territory of this
country.
In addition to that, sir, we have seen a letter
from the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle]—1 will have it before me di-
rectly—in which he commences by saying that-
it is indeed a great triumph; that it has settled
forever the question af free territory; that slavery
shall not be extended into the Territories by any
act, however bold or however specious; neither
by border-ruffian invasions, nor by the decrees
of courts, nor by congressional slave codes; but
that the territory now acquired, or to be hereaftei
acquired, from Mexico 01 Great Biitain—throw-
ing his eye over all the opportunities of acquiring
territory, seeing we could only acquire it from
the one or the other—shall forever remain free.
He does not stop there, sir. He professes to
own a portion of the people of this couniiy—
Florida, Louisiana, Texas—to have purchased
them; and that he is going to hold 011 to them;
that they paid a large sum of money, and n-icm-
ficed forty thousand lives and $100,000,G:K) to
defend them, and he is not going to permit ihem
to go out of this Union. They cost a price that
he enumerates; and he intends to hold them here,
and they shall have no lot or part in the common
Territories of our common country. Will  >ur
people in that portion of the country thus spoken
of, knowing that the platform of principles upon
which that party succeeded in the late election is
in conflict with their equality, is in conflict with
the Constitution; and with these threats at meet-
ings rejoicing over their success, and the wutten
views of distinguished gentlemen on that side—
will they sit still? Will they submit? I ask you,
sir, and the patriotism of the country, will they
submit to this kind of inferiority, to this kind of
insult, inequality, and degradation ? if they do,
sir, without a guarantee that cannot hereafter bo
broken, that they shall have equality in this coun-
try, and enjoy rights with the other States, then
they arc not worthy to be called American'citizens
or Irecmen.
I would do anything, sir, to save this Union ,
but it must be saved upon honorable terms; it
must be saved upon the principles of the Consti-
tution. The obnoxious laws—laws violative of a
faithful and prompt execution of the fugitive slave
law—now 011 the statute-books of the northern
! States, must he repealed, and such guarantees
made as will satisfy every man thathereafterthcir
rights shall be safe. I would not advise them to
be very ready in accepting promises. They arc
easily made and easily broken.
Then I say, sir, without such guarantees as
| will secure to every portion of this country un-
questioned equality, without such guarantees as
! wjll enable every man of every State in this
! Union to go into the common territory and take
his property and enjoy it while the teintonal
1 condition remains, there can be no peace m this
country; there can be no Union. It does not
exist to-day. That fraternity, that good faith,
that honorable feeling and just action that con-
trolled our fathers, does not exist m this country
to-day. There must be a change of head, and I
would to God of heart also. Heaven can woik
a miracle. It did upon Saint Paul, and I would
be very glad to see it done m thiN country, and
the hearts of the people throughout the land
changed, and good will, good faith, honotahle
feeling, and just action restored, and then the
country would go on together forever. Rut
while I say these things, I want it understood
distinctly that I would ask nothing for Oregon
that she is not entitled to under the Constitm xm ;
but that I would have, and nothing less. And,
sir,I say,if the South had the numerical strength,
and could, by action here, or in any other way,
