10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
of its provisions, be they onerous or otherwise.
Let me say further, sir, that if there are gentle-
men who look to the settlement of this contro-
versy by further concessions from the North, I
think they miscalculate and mistake. I believe
the difficulty has been that we have conceded too
much; we have compromised too much; and we
have got to that position of things that whenever
any fault is found, the ever recurring remedy to
the minds of patriots and statesmen, is still further
concessions from the North. I agree-—I have
said it here, I have said it to my own people at
home, I am willing to repeat it here—I agree that
under the Constitution of the United States you
are entitled to demand and to have an honest and
a fair discharge of that obligation which is im-
posed on all the States in regard to the rendition
of fugitive slaves; and I am willing, perfectly
willing, that there shall be an honest, fair, and
faithful performance of that pledge.
I listened to the Senator from North Carolina
yesterday, and 1 agreed in very much that ho
said—more in what he said as general truths than
in the particular application that he wished to
make ; but I can tell that honorable Senator, if
he will sum up every case of injury, of suffering,
of aggression by the whole of the free States upon
the right that they have to recapture fugitive
slaves, and put it all down in its darkest colors;
draw the image as hideous as truth and fancy
can make it, when the sum is all told, 1 can show
him aggressions upon the rights of citizens of the
free States—upon the constitutional right which
is conferred on the citizens of each State in every
State—I can show cases of aggression against
that right that will infinitely outweigh and out-
number everything that can be brought in the
way of aggression by the free States upon the
rights of the South m regard to the recapture of
their slaves. *
Sir, we arc trying an experiment, I believe
we <ue m its ci isis. I have never been of that
number who havc been disposed to sympathize
with 4th of July orators, who "have been in the
habit, for the last half or three quarters of a cen-
tury, of gioiifyjng tins country and telling what
great things she had done. I have uniformly
said, when I have had occasion to address the
public on the subject, " We have done nothing ;
we arc but at the beginning of a great experi-
ment." We talk of our Republic! Why, sir, it
has not yet outlived the ages of the soldiers who
fought its battles and won its victories; but yet
we arc boastingof our victory. Sir, I think Home
existed as a Republic for six hundred years,and
they might well boast of something that they had
done ; but that Republic passed away. We have
not yet survived the lifetime of the men who
fought the battles of liberty, or of the patriots
and sages who foi med our Constitution of gov-
ernment. What wo have obtained, we have ob-
tained by a great effort and a great price. It was
not the mere price of the American Revolution;
it was not the nieie juice of the patriot blood that
was shed, or of the patriot counsels that formed
the Constitution; but away back, centuries upon
centuries m English history, where power and
piineiple contended against each other with al-
ternate success and defeat—in all those centuries
thcie had been going on the contest which is cul-
minating in our experiment here; and no patriot
blood that was poured out on the battle-fields in
the civil wars of England has been insignificant
in relation to this conflict.
Now sir, 1 have said nearly all that I propose
to say, unless I am provoked by and by to say
more, which 1 hope I shall not be; but, sir, I will
add this: we shall present a most humiliating
spectacle to the world if, atthisnme, when by the
acknowledgment of the President of the United
States the blessings of Heaven have descended
upon this people in nil the channels of their efforts
and their business to an unexampled degree;
when the bounties of Heaven have been showered
down upon us with no niggaid hand; at a time,
too, when, by the confession of a Senator from
Geoigid,not nowii! hisseat, [Mr. Toombs,] made
last yi aron the floorofthe Senate—I cannot quote
hn vry words, but I can his sentiment—this
G< iv rui Government was faithfully performing
ah its functions iu relation to ihc slave States, and
in relation to every State, never more faithfully
than at ihe present time; I, s.iy, if under such
eircuuistances, with a faithful Government, and, 1
will add, a subservient judiciary > with the bless-
ings of Providence coming down upon us as they
arc, if at such a time this Confederacy should
burst, this glorious fraternity of States be dissev-
ered, and we try, by the doubtful contingencies
of separate State action, to carry out the great ex-
periment of human liberty, we shall present a
most humiliating spectacle. Why, sir, the very
day, the very hour, that weare.commgto such a
result, and thus developing our experiment, the
Statesof Italy, that for centuries have gone th rough
the baptism of fire and blood, groaning beneath
the iron heel of despotism, one under this, and
another under that, are throwing off the yoke and
uniting together—:I say that, at such a time, when
the classic States of Italy, taught by the bitter ex-
perience of centuries, arc seeking, by a consolida-
ted constitutional government, to come together
and unite their energies for liberty, for independ-
ence, and for progress, if we, untaught by all the
past, rcckless of the present, and blind to the
future, should madly dash ourselves upon this dark
ocean, whose shores no eye of prophecy or of faith
can discern, we shall present a sad spectacle to
the world. Sir, I do not know what is to be the
future; but I do hope that, if we cannot settle this
difficulty in the spirit in which it ought to be set-
tled, we shall at least have the courage and the
manhood to look it straight in the face, and un-
derstand what it is.
I know nothing, sir, about the policy of the
incoming Administration. I have never passed
a word, by mouth or by letter, with the Presi-
dent elect since he has been nominated for the
high office to which the people have elected him.
It has been my fortune, since I have had a seat
upon this floor, to find myself uniformly, con-
stantly, and perscveringly, in the opposition to the
Administration. I am far from certain that I
have not got to take the same position in regard
tQ the incoming Administration—very far. One
thih^fs certain: if that Administration shall quail
in the perfoimance of its duty, if its head shall
hesitate, as Mr Buchanan has done, to look the
tiling clearly in the face, and mark out a policy
consistent with honor and patriotism, he certainly
will not find me among the number of his sup-
ported.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going, sir, to enter
into debate; for, standing here as the representa-
tive of Mississippi, who has assumed her own
attitude, and will, in her own way and in her own
good time, vindicate her position, silence, I feel,
best becomcs mc; but the Senator from New
Hampshire, as I understand him, presents the
issue on the other side, which we are expected to
meet.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a
single moment?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HALE. The Senator says I present the
issue of the other side. Let me say this, to put
that Senator right, and everybody else who takes
an interest in what so humble an individual as I
am has said. What I have said, I have said of my-
self, without any consultation with any human
being. I do not know that it is any more agree-
able to my friends on this side than it is to those
on the other. I have spoken for myself and a
very small State away down East, and only for
ha] f of her.
Mr. BROWN. I am chiefly concerned to as-
certain, Mr. President, whether I understand the
issue presented by the Senator as he desires to
have it understood. As I comprehended him, he
presented this issue: that the South must submit
to the election of Abraham Lincoln, with all the
consequences flowing from that election, or war
i* inevitable. Did J understand the Senator cor-
rectly ? Does he, even speaking for himself, pre-
sent the issue to us in that form, that we must
submit to the election of Abraham Lincoln, and
whatever may legitimately flow from it, or war
is to be the consequence? 1 understand the Sen-
ator to present the issue in that form.
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator want an an-
swei now?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; I desire it now.
Mr. HALE. "Well, Mr. President, I think !
you and everybody else who did me the honor
to bsfen to me, will bear me witness that I ut-
tered no threats at all. I only spoke of what I
supposed would b" the inevitable consequence.
A President has been elected in the forms of the
Constitution.^The Senator will indulge me a
moment while I am up. The Senator from North
Carolina says that only a minority of the votes
of the people elected him. That is the truth; but
a minority of the votes elected James Buchanan;
a minority of the votes elected James K. Polk,
and I did nat hear on these occasions any objec-
tion made on that account, because it was a con-
stitutional majority. They were elected in the
form which the people prescribed in the Consti-
tution, and so has Mr. Lincoln been. Now,
what I have said, is this: the majority must yield,
or the minority; we cannot all prevail on every
issue. The majority have elected the President.
The South refuse to submit. I do not say they
do, but I am putting that alternative. If they
refuse to submit, I say that, in my humble judg-
ment, war will be the consequence. I do not say
it shall, or it must, but I say I believe it will,
and that it will naturally follow, and cannot be
avoided.
Mr. BROWN. We then, sir,understand each
other substantially alike. Now, where is this
war to come from? Does the Senator, or do those
who sympathize with him, suppose that South
Carolina and Georgia and Alabama and Mis-
sissippi and Florida and Texas, who, it is sup-
posed , sympathize with South Carolina in all her
present movements, and mean for good or for evil
fortune to go with her—does the Senator suppose
that they arc going to make war upon the North?
If he docs, let me say to him, once for all, that
he is most egrcgiously mistaken. All we ask is
that we be allowed to depart in peace. Do you
mean to say that that is not to be allowed us,
that we shall neither have peace in the Union, nor
be allowed the poor boon of seeking it out of the
Union? If that be your attitude, war is inevita-
ble. We feel as every American citizen not
blinded by passion and by prejudice must feel, that
in this transaction we have been deeply aggrieved;
that the accumulating wrongs of years have finally
culminated in your triumph—not the triumph of
Abraham Lincoln, not your individual triumph—
but in the triumph of principles, to submit to
which would be the deepest degradation that a free
people ever submitted to. Wo cannot. Calmly,
quietly, with all the dignity which I can summon,
1 say to you, we will notsubmit to it. We invite
no war; we expect none, and hope for none. We
say in the language which I once used to the Sen-
ator from New Yoik not now in his scat, [Mr.
Sewaiid,] "Let thoie be no strife, I piay thee,
between me and thee, and between my herdmen
and thy herdmen, for we be brethren. If thou wilt
take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or
if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to
the left." All we ask is to be allowed to depart
in peace. Submit we will not; and if, because we
will not submit to your domination, you choose
to make war upon us, let God defend the right.
Mr. 1VERS0N. I do not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of entering at any length into this
discussion, or to defend the President's message,
which has been attacked by the Senator from
New Hampshire. I am not the mouth-piece of
the President, While I do not agree with some
portions of the message, and some of the posi-
tions ffhich have been taken by the President, I
do nmperceive all the inconsistencies in that doc-
ument which the Senator from New Hampshire
has thought proper to present.
It is true, that the President denies the consti-
tutional right of a State to secede from the Union;
while, at the same time, he also states that this
Federal Government has no constitutional right
to enforce or to coerce a State back into the Union
which may take upon itself the responsibility of
secession I do not S(?e any inconsistency in that.
The President, may be right when he asserts the
fact that no State has a constitutional right to
secede from the Union. I do not myself place
the rightof a State to secede from the Union upon
constitutional grounds. I admit that the Con-
stitution has not granted that power to a State.
It is exceedingly doubtful even whether the right
has been reserved. Certainly it has not been re-
served in expiess terms. I therefore do not place
the expected action of any of the southern States,
in the present contingency, upon the constitu-
tional right of secession; and I am not prepared
to dispute, therefore, the position which the Pres-
ident has taken upon that point.
I rather agree with UiePresideiiUhutthoscceS'
