THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
sion of a State is an act of revolution taken through
that particular means or by that particular meas-
ure. It withdraws from the Fedeial compact,
disclaims any further allegiance to it, and sets it-
self up as a separate government, an independent
State. The State does it at its peril, of course,
because it may or may not be cause of war by the
remaining States composing the Federal Govern-
ment. If they think proper to consider it such
an act of disobedience, or if they consider that
the policy of the Federal Government be such
that it cannot submit to this dismemberment, why
then they may or may not make war if they
choose upon the seceding States. It will be a ques-
tion of course for the Federal Government or the
remaining States to decide for themselves, whether
they will permit a State to go out of the Union, and
remain as a separate and independent State, or
whether they will attempt to force her bark at the
point of the bayonet. That is a question, I pre-
sume, of policy and of expediency, which will be
considered by the remaining States composing the
Federal Government, through their organ, the
Federal Government, whenever the contingency
arises.
But, sir, while aState has no power,under the
Constitution, conferred upon it to secede from the
Federal Government or from the Union, each
State has the right of revolution, which all admit.
Whenever the buidens of the Government under
which it acts become so onerous that it cannot
bear them, or if anticipated evil shall be so great
that the State believes it would be better off—
even risking the perils of secession—out of the
Union than in it, then that State, in my opinion,
like all people upon earth, has the right to ex-
ercise the great fundamental principle of self-
preservation, and go out of the Union—though,
of course, at its own peril—and bear the risk of
the consequences. And while no State may have
the constitutional right to secede from the Union,
the President may not be wrong when he says
the Federal Government has no power undei the
Constitution to compel the Slate to < ome back
into the Union. It may be a casus omissus in the
Constitution; but I should like to know where
the power exists in the Constitution of the United
States to authorize the Federal Government to
coerce a sovereign State. It does not exist in
terms, at any rate, in the Constitution. I do not
think thoje is any inconsistency, therefore, be-
tween the two positions of the President in the
message upon these particular points.
The only fault I have to find with the message
of the President, is the inconsistency of another
portion. He declares that,as the States have no
power to secede, the Federal Government is in
fact a consolidated Government; that it is not a
voluntary association of States. I deny it. It
was a voluntary association of States. No State
was ever forced to come into the Federal Union.
Every State came voluntarily into it. It was an
association, a voluntary association of States;
and the President's position that it is not a vol-
untary association is, in my opinion, altogether
wrong.
But whether that be so or not, the President
declares and assumes that this Government is a
consolidated Government to this extent: that all
the laws of the Federal Government are to operate
directly upon each individual of the States, if not
upon the States themselves, and must be cnfoiccd;
and yet, at the same Ume, he says that the State
which sccedcs is not to be coerced. He says that
the laws of the United States must be enforced
against every individual of aState. Of course the
State is composed of individuals within its limits,
and if you enforce the laws and obligations of the
Federal Government against each and every in-
vidual of the State, you enforce them against a
State. While, therefore, lie says that a State is
not to be coerced, he declares, in the samebreath,
his determination to enforce thelaws of the Union,
and the) efoie tocoerce the State if a State goes out.
There is the inconsistency, according to my idea,
which 1 do not syc how the President or anybody
else cat) reconcile. That the Federal Government
is to enforce its laws over the seceding State,and
yet not coerce her into obedience, is to me incom-
prehensible.
Bui I did not rise. Mr. President, to discuss
these questions in relation to the message; 1 ro*e
in behalf of th«> State that I represent, as well as
other southern States that are engaged in tins
movement, to accept the issue which the Senator
from New Hampshire has seen fit to tender—that
is, of war. Sir, the southern States that are now
moving in this matter, are not doing it without
due consideration. We have looked over the
whole field. We believe that the only security
for the institution to which we attach so much
importance is secession and a southern confeder-
acy. We are satisfied, notwithstanding the dis-
claimers upon the part of the Black Republicans
to the contrary, that they intend to use the Fed-
eral power, when they get possession of it, to
put down and extinguish the institution of slavery
in the southern States. I do not intend to enter
upon the discussion of that point. That, how-
ever, is my opinion. It is the opinion of a large
majority of those with whom I associate at home,
and I believe of the southern people. Believing
that this is the intention and object, the ultimate
aim and design of the Republican party, the
Abolitionists of the North, we do not intend to
stay in this Union until we shall become so weak
that we shall not be able to resist when the time
comes for resistance. Our true policy is the one
whifldi we have made up our minds to follow.
Ou/true policy is, to go out of this Union now
w/ile we have strength to resist any attempt on
t/c part of the Federal Government to coerce us.
vi I can tell the Senator from New Hampshire,
*is well as all of his friends, when they talk about
South Carolina going out, that she is not the
only State that is going out. Her destiny is be-
yond doubt fixed. She is determined, in the
graphic language of her distinguished Senator,
not here to-day, [Mr. Hammond,] to go out high,
dry, and forever; and there are other States that
intend to follow her example. So far as my own
State is conccrned, she is the last one in the
scries of those who have ordered conventions to
act upon the subject; but although she is the last
one whose decision will be made of the five States,
I have the confidence to assert here upon, this
floor that she will not be behind her sisters in
the boldness, decision, and firmness of her action.
I am satisfied that South Carolina will resolve
herself into a separate, sovereign, and independ-
ent State, before the ides of January; that Flor-
ida and Mississippi, whose conventions are soon to
meet, will follow the exampleof South Carolina;
and that Alabama—proud daughter of my own
State—actuated by a patriotism and pride, will
follow this noble example which South Carolina
will set to her sisters, and will go out of the Union
on the 7th of January. Then the Georgia con-
vention follows on the 16th of that month; and if
these other surrounding sisters shall take the
step, Georgia will not be behind; and, sir, before
the 4th of March—before you inaugurate your
President—there will be ceitainly five States, if
not right of them, that will be out of the Union
and have formed a constitution and frame of
government for themselves.
As the Senator from New Hampshire very
properly remarked, it is time to look this thing
in the face. The time is rolling rapidly to the
consummation of these great objects; and, in my
opinion, there is nothing this side of Heaven that
can prevent their consummation. Youtalkabout
concessions. You talk about repealing the per-
sonal liberty bills as a concession to the South.
Repeal thein all to-morrow, sir, and it would not
stop the progress of this revolution. It is not
your personal liberty bills that we dread. Those
persoijpfrhberty bills are obnoxious tousnoton
account of their practical operation, not because
they prevent us from reclaiming our fugitive
slaves, but as an evidence of that deep-seated,
wide-spread hostility to our institutions, which |
must sooner or later end in this Union in their ]
extinction. That is the reason we object to your
personal liberty bills. It is not because that m
their practical operation they ever do any harm.
But, sir, if all the liberty bills were repealed to-
day, the South would no more gam her fugitive
slaves tiicUi if they were in existence. It is not
the personal libeitv laws; it is mob laws that we
fear. It is the existence and action of the public
sentiment of the northern States that are opposed
to this institution of slavery, and are dotei mined
to break it down—to use all the power of the Fed-
eial Government, as wtH as ev< rv other power
in their hands, to bring about its ultimate and
speedy extinction. That is what we apprehend,
and what m part moves us to look for security
and protection in secession and a southern con-
federacy. '
Nor do we suppose that there will be any overt
acts upon the part of Mr. Lincoln. For one, I
do not dread these overt acts. I do not propose
to wait for them. Why, sir, the power of this
Federal Government could be so exercised against
the institution of slavery in the southern States
as that, without an overt act, the institution would
not last ten years. We kn£fw that, sir; and see-
ing the storm which is approaching, although it
may be seemingly in the distance, we are determ-
ined to seek our own safety and security before
it shall burst upon us and overwhelm us with its
fury, when we are not in a situation to defend
ourselves.
Now, sir, we intend to go out of this Union. I
speak what I believe upon this floor, that, before
the 4th of March, five of the southern States at
least will have declared their independence; and
I am satisfied that three others of the cotton States
will follow as soon as the action of the people can
be had. Arkansas, whose Legislature is now in
session, will, in all probability, call a convention
at an early day. Louisiana will follow. Her
Legislature is to meet; and although there is a
clog in the way of the lone-star State of Texas
in the person of her Governor, who will not con-
sent to call her Legislature together, and give the
people of that State an opportunity to act, yet the
public sentiment in that State is so decided in
favor of this movement that even the Governor will
be overridden; and if he does not yield to public
sentiment, some Texan Brutus will arise to rid his
country of the hoary-headed incubus that stands
between the people and their sovereign will.
We intend, Mr. President, to go outpcaceably
if we can, forcibly if we must; but I do not be-
lieve, with the Senator from New Hampshire,
that there is going to be any war. If five or eight
States go out, they will necessarily draw all the
other southern States after them. That is a con-
sequence tliat.nothingcan prevent. If five or eight
States go out of this Union, I should like to see
the man that would propose a declaration of war
against them, or attempt to force them into obe-
dience to the Federal Government at the point of
the bayonet or the sword.
Sir, there has been a good deal of vaporing on
this subject. A great many threats have been
thrown out. I have heard them on this floor, and
upon the floor of the other House of Congress;
but I have also perceived this: they come from
those who would be the very last men to attempt
to put their threats into execution. Men talk
sometimes about their eighteen million who are
to whip us; and yet we have heard of cases in
which just such men had suffered themselves to
be switched in the face, and trembled like sheep-
stealmg dogs, expecting to be shot every minute.
These threats generally come from men who
would be the very last to execute them. Some
of these northern editors talk about whipping the
southern States like spaniels. Brave words; but
I venture to assert none of those men would ever
volunteer to command an army, to be sent down
South, to coerce us into obedience to Federal
power.
But, sir, there is to be no war. The northern
States are controlled by sagacious men, like the
distinguished Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward.] Where public opinion and action arc
thus controlled by men of common sense, who
know well that they cannot succeed in a war
against the southern States, no such attempt of
coercion will be made. If one State alone was to
go out, unsustamed by her surrounding sister
States, possibly war might ensue, and there might
be an attempt made to coerce her, and that would
give rise to civil war; but, sir, South Carolina is
not to go out alone. In my'opinion, she will bo
sustained by all her southern sisters. They may
not nil go out immediately; but they will, m the
end, join South Carolina in this important move-
ment; and we shall, in the next twelve months,
haw* a confederacy of the southern States, and a
government inaugurated, and in successful oper-
ation, which, in my opinion, will be a govern-
ment of the greatest prosperity and power that
the world has ever seen. There will be ho war,
in my opinion. Such an effort would be fruitless,
and men of sense know it.
There are but two instances in modern history
in which a nation has been overcome by a foreign
