14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
single proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; which is, that we are attempting to reverse
the rule that a majority should govern. Now,
sir, I admit that a constitutional majority has a
right to govern; and I would never have thought
of resisting the inauguration of any President who
■was elected by a constitutional majority. I know
that there is much truth, there is much philosophy
in Dogberry's saying, "An two men ride of a
horse, one must ride behind;" and if wc proposed
to remain in this Union we should undoubtedly
submit to the inauguration of any man who was
elected by a constitutional majority. We propose
uothing of that sort. We simply say that a man
who is distasteful to us has been elected, and wc
choose to consider that as a sufficient ground for
leaving the Union, and we intend to leave the
Union. Then, if you desire it, bring us back.
"When you undertake that and have accomplished
it, you may ho like the man who purchased the
elephant—you may find it rather difficult to decide
-what you will do with the animal. [Laughter.]
I had intended, sir, to go somewhat into detail
in discussing the propositions of the message; but
I shall forbear to do'it. There is no proposition
now befoie us to print any additional numbers;
and in common courtesy to the executive de-
partment, I suppose that we should let the ordi-
nary number bo published. There is one mat-
tor in the message in reference to which, at the
proper time, I shall introduce a resolution in order
to prevent any bad effects which may flow from
it—1 allude to the portion of the message in which
the President speaks of having sent orders to the
officers commanding the forts at Charleston to
stand on the defensive. I wish to know the ex-
tent of those orders; and I wish to know that in
ordei that we may now piovide for the evil which
he may precipitate upon us. The people of South
Carolina—and 1 speak of thorn simply because
they have no Representative on this floor—are a
law-abiding people. They are not in the habit of
having mobs in that country. They propose to
meet in convention—that convention being callcd
by the government of the State; and I enteitaui
no doubt that that convention will pass a solemn
ordinance levoking the ratification of the treaty
which binds them to the other States. In the
mean time, they, as a matter of course, will not
attempt to interfere, by force or otherwise, with
any Federal troops who may be within the limits
of the State; but I say to Senators—and I wish
it had been said to the President of the United
States—that if, after that State has withdrawn
from the Union, and a sufficient time has been
given to this Government to withdraw its troops
from those forts, this Government shall authori-
tatively deny to that people the right of self-gov-
ernment, and attempt to keep hostile armies within
the boiders of that Slate, those forts will betaken,
and blood will flow. The President, in his mes-
sage, says that there is no power on the part of
this Government to keep the Union together by
forcc; and yet, in the very same breath, lie says
that he will collect the levenues in the port of
Charleston even after the State has seceded. At
least, so 1 understand his message. He says that
there can be no conflict between the Federal ju-
dicial power and the authorities or people of the
State, because he has no judicial y theic. Is there
anything to pre\ent him irom appointing a judge ;
Is there anything to pieventhim from appointing
a marshal;
Mr. LANE. ] beg pardon of the Senator; but
I think he is making a mistake in relation to the
message; and I am sure he would not do injus-
tice to tiie President. I do not understand the
President to say that he will collect duties after
South Carolina shall secede. I only mention it
that the Senator may make the correction.
All. WiGFALL. I confess, sir, that I do not
understand it; and the more 1 read it the less do I
comprehend it. In one clause, the Piesident
says:
" In order to justify a revolt to revolutionaiy resistance,
the redetal Government mu^t be guilty of a ' deliberate,
palpable, and danjieiotis exercise " ot powers not grunted
by the Constitution." -«*■<• "Reason,
justice, a legiiid lor the Constitution, all require Unit we
falialI wait l<n -otiic owit and dangerous act on the parr of
the Piesident. elect boto e lemoning to such a reined^.''
In another clause, after stating that the north-
ern Legislatuics have attempted to nullify the
fugitive slave law, and have defeated its operation,
and have continued this course, and that they
should repeal these obnoxious laws, he continues
by declaring that, if they do not—
" In that event, the injured States, after having fn stuped
all peaceful and constitutional means to obtain redress,
would be justified in revolutionary lesibtance to the Gov-
ernment of the Union."
Thus, in one clause he distinctly declares that,
unless the Government of the Union itself shall
commit some act of aggression, they have no
cause for resisting its authority; and in the next,
that if those States do not repeal their obnoxious
laws, then icsistance to the Government of the
Union is to be the remedy. In another clause,
he says:
"In oidcr to justify sceessionasaconstitutional remedy,
it must be on the principle that the Federal Government is
a mere voluntary association of States, to bo dissolved at
pleasure by any one of the connecting parties. If this be
so, the Confederacy is a rope of sand, to be penetrated and
dissolved by the first adverse wavo of public opinion in any
of the States. In this' manner our thnty-thiee States may
resolve themselves into as many petty, jailing, and hostile
Republics, each one ictiring from the Union j without re-
sponsibility, whenever any sudden excitement might impel
them to such a corn sc. By this process a Union might be
entiiely bioken into fragments m a few week*, which cost
our forefathers may years of toil, privation, and blood to
Catabli&h."
There it is distinctly denied that this is a vol-
untary association of States; and yet, in another
clause; he says:
<c The fact is that our Union rests upon public opinion,
and can never bo cemented by the blood of its citizens shed
in civil war. If it cannot live in the affections of the peo-
ple, it must one day perish. Congress possess many means
of preserving 11 by conciliation; but the sword was not
placed in their nand to preserve it by force."
I say, therefore, that I do not really compre-
hend what the meaning of the President is; but
on one subject I think I do, and that is as to col-
lecting revenues. He says distinctly that when
the judicial officers have all resigned, there is no
possible mode of administering justice there. I
do not comprehend that, because I think he could
appoint other judges and other marshals, or could
recommend Congress to make the State of South
Carolina a part of the district of Georgia or of
North Carolina; but he then goes on, and says:
"The tame in&upcrable obstacles do not lie in the way
of executing the law. for the collection of the custom*.
The levenuu still continues to bo collected, a^ iieietotore,
at the custom-house in Charleston; and should the col-
lector unfoitunately lesign, a successor may be appointed
to potloim this duty."
Where the difficulty of appointing n successor
to the judge and not to the collector? Then he
goes on:
"Then, in regatd to the property of theUnited States m
South Caiolma, This has been purchased for a fair equiv-
alent, 'by the consent of the Legislature of the State,'
Mm the erection of foit^, magazines, arsenals,' 8cc., and
over these the authority Mo exercise exclusive legisla-
tion' lias* been expressly granted by the Constitution to
Congress. Itin not believed that any attempt will he made
to expel the United State* from this property by foice ; but
if in this i should prove to be mistaken, the officer in com-
mand of the ton* has received otders to act strictly on the
dek-nsive. In Mich a contingency, the ic-ponsilnlity for
continences would lightly lest upon the head ol the
a^&aiUntK."
I then, sir, removing the brush from the way
as well as I can, and beating about through this
labynnth and trying to find out the views of the
Piesident, have come to the conclusion that
he believes it is impossible to organize Federal
courts in South Carolina, or enfoicethc decisions
of judicial tribunals there; but that whether the
State secedes or not, he has the power to collect
the customs there, and that he has the power to
hold the foits, and that it is his purpose to do
that thing. Now, as I have said, I shall intro-
duce a resolution at an early moment to ascer-
tain what are the orders that have gone from
the War Department to the officers in command
of those forts; for while the President seems de-
sirous to preserve this Union, if the construction
shall be put upon his message in South Carolina
which I put on it, I believe that he will precipi-
tate the very issue which he seems intent to avoid
If this people shall come to the conclusion that
this Government does intend ultimately to deny
them the right of living under such a form of gov-
ernment as they see fit; if they shall come to the
conclusion that this Government intends to keep
them in the Union by the power of the swoid; if
they shall come to the conclusion that they are
lio longer freemen, that they cannot look to then-
own State government for protection, that they
have no means of asserting the light of self-gov-
ernment except that which belongs to their ne-
groes or to the serfs of Russia; if they believe
that thi3 Government will hold those forts and
collect revenues from them after they have ceased
to be one of the States of this Union; my judg-
ment is, that the moment they become satisfied of
that fact, they will take the forts, and blood will
then begin to flow.
It is, therefore, important that there should be
a construction put upon this message; it is im-
portant that it should be known what the Presi-
dent means; and if he intends to carry out that
policy, or this Congress intends to do it—when
that is made manifest I, for one, would urge
forbearance no longer. Frederick the Great, on
one occasion, when ho had trumped up an old
title to some of the adjacent territory,quietly put
himself in possession and then offered to treat.
Were I a South Carolinian, as I am a Texan,
and I knew that my State was going out of the
Union, and that this Government would attempt
to use force, I would, at the first moment that
that fact became manifest, seize upon the forts
and the arms and the munitions of war, and raise
the cry " to your tents, oh Israel, and to the God
of battles be this issue."
Mr. LANE. I only desire to read that part of
the President's message in regard to which I in-
terrupted my good friend-from Texas. I do not
understand the President to say that he contem-
plates collecting revenue 111 a foreign port, or in
South Carolina after she shall have gone out of
the Union. After enumerating the reasons why
the laws of the United States cannot now be ex-
ecuted in South Carolina, owing to the resigna-
tion of the officers, the President says:
'•'Tile same insuperable obstacles do not he in the way
of executing the laws for the collection of the customs
The revenue still continues to he collected, a<- heretofore,
at the custom-house in Chaileston; and should the col-
lector unfoitunately lesign, u successor may be appointed
to perform this duty."
That is, for the present. I take it for gianted
that the President does not hold that he would
have the right to collect revenue in a foreign port,
or in a port of another country. Butletthis mat-
ter be as it may, I will say that the President has
arrived at a logical, sensible, and correct conclu-
sion when he says there is no power m this Gov-
ernment that can authorize the use of force against
a State. I do not understand him as the Senator
does; but if he is wrong on other matters, on
this great principle he is right. This Government
has no power to hold a State in this Union by
force. No sensible man would undertake to hold
it together in that way; and I will say now, sir,
that that man who shall inaugurate civil war by
undertaking to hold it together by force, will be
the greatest murderer that ever disgraced the form
of man, and will go down to his giave covered
with the curses of Heaven from his head to his
heels, besides the curses of thousands of widows
and orphans. No man, I trust, will ever under-
take m this country to use force towards a State;
and all that the President has said on that sub-
ject, I most heartily indorse.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not rise, Mr. Pres-
ident, for the purpose of protracting this unne-
cessary and most unfortunate debate; hut I rise
simply to say in the presence of the r"pi<_senta-
tives of the different States, that my State having
been the first to adopt the Constitution, will be
the last to do any act or countenance any act cal-
culated to lead to the separation of the'States of
this glorious Union. She has shared too much
of its blessings; her people pet formed too much
service in achieving the glorious liberties which
we now enjoy and fa establishing the Constitu-
tion under which we live, to cause any sou of
hers to raise his hand against those institutions
or against that Union. Sir, when that Union
shall be destioyed by the madness and folly of
others, (if, unfortunately, it shall be so destroyed,)
it will be time enough then for Delaware and her
Representatives to say what will be her couise.
[Applause in the galleries; which was suppressed
by the Chair.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bo no
objection, the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire to reconsider the vote by which the
usual number of the President's message was or-
dered to be printed, may be withdrawn. [" No
objection."]
HOMESTEAD BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
