THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0. /
Thuitv-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1860.
New Series.,...No. 2.
.. Mr. STANTON. I do not very well under-
stand this business. I was not aware myself that
any bills had been reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means at the present session, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I do not think anybody else
was. The bills have not been printed at all. The
House has not yet been furnished with the esti-
mates of the Treasury Department for the ensu-
ing year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that the bill was re-
ported from the Committee of Waysand Means,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and was made the special
order. It has been considered by the committee
and laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague is a little be-
hind time. The estimates have been printed, and
are in the boxes of members. If he has not read
them, it is his own fault. These are the ordinary
appropriations—the same sums as were appro-
priated last year and the year before; and I can
see no cause for delay.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I do not so understand.
The Chair stated that if there was no objection it
would be laid aside, and I then rose to make ob-
jection. I take it that it has not been laid aside.
I do not desire to interpose any unnecessary ob-
stacles, certainly, to the passage of appropriation
bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider
the question still open for debate, if the gentle-
man from Oino desires to debate it.
Mr. STANTON. All I desire to say is that
1 was not myseit aware that estimates had been
submitted to the House. If so, they have been
submitted earlier than usual. There has been no
order to print them; and how they were printed
I do not know. It is perfectly apparent, how-
ever, that it is improper to pass appropriation
bills in this way. There is not a single member
of this House, outside of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who has looked into the estimates.
This bill goes entirely on trust. It may be all
well enough; but this action is a little more speedy
than I desire. I would a little rather this bill
should go over till we have an opportunity of com-
paring it with the estimates. I would a little
rather this bill should be printed for that purpose.
I am willing that the bill should be laid aside in-
formally, and passed over for the present; and
then let it be taken up in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, when the House
goes again into committee.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman——
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope my friend from
Iowa will allow me to correct an error into which
my colleague has fallen in regard to the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury. My colleague
ought to know that accoiding to law, these esti-
mates are printed and laid on the table at the be-
f lining of the session. It is an old law, which,
believe, has been on the statute-book longer
than either of us has been in Congress, and in ac-
cordance with it, these estimates are now printed.
Mr. CURTIS. I merely want to propose an
amendment, which I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will accept. It
is to add at the end of the section the following
proviso:
Provided, The term of study shall be reduced to the
former standaid of four years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
having been raised, the Chair is obliged to rule
the amendment out of order, as it proposes to
change an existing law, or a regulation made un-
der the law.
Mr. CURTIS. I think that there is no law on
the subject. It is simply a regulation which we
have a right to correct by law.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no law on the
subject, then the amendment proposes independ-
ent legislation in an appropriation bill, which
the Chair holds to be out of order.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 believe I will appeal from
the decision of the Chair,
Mr. KUNKEL. If the gentleman from Iowa
will permit me to occupy the floor for a moment,
I will remind the committee that when the Mil-
itary Academy bill passed the House at the last
session, a commission was authorized to be ap-
pointed to inquire and icport to the House as to
the term of study at the Military Academy at
West Point. I think that we should receive the
report of that commission before this bill is taken
up and passed. The Chair has, it is true, ruled
the amendment outof order; but I would respect-
fully remind the Chair that a provision in regard
to the term of study hasalready been incorporated
in the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Maryland that that was not
done by the House, but by a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. KUNKEL. Yes; but it was acceded to
by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has no con-
trol over the rules of the Senate. That clause did
not originate in the House, but in the Senate.
The House concurrcd with the committee of con-
ference. There is a law now on the subject of
the term of study at the Military Academy; and
therefore the amendment would be a change of
the law.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, if my amendment is out
of order, I will modify it so as to read, that no
part of the money appropriated shall be applied
to extend the study beyond four years.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would suggest to the
Chair 
Mr. CURTIS. I want to have this question
settled.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Iowa will put his modified amendment in shape
the Chair will have it submitted to the committee.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would respectfully suggest
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means—whose attention I desire to have—that
if this commission be prepared to report—and 1
am not informed whether it is or not—and shall
recommend the reducing of the term of study to
four years, the appropriations in this bill might
be too much, because I presume they are based
upon the five years' term of study.
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes no difference in
the amount of the appropriations, whether the
term of study be fixed at four years or five years.
The same amount is necessary each year. I will
say further, that if this commission shall report
to the House that the time ought to be limited to
four years, I will very cheerfully vote for that
proposition whenever it is embodied in a bill and
introduced by the Committee on Military Affairs.
I think, however, that it should not be allowed
to embarrass an appropriation bill.
Mr. KUNKEL. I very respectfully submit
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the haste with which the bill is
brought before the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to be followed, of course,
by its passage through the House, is certainly
unprecedented. As his colleague [Mr. Stanton]
suggested, none of the members of the House
have had an opportunity of examining the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury. I, at
least, must acknowledge that I have not looked
into them. The bill has not been printed. There
has been no opportunity afforded the Committee
on Military Affairs to examine into the correct-
ness of the estimates for the next fiscal year. It
would, therefore, perhaps, be better to delay the
I passage of the bill, at least until an opportunity
shall have been afforded to investigate it. With
that view, I shall move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. GROW. I desire the gentleman from
Iowa to give way for a moment.
Mr. CURTIS. Excuse me. i want to ^dis-
cuss this question. i - ..
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Maryland is not before the commit^
tee. The gentleman from-- Iowa has the floor,
and the gentleman from Maryland wasonly oc-
cupying it by his courtesy. ,'
Mr. CURTIS. I have modified my amend-
ment; and I ask that it may be read as modified.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated shall be
applied only on condition that the terra of studies shall he
reduced to the former standard, four years.
Mr. CURTIS. I would say in response to
what has been said on the other side, that-I do
not think it necessary to wait for the report oif
this commission. The question has been before
a standing committee of the House, and that com-
mittee has reported in favor of a four years' term.
That standing committee was the appropriate
committee to consider the subject, and has had
full opportunity to do so. Four years was the
term established hythe distinguished head of the
academy. Colonel Thayer, many years ago; and
all the distinguished officers of the Army were
graduated on the four years' coursc. There is
no necessity for five years' study. For the sake,
therefore, of economy, and for the sake of the
good government of the academy', I ask that my
amendment shall be agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I presume
that the amendment presented by the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr.Coims] will meet with the sanc-
tion of the House. I am satisfied that the Chair-
man erred in the decision which he made upon
the question of order raised upon this subject; for
at the last session a like question of order was
raised, and, onappeal, it wosdecided tobe not well
taken. The amendment then submitted was de-
cided to be in order, and it was incorporated in
the bill. It went to the Senate, was there rejected,
then returned to this House, and it afterwards he-
came the subject of conference between the two
Houses.
I think myself that we ought to await the ac-
tion of the commission that was appointed under
a law of the last session before we decide with
reference to the term of study at West Point. At
the last session the subject was sent, by special
order of the House—this subject of the term of
study at the West Point Military Academy—to
the Committee on Military Affairs. That com-
mittee entered into correspondence with the head
of that academy, and they obtained all the in-
formation on the subject referred to them that was
available.-They, reported two bills, which, in the
end, went to committees of conference. The last
committee of conference reported to the House a
proposition for a commission, to be composed of
two members of the Senate, two members of the
House, and two Army officers—the members of
the Senate to be appointed by the President of the
Senate, the members of the House by the Speaker
of the House, and the Army officers by the Pres-
ident of the United States. 1 understand that that
commission has discharged its duty, and is now
prepared to make its report.
In regard to the constitution of that commis-
sion, perhaps, sir, it may not be amiss in this
place to say a single word. If there is any rule
of parliamentary usage settled better than an-
other, it is that, in committees of conference—
in the nature of which this commission really
is—the majority of the committee shall be con-
stituted of the members in favor of sustainingthe
action of the majority of the House. Another
usage is, to appoint upon committees of confer-
ence, to which certain subjects have been re-
ferred, members of the standing oommittce who
have had the subject previously under considera-
tion under the rules of the House. Hence, in
accordance with parliamentary usage, a portion
of the commission referred to ought to have been
taken from the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House. So far as I am personally Concerned,
I am entirely satisfied with it'. I ooly refer, sir,
to what has been done as looking lik„e insult
