18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
to the Committee on Military Affairs, as it cer-
tainly is a departure"from the usage of this body.
I should have declined serving on the commis-
sion, because I do not profess to be qualified to
determine the question in issue.
My colleague on the Committee on Military
Affairs, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Cbrtis,]
however, n graduate of West Point Military
Academy, and a member who has had the sub-
ject referred to that commission under considera-
tion, was- peculiarly fitted, and ought to have
been selected for position on that commission.
For some reason, incomprehensible to him, the
Committee on Military Affairs, or to myself, my
friend from Iowa was passed by, and the subject
was placed, so far as this House is concerned, in
the hands of members who had 110 previous con-
nection with its consideration—members who had
not previously had the subject committed to their
consideration, and whose opinions 011 it were un-
known to the House. Whether they were in
favor of or opposed to the action which had been
taken in the House, whether they agreed to or
dissented from the opinion expressed by a major-
ity of the members, was not known to the House
by any vote that they had given. I do not know
what has been the conclusion reached by that
commission; I do not know what its report is to
be; but, sir, whatever it be, its authority is some-
what impaired by the fact that the ordinary par-
liamentary usage has not been followed 111 the
appointment of its members on the part of this
House.
Mr. HUGHES. Has the resolution of the
gentleman from Iowa been received.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
submits his proposition as an amendment to the
pending bill.
Mr. llUGHES. Is it entertained by the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HUGHES. Why, I thought, sir, that
such an amendment was luled by the Chaii to be
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. No question of order
was raised on the amendment when it was offered
and received; and even if there had been, the
Chair would have been compelled to rule the
amendment in order, for the reason that it pro-
poses merely to limit the appropriation made 111
the bill.
Mr. HUGHES. Is the amendment open for
discussion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not know that 1 partic-
ularly object to the proposed limitation of the
term of study at West Point Military Academy
to four years; but it docs seem to me that there
is no necessity for our being so precipitate. I do
not perceive any good reason why we should not
delay action until we can hear the formal report
of the commission which has been so long engaged
in the consideration ofthisvery matter,and wliich
was so properly constituted for the purpose of
collecting all the information necessary for the
intelligent action of the two Houses of Congress.
When that report comes 111 the whole question
will then be open for our consideration. We will
then have before us all the information necessary
for just and proper action. We do not have that
information at this time. There are, indeed, but
few mcmbeis of this House, m the present con-
dition ot things, who could an ive at a sound con-
clusion 011 the subject. The proposition strikes
at the present oiganization of the United States
Military Academy 111 a most important particular;
and yet, sir, \vu ore called upon to act on it sud-
denly and without the information which is 111
possession of the Government, but which has not
yet been communicated to Congress.
I will not say anything in reference tij the
amendment being out ot order, as the Chairman
has already decided the point: but I must express
my surprise that U should, at this day, be decided
to be in order to incorporate general legislation—
as this amendment certainly does—upon one of the
regular appropriation bills. The pending amend-
ment, in my opinion, Mr. Chairman, is more ob-
jectionable in its terms than was the original
proposition ; for by it the appropriation can only
be expended, provided the term of study at West
Point shall be 1 educed from live to four years.
Why should we act 111 this way? Why not wait
until information is sent to us from the proper
Department ? When that information is received,
we can then refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs, of which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] is a member. He is a soldier, and he
can give us his views on the report of the com-
mission. He can report his concurrence in it, or
the reasons why it should not be adopted Let
us have his criticism upon the report of the com-
mission, and the criticism of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and then the whole question
will be fairly before this House for its action. I
do trust that the amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
Iowa will follow the suggestion of the gentleman
from Maryland, and withhold his proposition at
this time. I now call the attention of the House
to the necessity of keeping the regular appropri-
ation bills free from extraneous matter. This is
a proposition of general legislation, and ought, I
think, to be separately introduced and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. I will say in
advance that my vote will follow the recommend-
ation of that committee. I will take its action as
conclusive. I appeal to the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] to withdraw his amendment, so
that the pending appropriation bill may be re-
ported to the House free from general legislation
and other extraneous matter. He will have an
opportunity several times during the session to
report a bill on the subject, and I have 110 doubt
that whatever may be the recommendation of the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, it will receive the
approval and sanction of this House. 1 do hope,
at this early stage of the session, efforts to load
down the.appropriation bills with amendments
proposing new legislation like that now before
us, will be, as they ought to be, defeated. I hope,
sir, that we shall pass the appropriation bills
clean and simple as appropriation bills.
Mr. CIJRTIS. Mr. Chairman, I think it.is
my duty to say that 1 concur in the remark of
the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mi. Stanton',] that
military subjects ought to be icfericd for consid-
eration to membeis of the Committee on Military
Affairs; but at the same time I must add that the
proper person to have selected to repiesent this
House on the commission which has been re-
ferred to was the gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee 011 Military Affairs him-
self, who initiated the idea of a special committee.
And let me reply to the lemarks thrown out
by other gentlemen, that, as a membei of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I deemed it my
duty to bring this question up on the first occa-
sion that offered itself. I do not know what the
commission has done, and I must confess that I
care very little to know. The subject is one
which I believe the committee of this House fully
understood when they made their report at the
last session. I do not know, at tins moment, who
are the members of that commission, but, who-
ever they may be, 1 have the greatest respect for
them. I saw it stated in the public journals that
I was a member of that commission. I was never
consulted 011 the subject, and indeed, was never
appointed a member of it. Probably if I had
been I would not have attended. I do say that
the standing Committee on Military Affairs have
fairly and fully considered the whole matter. It
is simply this: shall the term of study at West
Point Military Academy be four years instead of
five. The superintendent of the institution and
a majority of the faculty have spoken in favor of
the 1 eduction of the term io four years. The gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. HroiiEs] was a
schoolmate of mine at the academy, and he
knows that we got along vei y well under Colonel
Thayer with a four years' course. What is the
necessity of the fifth year? I believe the grad-
uates who studied thcie only four years were
able to perform all the duties of a soldier. They
have shown their ability by their acts 111 the
field. This matter is so simple and so plain
that I hope it will not be referred to another time
for decision; but as it is now before us, that it
will be decided at once. Its decision cannot em-
barrass the House, and I ask for a vote upon the
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I hope thecom-
mittee will rise, and report the bill to the House
as it now stands. This bill is made up entirely,
or nearly so, of estimates fixed by law. There
are but two questionable items in it; and they are
of very small amount, relating to the kitchen of
die institution. There has been an anxiety upon
the part of some to change the fundamental law
in regard to the Military Academy, making the
term four years, instead of five; but whether the
change be made or not, the current expenses per
year will be the same, and it will be necessary to
pass this bill in precisely its present shape. There
is 110 need, therefore, of delaying; and if we de-
bate this bill to the 4th of March, still we must
be brought to this: that we must refuse to make
appropriations to carry out existing laws, or we
must pass this bill precisely as it is, whether the
change proposed by the gentleman from Iowa be
adopted or not. The proposed change would
make no difference in the current expenses of
each year; and its only effect would be to dimin-
ish the number of students graduating in any one
year.
Why introduce now the bad precedent of load-
ing down appropriation bills, when this appro-
priation bill always passes as a matter of form,
for the reason that every item in it is fixed by
law ? The salaries of the officers, the pay of the
cadets, and every thing relating to it, except the
item for the putiing of a partition through the
kitchen, is fixed by law; and those items will re-
main the same, whether the term of study be four
years or five. I hope the committee will rise, and
report the bill to the House as it is, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
PENSION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1869, was taken up for
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
The bill was read through by clauses, for
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. As no amendments are of-
fered to the bill, 1 move that it be laid aside, to
be reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mi. KUNKEL. I call for the reading of the
76th rule.
The rule was read, as follows :
" It shall lie the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to take into consideration ali *ueh reports of the
Treasury Department, and all such propositions relative to
the revenue, .is may be referred to them by the House ; to
niquhe into the state of ihe public debt or the revenue,
and of the expenditure, and to repoit. from time to time,
their opinion thereon."
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 desire to know how the
Committee of Ways and Means can report this
bill, without a reference of the matter to them?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman fiom Maryland, that the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury were referred to
that committee yesterday. The committee re-
ported this bill this morning, and the House re-
ferred it to'the Committee of t'.ce Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KUNIvEL. I understand that the reso-
lution distributing the different portions of the
message of the President to the several commit-
tees was only adopted this morning by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a recommendation that it be adopted by the
House. The House has made no reference of the
message, as I understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inform the gentle-
man from Maryland that the annual estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury were referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means yesterday,
and so much of those estimates as refers to the
Military Academy has been acted upon by that
committee. They have reported this bill accord-
ingly, and it is all right.
Mr. KUNKEL. t do not think the report is
in order under the rule just read.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wash-
burjte, of Illinois, reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
