THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
dea, as the regu-
; committees^ for
!LNDS.
"'MkANDERSON, of Kentucky. I was not
aware ofthat fact?
The SPEAKER 'hen proceeded, as the r<
lar order of business, to call tlie coramittee^Tor
reports.
PRICE OF PUBLIC LANDS
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I desire to malce a
report from the Committee on Public Lands, and
1 trust that the House will act upon it at once, in
order to relieve a meritorious class of our citi-
zens. 1 report-back a bill which was referred to
the committee lastsession, with a substitute, and
I ask that the substitute be passed. Before I make
any remarks on the measure which 1 propose to
have acted on, and either passed or rejected now,
1; will ask that letters from the Commissioner of
the Land Office and' the Secretary of the Interior
be read, stating very emphatically that the bill is
right and proper, and ought to be passed. After
theSe letters liave been read, 1 will state the sub-
stance of the hill, and 1 trust every fair-mint|ed
member of the House will agree that ft shall be
passed immediately. Relief should begranted to
on citizens, and particularly at this time—not
only in connection with the public lands, but in
connection with every other department of the
Government. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The bill (H. R. .No. 50) to construe the min-
imum price of the public lands was read. It pro-
vides that the words " minimum price of the pub-
lie,lands" shall be construed to mean the lowest
or least price, and said construction shall apply
to all reserved alternate sections of public lands
heretofore reserved by virtue of any grants made
to the States or Territories for railroad purposes.
Mr, COBB-. The Secretary of the Interior
thinks that that bill is too indefinite, and he has
prepared one that he says will carry out the ob-
ject, and can be easily understood, not only by
the Department, but by everybody else. 1 have
been unanimously ordered by the Committee on
Public Land3 to report it as a substitute for the
bill. 1 ask that it be read.
The Clerk'read the substitute. It provides that
the alternate sections reserved to the United States,
along the lines of railroads or other internal im-
provements to aid in the construction of which
grants of lands have been made by Congress,
shall, after the same have been offered at public
sale under existing laws, be subject to entry ac-
cording to the provisions of the act of Congress
approved August 4,1854, entitled "An act to grad-
uate and reduco the price of the public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators," at double the price
at which the lands were liable to entry under said
act at the time they were withheld from sale, with
a view, to the adjustment of said grants respect-
ively.
Mr. COBB. I hope to be permitted, Mr.
Speaker, to say a few words nowin regard to
this bill, although 1 do not much feel like speak-
ing, for there are other questions of more import-
ance occupying the public mind at this time.
Mr. HAWKINS. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
it is.
Mr. COBB. sThe object of the bill is to relieve
the country from a decision of the Department.
Wlieii bills were passed by Congress making
grants of publje land for railroad purposes, the
word " minimum " was used. It was thought
by the Committee on Public Lands, when they
reported these bills, that the word " minimum
meant the least or lowest price. That question was
submitted to the committee, and it was decided by
eight out of the nine members of it that that was
the meaning of the term. The Interior Depart-
ment, however, hold that the word "minimum "
means §1 25 per acre. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands did not so regard it. They regarded it
as meaning this: that the public lands within six
miles of the railroad should be sold at double the
price at which the lands were held at the time
the grants were made. The Interior Department,
however, eonstrue the word " minimum " to
mean $ I 25 per acre. Therefore, they feel com-
pelled to put up all the alternate reserved sections
within six miSes of the road at $2 50 per acre.
.Now, the injustice of that decision consists in
this: much of the land within six miles of the
line had been held at graduation prices—some of
it at twenty-five cents an acre, and scwoe as low
tsvglvs. and a half cents. At the time the bills
were passed, much of the land subject to entry had
actually been taken up by settlers and cultivators
at twelve and a half cents per acre; but neverthe-
less, the Department require them to pay $2 50
per acre. They hold that, according to their con-
struction of the word" minimum," they cannot do
anything else. It will be seen from the Utter of
the Secretary of the Interior, which I shall ask to
have read, that the Department recognize the in-
justice of their own construction, while at the
same time they feel obliged to hold to that con-
struction. They therefore recommend the pas-
sage of the bill that has just been read, so as to
enable them to construe the word " mmimum"as
meaning the price at which the lands were held
when*the grants were made. Is not that right?
I am sure that every member who hears me will
admit that it is just and right. It is in accordance
with the spirit of the grant. The object was to
increase the price of the alternate sections to double
that at which they were held at the time of the
passage of the bill. This bill proposes nothing
more than that. If the lands were held then at
$1 25 per acre, the price should be §2 50; if they
were held at seventy-five cents, the price should
be $1 50; if they were held at twenty-five cents,
the price should be fifty cents; and if they were
held at twelve and a half cents, the price should
be twenty-five cents. Is not that fair? Would
it be fair, 1 ask, to charge actual settlers and cul-
tivators more than double the price at which the
lands could have been entered at the time the bills
were passed? The Government will have lost
nothing by giving the construction which this bill
proposes. It will have got as much for half the
land as it would have got for the whole of it if the
grants had not been made. But if you charge
§2 50 an acre for land which could have been
entered attwelve and a half cents, you do the set-
tlers injustice. The graduation bill only relates
to actual settlers, or to men who may have lands
adjoining those swamp lands. Its benefits are not
extended to speculators. Therefore the relief
asked now is for the benefit of actual settlers and
cultivators; and of course there can be no objec-
tion to the passage of this bill. At least I trust
there will not be.
Now, I trust that I have said enough to show
that there is no desire on the part of the Interior
Department to act unfairly toward the actual set-
tlers. The Government will still get double the
price at which the land was held when the grant
was made. Further, Mr. Speaker, the land grant
bills themselves provide that the lands shall be
offered for sale at J2 50 per acre, and if not sold
at that price, that they shall come under the pro-
visions of the law which I have now explained.
I trust that this bill will pass by acclamation.
Let us do something for the good of the country,
whether it may prove effective or not.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 wish to make a remark in
relation to this bill.
Mr. COBB. I ask that the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior may be read; and then I will
yield to the gentleman from North Carolina if he
will move the previous question. I do not wish
to occupy the time of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not fell inclined to call
the previous question oil this bill. I am not in
the habit of calling the previous question. But
when I have made the few remarks which 1 pro-
pose to make, I will yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. Very well. Let the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior be read; and then I will
yield to the gentleman from North Carolina.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of the Interior, April 5, 1850.
Sir: As requested by your lettei of tile 3d mutant, re-
ceived here on the 4th, I luive the honor to inclose the
diaft ol* a substitute foi Home bill No. 00, to construe the
words " minimum pnee of the public lauds " £!v the pro-
visions of the graduation aet of August 4,1854. the price
of the public lands was reduced in liivor ol actual settler.-;
and cultivators, but it tcinamed umiorm,at$i 25 per acre,
to all other puiehasers. That law was hunted, so as not
to extend to ''laiuis received to the United States in acts
grantiriu lands to Slates for laihoatls or other internal nn-
; provementsand.as a ioatlcr of^iHtice, I :tm of theopm-
j ion that actual settlers and eultivatois may propcilybe
I relieved Irani that ic-rrmiou. to the extent of allowing
! them, alter die lands have hcen offered at public sale, to
! ohtam those lands at double the prices at winch they could
i have purchased them before the raiiroadgianu were made,
f The inclosed subsume lor the bill lias been accordingly
j drawn to eatry out this poiiey ; and I hare no hesitancy in
recommending it to the favorable eonsidgrutlon of the com-
: imttw.
The original bill No. 50, which is herewith returned, is
objectionable, in my opinion, as proposing changes in ex-
isting laws, which would render their construction vague
and uncertain; and as being likely to have an effect, in the
future, in particular cases, which cannot now be foreseen.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. W. It. W. Cobb, House of Representatives.
Mr. BRANCH. I feel very little inclination,
Mr. Speaker, to engage in the discussion of this
or similar bills at this time. There are, undoubt-
edly, vastly more important questions that are
occupying the thoughts of at least most of the
members on this floor; and it really looks to me
—and 1 say it with all respect—very much like
wrangling among ourselves as to who shall have
the privilege of gathering the old nails out of the
ashes and cinders after the house has been de-
stroyed. I wish, therefore, that the gentleman
from Alabama had withheld this bill; and I wish
that all bills of a similar character could be with-
held for the present, in order that the House may
give its attention to those much more important
questions that the honorable gentleman has al-
luded to.
Mr. COBB. God knows, Mr. Speaker, that I
am ready and willing to give way for the consid-
eration of those grave questions. I am ready to
sacrifice everything that I possess for such a pur-
pose. Is not that enough ? While other questions
are not pending, my constituents demand that I
shall do my duty. That duty I am endeavoring
to discharge. I can assure the gentleman from
North Carolina that what my duty dictates that
I will promptly do. In the absence of more im-
portant matters, I press the pending bill, as I deem
1 ought to.
Mr. BRANCH. I of course meant to cast no
reflection upon the honorable gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. COBB. I am sure of it; I know the gen-
tleman to be incapable of any such thing.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 remember,
when the bills granting alternate sections of the
public land for railroad purposes were pending,
and about to be acted on, that the question pre-
sented by the gentleman from Alabama occurred
to the minds of a great many members of this
House. We were told thatthe Government really
lost nothing by granting alternate sections for
railroad purposes, because, in every instance, the
bill making the grant doubled the piice of the
remaining sections so that the Government would
thus get as much money for the alternate sections
as both sections would have brought before the
passage of th£ bills. I remember, sir, myself to
have made the inquiry as to what the word mini-
mum meant—whether the alternale sections were
to be sold at $2 50 per acre, or only at double the
graduated price of the land; and in every instance
1 was assured by the friends of the bills, and I
have assured others, that $2 50 was the price per
acre that would be demanded for the reserved
sections. Those bills, sir, were passed under
those assurances. They have become laws with
the knowledge on the part of members of this
House that if they were not subsequently altered
the reserved sections would bring as much money
as both sections would have brought if the laws
had not been enacted. After the railroad com-
panies have obtained one halfof the land it is now
proposed that the Government shall be deprived
of the advantage which was stipulated should
accrue to it in having doubled the price of the
reserved sections.
I shall not enter into any discussion of the ques-
tion, whether the pending bill, in this regaid, is
proper or not. I do not myself think that it is.
1 do not feel inclined to argue the question with
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.] I only
wish to call the attention of the House to the fact
that this bill is simply, intended to change the
policy which has been adopted by Congress in
reference to the alternate sections of land, in case
of grants of the public land for railroad purposes
—to the fact, sir, that this is a new and a long
stride in advance of that policy as it was when
originally adopted, and us it has stood ever since
it was first recommended to the country. Now,
for tho first time, we arc told that the Government
is to lose money by tltts-operation—that we are
not to get as much for the reserved sections as we
would have got for both sectionsM&fore the grants
were made. . f
Mr. COBB. I know Jh'e jrotfcljfa'ii fromNorth
