1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which I think the House will find to be a privi-
leged question, and one that is eminently proper
at this time. It is that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. RUFFIN. The House was dividing when
the gentleman from Virginia rose to make his
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
motion is in order. The question before the
House is on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken, and the Speaker an-
nounced that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. HAWKINS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw his motion to ad-
journ, and let the question be taken as to whether
the gentleman from Florida shall be excused.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Did not the Chair
announce that the ayes had it?
Mr. HAWKINS. I called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, but it was
after the decision of the Chair, and the call was
then out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers that
the gentleman from Florida has a right to demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The yeas and nays have
not yet been ordered—have they?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I beg the gentle-
man from Virginia to withdraw his motion to
adjourn, 111 order that the House may decide now,
whether or not the gentleman from Florida shall
be excused from serving 011 a committee when lie
asks to be excused from serving on it.
Mr. MILLSON. The House can act upon
my motion as it may deem proper. I did not
make it of my own suggestion alone, but after
conference with gentlemen in whose judgment I
have great confidence.
Mr. HAWKINS. And if the gentleman from
Virginia thinks that I acted unadvisedly and on
impulse, he is greatly mistaken. With me it is
a matter of more than twenty years' consider-
ation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to state to
the Chair, that previous to the demand for the
yeas and nays the Chair had decided that the
ayes had it 011 fhe motion to adjourn. If so, the
call was out of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The Chair
only announced that the ayes seemed to have it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist on my
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will pardon the Chair for saying that the
only statement was the ayes seemed to have it.
The Chair thinks that the demand for the yeas
and nays is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Al-
dricli, Allen, Thomas Jj. Anderson, WilliainO. Anderson,
Barr, Barret, Boteier, lirayton, Brigzs, Burch, Iiurnh.im,
Buuerfield, Campbell,Carter,Case, Horace F. Clark,John
Cochrane, Colfax, Conklins, Corwin, Cox, Cuitis, Joim
G. Davis, Duell, Dunu, Edgeiton, Eliot, Ely, Fouke,
Frank, French, Gooeh, Graham, Glow, John T. Harris,
Hoard, Houston, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Humphrey, livine, Junkiu, William Kellogg, Keuyon,
Kilgoie, Runkcl, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach,
Leake, Lee, Maclay, Mailory, Mavston,Charles D. Martin,
Maynaid. Mclvean, MePheraon, Millson, Laban T. Moore,
Mooriiead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Moms,
Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Periy, Pettit, Phelps, Porter,
Quaries, Edwin R. Ueynolds, John H. Reynolds, Itice,
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Rust, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Sickles, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Spauld-
ins, Spinner, Stanton, Stout, Stratron, Taylor, Thayer,
Thealter, Thomas, Train,Trimble, Vance, Verree,Walton,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wlnteley, Wmdoin, and Wins-
low—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ad rain, Alley, Ashley, Ashniore, Aveiy,
Babbitt, Barksdalo, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bon-
ham, ilojce, Bustovv, Brown, tiuffinton, Burnett. Carey,
John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, Covode, Oiawlord, Curry.
II. Winter Davis, DeJarnette, Delano, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, English, Etliendge, Ferry, Floience, Foster, Gar-
nelt, Gartreli, Gilmer, Hale, Hardeman, J. Mortison
Hairis, Ilaslun, Hatton, Hawkins, Hickman, Holman,
Hughes. Hutching Jackson, Jones, Francis W. Kellogg,
Lamar, LandlUill, Lanabee,Logan, Longneckei, Loomi.-,
Love, Lovojoy, Elbeit S Martin, MeOleniand, MoKenty,
McICiii"ht. 'Mettueen, Miles, Sydenham Moore. Nelson,
Niblack, Peyton, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan,
Itllffln, Singleton, Stevens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Stokes, Tappan, Tompkins, Under-
wood, Vallaudigham, Vandevei, Wade, VValdron. Cadwa -
aderC. Washburn, El lihu B. Washburn", Webster, Wil-
son, snfl wbo'dmff—82.
Mr. ADRAIN (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, I desire to observe, that if
the motion to adjourn be carried, the object of
announcing the commitiee to-day will be de-
feated. [Loud calls to order.]
Mr. RUFFIN. I call the gentleman from New
Jersey to order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not intend to debate the
question. I merely desire 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman
from New Jersey to order.
Mr. ADRAIN. My opinion is that the com-
mittee should be formed to-day. [Continued
calls to order.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Noell, was detained at his house
by indisposition.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 ask leave to give notice that
I will also demand to be excused from serving 011
this committee.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The House accordingly (at two o'clock and
twenty minutes, p. m.) adjourned till Monday
next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 10, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. William K. Sebastian, of Arkansas,
appeared in his scat.
AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, an abstract of returns
of registered American seamen.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT That motion will
go to the Committee 011 Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. It may be printed b,y unan-
imous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT1. The Sena tor from
Massachusetts suggests that it be printed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SLIDELL. It had better go to the com-
mittee.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the several standing committees of the
Senate, as they were arranged at the close of the last ses-
sion of Congiess.be, and the same arc hereby, reappointed
loi the present session ; and that all vacancies be tilled by
the President of tile Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to read the list of com-
lYiittees. *
Mr. PUGH. 1 suggest that, as we are all
familiar with the committees of the Senate, it is
not necessary to read that list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be 110
objection, the reading will be suspended.
Several Senators. No objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to; and the commit-
tees are constituted as follows:
On Foreign Relations— Messrs. Mason, (chairman,)
Dou'-las, Slidell, Polk, Crittenden, Seward, anil Sumner.
On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,) Pearce, Gwin,
Bright, Fessenden, Cameron, and Toombs.
On Comma ce—Messrs. Clay, (chairman.) Blglei,
Toombs, Clingman, Saulsbnry, Hamlin, and Chandler. ^
On Military affairs ani the Militia—Messrs. Davis,
(chairman,) Fitzpatrick, Johnson of Arkansas, Chesnut,
Lane, Wilson, and King.
On Naval affairs—Messrs. Mailory, (chairman,) Thom-
son, Slidell, Hammond, Nicholson, Hale, and Anthony.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Bayaid, (chaiiman,) Pugh,
Benjamin, Green, 'Powell, Trumbull, and Fostci.
On Post Offices and Po&t Roads—Messrs. \uloe, (chair-
man,) Gwin. Rice, Bright, Wiglall, Ilalc, and Dixon.
On Faille Lands— Messrs. Johnson ol" Arkansas, (chair-
man,) Pugh, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Bragg, Hailan,
and Bingham. . , , .
On Private Land Claims—'Ue^is. Benjamin, (chairman.)
Polk, Wisfall. Ton Evck, and Fnssonilen.
07i Indian Ajfain—Messrs. Sebastian, (chairman,) 1' itch,
Rice, flomnhill, DooUttle. Ciaik, and Latham.
On Pensions—Mrs&r<. Thoimon, (oh^rman,) Llaj,
Saulsbury, Powell. Duikce, Grimes, and \v ilkmson.
O/i Reoolutioiiarii Claims—Messrs. IhUtennen, (chaii-
man,> Nicholson, Durkco, Ten Eyelc, and Hammond.
, Ori'CkinM—'Messrs. Jverson, (chairman,) Mailory, Bra£?,
SiirmidnSf Fcftft. Hemphill WUkinscn-
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Brown, (chairman/;
Johnson of Tennessee, Yulee, ICeifiHJdy, Hamlin, Wilson,
and Clingman. ,
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Bigler, (chair-
man,) Thomson, Hemphill, Simmons, and Trumbull.
OnPublic Bwildingsand Grounds-—MeSfis. Bright, (chafr-*
man,) Davis, Kennedy, Clark, and DoolittJe.f t
On Territories—Messrs. Green, (chairman,) Douglas,Se~
bastian,Fitzpatrick, Collamer, Wade, and Latham.
To Jludit and Control the Contingent Expenses (jf.the
Senate—Messrs. Johnson of Tennessee, (chairman,) row-
ell, and Dixon. • * i *
On Printing—Messrs. Fitch, (chairman,) Davis, and.
| Anthony.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane, (chairman,) Blgler,
and Harlan.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Saulsbury, (chairman,) TUng-
ham, and Latham.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) Bayard,
and Collamer.
MEMOKIALS.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I offered 8t
memorial, at the last meeting of the Senate, from
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of San
Francisco, California, in favor of the transmission
of the entire mail between the eastern States and
California daily, through the territory of the
United States; which was laid on the table. I
move, now, that it be taken from th&tabloand
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, that all the memorials oh the table will be
properly referred to the several committees with-
out a motion being made in each case.
Mr. LATHAM. Then X do not insist on the
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the memorial of Thad-
deus Hyatt, of New York, setting forth the suf-
ferings of the people of Kansas from an unpre-
cedented drought, asking for relief from Congress.
The memorialist, in a spirit of charity, has visited
that Territory, and made a journey of more than
one thousand miles in order to become personally
acquainted with the actual condition of things
there; and the result of his observations is em-
bodied m the papers annexed to the memorial.
There are precedents, I understand, for relief in
similar cases. In 3812 Congress appropriated
$50,000 for the relief of the people of Venezuela,
in South America, suffering from an earthquake;
and in 1822 they made an appropriation of land
for the people of New Madrid, in the State of
Missouri, also suffering from a similar calamity.
Whether it would be expedient to furnish relief
now by money or by an appropriation of land,
I do not undertake to suggest; but I venture to
recommend the prayer of the memorial most
earnestly to the attention of the Senate. The
President, in his message, has already called our
attention to it, and the facts in this memorial
amply sustain the President in what he has said.
I ask its reference to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
The memorial was so referred.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives on the 23d of June, 1860, and
then read the first and second timo^ by their
titles, were this day referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 451)granting an invalid pension to
William Bums, of Ohio—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 559) granting a pension to Harriet
S. Wyman, widow of Captain Thomas W.
Wyman, post-captain in the naval service of the
United Slates—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 666) for the relief of William Sut-
ton—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 668) for the relief of Elizabeth
Walton, widow of Thomas Walton—to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 811) for the relief of A. Bledsoe,
William Bryson, William C. Scott, William
Doty, anil others—to the Committee on.the Post
Office and Post Roads.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 24) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain, received-
from the House of Representatives on the 5th
instant, was read twice by its title. *,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I more that
that bill be referred to the Committee on 1 ublic
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
