THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
s JOHN P. BROWN.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An act for the re-
lief of John P. Brown (a Senate bill) was, at the
last session, sent-to the House of Representatives
and returned from the House at the request of
the Senate. It will lie on the table for the pres-
ent, if no motion be made.
Mr. MA£>ON subsequently said: I move that
the bill for the relief of John P. Brown be taken
up for consideration, with a view to refer it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
271) for the relief of John P. Brown was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. I\ Sarrt Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
A bill (No. 50) to construe the word " mini-
mum" price of the public lands, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No.861) makingappropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30lh of
June, 1862; and
A bill (No. 862) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Acadcmy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments:
The annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances—ordered
on the.5th instant, at twelve o'clock and ten min-
utes.
The annual statement of the contingent ex-
penses of the Department of the Interim*—ordered
on the 5th instant, at twelve o'clock and ten min-
utes.
Report of the Secretary of War, showing the
action of the War Department in the execution of
the act of February 8,1856, providing for the re-
moval of obstructions to navigation in the mouth
of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass
and Pass S. I'Outre—ordered on the 6th instant, at
twelve o'clock and twelve minutes.
Letter from the Secretary of State, communi-
cating the annual statement of the contingent ex-
penses of that Department—ordered on the 6th
instant, at twelve o'clock and eighteen minutes.
. Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating the report of Mr. Pritchctte in the
caso of A. D. Bonesteel, United States agent for
the Menomonce Indians—ordered on the 6th in-
stant, at twelve o'clock and nineteen minutes.
Message from tine President of the United
States, communicating a report from the Secre-
tary of State, concerning the African slave trade—
ordered on the 6th instant, at one o'clock and
twenty-nine minutes.
\ THE STATE OF TIIE UNION.
Mr, POWELL. Mr. President, I move that
i the resolution which 1 had the honor to present
I a few d%ys ago, be taken up for action.
| The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
- I ceeded to the consideration^ the following reso-
^ lution, submitted by Mr. Powell on the 6th in-
stant:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as
relates to Uie present agitated and distracted condition of
the country, and the grievances between the slaveholding
and the non-slaveholding States, be referred to a special
Committee of thirteen members, and that said committee-
be instructed to inquire whether any additional legislation,
within the sphere of the Federal authority and duty, be
ncces^ary for the protection and security of property in the
States and Territories of the United States; and if so, that
they report by bill. And that Raid committee be also
instructed to consider and report upon the expediency of
proposing such an amendment or amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United Siate> as may be necessary to give
certain, prompt, and full protection to the rights of prop-
erty of the citizens of eveiy State and Territory of the
United States, and insure the equality of the States,-and
the equal rights of all the citizens aforesaid, under the
Federal Constitution.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the object of
the resolution under consideration is to initiate
measures to save the country from its present
perilous condition; to avert, if possible, a dis-
memberment of the Union, and restore peace,
harmony, happiness, and security, to a distracted
and divided people. Events are*rapidly crowd-
ing upon us which, if not arrested, will speedily
overthrow the Government. The mere anticipa-
tion of these sad and melancholy results have
already caused distrust, alarm, and ruin, in many
parts of the country.
For the first time in the history of our country
we "are in the midst of a fearful commercial and
financial revulsion, now rapidly approaching a
most alarming and disastrous crisis, which will
reduce thousands upon thousands of our people
to want, bankruptcy, and ruin; which has been
produced alone by political causes. >Such is the
disease in the body-politic that it requires prompt
and efficient remedies. Delay in a crisis like this
is equivalent to destruction. The remedy must
be promptly and quickly applied, or all hope of
preserving a constitutional Union will be lost.
Five of the States of this Confederacy, acting upon
the avowal that there is no hope or expectation
of security for their equality of rights within the
Union, haveinitiated measures, which are rapidly
tending to consummation, to form a separate Con-
federacy; and three or four other States are pre-
paring to follow them in the event they should
secede.
The resolution proposes to refer So much of the
President's message as relates to the present agi-
tated and distracted condition of the country, and
the grievances between the slaveholding and non-
slaveholding States, to a committee of thirteen
Senators, with instructions to inquire whether any
additional legislation within the sphere of Federal
authority be necessary for the protection and se-
curity of the property of the citizen in the States
and Territories of the United States; and if so,
to report by bill: and also, to consider and report
upon thetxpediency of proposing such an amend-
ment or amendments to the Constitution of the
United States as may be necessary to give certain,
prompt, and full protection to the rights of prop-
erty of the citizens of every State and Territory
of the United States, and insure the equality o'f
States and the equal rights of all the citizensafore-
said under the Federal Constitution.
I do not believe that any legislation would bf a
remedy for thedisease. Legislation, in my judg-
ment, will not restore harmony or give just hopes
of security to the people of these distractcd States;
it would at best be a palliative. That palliative,
if within our power, wo should promptly admin-
ister; it would be an earnest of what we will do,
and would indicate to the country a temper and
disposition on the part of Senators and Repre-
sentatives that would cause the people of this vast
country, who are anxiously looking to this Cap-
itol, to hope and believe that remedies wduld be
speedily applied that wouid restore harmony,
peace, and permanent security, to the people of
every section of the country. Unequivocal con-
stitutional guarantees upon the points indicated
in the resolution under consideration are, in my
judgment, the only remedies that will reach and
eradicate the disease, give permanent security,
and restore harmony, concord, and fraternal feel-
ing, between the people North and South, and save
the Union from speedy dissolution.
Every Senator must see the necessity of prompt
action. If something is not done to avert it, in
less than thirty days, in all human probability,
some of the States will have withdrawn from the
Union.
Senators, every impulse of honor, duty, and
patriotism, demands that we, without delay, ex-
haust every constitutional means within our power
to restore harmony and quiet to the country, and
preserve a wise and just constitutional Union.
Our Government, ifadministered in the spirit and
genius of the Constitution given us by our fathers,
is the best Government ever devised by man; and
it should be the governing motive of every patriot
to preserve it, and labor to have the Constitution
executed as it is. There is no rational liberty
save in the supremacy of the laws. If experience
points out defects in the organic law, let us give
our best energies to its perfection, instead of de-
siring its destruction. It cost our patriot fathers
much toil, blood, and treasure, to form this Gov-
ernment. it was not easily or quickly done. It
required the most devoted patriotism and the
greatest wisdom to accomplish it. Our wise
ancestors devoted themselves assiduously to the
perfecting of the Government, which was at first
necessarily very defective. They first resorted
to what has been aptly called the revolutionary
Government, which existed from .the meeting of
the first, continental Congress until the final rati-
fication of the Articles of Confederation—a period
of about seven years. The Government under
the Articles of Confederation lasted about eight
years, when it was superseded by the present
Constitution. It was found that the Constitution
was defective, and required amendment. At the
first session of the First Congress after the adop-
tion of the Constitution, twelve amendments were
proposed to the Constitution, ten of which were
ratified by three fourths of the States, and became
part of the Constitution. In 1794 the eleventh
amendment was proposed by Congress,and subse-
quently ratified by the States. In 1803 the twelfth
amendment was proposed by Congress, and after-
wards ratified by the requisite number of States,
and became part of the Constitution. Every
amendment made to the Constitution was made
in the manner now proposed.
Let us follow the worthy example of the noble
patriots who have gone before us.- When the coun-
try was imperiled, and surrounded by dangers
that threatened its ruin, they never thought of a
disruption of the Governmentasa remedy. They
went to work like sensible and patriotic men, to
remedy the evils by providing additional securi-
ties—by perfecting the Government; first, by the
Articles of Confederation; then, by the adoption
of the present Constitution; and at three different
times amending it in such manner as to meet the
exigencies of the times, and give more ample se-
curity to the people in their persons, property,
and religion, and curing such defects as experi-
ence had pointed out. That is our duty to-day.
Let us never despair of the Republic; but go to
work promptly, and so amend the Constitution
as to give prompt, certain, and full guarantees to
the rights of every citizen in every State and Ter-
ritory of the Union. Unless we proceed to this
work without delay, and exhaust every effort to
accomplish it, we will not have discharged the
duty we owe to ourselves, our country, and those
who are to come after us. Let us employ consti-
tutional remedies for the correction of the evils
by which we are environed, and to avert thedan-
gers that threaten to ingulf us in inevitable rain.
Unless we exhaust every means within our reach
to preserve and perfect the Constitution,and save
our common country, we will be degenerate sons
of the noblest sires the world ever saw.
Mr. President, I trust the resolution will pass
unanimously, and that the committee may be
composed of the ablest and most experienced
Senators, representing .every political party and
every section of the country; and that they may
make a report which will receive our sanction
and the approval of those we represent, and thus
restore unity, quiet, and security, to a distracted
and divided people. Such an event would cheer
and make glad the hearts of the lovers of consti-
tutional liberty throughout the world.
I have intentionally forborne to enter into any
discussion of the causes that have led to the un-
fortunate state of affaiis by which we are sur-
rounded, for the reason that it would be mani-
festly improper at this time. We should indulge
in no crimination or recrimination in a crisis like
this. Let us, if possible, rescue the country
from impending ruin. It will require all of our
forbearance, patriotism,and ability, toaccomplish
this, the most desirable of all earthly objects to a
patriotic heart. I have not stated specific amend-
ments to the Constitution, believing it best to*
leave that for the consideration of the committee
contemplated by the resolution.
Mr. President, I have briefly stated the object
of the resolution. I have no further remark to
make, until the committee, if it should be the
pleasure of the Senate to pass the resolution',
shall report.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I am not one of
those who despair of the Republic; I believe we
shall go safely through this crisis, as we have
passed through many others that in my period of
time have been said to exist. I should have pre-
ferred a proposition to refer this subject to a
standing committee, and that we should go for-
