1860.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
ward in the regular course of our business; but 1
have no particular feeling or choice about it, and
shall make no question on a point of that kind.
I propose to offer some amendments to the
resolution, which I presume the Senator from
Kentucky will be willing to accept. I propose to
insert next after the word " necessary," where
that word first occurs in the resolution, the words
" to maintain the constitutional power of the Fed-
eral Government, or;" and next after the word
"security," to insert the words " of person or;"
and nextaftcr the word "rights," where that word
first occurs, to insert the words " of personam!."
Mr. YULEli. Read the resolution as it will
be if it be so amended.
The Secretary read the amendments.
Mr. HALE. Let the whole resolution be read
as it will be when amended as proposed.
The Secretary read the resolution as proposed
to be amended, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President'-? message as
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of
the country, and the grievances between the slavohoiding
and the nun slaveholding States, be leterrech to a special
committee of thirteen members ; and that said committee
be instiucted to inquire whether any additional legislation,
withm the sphere of Federal authouty and duty, be neces-
sary to maintain the constitutional power of the Federal
Government, or for the protection and secuuty of person
01 property in the States and Temtories of the United
State.-.; and if >«o, that tliev repmt by bill. And that s>aid
committee be also instructed to consider and repmt upon
the expediency of proposing such an amendmentor amend
menu to the Constitution of the United States* as may be
necessary to give ceitam, prompt, and full protection to
the rights of person and ot property of the citizens of every
State and Territory of the United States, and insure the
equality of the States, and the equal rights of all the citi-
zens aforesaid, under the.Federal Constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky to the pro-
priety of striking out of the resolution all about
the condition of the country and the rights of
property, and simply refer that part of the mes-
sage which relates to the state of the Union, to a
special committee.
Mr. YULEE. I would ask the Senator from
New York to explain the purpose of the amend-
ments he proposes.
Mr. KING. As I intimated, I doubted whether
there was very good reason for raising this com-
mittee at all; but if there be a fitness in it, I do
not desire to limit the inquiry. We hear a great
deal of disturbance and difficulty and disaffection
to the Union. The President's message indicates
to us a difficulty in the enforcement of the laws,
and speaks of devices by which the legitimate
and constitutional power of the Government is
to be exercised. If there is to be any inquiry at
all, it is a very proper subject of inquiry whether
there be any additional legislation necessary to
maintain its constitutional power, which 1 trust—
which I know, indeed—that eveiy good citizen
desires to see fully sustained and exercised. The
otheramendments direct the attention ot the com-
mittee to the security of persons as well as of
property. "VVe hear occasionally of a mob de-
stroying property, and we also hear occasionally
of a mob which assails an individual. I think
the security of person is as important as that of
property; and I would therefore extend the in-
quiry to all these objects, if it be made at all.
Mr, GREEN. Mr. President, I intend to vote
for this resolution, whether it be one way or the
other. I do not deem it to be material whether
the amendments are adopted or rejected^ Ihis
is a very critical period in our country's history,
and I think every effort, fair and honorable, that
can be made ought to be made to adjust griev-
ances, whether they be real or imaginary. It
frequently occurs, in the course of human events,
when the passions are excited and the judgment
swayed, that we must make some concessions
even where a proper sense and a proper judgment
would say no real grievance exists. I do not
intend to pronounce judgment, and say that this
is one of those events; but I will say this: there
is an excitement and embittered feeling which,
without being allayed, will prove the death-knell
of the Union.
Shall we then stop and permit these conse-
quences to follow without making a little effort,
a strong effort, and a united effort, to save the
Union' And when I say the Union, I mean the
Union of the Constitution. I do not mean a mere
association or a conglomeration of States; but I
mean that old constitutional Union under which
we have prospered, and under which we can
continue to prosper in the future.
This committee may fail in its good offices. I
know there arc desponding minds and desponding
hearts who look upon it as a futile effort. I hope
they arc mistaken. I know there are excited
passions in the extreme South ready to close their
ears against all appeals. I hope that they, too,
will pause and reflect.until we have had an oppor-
tunity to consider, to compare notes, to reason. •
Surely, in the United States, a republican Gov-
ernment, the popular intelligence is to be repre-
sented by an equality of intelligence in the Senate
and in the House of Representatives. Surely we
will not precipitately hurry over the precipice, and
fall into the yawning gulf, without an effort to
reason together, to pause a moment, to reflect,
and see if something may not be done. Thai
sufficient cause to irritate exists, I admit. I will
not attribute it to the one nor the other. I shall
not say the fault is upon the one side or the other.
It will be time enough for that when the commit-
tee investigates and proposes the remedy.
My main purpose, however, in seconding this
resolution, and in saying that I intend to support
it, is to indicate a line of policy which I briefly
suggested in a resolution which now lies on your
table. Itisthis: amendments to the Constitution,
or legal enactments, unless the popular sentiment
goes with them, or the strong arm of the Govern-
ment goes with them, are not worth a straw. To
talk about amendments to the Constitution while
a vitiated and corrupted state of public sentiment
prevails, North and South, or either, will amount
to nothing. Hence I say there must be efforts
brought to bear 011 the public sentiment, to correct
what is wrong in that; or the last alternative:
you must arm the Federal Government with
physical power to enforce the Constitution every-
where. These are but the two peaceable means.
I would not snap my finger for an amendment to
the Constitution, except so far as it indicates pub-
lic sentiment. I would not snap my finger for a
legal enactment, except so far as it indicates pub-
lic sentiment—I mean on the part of the States.
But when we comc to enforce the Federal Consti-
tution, youmustarm theFederalGovernmentwith
power to do it. I hope I shall not be raet with
the plea that you will build up a central despotism.
I would rather have a despotism than anarchy.
Within the limits of the existing Constitution
there can be no despotism. To the extent that
the power is conferred by the present Constitu-
tion, there can be no wrong 111 exercising the
power of Congress, in arming the Executive, in
arming other public functionaries, and in arming
States^ with power to enforce and maintain con-
stitutional rights. A repeal of those nullifying
laws of the North would not amount to a straw,
unless that repeal comes in consequence of a
change of public sentiment. A change of the
Fedeial Constitution, especially guarantying
every point named in this resolution, will not
weigh a feather unless it comes as evidence of the
sentiment of the people.
There are but two modes of governing any
country: one is by common consent and an ap-
proved and enlightened public judgment; the other
is power—physical force. I propose, in the reso-
lution which I submitted, to employ adequate
physical force to maintain existing constitutional
rights. I do not want any additional constitu-
tional rights. As a matter of course I shall never
be a stumbling-block in the way of any reason-
able adjustment, and I will forego my own opin-
ions and yield to those of my fellow-citizens and
fellow-Senators who surround me, for the sake of
peace and harmony and security; but I have no
feeling of confidence in it. If we will enforce the
Constitution as it is, we have got enough. I call
upon the Secretary to read my resolution, if he
pleases.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Repaired, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law
for establishing an armed police force at all necessary points
nlon® the line separating the slaveholding States from the
non-siaveholding States, for the purpose of maintaining the
general peace between those States, of preventing the in-
vasion of one State by citizens of another, and also for the
efficient execution of the fugitive slave laws.
Mr. GREEN. In drawing that resolution, Mr.
President, as a matter of course, it was suggest-
ive. The details and the precise manner in which
it is to be carried out, I leave for the committee
on calm, cool reflection and deliberation. But
the fugitive slave law cannot be executed gen-,
erally. A repeal of the obnoxious laws enacted
by some of the northern States will riot in-
sure its execution. But there is the power in
this Government—as it is a constitutional obli-
gation, I trust we shall not say it is too weak to
enforce and maintain its own power—adequate to
the emergency. Are we prepared to go to work]
and call out that power, and exercise it in the en-'
forcement of this constitutional right? There is
not a single Senator on the other sideof the Cham-,
ber,in my opinion, who disputes the right. There
is not one upon this side who does not assert the
right. When we see that in the practical attempt
to enforce it, difficulty is interposed and obstacles
thrown in the way, what ought we, as a Congress,
to do but to go to work and provide the necessary
strength and power in the Government to insure
the faithful execution of the laws. And if that be
done, one of the great pretended grievances of the
South, if they be pretended, will be removed.
So far as Missouri is concerned, her grievance
is real. Raids—I believe that term has now be-
come Anglicized—have been made into that State
time and tinte again. As many as twelve slaves
have been taken in daylight, put into the wagons
of their masters, and marched off with from ten
to twenty-five horses, and two or three men killed
to intimidate the immediate neighborhood. A
force is raised and sent after them. Before it gets
there, they are all dispersed and gone; and six
weeks after it is renewed. There is now a con-
flict on the border of that State under this same
Montgomery, who, I believe, was a lieutenant
under John Brown; and we had to send six
hundred men against him: it will cost Missouri
$100,000; and yet they cannot cross the border
fine. If there had been a Federal police placed
at proper points along there, our property would
have been protected; our lives would have been
preserved; our money would have been saved,
and the peace of the country would have been
promoted. You can never accomplish it with-
out it. If we separate into divided communities,
a northern confederacy and a southern confed-
eracy, such a police will be necessary; then a
standing army and forts and bristling bayonets
and ponderous cannon from one end of the line
to the other, costing a thousand times more; while
the peace of the country is destroyed, and that
union and concentration of effort that give im-
petus and progress to a people will all be lost and
destroyed forever. Give us that peaceable po-
lice. It may be best to put it under military com-
mand—I do not pretend to say. I am only throw-
ing out suggestions. I am only making the re-
mark that the case is not a hopeless one; that, as
grievous as the wrong is, as unfortunate as our
circumstances are, there is adequate power yet,
if we make use of it, to save the Government,
and redress this wrong.
On the other branches of the subject I shall
say nothing at present. 1 shall wait until the
committee reports. But before I close, I shall
take the liberty of referring to the fact that this
falls appropriately within the duty of the Federal
Congress. Section four of article four of the
Constitution says:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of tliem against invasion."
Now, it is not enough to say that Congress can
provide means to punish the invaders afterthe
invasion has been made. Congress has the right
'to provide the preventive remedy, and an ounce
of prevention is worth more than a pound of cure.
" And shall protect each of them against invasion."
Virginia has been invaded; Missouri has been
invaded. What has Congress done to protect
any State against invasion ? Nothing, except to
provide means to punish the invaders after the
invasion is over. Keep the peace; prevent in-
vasion; and the only way to do it is to have an
armed military power.
" And on application of the Legislature, or of the exec-
utive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
I do not propose to go into that subject, be-
cause that depends on the application of the exec-
utive; but you can prevent invasion. Then the
other good result from it will be. this: there will
be a total prevention of the abduction of slaves;
there will &e a total prevention of invasion; our
