1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
no good citizen whose liberty and property are protected
by that Constitution, will interfere to prevent this provis-
ion from being carried into full effect, according to its spirit
and effect; and even where the forms of law are reported
to for the purpose of evading the constitutional provision,
or to delay the remedy of the master in obtaining a return
of his fugitive slavey it is undoubtedly the right, and may
become the duty, of'the court in which ariv proceedings foi
that purpose are instituted to set them aside, if they are not
commenced and carried on in good faith, and upon prob-
able grounds lor believing that'the claim of the master to
the service of tbe supposed ^lave is invalid."
Mr. Justice Story, of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the case of Prigg us. The State
of Pennsylvania, thus defines the rights of the
slaveowner under that article of the Constitution:
" The clau«c manifestly contemplates the existence of a
positive unqualified right on the part of the owner of the
slave, which no State law or regulation can in any way
qualify, regulate, control, or retrain. The slave is not to
be discharged from service or labor in consequence of any
State law or regulation. The question can never be, how
much the slave is discharged Irnm, but whether he is dis-
charged from any, by the natural or necessary operation of
State laws or State "regulations. The question is not one
of quantity or degree, but of withholding or controlling the
incidents of a positive and absolute right.
"If this be so, then all the incidents to the right attach
also; the owner must, therefoio, have the right to s>eize
and repossess the slave, which the local laws of his own
State confer upon him as propeity.
" Upon this* ground we have not the slightest hesitation
in holding that, under and in virtue of the Constitution,
the owner of a slave ij clothed with entire authority, in
every State of the Union, to seize and recapture his slave
whenever he can do zt without any breach of the peace,
or any illegal violence, in this sense and to this extent
this clause of the Constitution nia\ properly be said to ex-
ecute itself; and to require no aid Iroin legislation, State
.or national.
" But the clause of the Constitution does notstop here ;
nor indeed, consistently with its professed objects, could it
do so. JVIany eases must arise in which, if the remedy of
the owner were confined to the mere right of seizure and
recaption, he would bo utterly without any adequate re-
dress. lie may not be able to iay his hands upon the slave.
He may not be able to enforce his right* against persons
who either secrete or conceal or withhold the slave. He
may bo lestricted by local legislation as to tbe modes of
proof of his owneiship, as to the courts m which he shall
sue, and a* to the actions which he may bung, or the pro-
cess he may use to compel the delivery of the slave. Nav,
the local legislation may be utterly inadequate to furnish the
appropriate redress, bv au thou zing no processor rem, or no
specific mode of repossessing theslave,leavingtheowner;
at best, not that right which the Constitution designed to
secure—a specific delivery and repossession of the slave—
but a mere remedy 111 damages; and that, perhaps, against
persons utterly insolvent or worthless. The State legisla-
tion may be entirely silent on the whole subject, and its
ordinary remedial process framed with different views and
objects ; and this may be innocently as well as designedly
done, since eveiy State is perfectly competent, and lias the
exclusive right to prescribe the remedies in its own judicial
tribunals, to limit the time as well as the mode of redress,
and to deny jurisdiction over rases which its own policy
and its institutions eithei piohibrt 01 di&countcnaiice.
" ff, therefore, the clause ot the Constitution had stopped
at the mere recognition of the right, without providing or
contemplating any means by which it might boestabli&hed
and entorced m cases where it did not execute itself, it Is
plain that it would have been, in a great variety of cases,
a delusive and empty denunciation.
" And this leads us to the consideration of the other part
ofthe clause, wh«eh implies at once a guarantee and duty.
Itsay : k But he [the tdave] shall be delivered up on claim
of the pnity to whom such laborer service is due.' By
whom to be delivered up? in what mode to be delivered
up: How. if a t em-al takes place, N the rnjht of dcliveiy
to be enforced? Upon what proof;? When and under
what circumstances shall the possession of the owner,
after it h obtained, be conclusive ot his ngin, so as to pre-
clude any furiin-i inquiry and cxammation4into it by local
tribunal, or otherwise while the slave is in possession of
the owner. 01 in Irawitu to the State from which he fled?
" These and many othei questions will readily occur
upon the slightest attention to the clause, and it is obvious
thatthej can receive but one satisfactory answer. They
requite the aid of legislation to protect the right, to enforce
the delivery, and to .-ecuie the subsequent possession of
the slave.
" if indeed the Constitution guaranties the right, and if
it require^ the delivery upon the claim of the ownei—as
cannot well be doubted—the natural inference certainly is
that the national Government is clothed with the appro-
priate authority and lunctions to enforce it. The funda-
mental principle applicable to all cases of this sort would
seem to be that, where tbe end is required, the means are
given ; and wheie the duty is enjoined, the ability to per-
form it is contemplated to exist 011 the part of the func-
tionaries to whom it is intrusted. The clause is found m
the national Constitution, and not in that of any State. It
doc not point out any State functionaries, 01 any State
action, to carry its provisions into effect. On the contrary,
the natuial and necessary conclusion is that the national
Government is hound, thiougb its own proper departments
—legislative, judicial, and executive—to carry into effect
all tiie rights and duties imposed by the Con.-trtution.
%< It will probably be found, when we look to the char-
acter of the Constitution of the United States itself, tiie
objects which it seeks to attain, the powt 1 which it em-
ploys, the duties which it enjoins, and the rights which it
secure^- a? well as to the known historical facts that many
 f its provisions were matters of compromise of opposing
interests and opinions—that no uniform rule of interpreta-
tion can be applied, which may not allow, even if it dues
not positive^ demand, many modifications in its applica-
tion to particular clauses. Perhaps the safest rule of inter-
pretation, after all, wril be found to be, to look to the nature
and object of the particular powers, duties, rights, with all
the light and aid of cotemporary history; and to give to
the words of each just such operation and force, consistent
with their legitimate meaning, a; may fairly secure and
attain the ends proposed, it is historically well known
that the object of the clause of the Constitution, relating
to persons owing set vice and labor in one State escaping
into anolhei, was to secure to the citizens of the slave-
holding States the complete right and title of ownership in
their slaves, as property ..in every State of the Union into
which they might escape fioin the State where they were
held in servitude.
" The full recognition of this right and title was indis-
pensable to the security of this specics of property in all
the slavcholding States; and, indeed, was so vital to the
pres-eivation of their domestic interests and institutions,
that it cannot be doubted that it constituted a fundamental
article, without the adoption of which the Union could not
have*jbeen formed. ft3 true design was to guard against
the doctrines and principles prevailing in the non-slave-
holdina States, by preventing them from intermeddling
with, oi\gl!>structing, or abolishing, the rights ol the own-
ers of shrves. Tire clause in the Constitution relating to
fugitives from labor manifestly contemplates theexistence
of a positive, unqualified right, on the part of the owner of
the slave, which 110 State law or regulation can in any way
qualify, regulate, control, or restrain. Any State law or
regulation which interrupts, limits, delays, or postpones the
rights of the owner to the immediate command of his ser-
vice or labor, operates, pro lanto, a discharge of the slave
therefrom. Tire owner of a fugitive slave has the same
right to seize and take him, in a State to which he has
escaped, that he has in a State from which he fled. The
court have not the slightest hesitation in holding thpt, under
and in virtue of the Constitution, the owner of a slave is
clothed with the authority, in every State of the Union, to
seize and recapture his slave.
''The right to seize and retake fugitive slaves, and the
duty to deliver them up, in whatever State of the Union
they may be found, is, under the Constitution, recognized
as an absolute, positive right and duty, pervadnig the
whole Union with an cquai and supreme force, uncon-
trolled and uncontrollable by State sovereignty and State
legislation. The right and duty are coextensive and uni-*
form m remedy and operation throughout the whole Union.
The owner has the same security and the same remedial
justrce and the same exemption fiom State regulations and
control, through however many States he may pass with
the fugitive slave in his possession, in transitu to his
domicil/'
The Supreme Court, in the case of Moore, ex-
ecutor of Eels, vs. the State of Illinois, decided
thus:
"A State, under its general and admitted power to define
and punish offenses against its own peace and policy, may
repel from its boiders an unacceptable population, whether
paupers, criminals, fugitives, or liberated slaves; and,
consequently, may punish her citizens and others who
thwart tin* policy, by harboring, secreting, or in any other
way assisting such fugitives.
u If. is no objection to such legislation that the offender
may be liable to punishment, under the act of Congress, for
the same acts, when injurious to the owner of the fugitive
slave.
k,The case of IVigg vs. The Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (16 Peters. 539) presented the following questions,
which were decided by the court:
i<{ I. That undci and in virtue of the Constitution of the
United States, the owner of a tiave is clothed with entire
authority m every State in tbe Union, to seize and recap-
ture his slave, wherever he can do it without illegal vio-
lence or a breach of the peace.
u 12. That the Government of the United States is clothed
with appropriate authority and functionstoenforcethede-
livery, on claim of the owner, and has properly exercised
it m the act of Congress of 12th February, 1793.
" That any State law or regulation which interrupts,
impedes, limits, embairasses, delays, or postpones the
right ot the owner to the immediate possession of the slave,
and the immediate command of his service, is void.'
" This court has not decided that State legislation in aid
of the claimant, and which does not directly or indirectly
delay, impede, or frustrate, the master m the exercise of
his right under the Constitution, or in pursuit of his rem-
edy given by the act of Congress, is void."—Howard's S.
C. Reports, vol. 14, pp. 13,14.
I desire to have public sentiment calicd to this
point. I have no doubt the honest people of the
North, when they see that their own judges and
their own statesmen have thus decided, will begin
to reflect upon the impropriety of their attempts
to rescue slaves, right or wrong. If we can carry
out that provision of the Constitution in an effect-
ual manner, by an armed force to maintain and
secure the execution of the Constitution, but little
more will remain to be done to pacify the public
mind.
Will it not be better to have this armed police
in the Union, accomplishing its desired object,
than to have a standing army out of the Union?
We might, by possibility, separate in a peaceable
manner; but the peace would not last six weeks.
While the prudent men upon both sides would
be in favor of peace, and while the prudent men
upon both sides would advise peace, still some
reckless men can involve the two sections in a
war, the flames of which, being lighted up, will j
bum throughout the kind; and prudence will be j
destroyed by thoimproperand unfortunate action '
of a few reckless individuals. Let parties be placed
in hostile array, and who can foretell the end ?
Let a boy at school put a chip on his -headland
tell another that he must not Knock it off, and he
"Will be sure to do it. it is the principle of'human
nature, that, when threats are made, when
ances are thrown out, when attempt#* are made
to intimidate, there will be an effort made t© repel
them. Cannot we conciliate better -by- prompt
action ? Cannot wc protect every interest now
threatened? Cannot we prevent our slaves being
run off? Cannot we protect Virginia and Mis-
souri, and the other border States, from being in-
vaded ? There is adequate power in the Govern-
ment to do it. Will you exercise it, or will you
first flee from the failing fabric without making a
single effort to prop it up and sustain it? If the
foundation be undermined, take out the rotten
piece and insert new timber. Go to work and
make at least one last, lingering effort. Stand
upon the record of your country's history,, as
your boys and girls will read it thirty years
hence, in the light of true patriots, willing to
make every personal sacrifice, willing to make
every individual and public effort to save the Gov-
ernment, and to save our rights at the same tinie.
A Government without rights is nothing, and I
would not have it; I would leave it, if it Were per-
mitted so to exist; but if there.be a possibility
(and I think there is more than a possibility; f
think there is a probability) of securing our rights
in the Government still, let us make the effort.
It is of no use for me to say what ultimate results
may drive me to; I think it very improper to say
that in the Senate. I will only say this: I trust
in God, as I believe, I shall" be adequate to the
emergency, whatever it calls for.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, it is notmy
purpose to address the Senate- at this time upon
the pending resolution. I rise to correct a false
impression upon the public mind, as I have seen
it published in several leading journals of the
country, as to the attitude of California in the
present crisis. It has been said, and by ma by-
believed, that, in the event of the secession of
several of the States of the Union, California
would avail herself of the opportunity to declare
her own independence, and, in conjunction with
the other territory of the United States on the
Pacific, would form a Pacific Republic.
Mr. President, there is not a word of truth in
this idea, and. it docs great injustice to the people
of that State. This Union has no more loyal
subjects than the people of California; and out of
her half million population, I believe there are
not many who are for disunion in any shape.
California will remain in the Union as it is and
as it may be. And if, as seems now to be con-
ceded, the cotton States withdraw from the Union,
and are eventually followed by all the southern
States, California, I am certain, will still remain
with the great West and the North, with whom
she is identified. [Symptoms of applause in the
galleries.]
In addressing this body upon the 16th of April
last, I foreshadowed the idea of a Pacific Repub-
lic upon the dissolution of the existing Union.
I am satisfied, upon more mature reflection, to
say the least, I was premature. For whatever
may be my own opinion of the right or wrong of
the presentagitatingquestion,aquestion in which
California has no present or vital interest, I feel
it my bounden duty to thus give, not only my
own opinion, but, as one of her representatives,
to state what I believe to be the voice of her
majority.
There is but one thing which will or can alienate
the affections of the people of the Pacific from the
Union as it is or as it may be; and that is, a failure
to give them a Pacific railroad, and, until it is
completed, overland mail facilities.
Upon this question they are clamorous, urgent,
unanimous; and, since the great West and North
are thoroughly committed to this material idea,
their loyalty cannot be questioned.
I shall, Mr. President, at some future day, with
the indulgence of the Senate, submit a few reasons
for this opinion, and also allude to the present
condition of the country, but not until other Sen-
ators are heard who rank me in age, experience,
and wisdom.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I should like
to ask the honorable Senator from Kentucky, who
proposes the resolution, whether he accepted or
