THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
declined to accept the amendments of the honor-
able.Senator from New York?
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will make a statement. In order to avoid all
discussion on this matter and allow the commit-
tee to be free and untrammeled, I propose to con-
sent in substance to the suggestion of the Senator
from Vermont, and that is to strike out all after
the word " members," and add, " and that said
committee be instructed to inquire into the pres-
ent condition of the country, and report by bill
or otherwise." That makes it as universal as it
can be, and is the substance of. the proposition
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. That is well
enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York withdraw his amendments ?
Mr. KING. I would not of myself; but I
suppose they share the fate of the original prop-
osition, that being withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators can
respectively withdraw what they have heretofore
offered, and submit this. That is the shortest
way.
Several Senators , (to Mr. King.) Withdraw
your amendments.
Mr. KING. I did not hear what was the ex-
act proposition of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. It was to strike out all after
the word " members," and insert 
Mr. DOUGLAS and others. Let the resolu-
tion be read as it now stands.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
The Secretary read the resolution as proposed
to be amended, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of tlu: President's message as
relates to the agitated and distracted condition of the coun-
try, and the grievances between the slaveholdmg and non-
slavehoiding States, be referred to u special committee of
thirteen members, and that said committee be instructed
to inquire into the present condition of the country, and
report by biil or otherwise.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, if there be any-
thing whatever that ought to be inquired into, in
my judgment, it is, whether the laws be sufficient
to enable the Government to maintain itself and
to enforce its constitutional powers; but I suppose
that, by parliamentary rule, ray amendment also
fails when the original proposition fails. I have
no disposition to embarrass this matter in any
way; and if no instructions are given, then I
take it what I have proposed will- be a subject-
matter for the consideration of tlie committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition,
as now amended, is before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I am extremely rejoiced, for
one, Mr. President 
Mr. 1VERS0N. I rise to a point of order. 1
desire to know whether there is not a special
order set apart for to-day at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asks
pardon of the Senate; lie observes that the hour
has passed by a few minutes; and he must call
the attention of the body to the special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope wo shall pro-
ceed with the business before us.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the bill (S. No. 230) declaratory of the acts for
carrying into effect the ninth article of the treaty
between the United States and Spain.
Mr. IVERSON. As neither the Senator from
Florida [Mr. Mallohy] nor my colleague, [Mr.
Toombs,] who have taken a very deep interest in
this bill, is present, I move, with the concur-
rence of the friends of the bill, that it be post-
poned for one week, and made the special order
for Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I do not rise to oppose the mo-
tion, but I want to make a suggestion to the chair-
man ofthe Committee on Claims, who has the bill
in charge. It is a very important measure, which
excited a great deal of discussion at the last ses-
sion, and the action of the Senate was rather ad-
verse to it. Since then I have been appealed to
by some gentlemen who feel an interest in the
matter, and am earnestly desired to examine it.
I spoke and voted against it at the last session,
and I am desirous to examine it, and willing to
do so; I shall give it a fair examination; but I
want to suggest to the Senator from Georgia that
it is not possible that that can be done between
now and next Mctaday, If he will put it off until
after the holidays I think lie will have an oppor-
tunity to get a more intelligent vote on it. i am
desirous of examining the case, and if it is worthy
of a vote, giving it.
Mr. IVERSON. We can postpone it again
on Monday if the Senator should not be in a con-
dition then to consider it. I propose to postpone
it until Monday, because I am not advised of the
movements either of my colleague or the Senator
from Florida, both of whom feel an interest in the
bill. I prefer to have it postponed until Monday,
and no longer, for the present, and then of course
we can be governed by circumstances; we cai"
postpone it until after the holidays and goon thjfn
as the Senate may think proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the questiqfl on
Mr. Ivekson's motion, and it was agreed
STATE OF THE UNION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of
the Senator from Kentucky is before the Senate,
and the Senator from Connecticut is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. FOSTER. I have no disposition, Mr.
President, to occupy the time of the Senate. I
hope the question may be taken on the resolution,
and that it may pass. I, for one, feel very much
rejoiced that the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky 'lias proposed it, not because I suppose
there is any great need of legislation here, but
that the country is looking towards us, and if we
do nothing public excitement- will be rather in-
creased than diminished. If we take a step which
looks toward consideration of the distracted con-
dition of the country, it may tend to allay public
•excitement to some extent; and if it do to any
extent, it is surely desirable that it be done. I
should have voted for the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky without amend-
ment, had he not agreed to amend it, not because
I could agree with its terms and phraseology al-
together—I was much better satisfied, certainly,
with the resolution as proposed to be amendtd by
the honorable Senator from New York—but still,
I say I shf-uM have voted, I think, for the ori-
ginal resolution had the amendments not been
acceptable to the Senator who moved it, and I
should have done so for reasons satisfactory to
my own mind.
Our Federal Government, Mr. President, to-
day is, and for many years past has been, in the
hands of a great political party called, usually,
the Democratic party. The President of theUni-
ted States belongs to that party; all the heads of
Departments belong to that party, a large major-
ity of the members of this Senate belong to that
party. The only exception to the remark I have
made, if any exception can be made, is the House
of Representatives, where that party may not,
and indeed does not, have a numerical majority.
Still, the remark is true that the Federal Govern-
ment is now in the hands of the great Democratic
party of this country.
Under these circumstances, we are told that
our Union is in danger of I eing disrupted and
falling to pieces. In that sta'e of things, a mem-
ber of the Democratic party sitting on the Ad-
ministration side of the Chamber, representing
certainly as gallant and patriotic a State as'any
one in this Union of States, comes forward with
a proposition which I should feel it my duty to
support, because it looks toward allaying the
cxcitenient said, and undoubtedly truly said, to
exist in the country; and it looks toward bring-
ing back harmony and fraternal feeling to our
country.
The disruption of the country and its falling to
pieces, even though it happened in the hands of
the Democratic party, would be deplored by me
as much as by any man in this body; and such
an event would be as much deplored by the State
of Connecticut as by any State in this Union.
She would consider it the duty of her represent-
atives here, to do all that honorable and patriotic
men could do to avert that catastrophe. She
would expect them to rise far above all party
considerations, if by so doing they could prevent
so disastrous a result.
I therefore, entertaining the opinions I do in
regard to the amendments proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York, should have voted for the
original resolution; and would very cordially
have given my support to any honest effort (and
this I Believe j indeed I may say I knoWjisan hon-
est one) to promote peace and harmony in the
country. I certainly must not be understood as
committing myself to some suggestions in the
resolution in regard to amendments to the Consti-
tution, and so forth; but I do commit myself to
any patriotic effort to promote harmony and peace
in our country. As the resolution stands, it seems
to me certainly to be quite unexceptionable to
anyone. It covers the whole ground. It can-
not be said to have any party aspect. It as much
belongs to one side of thfe Chamber as the other.
It is broad and liberal as language can make it.
And if there is, as I trust there is, a disposition
here, and I hope elsewhere, to promote the har-
mony and peace of the country, a resolution of
this sort is certainly a most appropriate one under
which we may make the effort.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I only rise
to express my regret that the Senator from Con-
necticut should have deemed it consistent with
his duty to try to bring partypolitics and party
discussion into this question at this time. I had
hoped that we could lay aside our party feuds
until we had saved the country; and then, if we
must, let us quarrel about who shall govern itaf-
terwards. I am ready to act with any party, with
any individual of any party, who will come to
this question with an eye single to the preserva-
tion of the Constitution and the Union. [Mani-
festations of approbation in the gallery.] I trust
we may lay aside all party grievances, party
feuds, partisan jealousies, and look to our coun-
try, and not to our party, in the consequences of
our action. Sir, I am as good a party man as any
one living, when there are only party issues at
stake, and the fate of political parties to be pro-
vided for. But, sir, if I know myself, I do not
desire to hear the word party, or to listen to any
party appeal, while we are considering and dis-
cussing the questions upon which the fate of the
country now hangs. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Mississippi pause for-a moment? The Chair
has observed several times this morning, as dif-
ferent Senators have been speaking, a disposition
to applaud in the galleries. It has not been usual
in the Senate, and at this time can be productive
of no good, and cannot be tolerated. No matter
what Senator is addressing the Chair, the Chair
will deem it his duty to enforce the rules of the
body. There must be decorum and orden in these
large galleries.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Mississippi
will indulge me in adding to what has fallen from
the President, that it not only has not been usual,
bat it can only be considered an indignity to the
Senate for those in the galleries to express appro-
bation or disapprobation at anything that passes
here; and I trust that, if it occurs again, the Pre-
siding Officer will order the galleries to be cleared.
It is an indignity to the Senate, whether the
manifestation be of approbation or disapproba-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. DAViS. Mr. President, if the political
firmament seemed to me dark before, there has
been little in the discussion this morning to cheer
or illumine it. When the proposition ofthe Sen-
ator from Kentucky was presented,—not very
hopeful of a good result,—I was yet willing to wait
and see what developments it might produce.
This morning, for the first time, it has been con-
sidered; and what of encouragement have we
received? One Senator presents, as a cure for
the public evil impending over us, to invest the
Federal Government with such physical power
as properly belongs to monarchy alone. Another
announces that his constituents cling to the "Fed- ■■
eral Government if its legislative favors and its
Treasury secure the works of improvement and
facilities which they desire; while another rises
to point out that the evils of the land are of a
party character. Sir, we have fallen upon evil
times, indeed, if the great convulsion which now
shakes the body-politic to its center is to be dealt
with by such quack nostrums as these. Men
must look more deeply, must rise to a higher alti-
tude; like patriots, they must confront the danger
face to face, if they hope to relieve the evils which
now disturb the peace of the land, and threaten
the destruction of our political existence.
First of all, we must inquire what is the cause
