$2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10.
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of
tfic.couiitry and the grievances between the slaveholding
and the ifon slaveholding States be referred to a special
committee of thirteen members; and that said committee
be instructed to inquire into the present condition of the
country, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have not a word to
say upon the proposed resolution. It is nothing
more than the ordinary form of the motion for a
reference of the President's message. It presents
no subject of debate, I hope we shall nave the
question. It is very important to us, I think,
sir, to avoid premature debates upon this subject,
however interesting they may be. Wearealways
in danger of collisions produced or excitcmcnts
created. I wisli to see the Senate, as I wish to
sec one and all of us, observe a perfect calmncss
and coolness of judgment to act upon the specific
measures that wc shall so soon have presented to
us for our action. I hope that without further
debate we shall take the question. I surrender
my right to debate it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have no de-
sire now to make a speech, nor to take any part
in the discussion that has been commenccd. I
can bear yet a little longer the misrepresentations
in the President's message, and 1 believe the
North can bear them yet a little longer. The
time will come, perhaps, when I shall deem it my
duty to set forth those things in the light of rea-
son and of history. Meanwhile, I content my-
self with simply offering to the Senate a piece of
testimony of direct and most authoritative bear-
ing upon the present state of the Union. If I
may adopt the language of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] it will help us to make the
diagnosis of the present disease in the body-pol-
itic.
1 hold in my hand an unpublished autograph
letter, written by General Jackson, while Presi-
dent of the United States, and addressed to a cler-
gyman in a slaveholding State. Omitting certain
sentences which are of a purely private nature,
the letter is as follows:
f" Private.] Washington, May 1,1833.
** AIy dear Sir * * * * uJ*havc Inula
laborious Ui-k heie, bur nullification is dead ; and its actors
and courtiers will only be remembered by the people to be
execrated for their wicked design* to sever and destroy the
only good Government on the globe, and that prosperity and
happiness we enjoy over eveiy other pomon of the world.
Hainan's gallows ought to be the fate of all such ambitious
men, who would involve their country in civil wat, and
all the evils in its train, that they might reign and rule on
its whirlwind* and direct the storm. The free people of
these United Suites have spoken, and consigned these
wicked demagogues to their proper doom. Take care of
your nullifiurs; you have them among you; Jet them
meet with the indignant frowns of every man who loves
his country. The tariff, it is now "—
and he italicizes or underscores the word
44 now"—
"known, was a mere pretext—it? burden was on your
coaisc woolens. By the i;uv of July, 1833, coarse woolen
was reduced to five per cent, for the benefit of the South.
Mr. Clay's bill takes it up and classes it with woolens at
fifty per cent., reduces it giadually down to twenty pur
cent., and there it is to remain, and Mr. Calhoun and all
the nullifies agree to the principle. The rash duties and
home valuation will be equal to fifteen percent, inoie, and
alter the year 1842, you pay on coarse woolens thirty-five
percent. If this is not pioiection, I cannot understand;
therefore the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and
a southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext
will be the negro or slavery question.
" My health is not good, but is improving a little. Present
me kindly to your lady and family, and believe me to be
your friend. I will always be happj to hear from you.
" ANDKEW JACKSON.
"The Rev. Andrew J. Crawford.j5
There is the original autograph letter in the un-
mistakable, well-known,bold,broad handwriting.
[Here Mr. Sumner held the letter up.] These
are the words of a patriot slaveholder of Ten-
nessee, addressed to a patriot clergyman of a
slaveholding State, and they are directly applica-
ble to the present hour. Of practical sense, of
inflexible purpose, and of various experience,
'Andrew Jackson saw intuitively the springs and
motives of human conduct, while he loved his
country with a firm and all-embracing attach-
ment. Thus inspired, he was able to judge the
presentand to discern the future. The tariff, in his
opinion, was a pretext only; disunion and a south-
ern confederacy the real object. " The next pre-
text, " says he—and you, sir, will mark the
■words—" will be the negro or slavery question."
These, sir, are his words, not mine. .This is his
emphatic judgment- These words and this judg-
ment now* belong to history; nor can they be as-
sailed without assailing one of the greatest exam-
ples that a slaveholding community has given to
our common country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do noFrise to discuss this
matter at all. My own State is about to discuss
it for herself; and I do not feel at liberty to speak
for her. She will speak very soon in person. But
I think it is a matter of some interest to the coun-
try that gentlemen who are here assembled as the
accredited representatives of the public sentiment
of their different States should understand, so far
as communion between them will enable us to
understand, what the views of the people of the
different States are; and for this purpose, I desire
to address a question to the honorable Senator
from New York who offered an amendment this
morning; and I would also desire to address the
same question to the Senator from Connecticut
who has spoken. I was notable to catch the exact
intent of the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from New York, and which, I under-
stood, met the approbation of the Senator from
Connecticut. I rise, therefore, for the purpose of
inquiring, with a view to this comparison of opin-
ion, whether the intent of that amendment was to
indicate the opinion, either on the part of the gen-
tleman who offered it, or on the part of the party
of which he is a distinguished member, of a duty
or purpose of the employment of physical armed
force by the Federal Government against the State
which might think proper to withdraw from the
Union anddeclarcits independence; that,ofcourse,
being used with a view to carry out the execution
of the Federal laws now existing. */
Mr. KING. Mr. President, asnhe question
seems to be asked in fairness, I have no objection
to express my opinion, and what I believe to be
the opinion of the great body, almost the entire
body of the people of New York. Their senti-
ment upon this subject is, that the Union of these
States must and shall be preserved. We hone
that the civil powers of the Constitution, and the
good sense and patriotism of the people of the
whole country, are sufficient for that purpose;
but wc hold, too, that resistance to the law and
constitutional power of the Federal Government
is as much an object demanding its attention, and
that it is as much its duty to overcome and sup-
press any sucli resistance, as it is to protect a hum-
ble individual who may be assaulted by another.
Secession, which is talked about here, is but an-
other name for insurrection and rebellion.. I be-
lieve that this Government cannot be dissolved;
because I believe the great body of its people are
attached to it, and that they will defend and pre-
serve it. If the gentleman talks about a State
seceding, I take it that those who violate and re-
sist the law will meet the penalty which the law
inflicts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I had hoped to receivc an
answer from the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, whom I understood to approve of the
amendment of the Senator from New York. I
was really desirous to ascertain whether his views
also were that, in the eventof a declaration of in-
dependence by a State, it was proper or it was
intended to wage war against that State for the
purpose of reducing it to obedience from its rebel-
lion.
Mr, FOSTER. Mr. President, I have no ob-
jection at all to give any views that I may have
upon this subject to the honorable Senator from
Louisiana; but I must say that I see nothing in
the amendment proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York to the resolution as intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
that involves any such question as that pro-
pounded to me by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana. I have not, however, any difficulty
in answering the question at any proper time,
although I do not suppose thatmyanswer would
give very much light to the Senator from Louisi-
ana, or strengthen him in any opinion he may
have upon the subject, one way or the other.
Mr. DIXON. I certainly did not understand
my colleague to refer to the fact that the Demo-
cratic party noware, and long have been,in power
in this Government, in any partisan or offensive
sense, but only as a fact tn history; but whatever
may be our differences of opinion as to the causes
of the present troubles, the great truth is apparent,
and we cannot, cither as partisans or as patriots,
shut our eyes to the great truth that nothing less
than the total disruption of this Governments the
peril to which we are now exposed. And now, sir,
with regard to the manner in which this subject
is to be treated. I desire to say, for myself and
for that portion of my constituents whom I rep-
resent, and I desire to say it decidedly and dis-
tinctly, that I shall not treat the subject in a par-
tisan manner; nor shall I treat it in a menacing
manner. If there are those here who desire at
this time to use menaces; if there are those who
desire to threaten war in any event, I wish to say
decidedly for myself, and for that portion of my
constituents whom 1 represent in opinion, that I
am not with them. But I do not understand that
to be the policy upon this side of the Chamber.
In such an event it is useless to inquire which
section of the country would suffer most, or suf-
fer longest. Enough for us to know that every
portion would suffer long, and suffer deeply.
Enough for us to know that a dissolution of this
Union, for whatever cause, and however brought
about, would be not only the great event, but, in
its effects on the race of mankind, the great
calamity of the age.
Mr. President,"the public mind is aroused to
the perception of the fact of the existing danger
to our Government, at the precise moment when
wc have just passed through a presidential elec-
tion. Hence it may be supposed that the result
of this election is the causo, whereas it is only an
occasion. The cause lies far deeper. In a very
short time a crisis, differing only from the pres-
ent in the occasion of its happening, would have
occurred if either of the candidates for the Pres-
idency had succeeded at the recent election.
The controversy on the subject of African
slavery which has been going on for several
years between the northern and southern portions
of this country has now reached a point where
its final and rightful adjustment, consented to by
the people of both sections, seems to be indis-
pensable to the continuance of our Government
m its present form. The election of Mr. Lincoln
hastened the critical day. His defeat could only
have postponed it.
In saying that the controversy respecting sla-
very is the cause of our present difficulties, I do
not intend to say whether one section of the
country is in fault more than another, whether
both are equally in fault, or whether the blame
is wholly on one side. Crimination and recrim-
ination are now useless—nay, dangerous. If it
be possible, the first thing should bo to restore
the fraternal spirit which once existed, ought to
exist, and may still exist.
How shall this be done ? I know of no other
mode than by cheerfully and honestly assuring
to every section of the country its constitutional
rights. No section professes to ask more; no
section ought to offer less. As to whatare these
constitutional rights, that is a question to be con-
sidered in a spirit of confidence and mutual good
will, and furthermore, in a spirit of devotion to*'
the Union, for the preservation of which my Con-
stituents are ready to make any sacrifice which a
reasonable man can ask, or an honorable manean-
grant, consistently with principle. In this spirit,,
sir, I shall meet this great question, and in doing so
I believe I shall be sustained by an immense ma-
jority of my constituents. If time shall show that
I am wrong in this belief, 1 shall instantly cease
to represent them m this Senate.
Sir, if this spirit could prevail in our councils,
how different would, almost instantly, be the con-
dition of the country ! Whether it shall prevail
or not, depends wholly on that great power which
underlies all laws and all constitutions in this
country, and by which alone they can be sup-
ported—the thinking, intelligent, public mind> of
the nation. The people, under God, must save
this Union, if it is to be saved. Politicians can-
not do it. The people are now learning what they
have never brought themselves to believe, that the
Union is in danger: and they, and they alone,
must apply the remedy. What I may be willing
to do, or what the Senate may be willing to do,
will avail nothing, unless supported by the intel-
ligence and conscience of the people. If the evils
of disunion and civil war could be delayed until
the action of the people could be had, I should
have entire confidence that the result would be
the perpetuation of our Government in its present
form, and that these confederated States would
continue to be bound together, in eternal Union,
by the golden chains of mutual advantage. But
! the danger is that anger and precipitation on the
