994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope we shall all unite
1 oh "that. I understand the full effect of the prop-
osition will be to reduce the duty on sugar to
| cent a pound. It is now about lj cent, if I
understand aright.
Several Senators. A cent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As it stands in the origi-
nal bill; but I understand the present tariff im-
poses about lj cent on the pound.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the statement made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I think ho
made it so by taking one particular year. I have
no idea that the present tariff does amount to
that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will reduce it some-
what; but it will still produce three fourths of the
revenue that it now produces, and perhaps move
than three fourths the present revenue upon sugar.
As the revenue is absolutely necessary to pay
debts of the Government, and to maintain its
credit, I have no doubt that the American people
wiU submit temporarily to a taxation upon their
tea and coffee, and without any complaint. This
provision, which i have added to the amendment,
is, that the duty on tea and coffee, and sugaralso,
shall cease at the end of two years from the 30th
of June next. In the mean time, we shall fully
understand what our relations are to our sister
State of Louisiana; and it may be that Lousiana
will then be here by her Representatives to vote
when we come to change the tariff on that sub-
ject; and if it is thought best to continue the duty
on sugar two years hence, she may have a voice
in it; and, perhaps, if she is not here at that time,
we may not conclude to have any duty on sugar
at a(i after that period.
Mr. GWIN. This purports to be abill to raise
revenue to carry on the Government; and now it
is proposed in a short time to make an article,
upon which the duties last year amounted to
tree. Of all the articles imported into
the United States during the last fiscal year, the
article that paid the moat duty was sugar, and
now it is proposed to make tlvat free; and it is
said this is a measure to raisr revenue. It seems
to me the amendment is entirely inconsistent,
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is to make it free at the
end of two years.
JMr. GWIN. I think we had better continue
the duty on those articles that, will certainly bring
revenue to the Government. I should like to have
cheap sugar, as well as others; but I want money
enough to cairy on the Government.
Mr. BAKjGII. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Ithode Island, what, in his judg-
ment, is the difference between the tax upon su-
gar now, tea and coffee being free, and the proba-
ble result by the amendment to the amendment;
the effect on the revenue?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have stated several times
—perhaps the Senator did not hear me—that 1
think the revenue, by tins amendment, will be in-
creased about §4,000,000 over what it now is.
Mr. BAKER. That is, on tea and coffee, as
pioposcd to be taxed, and sugar?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. The fact is, that
this is u diminution of the sugar duty, varying
according to the price of sugar. As sugar is now,
perhaps, the duty will be about the same in one
form as the other. When sugar rises, the duty
{;oes up with it, until it gels to a cents per pound;
and when it falls, it falls below 1 cent. If you
put a certain amount of duty on it, you will have
about a uniform revenue from it. Thatis the way
we got $12,000,000 from sugar alone in one year,
about two years ago.
Mr. 13AKER. I shall take this occasion, lV!r.
President, in very brief words, to express the
principle by which I shall be governed in voting
u)ion this measure. Iron, sugar, tea, and coffee,
are the articles which, in Oregon, we consume
most of, and upon which theheaviest duty is laid,
so far as our interests are concerned. The senti-
ment of the people there, and I apprehend upon
tile Pacific coast, is not in favor of the principle
of the tariff. They incline in their opinions to-
wards what is called free trade; and the duty
which we jxgree to have levied is, in our judg-
ment, in pursuance of the highest obligation to
the Government of the whole country. We have
looked for a Pacific railroad; 1 believe we shall
not get it. We have looked for an overland mail.
We are taxing the country heavily for what we
have received in that particular, and we are look-
ing for a system which will yet tax it heavily.
I have hoped, and shall hope, until after Thurs-
day, that the debt contracted by the State of Ore-
gon for the reduction of the savage foe upon her
frontier, will be paid; and in return, actuated by
that expectation, still hoping that, if not to-day, or
this year, some time before long, that great high-
way of nations will be made, and thatdebt will be
paid, I propose at this session loyally—in consid-
eration of the difficulties under which the country
is laboring in pointof finance, and because weare
in a state of revolution—I propose, living distant
as I do, to vote for measures oppressive upon all
our interests, for the maintenance of the Govern-
ment,and to afford revenue for that Government.
But while I do it, I desire it to be understood that
I do it against the general wish and opinion of
the people of the Pacific coast. The duty upon
iron, upon sugar, upon tea,and upon coffee, falls
upon us most heavily and most oppressively; and
while I do it, sacrificing their convictions and
mine for the general welfare, I trust gentlemen
upon all sides of the Senate will remember that
we suppose wo impose upon all gentlemen who
desire to look at the interests of all sections of the
Confederacy, an obligation not to regard the
measures which we propose lightly, or to sup-
port them doubtfully or unwillingly.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia
seems to think that I may be mistaken in the
statement which I made in regard to the amount
of sugar imported, and the duties charged thereon;
or rather, that I have taken a year which did not
indicate clearly what the general cffect of the sys-
tem is. Now, sir, I will give two years; and I
think they will show the Senate that 1 am right,
that the duty we now have exceeds I cent a pound
on brown sugar. In 1859 the imports amounted
to six hundred and fifty-four million two hundred
and twenty-six thousand pounds; the duties to
$7,313,000. Under the bill , as it came from the
lloiise, the duty would have been $6,542,000.
If the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island prevails!, then the duty on the imports of
1K50 would little exceed $4,000,000, instead of
$7,313,000. JNfow, sir, let us take the year 1860.
The importation for the year 1860 amounts to six
hundred and fifty-four million three hundred and
twenty-six thousand pounds;and the duty thereon
to ^7,430,000. So you will perceive that both
years exceed 1 cent a pound; and, taking the two
years together, nearly 1J cents. Then, sir, if you
take the year 1857, which the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Fitch] is looking for, you will see
that for that year the duty amounted to 2 cents a
pound; and taking a period of five years, or six
years, if you please, the duty on brown sugar
exceeds 1 cent a pound; and the proposition, as
now proposed,is a decided reduction of the duty.
I do not intend to vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island I have said so from
the beginning.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the question be stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know what
the amendment and the amendment to it are.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, to strike out all after the word " pro-
vided," in the following words:
"That whciiPvcrthcTieasmy notes and bonds oftlie Uni-
ted unites which have been or shall be issued, under the
authority of any huvs.oi pre t.~:of law-. between the
4tli (lay of March, 1857, mid the -1th ilav of Maicli. 1861, i
shall he redeemed and paid, the Piesidentot the United I
States is heicliy authorized to make pioelamatiori that the !
atoiesaid articles ot tea and eoliee may he imported into ]
the United States exempt and lice lioiii the specific duties I
herein imposed." j
And to insert in lieu thereof the following: )
That the specific duties on tea, coffee, and sugar, shall 1
cease lioni and alter the 30th ul .Tune. 1SG'3. I
Mr. BIGLER. I have now the imports for ;
1857; and as 1 discover that I stated them a little '
too strongly, I will give them as they really are. I
111 1857, seven hundred and seventy-four million 1
nine hundred and thirty-one thousand pounds of ■
brown sugar were imported; and the duty thereon ;
was ^12,784,000, exceeding 1| cent a pound. I '
said 1 thought it was near 2 cents. j
Mr. GRIMES. I call for tlio yeas and nays 1
on the amendment to the amendment. i
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being l:
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows: |.
ViJAS—Messrs. Bnfcei, Jiinjliam, Chandler, Claik, Doo- II
little, Douglas, Durkee, Foot. Grimes, Hailan, King, Sew-
ard, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—18.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cam-
eron, Dixon, Fes&end«ii, Fitch, Foster, Hale, Hunter, John-
son ofTennes--ec, Lawj, Latham, Nicholson, Pearee, Polk,
Powell, Sebastian, and Simmons—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will now renew the
amendment, leaving; out the word sugar; so that
the duty on tea and coffee shall cease on the 30th
of June, 1863. I move to strike out all of the
proviso after the word "provided," and to insert:
That the specific duties on tea and colfee shall cease
from and after the 30th day of June, 1863.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 14, noes 20; and
the question recurred on the amendment offered
by Mr, Simmons.
Mr. POLK. I ask that that amendment be
divided. The amendment proposes to reduce the
duty on sugar, and then to add a duty on tea and
coffee. I propose that it be divided, so that we
shall take a vote separately on the reduction of
! the sugar duty, and then also separately on the
addition of a duty on tea and coffee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposes to stnke out and insert. The
Chair thinks that the question must be taken upon
the question of striking" out and inserting as one
motion; and that the amendment, under these cir-
cumstances, is not divisible in the manner sug-
gested by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. POLK. "Will it not be proper first to
amend 
Mr. GRIMES. Move to strike t( tea and
coffee" out of the amendment.
Mr. POLK. Then I will get it out in that way.
1 move to amend the amendment by staking out
all that relates to tea and coffee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The portion
of the amendment proposed to be stricken out will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
<c Second, on coffee. 1 !■ cent per pound, on tea,when im-
ported fiom anypoit or place bejond the Cape of Good
Hope, 4 cents pel pound: when Imported Aoin anypoit
or place till:; bide- 01 the Cape of Good Hope, other th.in in
the country where produced, 4 cents per pound, and tile
addition thereto of JO per centum ml raiorem: Provided,
That whenever tire Treasury note-, or bonds of the United
States which ha\ e been oi shall be issued under the author-
ity of any laws or parts of laws'1—
Mr. POLK. 1 do not want to strike out that
proviso, but only so much of the amendment as
puts a duty on tea and coffee.
Mr. BRAGG. That is a part of it, and applies
it in a particular way.
Mr. POLK. Then I move to strike that out
too.
TheSecretory continued the reading,asfollows:
"passed between the 4th day of JIarch, 1857, and the -Jtli
day ot iUarcht18Gl, &liall be ledeemed and paid, the l':epi-
dent of the United States is lieieby authorized to make
proclamation that the atbic^aid articles of tea and codee
may lie unpolled into the United Stales i-xenqit and free
from tlie specific duties herein imposed."
.Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that our
friends on this side of the House who are for a
tariff bill forget the condition of the country by
the motions offered to-day. We have done very
well for our own position as members of the mi-
nority; but I beg them to remember that wc are
going to be the majority in the country after the
4th pt^ March. While there may be a nominal
majority on tire other side, they are demoralized,
and we have the pohlieal power of the country;
and I wish to remind them that, as we shall act
: with citi eye only to the interests of the country,
| we shall reduce this tax, as they call it, the mo-
j ment it can be dispensed with. We want the
i money now to pay the interest on the debt in-
j curred by the maladministiation of the last four
| years. Tins Administration came into power,
j not only with no debt, but with §17,COO,000 in
j the Treasury, and itis gome,' out leaving us from
I §80,000,000 to §100,000,000 of debt, which we
have not only to pay, but for years we shall have
| to proviJp }■})(-  jn'f'rpsf on if.
Air. GRIMES. The Senator from Pennsyl-
j vaiiia should remember that with such a pure and
: economical administration of the Government we
I snail not need half so much money as the present
1 parry m power.
Mr, CAMERON*. I know that; but we have
got to pay for all the errors of the Administration
