34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
reciprocated that sentiment. I believe the Sen-
ator has pronounced a calumny on his constit-
uents as well as on mine. I do not mean to speak
disrespectfully of him; I speak of his accusation,
and not of himself. I understood the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] to proclaim,
in like manner, not the gospel of peace between
brethren, bat a circumspect waiting to ascertain
whether Mr. Buchanan would or would not send
a Federal Army to coercc the State of South Car-
olina. I trust, sir, if Mr. Buchanan should com-
mit so high-handed and fatal an act of violence
as that, his term- is not too brief, as President of
the United States, for him t<7 be arraigned at our
bar by an impeachment. What would South
Carolina be worth to' herself or to us, if she were
dragged captive in chains? I wish no State of
this union to be subjugated by her sisters. If
she cannot be retained by the bonds of affection,
or, if estranged, cannot be brought back to us by
the arts of kindness, why, then, in God's name—
horrible as I esteem such an alternative—let her
depart in sorrowful silence.
I agree, sir, with much that was said by the
other Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] this
morning. I believe it is no question of personal
liberty bills; no question of Pacific railroad pro-
jects; no question whether the fugitive slave act
shall or shall not be enforced by arms—not even
a question what our territorial policy ought to be.
The difficulty is, that we of the North do not un-
derstand the southern people, and they do not
rightly understand us. I fear that no remedy
is within the reach of Congress, and therefore I
deprecate any discussion of particular questions.
I nope the committee now to be appointed, in
virtue of this resolution, will look beyond and
above all present controversies; and if it can do
nothing else, as I think it cannot, will advise us
to declare to our constituents, in some solemn
form, that no methods of legislation—no method
of constitutional amendment to be inaugurated
here—can be of the slightest efficacy or use. We
must tell the people, in every State, to follow the
example of their fathers—to choose delegates for
conventions of all the States separately, and after-
wards for a convention of the States together.
The entire field of controversy should be reviewed
and patiently considered, in order, if possible, to
lay more deeply, more broadly, and, I trust, more
wisely, the foundations of our common liberty
and security and happiness.
It is easy for Senators from New Hampshire
and Massachusetts upon the one side, and Senators
from Georgia and' Mississippi upon the other, to
debateUnionordisunion as a logical controversy;
but to you [the Vice President, in the chair]
and to me, to our wives and children, to our im-
mediate neighbors, it is a question of life and
death, 1 hope there is no Senator who will not,
under such circumstances, bear patiently with us.
I hope the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
will reconsider his determination. I do not be-
lieve that his noble constituency would think
worse of him because, in response to an appeal of
amity and friendship, he planted himself in the
very door of reconciliation, and kept it open as
long as any one would speak a single kind word.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will allow me a
moment. I never intimated that we would not
listen to appeals; I never said that thiscase could
not be adjusted; but I said there was no disposi-
tion on the Republican side to do it. My friend
from Ohio and 1 have not the power to do it. He
is not speaking for the Republicans. They are
the power in the Government, and, so far as we
have had any intimations from them, they have
no propositions to make, and none to accept. My
friend from Ohio and I might talk to the end of
the next century, and agree or disagree as much
as we pleased 
Mr. BENJAMIN. You and he could agree
in five minutes.
Mr. BROWN. He and I would have no diffi-
culty at all. If the Republicans will trust their
cause to him [laughter] and the Democrats to me,
we will settle the question before the sun goes
down, without the least trouble m the world.
Then I cannot have any difficulty with him. It
is the power behind linu I am talking about.
Mr. PUGH. My honorable friend fiom Mis-
sissippi has no " Republicans" to conquer at home.
That duty remains to mo, and to more than a
million like me. I tell him, and I now tell them
frankly, that unless they approach this contro-
versy in a spirit of honorable conciliation, they
have won their last victory in the non-slavehold-
ingStates,and, assuredly, in the States northwest
of the Ohio river. They did not win the presi-
dential contest on any such propositions as some
of them hate announced on this floor, and they
know it.
At all events,-my honorable friend from Mis-
sissippi ought neither to be deaf nor blind on this
occasion; and for him, as well as for myself, I
desire to express earnest gratitude to the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] for
the generous, manly, and noble speech just deliv-
ered. It was exactly the right speech; made at
the right time; and I must say came from the
right quarter. I accept it as an omen of purer and
of better counsels. For myself, I will not quar-
rel with any gentleman in regard to his particular
remedy or proposition; I am ready to examine
all of them, and give them all a respectful delib-
eration. There is nothing, absolutely nothing,
which an honorable man would ask of me, or of
my constituents, that he cannot receive, and es-
pecially, sir, if he should &sk it in words of kind-
ness. Let us have done with mere altercations.
Is it not an utter disgrace that the first men of the
Republic should come hither, at the seat of Fed-
deral Government, representing the sovereignty
of their proud States at home, when the fabric of
our common liberty is tottering to destruction,
and instead of stretching forth their arms to stay
such ruin, should fold them inanely, helplessly,
and hopelessly, as did the Roman Senators at a
time of barbaric invasion.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to correct
a misapprehension of the Senator from Ohio, in
a statement which he has made of some remarks
that I made here a few days ago. I do not know
that I ever spoke in my life when I was so per-
sistently and so obstinately misrepresented. I
do not refer now to the Senator from Ohio, be-
cause I do not think a Senator here would do it;
but I speak of a few craven, cowardly, infamous
wretches, that in the providence of God have
found themselves editoisofsomeof our northern
papers,and seem to thinkitisincumbenton them
to utter an apology, about once a week, that God
ever sent such miserable wretches into the world.
It is from their hands that this persistent misre-
presentation comes. I understood the honorable
Senator from Ohio to say that L had declared
that I wanted to wait to see if Mr. Buchanan
would not send a Federal army down to coerce
South Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. I say to the Senator frankly that
I did so understand his remarks—not that he
used those words, but that was the amount of
what he said, as I thought. I shall be very happy
if the Senator did not mean that.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, if so intelligentaman
as the Senator from Ohio misunderstood me in
that respect, I ought to abate a little of those ad-
jectives that I have heaped on those editorial
wretches. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. 1 think you had better leave the
adjectives out.
Mr. HALE. I have read that speech over and
over again; I have received various letters in
relation to it; and I said in it just exactly what
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] said
to-day; nothing more, nothing less; and I repeat
itr we ought to look this matter fairly in the face.
I said further, that, in my humble judgment, the
course of events would lead to war; and when
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] asked
me if I meant to threaten war, I repeated over
and over again that I meant no such thing; but
I believed that the course of events was tending
in that direction. I said it,and I believed it; and
I believe it now. I deprecatc it as much as any
man on this floor can; I would make as much
honorable concession as any man can; but I
should scorn myself, and the gallant people that
sent me here would scorn me, if I could stand up
on this floor to menace war. I will go further.
I will say to the Senator from Ohio, that I not
only never said, but I never had such a thought
as that Mr. Buchanan would send an army down
to South Carolina. I will tell you, sir, what 1
believe to be his position—and I am soiry to be
provoked to say it. I believe that, instead of
sending an army down to South Carolina, Mr.
Buchanan is on his knees before them to-day,
begging them for God's sake to stave this thing:
off until the 4th of March, so that he may get
out of the way of the shower before it comes,
[Laughter.] That is the position which I believe
Mr. Buchanan occupies to-day.
Now, sir, I want to say a word further. Some
gentlemen have undertaken to magnify the posi-
tion which so humble an individual as myself
occupies here, and have said to me verbally, and
in writing from some of the adjoining States,- that
something—much—depended upon thecourse that
I and some others not quite so humble as myself
take in this matter. But, sir, I have almost de-
spaired of doing anything; because, when I get
up and say I am for peace and fear war, they
swear that I threaten war and that I do not want
peace. [Laughter.] That is just the way the
public press misrepresents; and I have nothing to
say.
There was one thing which the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] said while he
was up, that I did not exactly catch; and nothing
but my rcluctance to break in upon a gentleman
while he is speaking, prevented me from asking
him at that time if I understood him correctly.
He said thathe appealed to this side, to this party y
who had committed the act which had driven us
to this position. As I did not get the floor of
the Senate, I went over and asked the Senator
from Mississippi privately if I understood him,
because, although the Senator from Georgia, the
other day, represented that there is a state of
armed neutrality here; that nobody here ever goes"
to the other side, and that nobody there ever comes
here, I will say that whenever I have had occasion
to go over on that side, even though it were Ux
address the Senator from Georgia himself, I have
always met kind, courteous, and gentlemanly
treatment.
Mr. IVERSON. It is all on the surface; only
skin deep.
Mr. HALE. Well, then, sir, I have done you
more credit than you deserve. [Laughter.] Thus
encouraged, I went over and asked the Senator
from Mississippi candidly, and it seems I mis-
understood him. He did not speak of any par-
ticular act, but of a series of acts. Now, sir, 1?
declare, before God and the country, that there
is no one thing that I more desire in this world
than to sec that bill of indictment fairly, hon-
estly, and intelligently made out. What is it that
my State has done ? I represent but one State-
I am unfortunate. A great many gentlemen iep-
resent whole squads of States. [Laughter j I
only represent one, and she is one of the smallest
in the Union. I should be glad to see the b l! of
indictment fairly and squarely and legitimately
and constitutionally made out. I would'ask gen-
tlemen to put their finger on the place and name
the time and the occasion when the State which
I have the honor in part to represent here has
done anything inconsistent with her constitutional-
dignity and her constitutional duty—inconsistent
with that fraternal feeling which should govern
the representatives of the States of this Confed-
eracy. And, sir, I can tell the honorable Senator
from Georgia that, when I speak of this fraternal
feeling, it is a little more than skin deep with me.
I have gloried in the Union and in the country,
and the whole of it; and I believe, sir, that if evil
days are before us, they arc the just judgments
of a righteous God for the iniquities of a people
who have been blind to His mercies and reckless
in the use of the great privileges that He has be-
stowed upon them.
But I beg now, and once for all, to assure the
honorable Senator from Ohio, and every other
Senator, and everybody else who pays the least
regard to what falls from so humble a source as
myself, that 1 have never said anything that even
sophistry could tortuye into a menace of war. I
come here, sir, to perform my duty under the
Constitution, .and I am willing to meet any and
everybody and say,, that if there can be po-inted
out anything in which the State that I represent
has come short of her whole constitutional duty,
in letter and in spirit, she will do what she never
did in the face of an enemy, and that is, take a
backward step. She has no pride of opinion that
will influence her beyond her constitutional duty.
She is ready to-perform that, and all that, and to
stand there. It is thus that she expects the Union
will be preserved, and gjo down to posterity such
as we have hoped that it would be, and as I have
