1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
going out, and we ought to fortify ourselves to
enable us to do it. But the force of habit, Mr.
President, is more powerful upon the human mind
than any rule or law which has ever been made
by law-makers. Senators 011 this side have been
in the habit of so long being in the minority and
endeavoring to coirect the errors and wrongs of
the majority, that they are now trying to fetter
themselves—putting bonds upon themselves for
their own good behavior. We need none of them.
These gentlemen have done the wrong, and we
will correct it, under God's permission; and the
moment we can do without this revenue, which
is raised only to pay interest on the public debt,
made by the people who have gone before us, we
will dispense with it.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the question is on strik-
ing out the proviso in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island,
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is to strike out the portion
of the amendment taxing tea and coffee, and also
the proviso.
Mr. FITCH. The object, I presume, of the
proposed amendment, is simply to discontinue the
duty upon tea and coffee for a certain period.
That I understand to be the object.
Mr. POLK. Oh, no; to raise the duty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is to strike out so much
as proposes a duty on tea and coffee.
Mr. FITCH. The reveise, then. I thank the
Senator for correcting my misapprehension.
_ Mr. President, in the present pecuniary condi-
tion of the country, I am perfectly willing, and
more than willing, to vote a reasonable tax on all
such articles as tea, coffee, and sugar, as a reve-
nue measure. They will yield a revenue to the
country. That we know, not only from our ex-
perience on the subject of sugar, but from the
very large consumption of the other two articles.
The argument of the Senator from Massachusetts,
(I think it was,) that they are necessaries, and
therefore should be exempt from taxation, does
not hold good. However desirable they may be
deemed, they arc luxuries. That they are neces-
saries, and enter into the consumption in every
family throughout the country, is wholly errone-
ous. Thousands of families dispense with them
altogether. Those who consume them, like those
who consume other necessaries still more luxu-
rious, if they aie prudent and patriotic American
citizens, will be perfectly willing to pay the small
additional cost for the purpose of extucating the
country from its present troubles. While 1 shall
vote for a tax for revenue purposes, on those ar-
ticles, it must not be inferred that I shall vote for
the bill even with that proposition ingrafted in
it. The bill, as a whole, provides for a protect-
ive, not a revenue tariff; and, as a measure of that
character, can never receive my vote.
1 desire to correct the phiaseology of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. Speaking of this aide
of the Chamber, he said it was demoralized.
Not so. That side of the Chamber it? where the
demoralization exists, and will exist from the
moment of the inauguration of the party it repre-
sents. This side is being dixintegiated, and that
is doubtless what he meant; but the demoraliza-
tion exists entnt'ly on the other side.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. tfisler, Biagg, Blight. Clmgman, Doug-
las., Grime*. Uailun, liuntei, Johtibon ot'TennubaOo,
Latham. Mason, Nicholson,Polk, Powell, Sebuctian, Wig-
fan. and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandlei, Clark, Crittenden, Di\ron. Do'olittle, Duiker,
I'V.-M-nden, Fxtcli, Foot, Foster, Hale. Kmsx, Pearce, Sew-
ard, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tjumbull, Wade, and
Wilkinson—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendmentoifered by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire that the amend-
ment may be read.
The Secretary again read it. 1
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I find by the reading of
it, that there are some provisions in the amend-
ment which I did not understand as being in it
when I spoke on the subject; and therefore I shall
vote against it.
Mr. MASON. I was absent from the Senate
a moment; and therefore, I am not certain on a
question of order. Is it not in order now to move
to strike out that proviso, and insert another as
an amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. MASON. Then,I will move to strikeout
the proviso, and insert what I send to the Chair:
When the public Treasury is no longer called on to con-
tribute to the service of the Post Office Department.
The object of the amendment is to authorize
the President by proclamation to discontinue this
tax upon tea and coffee and sugar whenever the
public Treasury is no longer called upon to con-
tribute to the service of the Post Office. I hope
we shall have a vote upon it by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, MASON. Mr. President, I had not looked
at this tiling very closely; but I was struck with
the fact stated by my colleague in his very able
speech the other day, that by the persistent and
persevering vote of a majority of the Senate, now
running through a period of about three or four
years, against a remonstrating vote of the other
side, it is insisted that the public Treasury shall
bear the expense of postage of citizens, and I
want to put this tax in competition with that
burden.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would it be in order to
move an amendment to that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to say,
when the proper time comes, I desire to offer an
amendment to it that all mail scrvicc be discon-
tinued in seceding States where they do not pay
the expense of carrying the mail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS— Bracg, Bright, Clmjjman, Hunter,John-
son of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nich-
olson. Polk, Powcil, Sebastian, and Wig fall—14.
NAYS—Mttssrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigloj, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Cuttenden, Di\on,Doolittle, Doug-
las, Dutkec, Fessenden,Fitch, Foot, Foster,Grimes, flale,
Harlan, King. St.-w.ud, Sminion=>. Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Tiuinbuii, Wade, Wiikmsdb, and Wilson—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected, and the question recurred on the original
amendment offered by Mr. Simmons.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19; as follows;
YEAS— Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Binsham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Douhttle, Dnrkee, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster. Hale, Km". Pcaice. Seward, Simmons,
Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—123.
NAYS—Mess)?. Bayaid, B/ifler, Brags, Bright, Cling-
lnan, Douglas, Grime*, Gwm. Hunter, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Lane. Latham, M.i<on. Nicholson. Polk, Powell, Se-
bastian, Wig/ail, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment was agreed to
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish now to propose an
amendment to that part of the bill providing for a
loan. I move, in the first section of the bill, to
strike out the word "twenty-one,and insert
"ten," as to the amount of the loan, making it
$10,000,000, instead of $21,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, Mr. President, I
do not object to the reduction of the loan; but I
think we ought to have something to show us that
a loan of $10,000,000 is necessary. Now, sir, I
have been looking a little into tSiis matter, and it
seems to me, with what we have already pro-
vided, we ought to be able to get along. I have
found that the total means for the year, taking re-
ceipts and estimated receipts, with what we have
already provided, will be $89,269,850. Deducting
from that, $21,000,000 of Treasury notes which
are to be paid out of it, leaves $63,269,850. I find, !
in Secretary Cobb's report, that the expenditures
of the last year were only £59,848,474. That in-
cluded a deficiency of $4,446,000, which was a
debt, not the deficiency of that year, but the de-
ficiency of the preceding year; so that when you
come to subtract that amount, and add the inter-
est on the public debt to the balance, which is not
included in the $59,000,000, the total expenditure
would be between $53,000,000 and $.59,000,000; j
and that, too, including the deficiency for one year \
for the Post Office Department. 1
Now, sir, the Senator from Rhode Island—and j
it was partly upon that statement that he made j
his estimate—said: \
" Last year there weie only $'60,000,000 spent, but it will li
be recollected that the Post Office appropriation bill foe the
.year failed, and was paid during this year, making an ag-
gregate of $68,000,000 for each year."
So far from the Post Office deficiency for that
year1>eing paid this year, in that year they paid
two Post Office deficiencies. They paid the Post
office deficiency for that year and for the preced-
ing year, as is stated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in the lastannual report. If you look to the
table of receipts and expenditures, you wiJl find
they paid a little over $8,000,000 in the last fiscal
year for Post Office deficiency, because they were
payin^for the two years-—for thedeficiency for the
preceding year as well as for that year. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island was, therefore', entirely
mistaken. Instead of adding $4,400,000, in order
to show the real annual expenditure, he ought to
have subtracted that amount. That is the sort of
arithmetic upon which we are asked to go into
this large amount of indebtedness.
Now, Mr. President, I have given you the state-
ment as we get it from the Treasury The bal-
ance on hand last year was $3,629,206.* During
the first quarter, we received from all sources
$17,719,790; that is, from customs, lands, and
miscellaneous sources. During the second quar-
ter we received $15,520,854. TheSecretary of the
Treasury (Mr. Dix) estimates that we are to re-
ceive in the last two quarters $17,400,000, mak-
ing a total of $54,269,850. That $54,269,850 in-
cludes a portion of the loan that was realized, to
wit, $6,871,000. To that we must add $10,000,000
of Treasury notes which the Government author-
ized in December, 1860, and the $25,000,000 of a
loan, for which we passed a bill the other day.
The whole makes $89,269,000 of means that we
have already furnished, including the estimated
receipts for the two lafct quarters. Taking from
that amount $21,000,000 to pay outstanding Treas-
ury notes, which are chargeable to the receipts of
this year, we have $68,269,000. Now, if we spend
no more this year than we did last, and that is,
allowing an expenditure of nearly $4,000,000 foi
Post Office deficiencies, and allowing for the in-
terest uf the public debt, and allowing for all the
other sources of expenditure, it will be between
$58,000,000 and $59 000,000—say $59,000,000;
and that ought to leave us on the 1st of July a
surplus of $9,000,000 in the Treasury.
Now, ought we to add to this? Is not that
enough? Would not a due regard to the public
credit itself require us to borrow no more than
would be absolutely necessary; and ought it not
to be deemed a duty by all those charged with the
expendituies of this Government at least to keep
them within the same limits within which they
were kept last year? We have heard strange
statements going around as to the amount that
this Administration has added to the debt. It has
been said that they have paid out $20,000,000 a
year more than they have received. That will be
found to be an entire mistake. Mr. Cobb reports
the debt, on the 1st of July last, at $64,769,000.
When he came in, there was a debt of §34,000,000;
so that they have added $30,000,000 up to the 1st
July, 1861; and $7,000,000 they have received
out of the loan of last year, all of which cannot,
now be realized, makin£$37,000,000; and the sum
of $10,000,000 for the Treasury notes issued at 10
and 11 per cent.,and the $25,000,000 which we have
already authorized in the shape of a loan at this
session, would be $72,000,000 altogether. Then,
deduct from that the §21.000,000 of Treasury notes
included in the statement of $64,000,000, and we
should have about $54,000,000 for the four years.
So it will be seen that these estimates are entirely
mistaken. I will not undertake to say what will
be spent this year; but I think I may fairly say
they ought to spend no more this year than they
spentlasf year; and here is Mr. Cobb's statement,
in which it is shown that, in the last fiscal year,
we did not spend $59,000,000, including the Post
Office deficiency for that fiscal year, and including
the interest on the public debt. The actual ex-
penditures were more*, because,during that year^
we had to pay the Post Office deficiencies for two
years, to wit: for that year and the y^ar before.
The two years were thus thrown together, because
at the session before the last we failed to pass the
Post Office appropriation bill. That is the true
statement of the case.
Now, we are talking about economy. I think
that is a fair exhibit. Tins Administration came
in when we were spending at a much larger iatc;
