1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
hoped; for, sir, J have hoped that when the angel
of Revelations stood at last with one foot upon
the earth and the other upon the sea, and swore
by Him that liveth forever and ever that time
fjliould be no longer, this great Republic wsould be
«. the last that would be wound up. That has been
my hope and my desire ; I have labored for it,
and am willing1 to labor for it; but I am not will-
ing that my humble efforts should be perverted
and misrepresented. 1 do not apply that term to
the honorable Senator; but I assure him that after
we adjourn, or upon some Friday or Saturday
when we adjourn over, and he has answered all
his letters, and done all the rest of the works of
necessity and mercy that lie before him, if he will
take up my poor speech and read it, he will find
that he has done me and the speech great injus-
tice, and I know he will feel repentant when he
sees it, because it was poor enough at the best,
[ laughter;] take it as it was, and let the eye of friend-
ship scan it and pronounce upon it, and it was
not much; but when it comes to be perverted and
misrepresented, and made the thing that it was
not, I know the Senator will be sorry for the
injustice he has do,ne.
Mr. PUGH. I certainly must apologize to the
Senator from New Hampshire. I did understand
his speech as I said; but I am very happy to be
under the necessity of apologizing, he has left so
much more pleasant impressions on my mind by
this speech than he did by the other.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I wish to say
but a very few words.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Virginia will
allow me, I will answer the question of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, before he proceeds,
or afterwards, as he pleases.
Mr. MASON. I have but a very few words
to say; I am not going to make a speech. The
resolution, as it stands, is to refer certain parts
of the President's messsagc to a committee of the
Senate—nothing more. The concluding para-
fraph, giving authority to the committee to report
y bill or otherwise, seems to me surplusage,
because every committee of the Senate has that
authority without its being specially given. It
is, therefore, simply a resolution to refer certain
portions of the President's message to a commit-
tee of the Senate. Now, sir, I am not at liberty
to vote against it, and i trouble the Senate with a
very few remarks only lest my vote in favor of it
should be misconstrued elsewhere. There is a
possibility that a vote in the affirmative may in
some parts of the country, in the popular judg-
ment, ascribe to the Senator so voting an idea that
there is to be found in Congress any remedy for
the present condition of the country. I fear it
would mislead the public mind; that it would in-
duce them to hope or to expect that it was within
the reach of legislation here in some way to save
the country from the dissolution that is immi-
nently pending. I shall vote for the resolution;
but without an idea that it is possible for any
thing that Congress can do to reach the dangers
with which we are threatened.
Sir, in my own State 1 know that the people
arc not looking to Congress for any legislation
competent even to mitigate or palliate, far less to
prevent those dangers. My State and a great
many others of the slaveholding States of this
Confederacy are going into convention with a
view to take up the subject for themselves, and
ps separate, sovereign communities, to determine
what is best for their safety. I know that the
public mind in the State of Virginia is in no
sense, in no manner, directed to Congress with
any idea that it is competent to them to afford
relief. The States are taking the subject into
their own hands. I should regret extremely if
the passage of this resolution should lead the
citizens of the other States, the non-slaveholding
States, to look to Congress for any hope of an
adjustment of these differences. It would mis-
lead them. I should certainly hope that those
States North and East and West would do as
we are doing in the South, resolve themselves
into their separate political communities and
there determine whether anything and what can
be done to save this Union. If they look to us
with any such hope, they aie misled, in my
judgment.
I should regret extremely, therefore, if an affirm-
ative vote on my part, which will be given for
tlie resolution more from what is due to pailia-
mentary form than from any other reason, should
lead them in any quarter to expect that it is com-
petent to us, that we have the power to avert the
perils that arc impending. I should expect much
from the northern and eastern States if they were
to go into State convention, look at the evil as it
exists, and apply a remedy if it be within their
power.
What is the evil? Gentlemen have well said,
it is not the failure to execute this fugitive slave
law; it is not the passage of these liberty bills,
as they are called, in various of the States; it is
a social war—so far not a war of arms—a war
of sentiment, of opinion; a war by one form of
society against another form of society. I pos-
sibly may have a misinformed judgment, but I
rely upon it until corrected; and my judgment is
satisfied that, for some reason, the population in
the States having no slaves, feeling their great
numerical majority, and having nursed this senti-
ment, this mere opinion about social forms exist-
ing elsewhere, have in some manner unfortu-
nately brought themselves to a determination to
extinguish it. I do not mean by any immediate
blow, by any presentlaw; butitis their purpose,
having obtained possession of the Federal power,
to use that power in every form to bring- that
social condition to a close.
I look upon it then, sir, as a war of sentiment
and opinion by one form of society against another
form of socicty. How that will end, I will not
undertake to predict; butif there be aremedyfor
if, it is not here; it must beat home in their own
State councils; and I should regret extremely if
any vote I am to gi%e here should mislead public
judgment so far as to lead them to suppose that
they are to look here for safety. If the people
would go into convention in all those States, as
we are driven into convention, take up the sub-
ject, probe it, analyze it, look .back to history and
see what it is, they would have it in their power
to apply a remedy. The remedy rests in their
hands, not in Congress; in the State councils of
the several States; in the political society of the
several States; and if we induce them, by any act
of ours here, to look to Congress for safety, we
shall mislead them.
I fear, too, sir, that in what fell from the hon-
orable Senator from New York, wc arc admon-
ished of the sort of legislation that is looked to
on that side as a remedy for impending dangers.
The honorable Senator says that it is the duty of
the Executive head of the Confederacy to exe-
cute the laws; that it is the duty of Congress, if
he has not sufficient power now under the law, to
give it to him; that he knows of nothing that can
resist the laws unless it originates in insurrection
or rebellion, which is to be put down. That is
the sort of legislation, that is the sort of remedy,
to which that honorable Senator looks. That
means, Mr. President, that m the relation which
subsists between the States of the Union and the
Federal power. State existence is not to be recog-
nized; and that if a State abandons the Union,
separates from it, severs all political connection
with it, that fact is not to be recognized by, or
known to, the Federal Government. A State in
the full plenitude of her sovereignty entirely re-
sumed by her fundamental law, absolves her citi-
zens from the allegiance they formerly held to
the Government which they abandoned. That
is not to be known; but the law is to march
straight forward, like the car of Juggernaut,
crushing all who may oppose it. That I under-
stand to be the doctrine of the Senator from New
York; his construction of Federal power. Well,
sir, if it be true, I am not one of those who will
lend my aid or my vote to any legislation con-
templating such a state of things. They may
call it what they please; they may call it putting
down resistance to the laws, or insurrection, or
rebellion, or treason, in a citizen, but at last it is
war—open, undisguised war, by one political
power against another political power. That is
it; and the honorable Senator, seeking to evade—
1 use the term in no offensive sense; but the hon-
orable Senator, seeking to characterize it in some
terms that belong to civil jurisdiction, calls it in-
surrection or rebellion. The meeting of one po-
litical power with another political power in hos-
tility, in arms, is war, and can come to nothing
else.
I did not mean, as I said, sir, to address the I
Senate on this subject. Thcday may arise when i
we shall be obliged to address the Senate on this
subject; not theorizing, not as arguments to meet
prospective ills, but to meet events that occur,
facts that exist and are practically before us;
when it will devolve on the American Senate to
determine whether, in the execution of the Fed-
eral laws against a State that has separated itself
from the Confederacy, the Federal jurisdiction
treats it as a mere insurrection or rebellion, or
whether it is to be treated as war. I fear that
that day may come, and come speedily; but "suf-
ficient unto the day is the evil thereof." I de-
sire only that the vote which I shall give for the
proposition to refer a part of the President's mes-
sage to a committee of the Senate, may not mis-
lead anybody, so far as my vote goes, into an
idea that the people can look to the Senate or to
the House for relief in the present emergency.
They must look at home, to their State conven-
tions, and nowhere else.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of taking a general view of the
present unhappy condition of the country. No
one could do that at this time, without more de-
liberate consideration than I have had the oppor-
tunity of giving the subject. Sir, it seems to me
no Senator can close his eyes to the dangers
which surround our common country. At this
very moment, the great heart of the Republic
throbs deeply, and the whole system shows evi- <
dence of sickness and decay. Sir, I approach
this question with the utmost diffidence 
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Before that motion is j>ut, I will
answer the question which the Senator from New
Hampshire put to me, if he desires it.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator does not desire
an answer, I will not give it.
Mr. BIGLER. Before the motion is put, I de-
sire to say a word. I fear that the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire to which I yielded,
may lead to a misunderstanding that I intend to
make a full, elaborate speech on this question. I
do not. My intention is only to thank the Sen-
ator from Connecticut for the manly position
which he has taken, and to answer, to some ex-
tent, the views of the Senator from Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
pause? The confusion in the Chamber is so great
that the Senator on the floor cannot be heard; and
the Chair considers it his duty to call the atten-
tion of the Senate in an emphatic manner to it.
Mr. BIGLER. I yield to the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 10, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Jenkins, of Philadelphia.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKEPi, laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting an abstract of returns of registered American
seamen; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a report from the Superintendent of
Public Printing respecting the printing of the
House of Representatives, which was referred to
the Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed; and a report in relation to estimated de-
ficiencies for paper and printing for the Thirty-
Sixth Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. CRAWFORD asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Mrs. Elizabeth Spear, for reference
to the pension bureau.
SERVICE ON SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House was on seconding the demand for the
previous question on the request of Mr. Hawkins
