THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
J
to be excused from serving on the special com-
mittee of one from each State, to which was
referred that portion of thfe President's message
relating to secession movements.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentleman
from Florida to withdraw his demand for the
previous question to enable me to assign my
reasons for voting to excuse him.
Mr. HAWKINS. I will, of course, withdraw
it with great pleasure to accommodate the gentle-
man from Ohio. It was my intention, when I
came into the House this morning, to withdraw
it myself, without any request of that kind, so
that I myself might be enabled to make some few
remarks for the purpose of better defining my
position before the country.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I prefer, of course,
to hear the reasons of the gentleman from Florida
more at length; and when he concludes, I shall
ask to submit some on my own part.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I was entitled to the
floor, and do not recognize any understanding
which shall foreclose my chance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Florida to withdraw his demand
for the previous question, and that he wishes
now to be heard. He is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAWKINS. Mr. Speaker, finding that
my views and motives for asking to be excused
from serving upon the committee of thirty-three,
have not only been misunderstood, but misrepre-
sented, I will endeavor in a few remarks to define
my position somewhat more specifically than I
have already done, and place myself in the true
attitude in which I stand in relation to the ques-
tion pending before the House.
In this whole matter, sir, I have been guided
by my own ideas as to what was appropriate to
the occasion, nor did I hold counsel with a single
person as to the course I should adopt. 1416
solution of the question was so simple, the con-
clusions to be arrived at so easily attained, 1
deemed advice superfluous, and 1 acted upon the
dictates of my own exclusive judgment.
It is true, sir, after I had marked out my line
of conduct, and after I had acted upon the matter,
I did ask the opinions of many southern mem-
bers; and with one or two exceptions, they most
cordially agreed with the course I had taken.
Of course, sir, at this time I have no idea of
making a formal or set speech—such a one, how-
ever, I anticipate delivering before I leave this
Hall, setting forth the causes which have impelled
niy .State to the course she has already pursued
and will pursue within the next thirty days.
In the first place, sir, if I consented to serve
upon this committee, I would be placing myself
in a false position. Every one who consents to
serve upon that committee, (in my opinion,)
though he may not bo bound by its ultimate ac-
tion, certainly commits himself to the projJt of
its formation as a means of compromising and
settling the disputes now existing between the
North and South, the removal of grievances and
an adjustment of all qncsiions now agitating the
country.
Now, sir, by virtue of the powers intrusted me
by the people of my State, I might act upon such
a committee in circumstances different from those
now existing; but my State, sir, has already taken
the initiative, and her Legislature has ordered an
election for the purpose of choosing members to
a convention to be convened on the 3d day of
January, 18G1. Florida la then to act in her
sovereign capacity, as a member of this Confed-
eracy, a peer of thhty-two other sovereignties.
She will then take such steps and pursue such
measures, as may be compatible with her dignity,
her safety, and her honor.
It is true, sir, in population, a population re-
tarded in growth by untoward circumstanccs, she
is numerically weak; but yet, sir, she is not the
less sovereign, not the less entitled to all the
rights, powers and immunities of her sister States.
Switzerland, among the nations of Europe, so far
as Iter rights are concerned, and as a sovereign
Power, is entitled to the same political considera-
tion as France, and Portugal the same as Russia;
and I might add, in this Confederacy of States,
Florida, for the same reasons, is the peer and
equal of New York. For a long period of time
tin1 diminut.ve Republic of San Marino existed
as an iiulcpi ndent Power, with all the attributes
of full and perfect sovereignty.
I make these remarks, sir, because the compar-
ative sparsity of population of my State, and her
weakness, as it is termed, have been sneered at,
as if power alone is to command respect, and
oppression was to be the destiny of that people
who do not possess the requisite physical power
by itself to redress a wrong or resent an insult.
Florida, sir, weak as she is, powerless as she
may appear, could not be coerced to remain in the
Union if she chose to go out. Such an attempt
would be resisted by a force, if necessary, of ten
times the number of your standing Army, rushing
to the rescue from every southern State.
But,sir,toreturn. As I have before remarked,
Florida has determined to settle for herself, and
in her own way, the time, the mode, and manner
of redress. She will, beyond doubt, take into,
consideration the action of tins very committee, as
well as all other matters connected with her at-
titude as now presented, or any other which in the
future she may assume.
It must be admitted, sir, that the Representa-
tives in this body are but the agents of the States
from which they are respectively sent; not that
they arc members solely constituted for those
States, but, in accordance with the doctrine of Mr.
Burke, they are to legislate for and extend a fost-
ering care over the interests of the entire Union.
The Representative is the agent, the State is the
principal. When the State acts, or assumes to
act, the agency is virtually at an end, and dis-
solved. If this were not so,' the principal and the
agent would be coequals, and possess concomi-
tant powers, and the latter, perchance, might in-
fringe upon the rights and authority of the former.
It is said,ifmembersdecline to serve upon this
committee, why be members at all' What right
have they to make this committee an exception to
the ordinary rules of legislation ? I have an-
swered already in part. I say further, because I
have no power of attorney upon this subject—I
have received no instructions proper. The subject
before the House is not one of <miin«r;/legislation,
but of most extraordinary chm-i\clc.r, unlooked for,
not anticipated when I was elected a member of
this House.
Cut, sir, while I have received no positive in-
struction, I confess I feci myself virtually instruct-
ed. It matters but little as to the medium or
channel by which ideas, thoughts, or wishes may
be conveyed. I am satisfied, from all the indi-
cations in my State—by the unanimity which has
characterized its acts; the settled and stern re-
solve, from the Executive to the humblest citizen,
to seek redress through some other agency than
that of compromise—that, were I to serve upon
this committee, such assent would elicit the most
emphatic and general denunciation.
Hut, sir, I must not be understood as shrinking
from responsibility behind the barrier of implied
instructions. The action already taken and that
which is inevitably to follow chimes with my own
views, and finds a cordial echoing response in every
feeling and sentiment of my heart.
So, Mr. Speaker, you must see, that by accept-
ing a position upon this committee I would com-
promise myself, compromise my constituents by
consenting to serve upon it as one of its constit-
uent parts. Under such circumstances, I would
certainly deem it illiberal and unjust in the House
to persist in my serving, thereby using its inhe-
rent power of quasi coercion to produce such a
result. I ask, sir, if there is any member of this
body who would bo willing to do aught in the
House contrary to the direct or implied instruc-
tions of his constituents ? This is my case. Itis
true, my instructions are not in totidem verbis, but
I have shown they are implied; and with a right-
minded man there exists no difference. I know,
sir, I might unite in a minority report, or bring
in one myself; but I do not wish, through my
agency, to throw the least obstacle in the way of
the committee.
My second ground of objection to serving upon
this committee is, that I believe its action will
elicit no favorable results, and effect nothing. I
have no confidence in congressional legislation
as a means of restoring permanent peace and
harmony to the country. Has it ever done so?
Have these compromises ever brought with them
any great healing remedies for the wounds in-
flicted upon the Constitution and the country?
So far from it, they themselves have originated
the bitterest quairel's, producing crimination and
recrimination, each party accusing the other of
perfidy and breach of faith.
The process now attempted by way of a pan-
acea for the ills surrounding us, (though I say
it with the greatest respect for the motives of its
excogitators,) I regard as the veriest empiricism,
a cure to be effected by nostrums, herbs, emolli-
ents, homeopathic doses. It will not do, sir. It
is a case of surgery. It requires the scalpel of
a Mott or a Carnochan. The patient may be re-
lieved for a time,but a relapse is certain to follow;
and a relapse is always more dangerous than
the original attack.
As to the composition of this committee, with
the greatest possible deference to yourself, Mr.
Speaker, I must say, in all candor, I regard it as
unfortunate and ill-advised. I am satisfied, sir, if
left to the dictates of your judgment and the hon-
est impulses of your heart, a different role would
have been played, a different formation have been
the result. Now, sir, I do not wish to be invid-
ious or personal in my remarks. I have not the
slightest personal animosity against any member
of this body; and whatever I utter is to be taken in
a political sense, and in the light of fair criticism.
I wish to be parliamentary, sir; so much so that
I may even meet with the approbation of my
friend from Virginia. Yes, sir, I wish to be like
the madman in the play, who swore he would not
tie his cravat without a warrant from Justice
Overdo.
Upon this committee, Mr. Speaker, I do not.
see the name of any Democratfrom the powerful
and mighty Northwest. I believe the party in
that region numbers some several hundreds of
thousands of voters: they had a right to be heard
in this matter; for, though only Democrats, com-
mon charity would suggest that they felt some
little interest in this question, in the integrity and
preservation of the Union, if preserved it can be.
I would have been glad to have seen iny friends
from Ohio [Messrs. Vaixandigham and Cox j and
my friends from Illinois, [Messrs. Logan and
McClernand,] noble and true spirits, who have
always stood by theSouth and fought her battles—
I would have been glad to have seen some of their
names upon this committee.
I suppose this committee was intended to have
been a representative committee, one reflecting the
policy, the rights, the interests, the opinions of
the people of the various States of the Union. If
this was not the case, the groat end and aim of the
committee would not be attained. Its materials
are singularly incongruous and heterogeneous; for
we see all shades, phases, and complexions of
political sentiment, from the strongest Republican
to the extreme Democrat; from the most savory
Unionist to the rankest Secessionist. All this,
however, was very proper, and necessarily arose
from the wish to obtain a committee composed of
all these ingredients; and if these could agree, and
did agree, the panacea would be successful.
Now, sir, I cannotthink that the gentleman from
Maryland is a fair exponent of the opinions of
the people of that State. I believe, sir, that the
Legislature of Maryland passed some resolutions
rather denunciatory of the gentleman—and 5 re-
gret to say it—for voting for you, Mr. Speaker,
and by that vote constituting you the presiding
officer of this body. This may have been very
unjust in the people of Mai yhind; but they seemed
to think that the vote for Speaker was the test of
southern fealty, and that all who voted for you
were either Republicans out and out, or at least
Republicans in sympathy and affiliation,and con-
sequently enemiesof onegieatintcrestof theState
—slavery. If the criterion or tost before alluded to
is correct, the appointment was not appropriate;
for one must possess superhuman virtue to repre-
sent honestly and faithfully a great and com-
manding interest of a State, when at heart he may
be averse to that interest. I may do the gentle-
man wrong; if so, I am to be corrected; but till
then, I must be guided by the resolutions of a
sovereign State, passed, I believe, with only one
dissenting voice.
Mr. P,RIGGS. I rise to correct one of the
statements just made by the gentleman from
Florida.
Mr. HAWKINS. I cannot yield the floor.
Mr. BPJGGS. The gentleman has misrepre-
sented me; and all I desire to do is to correct him
and set myself right. He misrepresents the vote
which I gave for you, Mr. Speaker.
