1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi-. HAWKINS. I must call the gentleman
to order. 1 dcclinc to yield.
Mr. RRIGGS. I only wish to say that the
gentleman is wrong in his statement, so far as I
am concerned. My vote was not given for you,
Mr. Speaker, upon the ground stated; that is, as
exhibiting my opposition to the interest and rights
of any section of this Union, it was, I hold, a
national and conservative vote.
Mr. HAWKINS. The gentleman is only in
the incipient stage of comprehension. I was al-
luding not to members from the free but to mem-
bers from the southern slave States. The gen-
tleman from New York is not a southern man.
Mr. URIGGS. The gentleman referred to
those who voted for our present Speaker.
* Mr. HAWKINS. No, sir.
Mr. BRIGGS. Then I am mistaken.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have no doubt that if the
gentleman were not Alexander, he would be the
other man, Diogenes. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, there were astewart, a Hughes,
akunkel, a Harris,anda Webster, from whom
a selection could have been made, neither of whom
comes here with the marked and emphatic disap-
probation of the State of Maryland. She is a
noble State, sir; always patriotic; always ready
to do her devoir in behalf of our country. In the
war of the Revolution, the troops of the Mary-
land line performed prodigies of valor; and in tne
campaign in the South, by them were battles
saved and victories won. At the hard-fought
battle of the Cowpens, nothing saved the day but
a charge with the bayonet by these troops of
Maryland, led by the gallant Howard; while
they fought most nobly, and covered themselves
with glory,at Eutaw, King's Mountain, and Guil-
ford Court-House. Maryland was entitled, sir,
to a representative man.
There arc other appointees upon this commit-
tee subject to criticism. 1 have only selected one
of the most glaring of the cases. If asked what
is all this to me, inasmuch as I dcclinc to serve
upon the commtttee, 1 answer, I want the country
to know that it cannot, does not, represent the true
sentiment of some of the States, and that a great
moral effect is sought to be produced by some-
thing that savors of a constructive fraud. So far
as the extreme South is concerned, I tell them this
committee is the Grecian horse introduced into
Troy. The object is to gain time; delay and de-
moralize the South by holding forth to its people
that there is a gi eat pacificator at work, certain to
bring about a political millennium.
Again: Mr. Speaker, I regret that this proposi-
tion for this committee did not emanate from the
North. This would have indicated a returning
sense-of justice in that quarter; that there was a
sincere desire to make due concessions and offer
a proper security for the future. No, sir; it came
from a son of Virginia; a gentleman for whom I
entertain a profound respect, blended with no little
admiration. 1 regret that his modesty prevented
him fiom serving upon this committee, with all
my heart.
But, sir, was it appropriate that the South, after
having endured every insult, wrong, and con-
tumely; her citizens excited to frenzy by the long-
continued assaults upon her institutions, and
States driven into revolution—yes, sir, 1 reiterate
—was it appropriate, after all this, that the olive
branch should be tendered to the North by one of
Virginia's moct gifted sons? It was the part of
the South to have stood aloof, and assumed an
attitude of self-defense and stern defiance, await-
ing for an overture from the North. I do full justice
to the motives of the mover of this committee.
Beyond nil doubt, they were replete with patriot-
ism. But I regret, deeply regret, that a Repre-
sentative of Virginia, representing the district
into which John Brown made his bloody foray,
and shed Virginia blood, should have been the
first to move in this matter. I remember last win-
ter, Mr. Speaker, the pleasure and delight with
which I listened to the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia, the mover of these resolutions.
But, sir, fearing that this admiration will not be
appreciated properly, 1 would ask my friendupon
the left [Mr. Jon.v Cochrane] to read the ex-
tracts which 1 will point out.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE read the extracts, as
follows: „
'• Now, sir, I was present at that horrible Harper's Ferry
raid; I was a witness to that abominable outrage; I saw
the blood of my li tends shed in the streets of Harper's Ferry;
and if there is a man who has a right to ppcak to that sub-
ject, it is myself; and yet I have forborne to speak on the
subjcct. I have remained silent for various reason?, uot
the least of which is, that the distinguished Senator before
me [Mr. Mason] is engaged in the investigation of the facts
connected with the whole affair, and will present them
fully and fairly, at the proper time, before the country, and
leave it to judge of them.
"There is another reason which, I must confess, has
also influenced me in this matter. I know (and i have been
painfully conscious of it whenever my mind has reverted
to that dark day) that when the heart feels most, the tongue
refuses to perform its wonted task.
"And, sir, when I have heard gentlemen on the other
side of the door stand up and derisivelv refer to that in-
famous outrage, I have been hardly able to retainmy seat,
and refiain iiom the expression of my indignation in terms
which raight not have mounded parliamentary. My mind,
sir, has again and again, during this discussion, gone back
to that dark Octobei evening, when I stood by the side ot
a fiiend, and laid my hand upon his brow where the death
damp was gathering, while the blood was gushing from his
noble heai t, and I have been often disposed to say, in apol-
ogy for my forbearance:
"(Oh ! pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth,
That I am meek and gentle with these butcheis!'
For I tell you, sir, that, in my opinion, the leaders of the
Abolition pferty, which is seeking to control the organiza-
tion of this fiouse, and to obtain possession of the Govern-
ment, are as ifcuch the murderers of my friends at Harper's
Feriy as wereJohn Drown and lus deluded followers;
and 1 think that the committee engaged in the investiga-
tion in my State, ami the investigation on the part of the
Senate, will prove that the agitation of the slavery question
by the gieat leaders of the Republican party has been the
diiect cause of the Uuiper's Feiry invasion.''
The election which returned these gentlemen here
took place a month belorc the John Brown raid. The peo-
ple otthe North believe, know, they must know, they can-
not fail to see, what is the inevitable tendency of this sia-
vety agitation. They have been told by you, the politicians,
you, the leaders—and we haye allowed ourselves to be de-
luded by the syren song sung in our ears—that you do not
intend to mieiieie with slaveiy within the Slates. IVrson-
ally, 1 believe you do not Personally, there ia not a leader
among you all—not even Fred Douglass—who can be found
with coinage enough to come into States and interfere with
slaveiy theie. But, fioin year to yeai. you have beaten the
drum of abolitionism. Fioin your pulpit and press and
forum, in season and out of season, you have preached to
the using generation that slaveiy i-s a curse; and that anti-
slavery sentiment ha stimulated otheislesb careful of their
personal safety, to come among us with a hostile intent,
to steal our slaves, and incite them to insurrection."
Mr. HAWKINS. Mr.Speaker, this isaspeci-
men of the beauty of the eloquence of the gentle-
man from Virginia. My friend from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane) read those passages which
I marked with proper emphasis, and he did it
well as he does everything; but, sir, his delivery
was not equal to that of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, the passages thereby losing much of their
power by the loss of the eloquence of the gen-
tleman who pronounced them. There were two
Athenians. One of them lead to the other an
oration of Demosthenes. The Athenian to whom
the oration was read was perfectly enraptured,
and expressed his delight and admiration, when
the reader of the oration remai ked, "Ay, sir, but
you should have heard Demosthenes himself de-
liver it." Now, sir, in this there is no covert
satire—none intended; but since f have been a
member of this body, ] have heard no gentleman
whom I have admired more than I did my friend
from Virginia, the last, when he delivered his
speech in relation to John Brown. I will now read,
sir, a few lines myself:
" Wc now discover that we must depend upon our own
right arm to protet t our {State fiom further outrage, so long
as there remains a 'Republican' organization in Congress
and the country. Why will you persist, men of the North,
in maintaining* that organization ? What good do you ex-
pect to ctFect by it? You lormed it, ^o you have said, for
the sole puipose of making Kansas a free State. You have
Kansas as a tree State; Joi, ?-ir, when she comes into this
Union, she will come as ' fiee.' If theie be any otiiei pur-
pose that vou expect to accomplish by it, it nui>t be to trans-
fer your ' irrcpiessibic conflict' fiom the Territories to the
States."
In other words, sir, he calls upon the North to
do away with their organization; he calls upon
the Republican party to disband. Mr. Speaker,
the idea of the Republican party disbanding and
bieaking up is too ridiculous! "What, sir, break
up after the great and sigual victory achieved over
all of us? Break up! get none of the spoils, the
honors, and, the most coveted of all, the power!
Those who believe that the Republican party will
be broken up, in the words of Rasselas," are list-
ening with credulity to the whispers of fancy."
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that we hear no re-
joicings over this victory. Everything is quiet.
It is appropriate that it should be so. Shouts of
joy now, sir, would sound rather like the strains
and notes from the harp of Nero, or the discordant
screams of the coronach in the highland^ of Scot-
land. But, sir, the Republican party.will not
yield-, they have no idea of yielding. I see men
there on my right who have h& more idea of con-
cession than I have of doing any act which I have
solemnly made up my mind not to do* Look at
them ! Is there any trepidation on those faces on
the other side of the Hall? Is there any quail-
ing? Is there any cowering? Why,'sir, "they
sit there, amidst all these events which are speed-
ily following each other and shaking the country
to its foundations, as composed as the Roman
Senators upon the invasion of Rome by the G&uls.
They have made up their minds. They yield!
They yield up the doctrines for which they have
been fighting for thirty years! Why, sir, it is
an absurdity. You might just as well ask us
upon the Democratic side of the House to yield
uj> all our own doctrines and principles. You
might just as well ask us southern men to yield
up the institution of slavery, dismiss our negroes,
and throw them upon the world. The Republi-
can party is made of sterner stuff. The idea
bruited about in the newspapers that the Repub-
lican party is scared, and that there is trepidation
among them, is ridiculous. This southern ex-
citement may have touched the commercial men
of the North; but go to the northern country,and
mix with the masses, and you will find that if any
of these gentlemen should give way to the South,
and concede to them equality in the Territories
and the repeal of these liberty bills, what would
be the plain and stern response of the yeomanry
of the North—plain,common-sense, straightfor-
ward men, with simple but strong ideas ? They
would say: "No, gentlemen; we have fought
this battle with you; we have fought this battle
for you by our votes; you wish to leave theguns;
wc will hold you to the guns, and we will fight
together." That, sir, is the truth; and if I could
call those gentlemen opposite upon the stand,
they would agree with me, and make a response
in the affirmative. Do not, then, let us talk any
moro about the North yielding.
It is tru*, sir, we may obtain some trivial con-
cessions, clothed in vague generalities; but as to
obtaining equality in the Territories, as to our
property, as to the repeal of these liberty bills,
(as they arc called,) as to the stoppingof this
agitation of the slavery question, I tell you, sir,
it is too absurd to suppose any such thing, and
is a proposition not to be entertained for a single
moment. I say, therefore, that those gentlemen
from the South who anticipate concession, based
on justice and our rights, are laboring under a
most singular delusion. Why is it that at this
moment, when the whole country is agitated, the
President elect has kept a most ominous silence?
Why, in Ihe'languagc of Mr. Curran,this facti-
tious dumbness? Would it not have been as
well for the President elect to have waived any
little official etiquette, and written a few lines to
afford some views of his policy? The only man
that has spoken, or attempted to speak for him,
is Senator Trumbull, of Illinois. He made a
speech foreshadowing the policy of the President
elect. What does Mr. Trumbull say ? He says
that th«? President elect will,among other things,
carry out the fugitive slave law. But, he says,
—and I wish every southern man to recollect it
—that his interpretation of the Constitution will
be on the side of freedom. Of course, he, as the
Executive arm, will override the judiciary, by not
regarding the Dred Scott decision. What is
meant by the interpretation of the Constitution
in favor of freedom? It means, of course, oppo-
sition to slavery. Here, then, is a man elected to
the high office of the Republican paity of the
North, who goes into power opposed to one of
the great leading interests of the South.
Now, 1 wish to speak a few plain words here.
It is necessary that somebody should do so. I
may be called a Cataline, a Robespierre, a Danton,
a Marat, but I am willing to encounter all those
epithets, and I avail myself of the occasion to
say a few words of warning to the North. I tell
the North that Mississippi, Alabama. Florida,
Georgia, and South Carolina, are certain to secede
from this Union within a short period. Arkansas,
Louisiana, and Texas are certain to follow within
the ensuitfg six months. Texas, owing to her
peculiar position, is now hampered as to her ac-
tion. Unfoitunately for Texas, the hero of San
Jacinto is its Governor—an involuntary hero—a
