88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
man forced into the battle against his own views
by the gallantry of his troops, who could not be
restrained, and who pressed forward and gained
the day. He was as much the hero of San Ja-
cinto as Marshal Ney was the hero of Yorktown.
When Sir Walter Raleigh was writing a history,
he saw so many different versions of a very plain
transaction'he witnessed, that he thrust his his-
tory aside in despair, and came to the conclusion
that there was no truth in history. I do not pre-
tend to say that the Governor of Texas is pusil-
lanimous. Not at all. 1 would be unwilling to
say so of any man. But I think he is wrong in
running counter to the feelings of the Statu; and
Texas may be compelled to commence her action
with revolution athome. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Compelled, by the
rules of the House, to vote upon the question of
excusing the gentleman from Florida from serv-
ing upon this committee, I desire, m a few words,
to submit my own reasons for the vote which 1
propose to give. With many of the reasons
assigned by the gentleman from Florida, 1, as a
Representative from one of the free States of this
Union, have nothing to do; but there are consid-
erations which impel me, as such Representative,
to vote for the motion to excuse.
It is idle, sir, to attempt to "cocrce" any gen-
tleman to serve upon this committee who assigns
such reasons as the gentleman from Florida has
given; and in justice to him, and to his State, but
above all, to the very purpose of the committee
itself, I cannot so vote. You may decline to ex-
cuse him: you cannot compel him to discharge,
with good will or alacrity, the duties you impose
upon 'him; and what kind of conciliation and
compromise is that which begins by forcing a man
to serve upon a committee raised for the very
purpose of peace? What prospect, in God's
name—1 speak it reverently—is there of adjust-
ment, when you are obliged to resort to compul-
sion to make up your committee on compromise
and adjustment?
I pass by without comment the consideration
so earnestly pressed by the gentleman from Flor-
ida, that this proposition might, with far more
propriety and effect, have come from the Repub-
lican party in this House; that party that has
just triumphed in the election which "is the cul-
minating point of all our controversies, and of all
the dangers which surround us; and that, with
great honor to himself and great and soothing
good, it may have been, to the whole country
Full of excitcmcnt and alarm, the gentleman now
chairman of this committee, [Mr. Corwin,] dis-
tinguished for his age, his experience, his elo-
quence, and his moderation—not to speak of
his position as the u leader" (so he asserts) of
that party—might have assumed upon himself
the responsibility of the initiative in that great
work of reconciliation and reconstruction which
alone can save us now, instead of allowing it to
be devolved upon the Representative of that par-
ticular spot m Virginia selected by Abolition
madness and wickedness as the weakest point of
attack along the entile slaveholding borders of this
Confederacy.
1 pass by also the cumbrous construction of
this committee, with the single remark that a
council of war never fights, and a committee of
thirty-three will never agree upon anything—upon
anything, certainly, not so weak, so diffused, so
diluted,as to be utterly inadequate to the solution
of the greatest and gravest and most difficult ques-
tion ever presented in modern history, I will not
so much as suggest, sir, the possibility that the
labors ofth is committee will all end in nothing, and
in worse than nothing; nor—approving earnestly
of the motive for raising the committee—will I
remark even, as the gentleman from Florida lias
done, upon the peculiar composition of this com-
mittee in having men appointed upon it who rep-
resent nobody—noteven themselves—or who are
peculiarly odious or distasteful to the sections
from which they come; and fitted, therefore, far
more to embarrass and defeat, than to advance, the
avowed purpose for which the committee was or-
dered. Of course,sir,I mean no disrespect person-
ally to the Speaker; but in assigning my reasons for
refusing to cocrce a gentleman to serve upon this i
committee, I have the right, and mean to exercise
it, of just criticism upon its composition, and of
suggestion as to the probable result of its labors#
But there is one consideration which will ab- j
solutcly preclude me from voting to compel any
man to act upon your committee The gen-
tleman from Florida has alluded toit; but he has
not stated it quite strong enough. There is not
one single Representative of the Democratic party
upon this committee—not from the Northwest alone
—butfromthe sixteen free States of this Union east
of the Rocky Mountains. The Pacific is, indeed,
represented. No thanks, sir; it was " Hobson's
choice." There is no Republican member from
California here; although Mr. Lincoln, through
the infinite subdivision of his opponents, has been
enabled to secure the electoral vote of that State.
The excellent and intelligent gentleman from Or-
egon [Mr. Stout] is, indeed, upon it, because he is
fortunate in having no colleague in this House;
though, to speak the truth, remembering the rep-
resentation of Oregon in certain recent political
conventions,! should not have been surprised had
that gentleman' been supplanted by Horace Gree-
ley; or possibly by the member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Thayer,] although that member is, I
suspect, a little too strongly tincturdu, perhaps,
with the doctrine of "squatter so^wpreignty" to
suit the times. [Laughter.]
But, I repeat, sir, there is notupon your commit-
tee one solitary Representative east of the Rocky
Mountains, of that mighty host, numbering one
million six hundred thousand men, which for so
many years has stood as a vastbreakwater against
the winds and waves of sectionalism; and upon
whose constituent elements, at least,this country
must still so much depend in the great events
which arc thronging thick upon us, for all hope
of preservation now or of restoration hereafter.
Sir, is any man here insane enough to imaginefor
a moment that this great northern and western
Democracy, constituting an essential part, and by
far the most numerous part, of that great Demo-
cratic party which for half a century molded the
pohcyand controlled tbedestimesof this Republic;
that party which gave to the country some of the
biightesijewels of which she boasts; that party
which placcd upon your statute-books every im-
portant measure of enduring legislation from the
beginning of the Government to this day—that
such a section of such a party is to be thus ut-
terly ignored, insulted, and thrust aside as of no
value? I tell you, you mistake the character of
the men you have to deal with. We are in a
minority indeed, to-day, at the ballot-box; and
we bow quietly now to the popular will thus ex-
pressed. We are defeated, but not conquered;
and lie is as a fool in the wisdom of this world, who
thinks that in the midst of the stirring and revo-
lutionary times which are upon us, these sixteen
hundred thousand men, born free and now the
equals of their brethren—men whose every pulse
throbs with the spiritof liberty—will tamely sub-
mit to be degraded to inferiority and reduced to
political servitude. Never, never, while there is
but one man left to strike a blow at the oppressor.
Sir, we love this Union; and more than that,
we obey the Constitution. We are here a gallant
little band of less than thirty men, but represent-
ing more than a million and a half of freemen.
We are here to maintain the Constitution, which
makes the Union, and to exact and to yield that
equality of rights which makes the Constitution
worth maintaining. We arc ready here to do all
and to suffer all in the cause of our—thank God!
—yet common country; and by no vote or speech
or act of ours, here or elsewhere, shall anything
be done to defile, or impair, or to overthrow this
the grandest temple of human liberty ever erected
in any age. But we dunand to worship at tiie
very foot of the altar; and not, as servants or in-
feriors, in the outer couits of the edifice. And.
sir, if the great work of the preservation or of
the restoration of this Government is to go on
successfully, let me warn gentlemen that it is to
this very army of conservative men that you are
to look at last for its consummation. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwij*,] the chairman
of this committee, would do anything effectively
to correct public sentiment in our common State,
it is to the two hundred and ten thousand men,
not of his own party, together with such others
of that party as he may be able to carry over with
him, that he is to trust for the vindication of such
measures, if any, of conciliation and adjustment
winch his committee may propose,and this House
and the Senate may adopt. So, too, it will be in i
every free State of this Union. And yet that pow- i
crful minority, reckoned by millions, and includ-
ing a country extending from the Atlantic to the
Rocky Mountains, made up of men by whose
right haaids this Government is to be defended
and maintained, or restored, are as voiceless upon
this committee as the sands upon the sea-shore.
Can any good result from a committee so consti-
tuted? Ought any man to be compelled to serve
upon such a committee?
I speak now as a western man; and I thank
the gentleman from Florida heartily for the kindly
sentiments towards that great West, to which he
has given utterance. Most .cordially 1 recipro-
cate them, one and all. Sir, we of the Northwest
have a deeper interest in the preservation of this
Government in its present form, than any other
section of the Union. Hemmed in, isolated,cut
off from the sea-board upon every side; a thou-
sand miles and more from the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, the free navigation of which, wider the
law of nations, we demand, and will have at every
cost; with nothing else but our other groat in-
land seas, the lakes—and their outlet, too, through
a foreign country—what is to be our destiny? Sir,
we have fifteen hundred miles of southern fron-
tier, and but a little narrow strip of eighty miles
or less, from Virginia to Lake Erie, bounding
us upon the east. Ohio is the isthmus that con-
nects the South with the British Possessions, and
the East with the West. The Rocky Mountains
separate us from the Pacific. Where is to be our
outlet? What are we to do when you shall have
broken up and destroyed this Government? We
are seven States now, with fourteen Senators and
fifty-one Representatives, and a population of
nine millions. We have an empire equal in area
to the third of all Europe, and we do not mean
to be a dependency or province either of the East
or of the South; nor yet an inferior or second-
rate power upon this continent; and if we cannot
secure a maritime boundary upon other terms,
we will cleave our way to the sea-coast with the
sword. A nation of warriors we maybe; a tube
of shepheids never.—I speak it out, sir, now and
here; yet without apprehension of any just cause
of complaint or quarrel at any time with either
section upon the question.
And yet nearly one half of the people of that
vast empire, which very soon is to perform so
important a part in the affairs of this continent,
are utterly ignored and excluded from this com-
mittee. More than six hundred thousand voters,
represented hen;,by sixteen members upon this
floor, are silenced and disfranchised in its arrange-
ment. What do you propose to do without their
votes at home and our votes here? Or are we
both to accept blindly whatsoever your committee
may choose graciously to report, and be thankful
for it? Sir, we have one State with a Democratic
majority upon this floor, and she, at least, had a
right to be represented upon your committee. I
find no fault, personally, with the gentleman from
that State now on the committee, [Mr. Kellogg,]
but the Democracy of the Northwest had a right
to be heardN thiough the Suite of Illinois.
Such is your committee; and I cannot and I
will not vote to compel any man to serve upon it.
The time is short; the danger imminent; the
malady deep-seated and of long standing. What-
ever is to be done must be done at once, and it
must be done thoroughly. Every remedy must
go right straight home to the seat of the disease.
Let there be no delays, no weak inventions, no
temporizing expedients. Otherwise, not seces-
sion of a few States only, but total and absolute
disruption of this whole Government is inevitable.
Sir, we stand this day in the forum of history.
We arc acting in the eye of posterity. We have
solemn duties to the whole country to perform, and
if we do not discharge them instantly, and aright—
"Not poppy, nor mamltagora,
Nor all the drowsy siiups ot the world,
Shall ever medicine us to that sweet sleep
Which yesterday we ow'd." i
In the name, then, of the Democracy of six-
teen of the free States of this Union, I protest
against the arrangement of this committee. My
motives may be misinterpreted now. Be it so.
Time in a little while will vindicate them.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is not my purpose
at this tim^, Mr. Speaker, to go into thequestion
of either the personal or sectional propriety of the
authorship of this committee, further than to say
that I heartily approve of the projcct of such a
