1861. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE".
r
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 18, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
"The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
STATE OIT THE UNION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, and
in compliance with the request of the Common
Council of the city of Boston, Massachusetts,
presented resolutions of that body, expressive of
their unalterable devotion to the Union, asking
the immediate adoption of stich measures of a pa-
cific and conciliatory character as will effectually
check the spirit of disunion, and tend to consoli-
date the fraternal bonds of our national brother-
hood, and recognizing the proposition of Mr.
Crittenden, of Kentucky, as a satisfactory basis
of adjustment.
The resolutions were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed
CLERKS IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of tiie Treasury, commu-
nicating a list of clerks employed in the Treasury
Department for the year 1860; which was laid
Upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ADMISSION OP DESERET.
Mr. HOOPER. I wish to give notice that I
shall, at the proper time, introduce an amendment
to the act entitled " An act for the admission of
New Mexico as a State," and I ask that it be
printed.
The amendment—which provides for the admis-
sion of the State of Deseretinto the Union—was,
by unanimous consent, ordered to be printed.
CLAIM FOR LEGAL SERVICE.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution providing for the pay-
ment of certain claims for legftl services rendered
the United States in the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the western district of Texas; which
was read a first and second time, and, with ac-
companying papers, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
WIDOW OF FRANCISCO ROBALDO.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 795) for the relief of
Ana M. Rolas y Robaldo, widow of Francisco
Robaldo, deceased, and that it be put upon its
passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Robaldo the sum of
$30,000 in full payment for sundry property de-
stroyed in New Mexico, in 1847, by an officer of
the Army of the United States in the late war
with Mexico.
Mr. TRAIN objected to the bill.
JOSEPH CLYMER.
"Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of Joseph
Clymer; which was read a first and second time,
«,nd referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BABBITT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of bus-
iness is the call of committees for reports for ref-
erence. Reportsare in order from the Committee
of Elections.
CLAIM OF II. M. RICE.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the acting Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform this House—
1. Whether a claim of the assignee of Hon. II. I\T. Rick,
amounting to about twenty-four thousand dollars,($24,000,)
has been paid.
'2. If so, how long has said claim been pending before
the Department; and whether any Commissionei of the
Indian Bureau or Secretary of the* Intenor has heretofore
rejected said claim, or refused to estimate foi it; if so, the
reasons lor such i ejection or le.fusal.
3. Whether said claim, if paid, was or was not referred
foraottlrmpnt to the Second Auditor and other accounting
oinceri of the Treasury, as is usual in such eases ; and if
not, reasons therefor.
4. What is the nature of such claim; and what was the
contract between lion. H.M. Rice and the Government
for the removal of the Winnebagoes.
Mr. SICKLES. I object.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
for one hour.
MONTGOMERY GIBBS.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the petition of Mont-
gomery Gibbs, of New York, and asked that the
Committee of Ways and Means be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
It was so ordered.
NIAGARA COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported back House bill No.
995, for the removal of the port of entry in the
collection district of Niagara, in the State of New
York, from Lewiston to Niagara Suspension
Bridge, in the same district, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
SURVEY OF PACIFIC COAST.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE also, from the same
committee, reported a bill to appropriate $50,000
for the survey of the northern water coast and
islands of the Pacific ocean and Bhcring's strait, in
view of telegraphic communication between the
mouth of the Amoor river, in Asia, and the region
of the Russian possessions, in America; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, also, from the same
committee, reported the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report of the
Committee on Commerce, accompanying Hou-e bill appro-
p'iatmg £50,000 for the suivey of the noithcm water coast
and islands of the Pacific ocean, &.c., be printed.
WASHINGTON INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to amend an
act supplementary to an act approved March 3,
3855, to organize an institution for the insane of
the Army and Navy and of the District of Co-
lumbia, in said District, approved February 7,
1857; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CARTER. I ask unanimous consent to
have this bill put upon its passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I think that this bill will
meet the approval of the House. It will require
but a short time to consider it; and I hope it will
be now considered and passed.
There being 110 objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table
The latter motion was agreed to
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask unanimous consent to
have the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union discharged from the further consider-
ation of House bill No. 917, to incorporate the
Washington city and Georgetown Railway Com-
pany ; and that the same be put upon its passage.
Mr. BABBITT. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. HUGHES. I have a substitute to offerto
the bill.
Mr. KILGORE. There is a substitute already
repoited.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope there will be no
objection to the consideration of this bill. I am
opposed, myself, to any city railway in Wash-
ington; but I am ready to give the people a vote
upon it.
Mr. BABBITT. I insist on the regular order
of business.
GRADING, ETC., SEVENTEENTH STREET.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill making an
appropriation for the curbing, giading, and pav-
ing ofSeventeenth street west, from Pennsylvania
avenue to B street north; which was read a first I
and second time, referred to the Committee of the 1
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
bs printed.
JOHN JOHNSON.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I attempted a few, days
ago to report back from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, House bill No. 263, for the relief of John
Johnson, an old man of eighty-nine years of age.
I learn that he has since paid the last debt of na-
ture; and I therefore ask that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill, and that it be laid upon the table.
It was so ordered.
EDWARD WILLIAMS.
Mr. STOKES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to reporta bill for the
relief of Edward Williams, and to ask to have it
put upon its passage. Mr. Williams is a citizen
of the State of New York. He was in the Navy
from 1837 to 1851-52, and received a pension of
five dollars per month. He now asks that his
pension be increased to §11 25 per month—thepen-
sion for three-fourths disability. Mr. Williams
is now in this city. I have seen him, and I think
he deserves this increase of pension. I hope the
House will pass the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Edward Williams, of the State of New
York, on the list of three-fourths pensioners, at
the rate of $11 25 per month, to commence from
the 1st of January, 1861, and continue during his
natural life.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TOBACCO TRADE.
Mr. QJJAIILES. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] who is
absent from the city, I desire to report back from
the Committee on Commerce, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, joint resolution No. 3, in
regard to the tobacco trade of the United States
with foreign nations.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of theUnion, and
ordered to be printed.
KATUERINJ3 K. RUSSELL.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask unanimous consent to
have the Committee of the Whole House dis-
charged from the'further consideration of House
bill No. 537, for the relief of Katherine K. Rus-
sell.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill; and the House proceeded
to consider it. The bill directs the name of Kath-
erine Kirby Russell to be placed upon the pension
list of the United States of America, and directs
thi". Secretary of the Interior to pay to her twenty-
live dollars per month, to commence and to be
computed from and after the 19th of September,
1849, and to continue during her natural life.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that the report of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, which is a unan-
imous report, be read.
The report was read.
It appears therefrom that the husband of the
petitioner entered the Army in the medical staff
in 1812, and continued in the constant discharge of
his duties as a medical officer till the time of his
death, which occurred in New York,at Fort Co-
lumbus, Governor's island, on the 19th day of
September, 1849. It appears from the certificates
of the surgeons in attendance upon Surgeon Rus-
sell during his last sickness, which was verified
by a post mortem examination, that he came to his
death from over-exertion and exposure in meet-
ing the demands made upon him m the discharge
of his arduous duties while in an enfeebled state
of health.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
