1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
-committee, and am thankful to the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] for moving1
in favor of it. ifhc had notdone so A would have
done it; only with this difference, that i would
have specified the matters of difference between
the North and the South, and instructed the com-
mittee to inquire into ihcm, and report by bill or
by proposing an amendment of the Federal Con-
stitution, for their adjustment upon fair and hon-
orable principles. Indeed, I proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution offered by the gentleman
to that effect. It is in the following words:
Resolved, That so much of the President's? annual mps-
sage.as relates to matters of grievance between the blave-
lioldmg and non-slaveholding States, and tlic propo-nl by
Congress of amendments to the Constitution of the United
Stairs for the ratification of the sovetal Suites, and of the
question of State secession fiosn the Federal Union, he
referred to a select committee, to be appointed by the
Speaker; and that such committee be in&tiuctcd to inquire
into and repoit by bill, or by pioposin« an amendment or
^amendments to the Constitution of the United States, or
otherwise, upon such bubjeet; and particularly ivhethci any
fuither legislation or amendment to the Constitution is
ncecs-sary to give prompt, certain, and full effect to the last
clause of the second section of the fourth articlc of the
Confutation concerning the icturn of fugitives fiom service
and labor."
The temper of the House did not seem to be
favorable to the adoption of this amendment, and
hcncc it was excluded by a motion for the previ-
ous question; in which I was quiescent, as I
agreed with the gentleman from Virginia in the
general purpose of his resolution.
With icgard to the personality of the commit-
tee, I have nothing to say in censure or in criti-
cism. On the contrary, I am persuaded that
every member of the committee will act in a spirit
of patriotism, and for the best interests of the
country- The crisis demands it, and the com-
mittee cannot fall short of its demands without
incurring an onerous responsibility to history and
to posterity. They arc charged with the solemn
and transcendent duty of providing for the pres-
ervation of the Government itself; and according
as they may perform that duty, they wilt be
applauded or condemned.
Of the clmiimau of the committee, the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. CoriwiN,] it will
fee enough to say that he is a statesman of great
experience and public reputation; and that, in
justice, to his own fame as well as to the country,
lie will do his best to preserve both from injury.
Differing from him, as I do, upon almost every
question of internal policy, and particularly upon
the slavery question, I am frank to say "this of
him. Of the distinguished gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] I may say that lie is as
disinterested as he is firm, and as patriotic as ho
-is wise, I have no fears of him. I have the
utmost confidence in his moderation and integrity
—a confidence that is thogrowth of fifteen years'
experience and observation Like Aristidcs, he
is a moral hero, capable of watching, by the
ilickering torches of night upon the battle-field,
the priceless spoil wrung from a vanquished foe,
untempted and unawed.
When the question of secession comes up in a
practical form, I will be prepared to take my po-
sition upon it, in the view of the Housp and of
the nation; and having taken it, will endeavor to
maintain it to the utmost of my limited influence,
and by all the legitimate means in my power.
Until then I will forbear to enter into it, preferring,
rather, to obey the dictate of the scriptural proverb
which dictates that "sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof." I will only say now, that no more
fearful question could engage the attention of this
body. It discloses to my vision a boundless sea
of horrors. Peaceable secession, in myjudgmcnt,
is a fatal, a deadly illusion. The Government, in
itself, may be weak, comparatively weak; but it
is strong in the moral sentiment and patriotic feel-
ingof the country. In this respect it is, or at least
oughttobc,thestrongestGovernmentin the world,
for it is the most beneficent one in the world.
Bound together as one people, by a common lan-
guage^common religion,common rivers, mount-
ains and lakes, civil war alone, in my opinion,
can sunder us into broken fragments—a tremen-
dous civil war, such a war as would choke
our rivers with carnage and discolor our inland
seas with human blood; such a war as never
before fattened the earth with human slaughter.
Tt would not he a war in which Greek met Greek,
but Anglo-Saxon Anglo-Saxon;father son; and
brother brother.
If I am asked, why so ? I retort the question,
how can it be otherwise ? How are the questions
of public debt, public archives, public lands, and
other public property, and, above all-, the ques-
tions of boundary, to be settled ? Will it be re-
plied, that, while we arc mutually unwilling now
to yield anything, we will be mutually willing,
afterawhile, to concede everything ? That, while
we mutually refuse to concede anything now fpr
the sake of national unity, we will be mutually
ready to concede everything by and by for the
sake of national duality? Who believes this?
What, too, would be the fate of the youthful
but giant Northwest, in the event of a separation
of the slaveholdmg from the non-slaveholding
States? Cut off from the main Mississippi and
the Gulf of Mexico on one hand, or from the east-
ern Atlantic ports on the other, she would grad-
ually sink into a pastoral State, and to a standard
of national inferiority. This the hardy and ad-
venturous millions of the Northwest would bo
unwilling to consent to. This they would not do.
Rather would they, to the last man, perish upon
the battle field. No power on earth could restrain
them from freely and unconditionally communi-
cating with the Gulf and the great mart of New
York. Any attempt to prevent them from doing
so would be as vain as the attempt to stay the
rushing waters of the great father of rivers 'by a
fisherman's net, or to restrain the irresistible ex-
pansion of steam by an eggshell. Of themselves
rather would they say:
"No pent-up Utica contracts our powers.
For the whole boundless continent is ours."
Thegentleman from Florida [Mr. Hawkins] has
alluded to the fact that the northwestern, nay, the
whole northern Democracy, are excluded from
any representation on the committee of thirty-
three; and has urged that as one reason why he
should be excused from serving on the commit-
tee. I appreciate the gentleman's motives in al-
luding to thisact of injustice, and sincerely thank
him for his generous and manly condemnation of
it; yet, the very reason he urges for asking to be
oxcused is the very one why J w.ll vote against
excusing lnm. It is important that some Demo-
crats should be upon the committee; and if north-
ern ones cannot be, at least let southern ones be.
This is my view of the matter; and if, in carry-
ing it out, I should seem to act ungraciously, I
hope the gentleman from Florida will pardon me.
For me now not to notice the slight thrown
upon my constituents in the organization of this
committee would be to show myself less jealous
of their rights and honor than the gentleman from
Florida has shown himself to be. I would be
recreant to duty if I did not do so. Indeed, if he
had not brought the matter to the notice of the
House and the country, I would have done it.
The committee of thirty-three, as an extraor-
dinary measure, was called for, in the language
of the resolution raising it, by the " perilous con-
dition of the country,n and was designed, no
doubt, by the mover of it, to combine the influ-
ence of every political organization in the coun-
try in favor of a satisfactory accommodation of
the angry questions now agitating and distracting
the public mind. Assuming this to be so, I am
more than surprised that the northern Democracy
arc wholly unrepresented on it. Why have they
been thus disfranchised ? Is it because there are
no Democrats here from the North to represent
them? Not so: there are some twenty-five or
thirty Democrats here from the North, any of
whom, exclusive of myself, is worthy of a place
on the committcc, and capable of assisting its
counsels to a wise determination. As formyself,
I neither desired nor expected to be placed on the
committee.
What, then, is the cause of this offensive dis-
crimination ? Is it because, in the course of events,
the northern Democracy have become insignifi-
cant in numbers and influence? I deny it, sir. It
is true, they were defeated in the late presidential
election; but they are not conquered. Dema-
gogism, fraud, and corruption, have overcome
them for the time, but only for the time. What-
ever may be the issue of our present national
troubles, they will soon regain an ascendency.
Although defeated m the late election, they polled,
according to official and unofficial returns, one
million three hundred and forty-three thousand
one hundred and eighty-four votes; and, including
the vote of the national Democracy in the South,
their whole vote is one million five hundred and
sixty-four thousand six hundred and fifty; thus
showing that the vote of the northern Democracy
alone is greater than that which elected -cither
Pierce or Buchanan, and is larger than that ever
before polled m any presidential election.
And how is it with the other political organi-
zations in the country ? Let facts speak for .them-
selves. With a popular vote, according to the
same returns, of five hundred and eighty thou*
sand two hundred and forty-nine, in the same
election, the Union party is represented by three
of its members on the committee. With a popu-
lar vote of six hundred and seventy-five thou*
sand seven hundred and eighty-two, the Breckin-,
ridge party is represented by six members; whUe
the Republican party, comparatively with but
few more votes, aggregately, than the national
Democracy, and no votes in most of the slave-
holding States, and only twenty-six thousand
five hundred and eight votes in all of them, is
represented by fourteen members. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynaud] corrects
me, by saying there arc sixteen. If so, then the
Republican party, with only one million eight
hundred and forty-six thousand two hundred
and three votes, is represented by sixteen mem-
bers; while all the votes opposed to him, in the
late election, amounting to two million eight hun-
dred and twenty thousand six hundred and eighty-
one, are only represented by eleven members.
How unjust such constitution of an important
committee! There is no parallel or precedent for
it in parliamentary history, so far as I know. I
can only account for such unfairness, such injus-
tice, by attributing it to the malignity of disap-
pointed personal ambition, or to a facile surren-
der of official manhood to party dictation, or to
the implacable rescntmentof the Republican party
to their uncompromising political opponents in
the Democratic ranks of the North. In this way
only can I account for it.
If it be answered that California and Oregon
are represented on the committcc by Democrats,
then i' answer, in the language of r:iy friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigiiam,] who has anticipated
me in much that I intended to say, no thanks to
the Chair for that. Those States are only repre-
sented by Democrats on this floor, and there was
no other alternative than to appoint a Democrat
from each of them. If there had been, they too,
no doubt, would have been ignored.
In view of the unhappy condition of the coun-
try, of the dangers which now threaten its very
cxistcncc, 1 had supposed that a powerful and
victorious party would have raised itself to the
level of the occasion, and forgetting the low am-
bition of demagogues and the mean ends of party,
acted as became Americans, in a spirit of patriot-
ism and for the good of the country. But in this
I find myself lamentably mistaken. I still find
that the Republican party is incapable of learning
anything; that its only spring of action is party
hate and the hope of official spoils.
This flagrant act of wholesale proscription is,
no doubt, but the inauguration of a system of
j proscription of which the northern Democracy
are to be made the especial victims. And whatis
our offense m the eyes of Republicanism? It is
that we have stood unfalteringly by the Consti-
tution and the rights of property, as guarantied
by it. This is the head and front of our offend-
ing; and for this the accumulated wrath of eight
years'disappointment is now about to be launched
upon our devoted heads by a vindictive and
merciless party. Yet wc are told that our friends
of the South, whose battles we have been fight-
ing, are now about to desertus in the hour of our
extremity by withdrawing from the Union. I
will not believe it until I am forced to do so. I
will not believe this of the gallant and generous
men of the South. I will not believe it of Illinois'
neighbors, Kentucky and Missouri. Neither will
I believe it of old Virginia; nor of Maryland; nor
of Tennessee, the home of the immortal Jackson;
nor of any of the southern States. If they are
wronged, let them seek redress in the Union;
first by all lawful methods,and next, if necessary,
by other means, but still as members of the Con-
federacy. Let them do this, and we will still
stand by them in the right, as of yore. Aban-
doning us, however, to our fate, what must be
our revulsion of feeling towards the South ? I will
not undertake to say, only so far as to predict
