1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
992, granting increased pension to Henry Hew-
son, in order .that it may be put on its passage.
Mr. SHERMA N. I think that the House
ought not at this time, and without proper consid-
eration, to pass these private bills; for I learn that
just a while ago, a pension to a widow of a com-
mon physician was antedated to 1849. X must
object to any more of these bills being passed in
this hurried manner.
Mr. FRENCH. I will say, in relation to this
particular bill, that it is for an increased pension
for an old soldier who has been in the employ of
the Government ever since 1808. He was inva-
lided during the Japan expedition, in consequence
of an injury he received. He was captain of the
after-guard. He was pensioned upon his return;
but it has been discovered that there is no pro-
vision of law for pensioning a captain of the after-
guard.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. If House bill
No. 292, antedating a pension as far back as 1845,
at twenty-five dollars a month, can be brought be-
fore the House, I will make a motion to that effect.
It ought to be modified, so as to agree with similar
bills for pensions.
Mr. BURNETT. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio; but I think that, in the ease he refers
to, a motion was made to reconsider, and that
motion was laid upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope no more of
these bills will be passed without due considera-
tion.
^Mr. K1LLINGER. I heard no motion to
reconsider.
Mr. SPEAKER. It is entered upon the Jour-
nal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that, by unanimous
consent, the motion to reconsider will be received.
Mr. BURNETT, i am as much opposed to
this system of legislation as the gentleman from
Ohio can be; but it is impossible for one or two
men to resist the action of the House upon these
bills. But, sir,fair play is a jewel; and inasmuch
as the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Sickles,]
who has charge of the bill, is not now in his scat,
courtesy demands that he should be here before
anything is done by unanimous consent, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man.] I object, then, to action upon bills during
this hour. The rule provides that nothing shall
be done during this hour but to receive and refer.
RANDALL PEGG.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 154) for the relief of
Randall Pegg; when the Speaker signed the same.
INVASION OF "WASHINGTON.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report to the House the fol-
lowing resolution:
Reolvcd, Thitt there be printed for tile use of this House
five thousand extra copies of the report and evidence sub-
mitted by the committee of five on the subject of a seciet
hostile oigani/.ation.
I call the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that the call for the
previous question will be withdrawn, so that I
can move to amend, providing for the printing of
a larger number. This is the only document I
have boon in favor of printing since I have been
a member here. I am patticularly in favor of the
printing; of this document.
Mr. GURLEY. 1 withdraw the call for the
previous question to let the amendment come in.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that fifteen thousand
extra copies be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Say twenty thousand.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well. I move that the
number be twenty thousand.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GUItLEY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
THE MILITIA.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged question.
In compliance with a resolution of the House, of
the 31st instant, I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to report a bill supplement- .
ary to several acts now m force to provide for i
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, to suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not know what that bill
is. I think it is one of the numerous force bills.
If it be, I raise the question, and move that it be
rejected on its second reading.
JVIr. BRANCH. I would like to hear read the
resolution under which the gentleman from Ohio
submits his report at this time.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire and to report to the House
how, to whom, and at what price, the public arms distrib-
uted since the 1st January, A. D. 1860, have been disposed
of; and also into the condition of the forts, arsenals, dock-
yards, &c.,of the counrry; whether they are supplied with
adequate garrisons; and vvheiher any further legislation is
required to enable the President to affoid adequate protec-
tion to the public property; and that the committee have
power to send for persons and papers, and leave to report
at any time.
Mr. STANTON. -Let the bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the provisions of an act approved the 28th day of February,
in the year 1795, entitled {*An act to provide lor calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress in-
surrections, and repel invasion®, and to repeal the act now
in force for those purposes," and of the act approved the
3d day of March, in the jear 1807, entitled "An act author-
izing the employment of the land and naval forces of the
United States m cases of insurrections," are hereby ex-
tended to the case of insurrections against the authority of
the United States.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That the President, in
any case in which it may be lawful to use either the mili-
tia or the military and naval force of the United States for
the purpose aforesaid,mayaccept the services of such vol-
unteers as may offer their service:#, as cavalry, infantry, or
artillery, organized in companies of the maximum stand-
atd, squadrons, and regiments, respectively, according to
the mode prescribed for the organization of the respective
arms in the mihtaiy establishment of the United States;
and it shall be lawful lor the Piesident to commission the
officers of such companies, battalions, squadrons, and regi-
ments, in their respective grades, to continue till dis-
chaiged fiom the service of the United States ; and such
volunteers, while in the seivice of the United States, shall
bo subject to the rules and articles ot war, and shall be en-
titled to same pay and emoluments as officers and soldiers
of the same grade m the regular service.
Mr. STANTON. I believe this motion to
reject is not debatable, and I am ready, therefore,
to let the question be taken.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not know whether it is
debatable or not.
Mr. STANTON. It was so decided in the last
Congress on the Lecompton bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 will not insist. I demand
the yeas and nays on the motion to reject. If
there be any hope of a restoration of peace, it
must be in tiie defeat of these force bills.
Mr. STANTON. The bill merely supplies an
accidental omission in the act of 1795. It is the
most harmless thing in the world, as gentlemen
will find if they look at it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The biii was again read.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G8, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, William C. An-
derson, Avery, ftarr, Barret, Bocock, Boulicmy, Btabson,
Branch, Bristow, Btown, Bureh, Burnett, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, James Oiaig, Burton
Craige, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edmuudson, English,
Etheridge, FJoienco, Gamett, Gilmer, J. Morrison Harris,
John T. Haiti5?, Hation, flmdrnan, William Howard,
Hughes, Kunkel, Lauabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Lo-
gan, Maelay, Mallory, Mauiatd, McKenty, Millson, Laban
T. Moore, Laac N. Moms, Nelson, Nihlack, Naeil, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Prvor, Quarles, James C. Robinson, Iluffiu,
Ru*t, Scott. Sickles, Simms, William N. II. Smith, Stokes,
Stout, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Wmslow,
Woodson, and Wright—t)S.
NAYS—-Me^sis. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Al-
len, Alley, A.-hley, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brav-
ton, Biieus, BufTmton, Buthnsjame, Burnham, Butterfield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ca=i\ Colfax, Conkling, Conway,
Corwin, Covode, H. Winter Davi*, Dawes,Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Uhot, Ely, Parnsworth, Fen ton,
Foster, Fiank, French, Graham, Giow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
IleSmtck, Hickman, Hoard, William A. Howard, Ilutchlns,
Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellog?, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kiluoie, Kilhngcr, DeWitt C. Loach, Lee. Long-
nocker, Looxnis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight,
McPherson, Montgomery, Moorhead, Moriill, Morse.Nix-
on, Olm, Palme!, Peny, Pott it, Portei, Potter. Pottle, Ed-
win It, Reynolds, John H. tlevnolds, Itice, Riggs, Chris-
topner Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Scdawiek, Sherman,
Somes, Spauhhnir, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewait,
Stratum, Tappaii^ Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Van W\ck, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
CadwaLulcr C. Wa=hburn, Elhhu B. Washbume, Wells,
Wilson, YVwdom, Wood, and Woodruff—110.
So the House refused to reject the bill.
During the vote,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Ferry was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. HINDMAN said: I vote " ay;" but not
that I feel any special interest in the matter. I
am willing to ^ive gentlemen a change to try steel
if they prefer it. y
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Clark B. Coch-
rane was paired off with Mr. Martin, of Vir-
ginia, for the day.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, stated that
Mr. Boteler was paired off with Mr. Millward.
Mr. DE JARNETTE stated that Mr. Jenkins
was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, stated that
Mr. Adams, of Kentucky, was detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr, VALLANDJGHAM stated that his col-
leagues, Mr. Pendleton and Mr. Martin, were
absent from the city.
Mr. STANTON stated that he would offset his
vote against that of his colleague, Mr. Martin,
who was absent.
Mr. SICKLES said: I desire to^hange my vote.
I voted under the impression that the motion was
to suspend the rules to allow the bill to be intro-
duced. I understand that the motion is to reject
the bill upon the second reading. I desire only to
.observe, in explanation, that I shall votein favor of ,
that motion, because I regard this as a direct prop-
osition for coercion, and therefore is objectiona-
ble upon principles which I have heretofore de-
veloped during the discussion of this subject; and
I object to the measure, also,upon the same ground
that I have protested against the organization of
armies, in the States in question, for attacks upon
the possessions of the united States within their
limits.
M r. PERRY saidThe Legislature of the State
of Maine have appointed the delegation of that
State in Congress as commissioners to the peace
congress. Mr. Coburn is now absent in attend-
ance upon that meeting.
Mr. VANDEVER stated that his colleague,
Mr. Curtis, was absent in attendance upon the
peace congress at the other end of the avenue.
Mr. BRIGGS said: I desire to say a word or
two in explanation of my vote. In regard to this
question of secession, I am prepared to say that
I*belicvc there is no such thing as a peaceful se-
cession of any of the States of this Union; that
secession is revolution, and revolution is war. A
portion of the States of our Confederacy are now
m a state of insurrection and rebellion against
the Government; and therefore, I shall vote for
this bill, which invests the President with the
power to meet the condition of things which is
now upon us. I vote " no."
Mr. BURNETT said: I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Stevenson, is detained from the
House as one of the counsel of the State of Ken-
tucky m the argument of a case now pending in
the Supreme Court.
Mr. FOUKE asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FOUKE. I am opposed to war, and the
shedding of fraternal blood; and therefore, in order
to leave open the way to peace in the future, I
would have voted against anything like a force
bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Not being satisfied
at this moment that the existing laws in this re-
spect are not sufficient for the protection of the
Union, I vote u ay."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the second read-
ing of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. SICKLES. The hour for the considera-
tion of the special order has arrived; and the bill
cannot be road a second time.
Mr. STANTON. What will become of this
bill ? Will it come up as unfinished business in
the morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes so.
Mr. SICKLES. I think not. It will go to the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces the
special order as the business before the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to this question of order:
the gentleman from Ohio cannot submit amotion
with respect to the bill upon which we have just
taken a vote, because the time lor the considcra-
