1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
generation, and especially of any of the men of
the Republican party, from whom the denuncia-
tions of the present Constitution have come, to
make a Constitution that shall succeed where the
genius, the wisdom, and the patriotism of Wash-
ington and Madison and Hamilton failed.
Nay, more, sir; what is the rfcal cause of our
present trouble? It is a disregard of the obliga-
tions of our Constitution. Obey this Constitu-
tion that we have, follow it, cherish it, cleave to
it as an article of faith, and you will have peace
again. If that had been done always, this crisis
never would have come upon us. But if there be
not enough of conscience among the people to
obey the Constitution made sacred by the inspi-
ration of our fathers, where will you look for the
sanctions that will preserve inviolate a Constitu-
tion manufactured by Giddings and Seward and
Sumner? Sir, I despair of seeking in the North
any public conscience that would have more rev-
ere ee for the work of this generation than for
the work of the men of the heroic age of the Re-
public.
Again, 1 say that one of the great evils of the
times is the obdurate refusal to recognize the bind-
ing force of constitutional provisions. The peo-
ple have been taught this by reckless leaders now
in power in most of the States, and soon to claim
tlie power of the Federal Government; and I re-
peat, that it is upon them that the responsibility
rests in this emergency. They have striven, in
speeches and essays elaborately prepared by the
midnight lamp, to alienate the North and the
South. These insidious appeals are often written
or revised by those who believe that private opin-
ion is superior to constitutional obligations—the
higher law put forth here and sent from this Cap-
itol m untold millions, to undermine the founda-
tions of fraternal good faith. Thus, sir, by teach-
ing untruth to the people they have been made to
believe that their consciences were not bound by
the Constitution or the law of the land. In the
name of Heaven, how idle it is to talk, in the face
of such a public opinion, of amending a Constitu-
tion when none of those who follow the leaders I
refer to care whether it is obeyed or not! What
a mockery it would be to go before the Legisla-
ture of a State wluch has a personal liberty bill
upon its statute-books, and ask them foran amend-
ment to the Constitution ! When men will keep
such laws in force after they Have taken a solemn
oath, before high Heaven, to support the Consti-
tution, could you believe any pledge they can
make? Would you allow them to deface, by in-
congruous amendments, the symmetry of a Con-
stitution which they have boastfully and defiantly
violated? Such men are well fitted to destroy a
nation; they cannot save it, they will not give it
peace.
No, sir, the work must Degin deeper than that.
The same teachers who have led the minds of the
people to this unbelief, the same leaders who have
enticed the people up to the work of demolishing
the existing Constitution, must again revive in
their hearts the conscience that will preserve and
obey a Constitution. The Democratic party can-
not do this; the Democratic speakers and Repre-
sentatives and Senators cannot do tin : for w&
have, in eveiy canvass, from every hustings, from
every newspaper, and through every legitimate
channel, warned the people against the conse-
quences of the course which they have been pur-
suing. There is no need, therefore, for expres-
sions or guarantees or concessions from that
quarter; but the country will look again and
again, and will never cease to look to the leaders
of the dominant party in this country for the
measures, for the teachings, for the appeals which
will pievent the demon of anarchy from making
havoc in our land.
Mr. Speaker, why may not the President elect
speak to the nation, and especially to his sup-
porters in the aggressive States ? He is secure
m his election. The electoral colleges have met.
There is no fear now, as was sussestcd some
time ago, that he might lose his office by open-
ing Ins lips. The electoral colleges have uiet,
and their votes cannot be recalled. Sir, I hope
that it is not beneath the dignity of the occasion,
or the gravity of the subject, for me to suggest
an illustration of my view in respect of the influ-
ence which could be exercised by words of con-
ciliation from Mr. Lincoln. I believe, sir, that
among the chief causes which have produced the
present state of affairs, has been the desire for
power on the part of a new party, and the belief
that they could most successfully obtain it by an
appeal to the prejudices of the North against sla-
very. It is power that they want. It is power
that they have secured. It is power that they
wish to keep. Patriotism will sway many of Mr.
Lincoln's supporters; but the thirst for power
will control more. Now, sir, to illustrate what
I think with reference to tlie controlling motives
which are producing this state of things, I be-
lieve that if Mr. Lincoln would cause it to be
made known to all the applicants for office under
his Administration, that he will not entertain the
application of any man who is in favor of the
so-calleH personal liberty bills, or opposed to the
faithful execution of the fugitive slave law—if he
will do that, plainly and in good faith, through
his representative men, you will not hear the
word "slavery"for the nextfour years from the
Republican party North, East, or West.
In this remark, I protest that I mean only an
illustration of what I believe to bo the real power
of the leaders in this anti-slavery crusade, and
of their ability to control those who direct the
legislation and the organization of the Republican
party. The rank and file, many of them, have
other and more disinterested motives than the
pursuit of office; but tlie men who will seek office
in the Republican party, are the men who control
its movements everywhere, its public expressions,
and its public action. It is only necessary to
make them understand that they must go to work
and rescue the country from the peril to which it
has been brought by some of their own leaders,
so that they may have a Treasury and a Blue
Book left fiom which thercarc offices to distribute
and patronage to bestow; and then, sir, you will
escape the perils of dissolution by the very means
through which the evil has been brought upon us,
and not until then. "
Now, sir, as to the attitude of the city ofNew
■York. She willclingtothisUnion while there isa
hope left for its preservation,andshe will holdall
men to a just accountability for whatever woe shall
betide the Confederacy; but when there is no
longer a Union, proud as she is, and has been
always, of her position as its metropolis, ready
to bury everything like sectional prejudice, ready
always to contribute in all things to maintain its
honor and preserve its integiity at home and
abroad; yet,sir, when this Union is no more, she
will never consent to remain an appendage and a
slave of a Puritan province. She will assert her
own independence. The North will then see and
feel that secession, although it may begin at the
South, will not end at the South. Sir, there is no
sympathy now between the city and the State of
New York—not the least—nor has there been for
years. The city of New York is now a subju-
gated dependency of a fanatical and puritanical
State government, that never thinks of the city
except to send its tax gatherers among us, or to
impose upon us hateful officials, alien to our in-
terests and sympathies, to eat up the substance of
the people by their legalized extortions. Suchare
the relations which have existed for years between
the city of New York and the State—ever since
the presen t dominant party in that State has been in
power. Thatparty lias astandingarmy of police-
men in our city, which wehavetopay tor. Its Le-
gislature has forced upon us taxation to the amount
of millions to maintain a State government which
never approaches us except to oppress us. Be-
tween such communities there can bo 110 sympa-
thy, no feeling of fraternity, no loyalty in the city
to the State; and nothing has prevented the city
of New York from asserting her right to govern
herself except that provision of the Federal Con-
slitution which prohibits a State from being di-
vided withoutits own consent. If we had not been
thus restrained by the Constitution—and every
word of it is sacred to us—we would long ago, in
accordance with the desire of three fourths of our
people, have sought in independence the only
escape from the oppression which has been put
upon us.
What I say to you now is no new thought in
the city cf New York. It has been the cherished
theme of onr citizens for years past. Our city
has been brought to the very verge of anarchy
and civil war by the oppressions and insults of
the State government; armed men havebeen mar-
shaled in the streets night and day to prevent the
public indignation from breaking into tumult and
revolution. Regiment after regiment, artillery,
infantry, and cavalry, have been arrayed to'over-
awe the fierce passions which tyrannical legislation
aroused among the multitude of our citizens.
But the reverence of the people-for constitu- |
tional obligations yet remained, and they have 1
submitted year after year. When that restraint i
shall no longer exist; when the obligation of those •
constitutional provisions, which forbid the divi- -
sion of a State without its own consent, shall be
suspended, then I tell you that imperial city will
throw off the odious government to which she I
now yields a reluctant allegiance; she will repel j
the hateful cabal at Albany, which has so long
abused its poweriover her; and with her own flag,"
sustained by the courage and devotion of her own
gallant sons, she will, as a free city, open wide
her gates to the civilization and commerce of the
Mr. Speaker, I have not presumed that any
words which I could address to the House would
influence its action, and I did not intend to oc-
cupy so much of the time of the House. But I
thought it right to make known what I believe to
be the convictions of my constituents. I thought
it right and becoming that some further ex'pres-
sion of the sentiment of the city ofNew York, not
only upon the dangers, but upon the illusions of
the day, should be made.
I shall be very reluctant to give a vote that will
constrain the gentleman from Florida, against his
better judgment, to serve upon this committee. I
shall regret in any form to compel a gentleman to
occupy a position when he states it to be his sin-
cere uelicf that he cannot render any good service
there; and yet 1 should deplore to see any State
unrepresented upon that committee. The hopes
and the fears of those whose solicitude is now
occupied with the condition of this country, will
go to the council-chambers of that committee.
The right's, the interests, and the opinions of
every State, ought to bo represented there. While
I cannot, of course, permit myself to criticise
the judgment which the gentleman from Florida
places upon his own duty, yet I cannot bring
myself to believe that it is consistent with the
obligations resting upon every State, or that it is
consistent with the duties we yet owe to each
other, that any State should, through its Repre-
sentative, refuse to contribute at least his time,
his attention, his conscientious and earnest efforts,
in connection with the Representatives of associate
States, to devise some mode by which we can be
extricated from our present danger.
Sir, as a single star cannot be displaced from the
constellation above us, without destroying the
equilibrium of the system, so can wenot, without
a fearful disregard of duty, displace one star from
that committee, to which, perhaps, the very des-
tinies of the Union are committed. Fully con-
scious of my inability to meet the demands of
this occasion, when it is only the voice of com-
munities and States that will command attention;
yet again, I would impersonate my city; liberty,
patriotism, and justice, illuminate her counte-
nance; she extends her arms, as if to embrace a
sister, to every State; on her brow is the diadem
of empire; on her shield is Jier motto, "Excel-
sior;" and on her lips, in tremulous and implor-
ing accents, "pence;" and 1 will summon into
this presence the august form of that noble city,
and ask you to bear and heed her appeal.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to engage in this debate; but it is neces-
sary to pass to-day a Treasury note bill in order
to relieve the pressing necessities of the Govern-
ment. I hope, thciefore, that without objection,
we may put upon its passage a bill for that pur-
pose which I am.instructed to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Ohio
will remember that I desire to offer amendments
to that bill; and, if I can have an opportunity of
offering those amendments, I have no objection -
to its being considered at any time that suits the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
vote being had upon the amendments. Ishall,as
a matter of course, vote against them.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous consent
