1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
demption of those Treasury notes is concerned, I
regard it as entirely unimportant. Whether the
pledge is made by the terms of the bill or not, the
redemption of such Treasury notes as shall be
issued will rest upon the faith of the Government.
Whenever the Government of the United States
proposes to make a loan in any slmpc, of course
its faith, as well as its property of every descrip-
tion, stands pledged for the redemption of that
loan; and in this case, for the Government spe-
cifically to pledge the public lands on any other
description of public property, in my view, adds
no guarantee for its payment.
If, under any circumstances growing out of
the existing state of things, there should be the
result of a disruption of the Government and a
division of the States of the Union; if some of the
States shall separate from the Government as it
now exists, and a negotiation should occur, re-
sulting in a portion of the public debt devolving
upon the seceding States, as a matter of course
all the public lands or assets of the Government
will be divided equally with the debt; and it is
therefore a matter of little conscquence whether
we pledge the public lands or not. If the disrup-
tion takes place, these things must necessarily
conform in the act of settlement. If, in the set-
tlement with the States scccding, justice requires
that a portion of the public debt should be as-
sumed by them, the same principles of justice
and equity will require as well the distribution to
them of a like portion of the property of the Gov-
ernment. Hence I regard the proposition of the
gentleman from Georgia as unimportant in either
aspect in which he has presented it, whether as
giving greater security and greater confidence in
these Treasury notes to those who may be called
upon to receive them, or in view of the threat-
ened disruption of the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, with the
consent of the gentleman from Alabama, that he
lias taken into consideration, in his remarks, only
the first portion of my amendment. The second
portion of my amendment, touching the public
lands, requires that all the money received into
the Treasury after the 1st January, 1861, from
the sales of the public lands, shall be set apart for
the payment of these Treasury notes. The gen-
tleman only replied to that portion which pledcgd
the public lands to the final redemption or pay-
ment of this debt. I desire that the fund out of
which it is to bo paid shall be provided for out
of the sales of the public lands as weli as to se-
cure their passage from hand to hand from the
Government at their par value.
Mr.McCLERNAND. The question has been
asked as to the former practice of the Government
in pledging the public lands of the Government
for the payment of its debts. I believe the gen-
tleman from Alabama and myself are the only
members present who were upon this floor in
1846, during the existence of the Mcxican war.
At that time a proposition was passed for the ne-
gotiation of a loan, or the issue of Treasury notes; j
and, if I am not mistaken, the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands were pledged for the pay-
ment of the debt then authorized to be created.
So far as I can recollect, that was the last occa-
sion on which a law has been passed pledging the
public lands for the payment of the debts of the
Government, The gentleman from Alabama is
conversant with the financial history of the Gov-
ernment; and I desire to ask him whether there
has since been any such law passed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think there is any
instance of recent date, excepting the one to which
my friend from Illinois refers; and I believe there
is a part of that debt which yet remains unpaid—
1 do not know how much, for I have not exam-
ined into these financial questions recently.
One further remark, in reply to* the gentleman j
from Georgia. So far as my vote may be con-
cerned, I say that I am willing, if it be thought
advisable, for the purpose of giving greater con-
fidence to those who may be called upon to re-
ceive these Treasury notes in payment of the
debts of the Government, to cast that vote for
the gentleman's amendment. But I regard it as
entirely unimportant, in view of the probable
separation of uomo of the States of this Union.
In any event, the question whether such a pro-
vision would be wise or not, depends very much
upon the time other debts are falling due. If there
be a debt falling due, and pressing for payment,
such, a provision would be well enough; but in
the event of its running over, I do not see any
object to be accomplished by it.
In that view of the case, possibly the latter part
of this provision might give greater confidence,
and cause these securities to pass without dis-
count.
Mr. Speaker, the main purpose for which I
rose to address the House in a few remarks on
this bill, was to re ply-to the suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Sherman,] and not with any view to go into
a general discussion of our revenue and finances.
1 presume, sir, that none of us desire to do any
such thing at this time. I understood the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
state, that the troubles in the financial operations
of the Government, which now seem to impend
over us, grew out of the defects in the existing
revenue law. I may be mistaken, because I
know how difficult it is to be heard across the
Hall.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama misapprehends what I said. I said that
aside from all political troubles, all political dis-
tractions, the revenue now raised was not suffi-
cient to meet the expenditures of the Government;
that for the last three years we have been con-
stantly running into debt, at a time, too, when
nobody thought of secession or any question of
the kind; and that, therefore, it was necessary
cither to reduce the expenditures or to increase
the duties on imports in order to raise a larger
revenue. That is what I said.
Mr, HOUSTON. Any change of the revenue
laws at this time, sir, would not only be futile as
a remedy for existing pecuniary difficulties, but
it would even be an act of lashncss. The rev-
enue law under which we are now collecting our
revenue has existed only for three years. Shortly
after it was enacted and became the law of the
land, we had a financial crisis which reduced the
importations from foreign countries, and conse-
quently laigely curtailed the amount of the rev-
enue of the Government. That could not have
been caused by the change of the law from that
which existed prior to the law of 1857, for the
latter reduced the duties upon imports. It was a
relief from the restrictions upon importation to
the extent of that reduciion, and there naturally
ought to have beenan increase and nota reduction
of imports. That would have been the natural re-
sult of the change under other circumstances, but,
sir, owing to the crisis I have already referred to,
such was not the result; and now, justas we have
recovered from the troubles of 1857, we are again,
three years afterwards, met by another financial
crisis, caused by transactions and circumstances
wholly disconnected from the legitimate exercise
of our revenue laws. Events have transpired in
all portions of the country which have destroyed
the confidence of our fellow-citizens, one in the
other. They have destroyed the confidence of our
people in your banking system and in all your
commercial operations.
The country cannot be relievea until this crisis
has passed; until matters are settled in some way
by which we will have permancnce, stability-, by
which, sir, we will understand what we are doing;
when our commerce will again resume its natural
activity, and go on prosperously, as it was doing
not many months since. If I understand the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, he fully
sustains the accuracy of the view I present.
While we were suffering in a state of depression,
growing out of the crisis of 1857, which arose
from causes over which our revenue laws had no
control; while, sir, we were emerging from that
depression; while our commerce was becoming
active, and the receipts from duties on imports
were largely increasing; while everything seemed
to bo doing just as well as the most sanguine
friends of the law of 1857 could have wished; just
at that moment we are surrounded by political
divisions and distractions, and other troubles of
the most serious character, which of themselves
act upon your commerce and destroy confidence,
and so again diminish the revenue of the Govern-
ment. While the existing condition of things
exists, the revenue will remain depressed, I care
not what revenue law may be enacted by Con-
gress.
I do not, however, intend to provoke a discus-
sion of this subject. I did not understand the
gentleman from Ohio, a,s he has since explained
himself. Being an advocate of the general prin-
ciples of the laws of 1846 and 1857,1 was unwill-
ing to sit quietly by and permit a remark, which
I understood him to have made, to pass without
saying as much as I have done.
Mr. GROW. I have but a word to say in ref-
erence to the amendment proposed by thegentle-
nian from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.] Before
saying it, sir, I wish to give a brief answer to a
remark which fell from the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.] With your present scalc '
of duties, in order to raise the current expendi-
tures of the Government, as they have been for
th^last two or three years, you must have an im-
portation, in one vear, of about four hundred
and sixty or four hundred and seventy million
dollars' worth of imported goods; when, sir, the
largest importation ever made in one year was
only $360,000,000. If, then, your scale stands as
it does now, you must import into the country,
in order to raise sixty-five or seventy million
dollars, something about one hundred million
dollars'worth of ^oods more than was imported
into the country in the most prosperous year,
which, upon its face, would be a sufficient argu-
ment that your present revenue system will not
meet the wants of the country under any state of
the case. Yes, sir; the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment cannot be defrayed with the present scale
of duties, unless you can increase the importa-
tions of the country $100,000,000 over what they
were in the most prosperous year; and when you
do that, you will bankrupt the country in paying
for those imported goods.
But to return to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] which pro-
poses to pledge the public lands—to place this as
a mortgage upon the public lands of the country.
I am opposed to looking to the public lands as a
source of revenue. I agree with Genera! Jackson,
who, in his message to Congress in 3832, advised
the country to cease to look to them as a source
of revenue. I am opposed to it, because I can see
no reason and no justice in imposing upon the
pipneers who settle your wildernesses, greater
hardships than arc incident to their lot. You now
compel them, under the existing land policy of the
Government, cither to the speculator or to the Gov-
ernment, to pay out of their hard earnings, without
returning them any equivalent. By your land sys-
tem you have already abstracted $1,600,000,000
from the men who people your wildernesses, and
you have not given them an iota of equivalent for
it. The day they took the lands they were not
worth any more than in the hour when they were
created by God Almighty. By the land policy
of the Government, sir, and by the legislation
under it, you have abstracted the large amount I
have stated from their hard earnings, while you
have'sent them forth to expel the savage and the
wild beast and to build up great empires in the
wilderness, loading the van of science and civil-
ization along its untrodden paths.
I agree with General Jackson in saying that it
is time that the Government should cease to look
to the public lands as a means of raising revenue.
Therefore, I am opposed to any such system as
would put a mortgage upon them. I prefer to
leave them within the discretionary power of
Congress, so that such disposition may be made
of tlfem as may be deemed best for the greatness
and the glory of the nation. General Jackson,
in his annual message in 1832, meets the very
point raised by the gentleman from Georgia, that
these lands should be setapartas afund, and that
there was an obligation imposed upon the Gov-
ernment in the articles of cession that the dispo-
sition should be made of them which is now pro-
posed. If there were any lands yet to be disposed
of which were cedcd by the original States, then
it might be worth while to consider that point;
but as very few of these lands are left, even if the
argument were good, it could not control Con-
gress in its action upon lands which were never
ceded by any of the States of the Union. And
then I quote General Jackson, even if the gentle-
man's position was a good one, to relieve the gen-
tleman, for I trust he will not yet repudiate the
authority of his wisdom and of ins counsel to his
country. Speaking upon this very point in his
message, he says:
" As ilic lands may now be eonsideied as relieved from
ttu> r.lcclge, tlie object for wliicli they were ceded having
