1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the head waters of the Arkansas and Eed rivers,
which is cat off from the Territory of New Mex-
ico, containing much arable soil and some gold
and mining resources, lying near the route which
the Pacific railroad, I suppose, will necessarily
pass. I, of course, am not going into that sub-
ject now. I will merely state that Fremont's
route passes just along the line which divides
New Mexico*^rom the Colorado Territory. If this
railroad passes through that portion of territory,
some point on the route will, as a matter of course,
be selected as the seat of government; and it be-
ing just upon the southern borders of the Terri-
tory, the people of this country the gentleman
speaks of will be better accommodated than by
any other arrangement you can make.
Then, in respect to their preferring to remain
within the New Mexican territorial organization,
I will say, that within the last year a large num-
ber of persons have gone down there from the
Pike's Peak region, and I believe number more
to-day than the Mexican population who reside
there; so that, in that point of view, there is cer-
tainly no reason for not detaching them from New
Mexico, when the geography of the Territory
requires it shall be done, and every other consid-
eration corresponds. Now, sir, I will hear the
gentleman from New Mexico, who, I believe,
desires to ask me a question.
Mr. OTERO. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give me the opportunity of
offering an amendment which shall leave that
portion taken from the Territory of New Mexico
within its present jurisdiction. The reason is
this: I know that the people living m that coun-
try are satisfied with their present government,
and are not disposed to be included within any
other organization. They have lived under that
territorial organization ever since they have been
under the Government of the United States; and
this Government is bound to give them their pref-
erence in that respect by treaty stipulations. The
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo expressly makes
provision for their protection in this respect. I
will read that portion of the treaty to which 1
refer. It says:
" Mexicans now established in Territories previously be-
longing io Mexico, and winch remain for the future within
tli ' limit* of the United States as definoU by the present
tienty, shall he free to conlmue vvliert; they now ie>ide, or
to remove at any time to the Mexican Republic, retaining
the property wlm h they po-^os* in the >?u<l Tomtoms, oi
disposing thereof, find lurnoving the proceeds* whenever
they please, without, then being sub|erted, on (hit; account,
to any coimfbutlon, tax, orchaige whatever."
Now, sir, these Mexicans are livingthero within
that jurisdiction. They are a part of the people
of New Mexico; they are a homogeneous people,
and do not desire to £o into any other Territory;
and I give gentlemen notice, that if this bill is
passed in its present form, at the very next ses-
mon of Congress, if this? Union remains, they will
come here petitioning you to reinstate them under
their former government, in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Now, sir, I do not see any force in the argument
that, because of grace and beauty, this Govern-
ment should inconvenience the rights of the citi-
zens of JN'ew Mexico, it has been the custom,
on the part of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, I am very well awaie, especially since
this Congress began, to bung up New Mexico
and her people in every shape and form, and try
to hold it up to the i idieule of the nation. [ pro-
test most solemnly n^ainwt such a course of eon-
duct. And gentlemen think now they are at liberty
to cut it up in any shape they please. I have lis-
tened to these aspersions on tin1 people whom 1
represent with a great deal of calmness. I have
stood ail sorts of opprobrium east upon them; but
I cannot sit here quietly and see the peopleofthat
Territory, who, as I have said, aie a homogene-
ous people, cut m pieces, and a portion of them
transferred to another jurisdiction, when 1 know
it is against their wishes. I should do injustice
to them, and injustice to myself, if I did not ask
that y$u shall make the southern boundary line of
this proposed Territory of Colorado the northern
boundary line of the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Corwix] will not permit the Territory
of New Mexico to be dismembered before giving
us a vote upon his compromise,
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, I have the floor;
and the gentleman from New York cannot insert
a discourteous remark into my speech without
my consent.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
want to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether he will not withdraw the demand for the
previijjbs question, in order that I may submit an
amendment to the bill. All I want is a vote on
my proposition.
Mr. GROW. I have declined to yield to a
similar request from the gentleman from New
Mexico. I must decline to yield.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to move to
strike out, in the eleventh line, the words " thirty-
seventh parallel of north latitude," and in lieu
thereof to insert the words " the northern bound-
ary line of said Territory." I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to let the amendment be
voted on.
Mr. GROW. I decline to yield for the intro-
duction of the amendment.
Mr. Speaker, I want to say a word in response
to the gentleman from New Mexico. So far as
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo is concerned, it
is true that it provides, in regard to the population
of the territory we acquired from Mexico, that
they shall not be deprived of their rights either of
person or property. Suppose it provides that they
shall live under one jurisdiction. What jurisdic-
tion? Why, sir, the jurisdiction of the United
States. They are not removed from that juris-
diction, whether they are placed under the terri-
torial government of Colorado, or remain under
the territorial government of New Mexico. None
of their rights are changed, and they cannot be
changed by being transferred from one territorial
government to another. Both the territorial gov-
ernments are the creatures of the United States,
and are within the jurisdiction of the United States.
As I said before, there are more Americans in
that notch than Mexicans.
Mr. OTERO. No, sir; I know that it is not so.
Mr. GROW. My statement is derived from
the best information that I cftuld obtain. 1 have
made the statement, and there I leave it.
Mr. OTERO. I have personal knowledge of
the fact.
Mr. GROW. I think the Delegate himself told
me that there had been a large emigration from
Pike's Peak to that notch.
Mr. OTERO. To the Territory of New Mex-
ico; but not to that notch alone.
Mr. GROW. I will yield now to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. WASHUURNE, of Illinois. The pre-
vious question is pending, and I object.
Mr. COX. The call has been withdrawn; and
I desire, with the permission of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who yields to me, to state the
amendment which I desire to submit. I want,if
I can, to get a vote on it. It coincides with the
amendment of the gentleman from New Mexico,
lint I have another feature in this substitute; and
that is, to make the territorial offices—executive,
legislative, and judicial—elective by the people of
the Territory. That is a new and progressive
feature in our legislation in reference to the Ter-
ritories; and I want to see gentlemen on the other
side come up to some of their professions,and vote
on this subject. I appeal to my friend from Penn-
sylvania to let us have a vote on the proposition.
Mr. GROW. I have uniformly declined all re-
quests to vote on amendments. I have refused
my old friends, and I cannot now yield to the
gentleman from Ohio. I demand the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn, if the House want a recess, I will
not object.
Mr. CORWIN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. FA11NSW0RTH. Debate is not m order,
pending the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, to hear my friend from Ohio.
Mr. GROW. Has my demand for the pre-
vious question been entered?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. SICKLES. I withd raw my motion to ad-
journ, in order to permit thegcntleman from Ohio
to address the House on a more important ques-
tion.
Mr. CORWIN. I understand, from the mo-
tion made by my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, this morning',
to postpone the special order until to-morrow, j
that there will necessarily be no night session for
the purpose of discussion. I now move that when
the House adjourns, it be to meet at seven o 'clock,
this evening, for debate alone.
Mr. SICKLES. I am willing to vote for that,
provided wo take the recess now, and it is under-
stood that there is to be no business transacted at
the evening session.
Mr. GROW. I insist on my demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio for an
evening session.'
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If the House adjourns now,
it will be till seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. GROW. What is the condition of the
pending bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will go over until to-mor-
row as the unfinished business.
Mr. BURCH. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky is not in order, the House
having fixed the time to which it will adjourn;
and the motion to adjourn made by the gentle-
man from New York is not in order, because that
motion has just been voted down.
Mr. BURNETT. I will reach it in another
way. I move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. There are only twenty voting
for the yeas and nays, which is not a sufficient
number.
Mr. SICKLES. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn
Mr. SICKLES. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion that there be a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to order a call of the House.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. I want the amendment read again;
and 1 demand the yeas and nays on its adoption.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the House
to let me say a few words in explanation.
Objection was made.
Mr. SICKLES. I demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barret,
and McKnight were appointed.
Mr. BARRET. I want to explain before I
vote.
Mr. GROW. I object to anything out of order.
Gentlemen on the other side have undertaken to
filibuster, and they can stay here if they please.
Mr. BARRET. I want to ask the gentleman
a-question for information.
Mr. GROW. I have no answer to make.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose we might as well
adjourn now; and I submit that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then put; and it was decided
In the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messts. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Bab-
bitt, Bm;!iam, Blair, Blake, Brayton, liutiinton, fiurlin-
stanie, Burnham, jBiltteriicld, Campbell, Caiey, Carter,
Case, Coit'.ix. Cunklmg. Conway, Covode, II.Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, DueJl, Dunn, Edirerlon, Edwards, Eliot,
Elv, Famswoitlt, Feiitun, Fiank, Fiencli, Gooeh, Graham,
Oiovr, Onrley, Hale, Hall. Ilelimek, William A. Howard,
Ifumphrei. Hutcliins, Irvitn', Jmikin, Fiancus W. Kellosjr,
William Kellogg, Killmger, lie U'ntC. Leach, Lee, Loii?-
neek'T, Looims, Lovejoy, Marion. McKean, McKjiiiriitj
McPherson, -Honihead, .Mnnill. l\[ots(-, Nixnn, Pnbnc!,
Pettit, Porter, t'otter, Pottle, Edwin K Reynolds Chu-t
uplier Roliin.-in, Scianton, Nedgwick, Shciman, fc-pinner,
