1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Stanton, Stevens, Trip pan, Tompkins, Train, Vandever,
Wade, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EI-
lihu t]- Washburne, Wells, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, William C. Anderson,
Avery, Barret, Bocock, Bralteon, Branch, Bureh, Burnett,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Jolin Cochrane, Corwin,
Cox, Burton Craigc,^olni G. Davis, De Jainette, Edmund-
son, Florence, Garnett, Gilmer, John TV Harris, Hatton,
Hinaman, Ilolman, William Howard, Hushes, Leake,
Loijan, Maynard, MeClemand, McKenty, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noel], Phelps,
Pryor. Ciuarles, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas,
and Wright—52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that he was
paired off with Mr. Ashley.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that Mr. Pey-
TON.was called away from the House by sickness.
Mr. Q.UARLES said: Mr. Leach, of North
Carolina, has been indisposed for some days, and
was taken sick in the Hall to-day,and compelled
to leave. I am instructed to say that, were he
here, he would vote in the negative.
Mr. SIMMS stated that Mr. Brown was com-
pelled to leave the Hall on account of sickness in
his family.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. Vance.
Mr. STOKES stated that Mr. Etheridge had
paired off with Mr. Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. TOMPKINS stated that Mr. Beale was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. NIBLACK stated thatMr. Davis,of Indi-
ana, had paired off with Mr. Wilson upon this
and all other votes which may be taken to-day«
Mr. GARNETT stated thatMr. Jenkins was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. HINDMAN stated that he transferred to
his colleague his own pair with Mr. Thayer,
and would vote on the pending question.
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Pendleton
had paired off with Mr. Theaker.
Mr. dUARLES stated that Mr. Vance was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Trimble was
called away by sickness.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. PRYOR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
", it wets
read a third time; and being engn
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW called the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aliliicli, Alley, Bina-
bam, Blair, lilakc, Bras ton, Buffinton, Bilrlmgame, Burn-
ham. fliitteitield. Campbell, Caiey, Cartel, Case, Collax,
Conkling. Conway, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Ducll,Kdi:cr-
ton, Edw'aids, Eliot, Elv, Faiuswoith, Fenton, Florence,
Prank, French, Goocli,Graham, Grow, Gurlev. Hale. Hall,
Helimck, William Howard, William A. Hmvaid, Hum-
phrey. llutcliiiH, Irvine,.Iimkm, Francis VV. Kcllogi;, Wil-
liam Iveilogir, Keiiyon, Killmeci, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Lon m-ckef, Looiins, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, Mc-
Keutv, McKniglit, 5IePherson,Mooihead, Morrill, Edwaid
Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morn-, Morse, Nixon, !>almei, I'orter,
Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice, Chi istopher Roil-
"DrM-rtA 'jdinntrtii ft£*ii<Twif ic. Sninnor. Stanton, Ste-
burne, Well*. Window, Wood, and Woodruil—^0.
NAY^—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, William C. Anderson,
Avciy. Bairet, 13ocock, Bureh, Burnett, Horace Claik,
John 'B. Clark, John Cochrane, Corwin, Cox, Bnifon
Crai< e, John G. Davis, De Jainette, Edmund^on, Gannett,
Gilmer, John T. Harris. Iiatton, Hindman, Ilolman,
Hughes, Leake, Logan, Maynard, McCiermuul, Miil=on,
Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Pettit, Pheip<, Pryor,
Quarles, James C. Robinson, llutfin, Sickles, Simius, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, and Thomas—44.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FLORENCE said: I desired that the wishes
of the gentleman from New Mexico should be
complied with; but I think these people ought to
have a government; and therefore, 1 vote "ay."
Mr. Q^UAIILES stated that he was instructed
to say that Mr.Leach, of North Carolina, would
have voted in the negative had he been here.
Mr. SICKLES said: Believing this bill to be a
violation of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, I
vote " no."
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEBATES OF CONGRESS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
joint resolution:
Joint resolution authorizing the purchase of the debates of
Congress, to furnish those members who have not re-
ceived them:
Resotved by the Senate and House of Representat&es of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of
Representatives be, and they are hereby, respectively au-
thorized and directed to purchase from the publisher of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, at the rate they have
heretofore paid him, a sufficient number of the copies
thcreot, containing the debates of Congress from December
3, 1833, to March 3, 1S59, inclusive, to furnish each mem-
ber of each House, who has not heretofore received them,
one complete copy, to be paid for in whole, if sufficient, if
not, in part, with the unexpended balance of the appropri-
ation tor the purchase of books contained in the act of
March 3, 1857.
Mr. THOMAS objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules to introduce the resolution.
FRAUDS IN INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask ray colleague
to allow me to introduce a resolution, to which
there will be no objection.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will yield, retaining
the floor in the mean time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the
Committee oil Printing:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand extra copies of the
report, and the accompanying testimony, made by the select
committee appointed to investigate the f.iets peitammg to
the attraction of bonds from the Interior Department, be
printed for the use of the llou-se, and five hundred lor the
use of said Department.
iiussek's reaper.
Mr. THOMAS. I am satisfied that there is
no quorum present; and I call for a division of the
House upon the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. Before that motion is put,
I ask the gentleman from Illinois to allow me to
have read a resolution which I desire to have
passed. If there is any objection to it, I will with-
draw it; and if there be none, it will not interfere
with his motion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved hi the Senate ami House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congi ess assembled, Tliat
the fuithci time of ninety dajs be jriven to all parties op-
posed to the lenewal or extension ot the patent for Hus-
sey's reapei, and of all modifications or iiripiovemeiits of
the same, to talte testimony against the extension or re-
newal ol the same, and the patentee -dial! have the same
time to take testimony m favor of said lenevvai.
Mr. SICKLES. I object to it; and I object
upon the ground that we ought not to legislate
here m reference to contested lawsuits.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned to meet at seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
(Mr. Aldiucii occupying the chair as Speaker
pro tempore,) and immediately resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the report of
the committee of thirty-three on the present con-
dition of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, it is useless to
disguise, and traitorous to increase, the gravity of
the occasion. Against theGovernmentestablished
by Washington, a rebellion, formidable in its pro-
portions and portentous in its results, is even now
bucklingon it sarin or, and with vigorousdiplomacy
'courting allies. I am painfully aware how vain
forme would bo the attempt to stay this down-
ward revolution; and, if I cannot airest it, I will
do nothing to accelerate its execrable speed,
do not underrate the martial spirit ot the South;
and those who imagine there is nothing to be
dreaded by the tocsin that assembles :the North in
arms, know little of thefire that nowlies concealed
in northern ice. " Let but a single gun .be fired
in this capital," to use the words of one of mf
correspondents," and there would not be men
enough left at home in the North to milk the
cows." It is growing too evident that in each
section of our country the war-dogs only' need to
be let loose to cut the G'ordian knot we have so
long unsuccessfully struggled to untie. Expect-
ant heroes, the cavaliers and the roundheads, al-
ready stand on tiptoe to vindicate their respective
claims; on one side the eagerness to commence, and
on the other the reluctance to leave off, a fratricidal
war. He that does not pause ere he scars the
pages of history with such a contest, is a madman.
It is not because I doubt the mettle of my own
people that I pause, but because I know their
pluck. Therefore, not until all hope of the Union
shall pass away, will I whet the edge of animos-
ities by imitating the bad example of some gen-
tlemen in sending forth the war-whoop, instead of
sober arguments and reasonable conclusions.
Recognizing the fact that there appeared to be
an organized plan to revolutionize and break up
the Government, a conspiracy to blot out the Dec-
laration of Independence and subvert the Consti-
tution, I voted in favor of raising the committee
of thirty-three, when it was proposed, in order to
give those who represented that portion of our
country loudest in their complaints an opportu-
nity to be heard to the utmost latitude; and not
because any real grievance was visible to me—
always excepting that some men were abo.ut to
go out of office, and others were about to come in.
I would consider the complaints of a single indi-
vidual; and could not, therefore, reject unheard
those of whole States. The Representatives from
the disaffected sectiog were each our equals, and
respectable in numbers, and therefore, if they pro-
posed it, entitled to the right of being heard. I
do not regret that vote. This opportunity has
been granted; and yet, I confess, while there is a
fertility of apprehensions, no real grievance has
been made manifest. Our admirable and complex
form of Government in all its operations has ex-,
hibited as little friction, as little of local hardship,
as any ever devised by the wit of man.
It is undeniably true that, if the late election had
resulted m the defeat of Mr. Lincoln, no revolu-
tion would have been precipitated, and no new
guarantees to slavery would have been required
at our hands. But, while we have been victori-
ous in the campaign, we are invited to submit to
what would not even have been suggested had
we been defeated; ay, and invited to submit to
what nearly two thirds of the popular vote of the
Democratic, party itself rejected; for one million
three hundred and sixty-five thousand nine hun-
dred and seventy-six "Democrats, in voting for
Mr. Douglas, voted against the protection of sla-
very in the Territories; and only eight hundred
and forty-seven thousand nine hundred and fifty-
three for Mr. Breckinridge, in favor of it. Under
these circumstances, the demand made is a hu-
miliation to which no party can submit. In 1820
the Missouri compromise was established, and
its repeal was never agitated by the North. In
1828 John Quincy Adams was defeated on charges
of extravagance, although the expenditure was
not one sixth of what we now witness; but the
North submitted. In 1832General Jackson was
reelected on the ground of hostility to the United
States Bank; and when the bank went down, all
acquiesced. In 1844 Mr. Polk was elected be-
cause he was in favor of " the reannexation of
Texas," and "extending the area of freedom;
and when Texas came in, with four slave States
extended on its banner, even then there was no
rebellion. In 1848 the Wilmot proviso was de-
feated; but no secession followed. In 1854 the
Missouri compromise was repealed; and yet the
Union stood firm, notwithstanding this combined
blunder arid crime. In 1860 Mr. Lincoln was
elected, because he was opposed to the extension
of slavery into the Territories, and opposed to the
General maladministration of the Government for
the last eight years. That verdict of the people
cannot be reversed, except by the people them-
selves, four years hence. I trust it may never be
reversed. Meantime it must be accepted by all
order-loving, Constitution-obeying men. If the
South did not mean to abide by the result—only
on the principle of " heads I win, tails you lose *
