1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• —they should not have courted the issue, nor
made the appeal to the ballot-box. Having par-
ticipated in the election, it is too late to reject the
verdict. They will find consolation in the best
of books, " The patient abiding of the righteous
shall be turned to gladness."
"Whatever fate may betideour country, the Dem-
ocratic party has much to do to redeem itself from
the odium of the ptesent crisis, and I would urge
it to that patriotic end. A Democratic President
has not used his high prerogative to estop the dis-
memberment of the Republic, but only to license
anarchy. He has looked benignly on secession.
Like a clever old man, with unruly sons, he has
deprecated their conduct by saying, "Don't; but
1i I were you I would, and I can't help it if you
do. It is not a difficult feat for the officers and
crew to scuttle and sink the staunchest of ships;
and any Government may go down when its own
officers betray their trust, or lapse into corruption
and imbecility. The names of those now or re-
cently in command, will have a page not to be
envied in future history. Nor will it be lost sight
of that secession was begotten and nursed by the
wolves of the Democratic party. The true men
of this party must now take care of their own rep-
utation.
Mr. Speaker, not having been able to coincide
with the honorable chairman, who presented the
views of the majority of the committee of thirty-
three, nor yet altogether with the views of any of
the minority reports, I fuel it to be my duty to
take this method of explaining what, in my judg-
ment, should be done, and what should not lie
done; with the various subjects upon which we
shall soon be called upon to act.
And first let me say, that the course of those
occupying extreme positions in the South, before
and especially since our assembling here, has made
it embarrassing for me, or any of us who would
preserve the Constitution in all ita vigor, to listen
even to words of conciliation; while anytime'like
compromise lias never been possible for a moment
Compromises are under the ban of all parties, and
to the advocates ofsecession,who mean revolution,
more odious than to any other. If any Slate or
States may withdraw their Senators arid Repre-
sentatives, seize forts, ships, arsenals, mints, hos-
pitals,and dock-yards, whenever an election term-
inates adversely to their political opinions, and
then demand terms—fundamental changes of or-
ganic laws—before they will leturn to their alle-
gmncc, what is our Constitution, with all its his-
toricspleudor, worth? Should such a course obtain
the sanction of serious concessions, the national
Government would be forever destroyed, and each
member of the family, as they acquired strength
and mettle tor disobedience, might in turn defy
the, law and order of the paternal'i-oof unless some
poi tion of authority was abdicated, and some por-
tion of the estate was set apait for exclusive en-
joyment. I will do nothing to commit our Repub-
lic to this crumbling process of mutiny and decay-
I will do nothing to admit the doctrine of seces-
sion as the extreme medicine of the Constitution
JNo one who desires the continuance of the Union
should consent to put it in a position of mere suf-
ferance tenant at will—of one State, nor even a
dozen States. Self-preservation forbids that our
system should be inoculated with any such virus
If the seceding States desire to quit the Unionj
ana to quit it forever, let them propose constitu-
tional amendments for that purpose, and calmly
submit them to the people. This is the only mode
by which the end aimed at can be reached with-
out civil war, and the utter demoralization of alt
the parties who choose to maintain the present
Constitution.
I know that the existence of a paity, as com-
pared with the existence of the Union, is a matter
of utter insignificance. But, at this time, there is
but one party which can be relied upon as an en-
tirety and m all its integrity, m favor of the Union
and the Constitution as it is. If this party fails
in its duty, or lacks the courage equal to its mis-
sion, either the Union will be destroyed, or the
Constitution will be so changed that it" might, cost
jess to abandon our inheritance thus incumbered
than to support it. Union men, in whatever party
now to be found, should acknowledge the neces-
sity and unite with us in rescuing "the Govern-
ment from its present dangeis; and When we reach
W amPje time to fight
February 18,
Whether Representatives here show that patri-
otism or not, I feel sure the people will rally un-
der no other banner than the " stars and stripes."
For one, I cannot make what appears to me to
be concessions, nor consent to any measure that
shall io wer the moral and political standard of the
great majority in the North. The South shall
have all its rights; but I am commissioned to sur-
render none. When the principles upon which I
was elected a member of this House become dan-
gerous to the country, I shall deem it my duty to
resign and go home; but while I believe them vital
to its preservation, they will continue to be as-
serted. Measures intended for humiliation, forc-
ing the majority to capitulate to the minority,
Wr i.- e no countenance from me. But, outside
of this, being victors, we can afford to be frank
and magnanimous, and do and say what we mean
Rather, we cannot afford anything less. If some
future republican traveler from Naples or St, Pe-
tcrsburgh shall ever come here to sketch the ruins
ol this temple of liberty, let him have no data to
note that it was shattered by mere perversity of
temper. Let the rock upon which we split sla-
very extension—and no other, be marked on the
map. The assailants of the Union are now in the
wrong, and we must keep them so. I will not shut
my eyes to the fact that several Stales, with ap-
parent and sudden sanction of their people, have
Started to leave us, with the intent never to return.
Other fixed stars of the Republic, with fear of
change, are perplexing the world. What I can
properly do to restore harmony, although it may
prove fruitless I shall try. I will deal m truth,
frankness, and conciliation; and shall favor such
measures as will not compromise, in my judg-
ment, the great principles of human liberty upon
which our Government was established—if such
shall be accepted as an adjustment of present diffi-
culties. Whatever I might do under ordinary cir-
cumstances, neither more nor less, I shall feel it
incumbent vipo„ ,„c to Jo r|ow% To (||c ()f
the South our party has been most pertinaciously
misrepresented; and I am willing to tell them that
we intend them no harm; that,"if Jeffeison and
Jackson were not dangerous, then-apprehensions
aie unfounded as to Mr. Lincoln. 1 am, there-
lore, willing to give a congressional certificate that
we have been slandered; that the Republican party
of to-day is no blacker than the Republican party
which, for t wvuly-t'ouv years in succession, found
1" Virginia sue, rssful candidates for the Presi-
dency; and that Mr. Hamlin is as immaculately
white as is the gentleman from Ohio, [Governor
Con WIN.] I feel sure the southern people, goaded
by calumnious oratory, have made a suicidal
plunge; and I would give time for sober truth to
use anu reassert its empire. Not standing on the
soulless punctilio that they ought to have known
buti i than to cap mto such turbid and bottomless
watei s, let us (ling them at least the driftwood that
may float them to the shore. If they can have a
chance to return by their own volition, it will cost
ess than to plunge in after them, and they will be
better associates m all time to come.
It is not to those States now in armed revolt
that I would oiler the calumet; for they are not
entitled even to an explanation to save them from
suicide. I iiey have not asked it; they have ap-
pealed to no tribunal sine that of force. But the
liorihr States Iiavi, as yet, done nothing to earn
our,mte. something rather to elicit praise; and to
them, made glorious by ancestral renown,and by
a common fame, precious by holding the ashes of
heroes and statesmen whom we have loved with
that wonderful love, "passing the love of wo-
men. to themiet us give assurances of a faithful
ledemption of all the obligations imposed upon
us by the Constitution we have sworn to support
a that fraternal sympathy that shall leave them'
no excuse for seeking a foreign home.
Among the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee, not all of which received my assent, there
was one— '
... iiu.vc time to Hf\Ut
8bout political difterences as practical issues arise.
J 'i?1 "le vc-ial States be respcctfulfv lequested to
cause theirsmuites to be levied, with a view- to nsceitun
l'imter°t, a"i ™!lf],cr mtl1. Mid to embarrass or
Under the oceution ot the laws or tlie United States;"
to wnieh I did assent, because it is respectful
m its tone, pertinent to States South as well as
JNorth: and because my own State had already
ordered precisely this thing to be done before we
assembled here. Moved by her own sense of pro-
priety, \ ermont will, m her own good time, do
whatsoever is right—because it is right. I have
not given critical attention to what are called pei-
sonal liberty bills,for rioneof them,noranything
else, has prevented the execution of the fugitive
slave law, though repugnant to a large share of
the legal and moral sense of the country, which
the President says has been executed in every con-
tested ctse. That cannot be said of the neutrality
laws to prevent fillibusterism, nor of the laws for
the suppression of the African slave trade.
So far as the legislation of Vermont is con-
cerned, I think it has been intended to maintain
her reputation as the purest democracy in the
world, the very sanctuary of liberty, and to throw
around all her inhabitants, however humble, the
safeguards of the writ of habeas corpus and trial
by jury, as well as to prevent the nefarious crime
of kidnapping from being committed within her
borders.
Such laws as these are common, and ought to
be, to all the States. They are merely legislative
authority to enforce a bill of rights," dear to free-
men and formidable to tyrants only," and stand,
as the flaming sword to defend the rights of man,
as recognized in all our republican constitutions,'
whenever they shall be assailed.
By the decision of the Supreme Court in the
case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, which subsequent
events have rendered historical, it was decided
that the master could seize his slave as any other
property, wherever found, if there was no State
lawagainstit. Much of the legislation complained
of was therefore set in motion, to compel masters
to resort to United States authority, and prevent
the possibility of lawless seizure of free black men.
Is the same case, it was decided that the legisla-
tion of Congress excludes all State legislation on
the subject. Free State Legislatures, therefore,
very generally prohibited their officers from aid-
ing or assisting in such business. If this showsa
lack of comity, it was in pursuance of this decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. It is true, aiso, that
the 1-igors of the fugitive slave act of 1850 multi-
plied and intensified such statutes. If, however,
in doing this, State Legislatures have transcended
the object aimed at, and any of tlicir statutes con-
fT1C- w.lt'},tl,at section of the Constitution of tho
United States which declares, that "no person
held to service or labor in one State, under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m con-
sequence of any law or regulation therein, be dis-
charged from such service or labor," they should
be repealed without debate. It, is never to be tor-
gotten, and especially not now, that the " Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof' is " the su-
preme law of the land," "anything in the con-
stitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding." 3
One of the propositions of the committee, as
ottered by the distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, is to provide an amendment to the
Constitution which shall forbid any possible fu-
ture interference with slavery m the States where
it exists. Such, unquestionably, is the true mean-
ing of the Constitution now. I know of no party
having the remotest intention of giving it any
other construction. The Republican pan v, of all
otheis, bound themselves m the most solemn form
tlius- resolution of tho Chicago platfoim,
t,',c ma'titeiiance Inviolate of tin? rights of the
Mate,, ana especially the right of each State to oider i d
control own domestic mammons to is m"7
judgment exetusivcly, is essential ;n that b-tlanee of now-r
on winch the perfection ami endu.-.nce of our non""'u
'irn '.V:,'l"!nrtV,a"d we denounce the lawless lnvns'oiYby
w,lat Pretext, as among the gravest ot erinies !<
I eTi'at 18 TT araong C0°I men would
be so regarded. Unfortunately, all men at this
a^ntTnn0ttlC°°w TllS rL'soIll,1°'1 unanimously
adopted by this House on the 11th of February
last is even more explicit. Every member, Re-
publicans inclusive, for once in harmony.
"Resolved, That neither Congress nor tfieneonleoroev-
tSfmht tMc "01n-s|ave"0,<l,1,ff has the con.-titu-
any .-lavdiofclirig State nnl'li UnlonT'" WUh'
rmf«rily' aftcF,tllis' 'he possibility of deception
must be considered effectually throttled. Only
those who desire to lje cheated can he cheated '
m„„, ™ been unwilling to consider anv ameiid-
9hn ,hil le (C,0",st!tuU01l> lest a master woik
should be botched by journeymen; and I have
