1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tolerated the idea at this point alone, not because
I thought it necessary, but that, if accepted as
an adjustment of present difficulties, it might,
by perpetuating a part of our present Constitu-
tion—reenacting it, if you please—perpetuate tlie
whole. But I have, as yet, had no assurances
that this will be taken in any larger sense than of
" good so far as it goes." To secure my support,
it must be taken as afull and final settlement. To
that end, guarantees against the heresies of seces-
sion would be indispensable.
I know of no one who claims or desires the
constitutional power to interfere with the domes-
tic institutions of any State. Whenever the af-
firmative of that doctrine shall be maintained, it
will be in some remote age, when all State rights
shall have become extinct, and the spirit of the
people so tamed as to be ready to submit to im-
perial despotism. Then the Federal Government
may as easily establish slavery in a free State as
to abolish it in a slave State.
The particular form which this proposition has
assumed appears to me objectionable, and unne-
cessarily complicated; and all that part which
makes a discrimination between the States should
be stricken out. But, if the substance of such a
declaration could serve the great purpose of con-
ciliation in the present exigencies of the country,
I would go to the extreme verge of liberality in
order to give it my assent. We are either in favor
of ultimate interference with slavery in the States
where it exists, or we are against it. Now, if
against it—though we may consider it surplus-
age—why may we not put the subject beyond
even the power of willful misrepresentation ? As
a mere matter of taste, I would not vote for it;
but I would be willing to sacrifice taste for the
Union. The proof is abundant that southern men
have indulged, and do indulge, in serious charges,
if not real apprehensions, on this point; and if
the measure proposed would carry healing 011 its
wings, it appears to me to be one that may be
tendered without sacrifice. I presume, however,
it will fail to receive that support from gentlemen
of the South which would indicate that it is suffi-
cient for the evils complained of; and then it will
be useless to offer as a remedy what the patient
avows will be flung out of the window, and may
properly be abandoned. Should the seceding
States stand aloof, it would be vain to attempt to
give efficacy to this measure, as its only induce-
ment—general cooperation—would be wanting.
If it be said that this would be a surrender of any
principle, I ask how ? We have already solemnly
abjured it. It is not, unless you intend to accom-
plish an unconstitutional end by constitutional
means, and the chance of doing that even, can be
computed by tracing out the process. As it re-
quires three fourths of all the States to carry any
amendment of the Constitution, with fifteen slave
States sure to vote against it, no amendment au-
thorizing interference with slavery in the States
could succeed, until the whole number of States
amounted to sixty, and of these it would require
the entire concurrence of forty-five. It is unne-
cessary to spend more time in discussing a meas-
ure that cannot pass, and which, if it could pass,
would not give the slave States one whit-more of
security than they now practically enjoy.
The present fugitive slave law, confided to ma-
gistrates unknown to the Constitution, who, it was
assumed, would need five dollars more to be per-
suaded to decide a case in favor of slavery than
for freedom, merciless in its summary process,
and with 110 trial by jury, compulsory upon all
citizens to join in the hunt of any runaway, so
obnoxious in its features that it wouM almost
seem to have been made repulsive by design, has
yet been held by the highest judicial tribunals le-
gally and technically constitutional. Such being
the decision, nullification by interior courts or
Legislatures is no remedy for its faults, as their
action is itself a nullity. The amendments pro-
posed by the committee, although they may not
reach to the extent of amelioration that they might
have done without impairing the constitutional
purposes of the law, arc yet steps 111 the right
direction; and though they will not secure alac-
rity in the ordinary execution of the law, so long
as "life and liberty are more precious than prop-
erty, they will remove the general excuse for mobs.
No proposition to amend the law of 185U would
be likely to fail of being an improvement; and
these amendments ought not to be refused by any
just legislator, unless other provisions of an ob-
jectionable character shall be ingrafted upon them
in their progress through this House, calculated
to defeat substantial improvements here tendered.
Another proposition of the committee is an en-
abling act for the admission of the Territory of
New Mexico as a State in the course of the ensu-
ing year I am ready to admit that this would
practically dispose of all the territory we now
have to which the slaveholding States set up any
claim in their ■ultimatum of a restoration of the
Missouri line; but it leaves open what they hold
to be the paramount question of the disposal of
territory hereafter to be acquired, and will not there-
fore be satisfactory, even if the question that it
would become a slaveholding State was free of
doubt.
The fatal objection to this measure is that the
civilization of the territory is unequal to the task
of supporting a State government. I trust that
they are making progress in wealth and education;
but there is no evidence present showing either
their capacity or desire to embark in the experi-
ment.
To be entirely frank, I do not think it can ever
practically become a slaveState. It must forever
remain a pastoral country. Whatever its mines,
real or fabulous, may attract, its tillage land, skirt-
ing the borders of streams only, its arid wastes
destitute of water, can never support a popula-
tion, much beyond its present numbers; nor can
a cheaper labor be substituted for that which now
prevails.
By the organic act passed ten years ago, in
addition to the rights obtained by treaty, New
Mexico obtained the right of admission into the
Union with or without slavery; and during eight
years of that time, the whole Federal patronage
of the Government has succcedcd in permanently
forcing into that Territory eleven slaves only, ten
of whom are women. With this state of facts I
cannot but think whenever, sooner or later, the
subject shall be discussed, as it would be at the
formation of a constitution, and all outside pres-
sure on the people shall be removed, they will
decide the question in favor of human freedom.
But any people willing to vote peon servitude
upon themselves, as they do in New Mexico, are
hardly to be trusted with the destinies of a State.
Under ordinary circumstances I should vote
against enabling New Mexico to come into the
Union at the present time; and I cannot find any-
thing in the present condition of affairs to release
me from the obligation of doing so now. It has
not been made apparent, if this measure could
receive the entire vote of this side of the House,
that it would be acceptable as a measure of adjust-
ment. But were it otherwise, I should not vote
for it; because itweais the appearance of an eva-
sion of principles heretofore made prominent, and
which 1 am unwilling to vail in a cloud.
There is another proposition, founded upon the
same section in the Constitution upon which the
law for the return of persons held to service es-
caping into another State is based, in relation to
fugitives from justice, which, in my opinion,
would in practice prove unsatisfactory, and in-
stead of curing present irritations, would multiply
them tenfold. Heretofore, the requisition has
been made by the chief executive officer of one
State upon the chief executive officer of another
State. It is now proposed to make this requisi-
tion " upon the district judge of the United States
of the district " in which the criminal may be
found, whose duties are so defined and limited
as necessarily to give the criminal laws of local
Legislatures a wider and even national application,
and at the same time blots out the sovereignty
of a State altogether. If it be solely a judicial
question to be determined, I answer that the Gov-
ernors of most States are apt to be as able jurists
as the judges of these district courts; nor can po-
litical prejudices be avoided by the change, for
judges are now often appointed as much in ref-
erence to their political affinities as to their legal
knowledge. The demand must be made by a
Governor, and it is proper that 11 should be re-
sponded to by an equal. Under the present prac-
tice, Governors surrender fugitives from justice
when the charge alleged would be a crime in the
State to which they have fled. That would seem
to be a rule far less liable to abuse than the one
proposed, and as equal and just as can be devised.
1 trust this most exceptionable project to change
the old law will receive, the decided negative of
all sides of the House, and of State-rights men
especially.
Failing of success in the late election of Presi-
dent, though still maintaimng^supremacy in botli
branches of Congress, the southern States jiow
demand as their ultimatum, and as a condition
precedent of their faithful adherence to tho present
Constitution, a recognizance and protection of '
slavesas property in all the territory we now have,
or may hereafter acquire, south of 36° 30',north
latitude. This is, in part, the Crittenden compro-
mise. It is proposed to make this a part of the
Constitution. So far as it would be a revival of
the Missouri compromise, it would certainly seem
expedient to place it where it could not become
"inoperative and void" through the actionofthe
party now renewing the proposition, as'well as
safe from the reach of the Supreme Court, lest
history should repeat itself. But what is the ne-
cessity for this measure? Slavery has already
obtained afoothold in all this Territory, protected
by the Territorial Legislature, and hedged in by
impending decisions of the Supreme Court. Is
it not enough that this is a fact, but must the min-
ority be forced to concede the fate of an empire
not yet within our grasp? The conclusion is irre-
sistible that it is not, after all, a contest about the
condition of what wo now possess, but whether
we shall hereafter acquire territory now free, and
force slavery into it without allowing the con-
quered people to say even whether they will tol-
erate it or not. This invasive purpose, too, is to
be announced in advance, and emblazoned in the
very forehead of our Constitution.
The whole of this claim, as must have been
foreseen, will meet with an emphatic denial. There
is no part of it worthy of the sanction of a great
and high-minded people. If the desire was sim:
ply room for the expansion of slavery into New
Mexico, that is practically enjoyed already. If
the desire reaches beyond that; ifitis Sonoraand
Chihuahua that is hunted in the distance, let those
who mean it avow it. Then the question would
be squarely presented, whether those Mexican
provinces must be obtained at the cost of break-
ing up the Union or not; whether secession or
Mexico, should be conquered; whether South
Carolina orCuba mustbe bought. Jtot until after
the present dangerous fit of indigestion shall have
passed away, can the American people be induced
to swallow more of the disjointed limbs of priest-
ridden Mexico; and I trust their hunger in that
direction is forever appeased.'I knew a man once
who was always m litigation about the bofindary
lines of his land, and a neighborsaid of him, that
he believed " if the cap'n owned all Paradise he
would quarrel with the devil just for a little strip
more for a hog pasture !" Have we not enough ?
Then let us not quarrel about any more little
strips. But, come what may, the North will stand
by the declaration of Henry Clay, and "no
earthly power can compel them to vote for the
positive introduction of slavery, either south or
north of that line," (36° 30 .)
1 do not propose to marshal the resources of the
free States, nor to consider how tolerable might
be their condition when left alone, or after the
withdrawal of the slave States, and the accession
of the Canadas and other British provinces—the
failure of the first being the only possible hinder-
ance to the last—but 1 wish to make a way-side
remark touching the threat of sending certain
States to " Coventry."
I know it is the fashion of some parties to sneer
at New England, to talk of a reconstruction of a
Union with this part left out," sloughed off;" but
this imbecile spite does not even excite pity. It
Will be found that almost every free State has its
New England within its borders, and thus leav-
ened, some for aught I know, are in advance of
the Puritan stock. It is evident the political Jonah
would not be disposed of, even if " down east "
were to be thrown overboard. They remember
the fable of members rebelling against the head,
but will let others make the application. New
England makes no apology for the past, and will
indulge in no envy for the future; but having no
invincible sectional hatreds, if any can do better
than herself, she will bid them God speed. It
might be pertinent to remind those who flippantly
talk of ostracizing such a people,-that when the
old Greek philosopher was banished from Sinope,
he retorted: And I condemn you to stay in &inope.
