1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
Certainly Venrtont begs for no concessions, asks
rio guarantees. For yesirs and in her infancy she
stood alone, and such a doom, now in her matur-
ity, were it possible to be enforced, would have
no terrors for her, as almost each one of her in-
habitants possesses within their own homes the
means—industry and unconquerable will—of ab-
soluteindepcndence. She can both feed and clothe
herself with the plow, the loom, and the anvil,
no matter whether cotton or wool, flax or hemp,
These taunts do not arise from a positive dis-
like to the thrift of New England character, nor
to their eminence in all the highways of modern
civilization, for among the most seductive argu-
ments addressed by secessionists to Georgia, to
North Carolina, to Virginia, and to Maryland,
each in turn, we find this: that they will become
the new New England of the cotton heptarchy;
but the disgust arises from the obstinate vote of
New England; and, though I am for conciliation,
I cannot honestly say that I foresee any millen-
nium at hand when they will have repented of the
fanaticism they have so long manifested in the
persecution of theprophets of modern democracy,
as that party will, I fear, continue to furnish
abundant provocation.
There seems to be a tenacity of purpose, by
some amendment of the Constitution , to foist the
word slavery into that instrument, in order to se-
cure to it, by a prolific brood of logical inferences,
a higher degree of protection as property. Not
content with the language of the Constitution, it
is hoped to make the rose, not more aromatic, but
still entitled to higher consideration under another
name. I have not time to discuss the length and
breadth of this apparently very innocent propo-
sition,and will only say that the language of the
framcrs of the Constitution was well chosen, ex-
pressed all they intended, and all we intend now
and forever. Whether slaves are merely prop-
erty or persons, in the language of Sterne, " Dis-
guise thyself as thou wilf, still, slavery, said I,
still thou art a bitter draught."
The idea of a reconstruction of the Constitu-
tion held out by the architects of ruin, who now
bear despotic sway m the South, to those who
hesitate to break away from the ark of our cove-
nant, is a fraud in its southern aspect, as South
Carolina and the autocratic Yanceys have already
imperiously indicated, and wholly fallacious in
its northern aspect, as time will surely proclaim. j
The loaders in the cotton States mean something j
far different from a reconstruction, and nothing
less than revolution and its coiisequone.es have !
been invoked from the outset. They may snatch j
some parts of our system of gpvernmrnt; but, |
like the fortresses they have siezed, they will be !
converted to unwonted uses; and, stiff with the !
embroidery of new devices, seek protection no
longer against majorities, but against minorities. -
Once escaped from the power of majorities, good
care will be taken that minorities are henceforth j
handcuffed.
But, to suppose that nineteen free States would j
consent to give slavery gicater power or privi- j
leges, under a reconstruction of the Constitution,
than was consented to seventy years ago, when 1
there was but one free State, is simply absurd. |
It is a libel upon the age. Who will contend that, j
though all other nations have been steadily ad- !
vanclng to a higher plane of freedom, the Amci- '
ican people have relapsed from their own key-
note.' While the North does not, and will not, •
seek to retract or avoid any point 111 the present '
compact, if the question is ever opened, it would 1
be all opened; and property represented oil one
side of Mason and Dixon's line would be on the
other, or none at all. Open all these questions,
and the grievances of the North, now dumb, would
find voice,and, unless redressed by constitutional
guarantees, relief would be snatched in the sepa-
ration already offered. There is no reactionary
.spirit that can extort greater submission lo sla-
very from the present age than was concedcd by
Franklin and Sherman, Hancock and Adams.
it the South would live in peace and escape the
agitation of the subject of slavery, they have only
to cease thrusting forward their aggressive policy 1
of its extension—a policy that cannot escape the
stern and enlightened resistance of all Christen-
dom. In a speech made by me at the last session
of Congress, I showed that the South already
enjoyed her full share of territory in proportion to ;
her population, and that, should all the remainder
be appropriated to the use of the North, jt would
be only at last a fair and equal division. There
is no inequality or injustice to slaveholders in the
exclusion of slaves from the Territories. As the
London Times aptly suggests, " the South is not
to be excluded from Territories unless the South-
rons consider themselves in the light, not of slave-
holders, but of slaves."
Mr. Speaker, I speak not of the sacrifice of
blood and treasure it cost to create our present
Union—not of the glories in its civil history; not
of its eminent prowess in military and naval ex-
ploits; not of its grandeur and power among the
great nations of the earth; not of its accumula-
tions of legal learning; nor yet of the illuminated
chapters in its administrative precedents, to all
of which, though American character is only yet
in the bud, secession bids adieu forever; but! will
ask, what highergauge of prosperity can a south-
ern military republic hold out than we have wit-
nessed and now hold within our grasp in these
United States ? In what part of the world is labor
more remunerative, or wealth less impeded by
taxation ? Is there any denial of this in the plant-
ing States? Why, sir, they have incontestably
grown rich. Have not the number of their slaves
quadrupled, and their value more than quadru-
pled, in threescore years and ten ? The advance
of the American people in national and individual
wealth—the standing marvel oftlie world—is such
that it has for forty years attracted, and still con-
tinues largely to attract, the enterprising- emigrant
from every nation and tongue on the globe. The
average scale of the comforts of life here obtained,
the enjoyments incident to cultivated society here
so widely diffused, find no parallel in any other
land. These things may be bravely altered, but
are they likely to be altered for the better? New
inventions do not always enthrone the inventors.
While it is obvious that no single right which is
now claimed to be withlrcld can be secured through
the doors of secession, the only new right which
will belong to this attitude, will be the right to
make war upon the United States.
Let me appeal, then, to all parties, to try to live
under that Union a little longer which has not
only secured our property, guarded so well all our
material interests, but which has received the'eom-
mendation of the enlightened world and given to
us a name not surpassed in all the monuments of
histoiy. Give us another span of seventy years,
and prolong the hopes of mankind in the possi-
bility of man's powerof self-government. Do not
let us break up the model with which patriots,
though with unequal steps, in conliguous as well
as far distant countries, have struggled and are
struggling to mold institutions like those among
which our own still live the leading example.
But if all our attempts to put off the evil day shall
fail, and this matchless form of free Government
is to be put to the extremest peril, it will rally all
the vigor remaining in its Constitution in behalf
of self-preservation. It cannot abnegate its power,
and it will not die willingly. The great heart of
the nation will confront all dangeisj"and suivive,
I trust, to covcr friends and foes with countless
blessings.
Mr. EDWIN R. REYNOLDS. Mr. Speaker,
having had but little experience in legislative
assemblies, 1 have hesitated long before asking
the attention of the House to my views on the
present unhappy and alarming condition of our
public aflairs. But I feel, sir, that, in a time of
general disturbance and commotion like this levo-
lutionary epoch through which wc are now pass-
ing, no one, however humble or obscure, is to be
pardoned for neglecting to contribute his mite
toward a proper elucidation of the weighty ques-
tions under discussion, looking to a speedy, safe,
and satisfactory adjustment of our national diffi-
culties.
And, on the threshold, I am met by a peculiar
difficulty. There appears, sir, to have arisen an
ugly controversy in our midst, which has not only
divided and disiuptcd the Republic of Washing-
ton, but has kindled the lurid and baleful fires of
domestic insurrection and of civil war m more
than one locality of our fail-and hitherto peaceful
and most highly-favored land.
I seem, sir, to have been listening, for two
months past, to powerful efforts of argument and
oratory on all sides of this House, and in the other
branch of Congress, to satisfy the country that |
the extension of slavery in the Territories, and its
protection everywhere under the authority of the
national flag, was the first and paramount consti-
tutional duty of the United States Government;
or that such protection and extension is uncalled
for afid unconstitutional. 1 seem to have heard
of the secession of at least six of the States of this
Confederacy on account of our failure to comply
with the demands and to do the behests of this
institution of human bondage; and I have all along
innocently supposed that the question of the pro-
tection of slavery by the national Government,
or of its being confined to and protected only by
the several States wherein it exists by force of
local law, was the great, foremost, prominent,
serious, and all-absorbing question of the hour;
and that upon its speedy, conciliatory, and just
solution, hung the very destinies of the Republic
for all coming time. Judge, then, sir, what was
my surprise on hearing it said, but a day or two
since, by the very distinguished Senator from
New York, that" the matter is disposed of; the
people have gravely and deliberately determined
against slavery extension, and it is no longer a
practical question."
Sir, I am surprised, bewildered, dumfounded.
Do my senses serve me? Is this perilous com-
motion really attributable to some other cause
than the agitation for and against slavery exten-
sion? Have not South Carolinaand Georgiaand
Alabama and Louisiana and Florida and Texas
openly seceded from the Confederation on this
account, and on this account only? And do not
several other States hang trembling in the balance?
Have not our forts and vessels been seized, our
arsenals invaded, and our mints robbed, by men
and States in arms, justifying themselves only on
the ground that- the Republican party has come
into power on the avowed sentiment of hostility
to the further extension and legalization of slavery?
Has not our flag been fired into, our mails been
rifled and intercepted, our commerce on the Mis-
sissippi obstructed for the same ostensible cause?
Is not the public mind to-day, North and South,
convulsed, as never before in the whole history
of the Union, on this mighty subject? On what
other point did the recent elections turn in Yiiginia
and in Tennessee? Whatelse crowds the burst-
ing columns of the daily and weekly journals
wherever published? Ay, sir, what other topic
now feeds the thunders of the London Times, or
attracts more undivided attention from Loid Pal-
inerston and Lord John Russell, and from the
ministry of Louis Napoleon and other European
Governments, than this? And yet, "it is no
longer a practical question !"
With all deference to superior wisdom and ex-
perience, I cannot, for one,acquiesce in this con-
clusion. Sir, we cannot overlook primary causes
and impelling motives, if we would. Not by cov-
ering up, or in an y way ignoring the laws of na-
ture; not by closing our eyes and saying the sun
no longer shines; not by stopping our ears and
imagining that sound no longer exists, can we
overturn or avoid the consequences of the vivify-
ing potential laws and agents, the great existing
facts of the universe around us.
Nor can we successfully copc with the most
difficult political problem of modern times by pre-
tending to exclude the primary propelling moral
forces and opinions which underlie the whole
subject-matter. J\"on sic tantas componere liies.
INo, sir; not thus can this tremendous crisis be
succesfully treated; not thus can the spirit of dis-
order, insurrection, and rebellion, be successfully
quieted orsubdued. Have we yet to learn, m this
advanced day of high culture and civilization, that
the world is moved by ideas, and by ideas alone ?
If so, we have read history to little purpose. The
voice of reason, the monitions of conscience, the
teachings ofordinary prudence and common sense,
as well as the highest considerations of public
safety, all alike loudly demand that this in- Mating,
disturbing, pcrpetually-recurringquestion ofnues-
tions, should be put to rest, finally and forever.
How, sir, shall it be done? Following, then, the
example of all around me, as well as the dictates
of my own judgment, J shall continue to regard
the picsent and prospective legal status of African
slavery on this continent as the mighty problem
to he solved before peace, quiet, and permanent
happiness anil general prosperity can be icstorcd
to the American people, and the dark and gloomy
portents of the times can be dissipated.
