48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
tion with it; can in no way influence the question
of where slavery shall be, or where it shall go,
or whether it shall be carried into our new Ter-
ritories, or even from the question of the admis-
sion of a. State, whether it be free or slave.
How; can that be done ? Sir, I do not wish to be
understood as presenting any view to which I
shall adhere with tenacity. I throw out general
views for what they are worth. I am so con-
vinced of the wisdom and the true policy of main-
taining this Confederacy entire, that I will resort
to any honorable expedient, any reasonable meas-
ure to save it. I think the people of the North
would go very much further than their represent-
atives on the Republican side believe, in order to
accomplish this desirable end. If needs be, sir,
let the territory be divided from ocean to ocean;
north of which slavery shall not go, south of
which it shall not be disturbed. Let us have a
deep gulf or a high wall between the North and
South on this subject. If that will not allay the
demon of discord, then, instead of the present
provision that Congress may admit States into
the Union—which alone will induce a certain
class of people to bo anxious to elect anti-slavery
men, in order that they may keep out a slave
State—I say, let the Constitution describe a State,
fix its population and other elements, and pro-
vide for its admission by a proclamation of the
President upon the establishment of the facts.
Then, sir, the North would be separated from
this question; the North and the South, on this
disturbing element, would be entirely free of each
other; while all the othei relations would remain,
and this great Government go on performing its
functions. We s'hould retain its power, its prow-
ess, its dignity, and its influence in the world.
Perhaps less radical changes may do. If so, all
the better.
The President of the United States, with pa-
triotic desire to settle this question, has suggested
what lie supposed would be sufficient for'the ex-
igency. I must say, and 1 say it with regret, that
1 do not think his remedies will meet the ease, 1
think, deeper ami wider than the remedy. In the
first place, the points presented by him embrace
the controverted points over which panics have
struggled for years; the very source over which
the bitter struggle for ascendency was made m
the late presidential contest. And I can see no
reason to anticipate their adoption by the dnm-
in-.tnt party in the North. Nor do 1 think they
would reach the seat of the disease if they were
adopted; for my belief is, this war of crimination
and recrimination is the sent of this disease; and
if you want permanent peace, you must strike at
the seat of the disease; you must separate the
lion-slaveholding States from the question of sla-
very, in order that the, question may have no rest-
ing-placc m the northern mind.
Honorable Senators yesterday said the hearts
of men must be changed. The hearts of men
ought to he changed. 1 trust in God's name that
many of them will be changed; but that is no
work for politicians or Senators. It will be idle
to hope for an escape in that way. You must
separate the agitating cause, if you expect those
men who are bitterly anti-slavery to drop the
subject. I am of those who think they ought to
have done so long ago. No man has given that
feeling less countenance than myself 1 have
never been in a political struggle in my life that
the rights of the South were not a leading issue;
and never fallen that I did not fall by the weight
of a southern issue.
But, Mr. President, I do not know that I can
usefully pursue this subject further. I desire to
say, however, in reference to my own State, not-
withstanding its vote for the Republican candi-
date at the late election, that it is a conservative
and a just State; that our southern friends can
rely with confidence upon the future action of that
State. If they ask redress in the form in which
1 have indicated, or any other on which the people
can act separate from other considerations, I have
not u doubt that they would give all the guaran-
tees which any reasonable southern man would
demand.
It may be said that, in a minority, as I am, I
am not warranted thus to speak, for I should not
be regarded as authority; but, sir, every man of
intelligence m my State knows that other potent
influences than the mere distinctive principles of
the Republican party weighed in the late election.
There were a complication of influences against
us, and among them the most potent, next to
this slavery agitation, was the* question of the
tariff. The operatives in the manufacturing es-
tablishments and the mines away down in the
earth ha9 felt and believed that the policy of the
Democratic party was prejudicial to their inter-
ests; and at the late election, though they were
naturally with the Democratic party, they voted
in a body against us. I doubt not that that vote
was forty thousand in the State. No man is war-
ranted, therefore, in assuming that the State of
Pennsylvania will adhere to the distinctive doc-
trines of the Republican party. 1 do not believe
a distinctive issue on the " irrepressible conflict,"
as usually interpreted in that State, would get
one hundred thousand votes. No war of aggres-
sion is intended by the people of that State. She
will respond promptly to any demand for consid-
eration and for redress made in the proper spirit
by her sister States; and I doubt not she will
avoid even the appearance of wrong by discard-
ing certain of her statutes, which, though in the
main a dead letter, have been made the subject of
complaint.
But, Mr. President, I should bo glad, indeed,
if Senators on the other side—those who speak
for the dominant party—would indicate what their
present views are. I think, sir, in the imminent
peril that surrounds us, they ought to do at least
this. It is-no ordinary occasion. It is notatimo
when men may stand upon a mere partisan vic-
tory. What is a party victory if the country is
to be torn by violence, by riot, and mobs, in your
commercial cities, on questions of employment
and bread? What is a party triumph worth if
the Government should not endure' Sir, it is
worse than n delusion.
I know, Mr. President, the grave responsibili-
ties that attach to what I say. I may be laughed
at for much that I have uttered. Be it so. I
would not have uttered it if I did not feel that the
times require that every man, regardless of con-
sequences, should perform his part. I shall only
repeat, therefore, that in the remaining pai t of my
brief official career here, whatever it maybe pos-
sible for me to do to adjust these unhappy diifer-
enres, ! shall do. I am not entirely despondent.
I cannot bring my mind to realize a separation of
these States, much less calmly to contemplate the
consequences which would follow.
Sir, let us, as one man, address ourselves to this
subject. Why should our friends from the far
South desire to separate from those in the North
who have so long stood by them? Why, gentle-
men, more men in the States of New York and
Pennsylvania alone espoused your cause in the
late contest than can be found in all the States that
are talking of separating from the Union. A mil-
lion and a half of voters have, in a large measure,
identified themselves with you in the issue against
the black Republican party; and it is my impres-
sion that, if this form of government remains,
and the same issues are to be made four years
hence, the Republican party, with its sectional
flag, will be driven to the wall as completely as
any party ever was driven in this country. I am
no prophet, nor the son of a prophet; but I pre-
dict that it is the last victory the Republican party
will ever gain. Let us remain together, then; let
us contend for your rights within the Constitu-
tion and the Union, ami in a short time you who
are now desponding and complaining and threat-
ening disruption, will be the triumphant party;
you and your friends north will control the Gov-
ernment once more; and long ere that, I solemnly
believe,if the effort be made in the right direction,
the people of this country will give all the guar-
antees that the South, upon full reflection, will
demand.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, like the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] who ad-
dressed the Senate yesterday, I am not willing to
vote for the resolution offered by the Senator from
Kentucky; and I desire briefly, in justification of
my vote, to set myself right before my constitu-
ents; and I shall, therefore, give to the Senate
and the country the reasons which influence my
action.
The purpose of this proposition is to submit
all the difficulties which now exist in the public
mind to a committee of thirteen. I do not ex-
actly understand the object that is either intended
or expected to be attained by the raising of this
committee. It has not been explained by the hon-
orable Senator who moved it, nor by any per-
son who has addressed the Senate in advocacy
of the resolution. I do not understand whether
congressional legislation is to be invoked to re-
lieve us from the impending danger and difficulty
which threaten the Republic, or whether consti-
tutional amendments are to be proposed to the
States by the two Houses of Congress. I am
not advised what is expected from this commit-
tee; but, sir, whatever may be the object, (aiul
it can certainly come but in one of two forms,
either in the shape of congressional legislation,
or in the shape of amendments to the Constitu-
tion,) in whatever form it may come, whatever
design or object may be contemplated by the
mover of the proposition and its friends, I have
no confidence whatever in the accomplishment of
any good result from it.
Now, sir, let us look at this question from a
reasonable and common-sense stand-point. Is it
designed to frame congressional legislation to re-
move the objections which the sou tliern States have
to remaining in the Union ? Is it designed to in-
troduce congressional legislation for the purpose
of protecting the rights and equality of the south-
ern States more than they are now protected by
the present Constitution and the present laws ? If
so, what is the congressional legislation proposed ?
So far as the fugitive slave law is concerned, and
the rights of the southern people to the recapture
and reclamation of their fugitive slaves, and the
obstructions and difficulties, insurmountable dif-
ficulties, which aie presented to the execution of
that law by the vitiated public sentiment of the
northern States, what more can Congress do than
Congress have already done ? We have a fugitive
slave law of which the South does not complain.
It is one sufficiently guarded and sufficiently strin-
gent to accomplish all the objects for which it
was designed, if there was a proper public senti-
ment prevailing in the northern States. No better
fugitive slave law could be devised by this Con-
gress or any other. It lias every provision which
the South has ever asked or demanded. Itclothes
the judiciary and Executive of this Government
with ample powers to execute the law, as much,
at any rate, as could be put into the hands of
those two departments of the Government. We
do not complain that any Executive heretofore
has ever been derelict in the discharge of his duty
in the execution of this law. Mr. Fillmore was
the President when the law was passed, and it
received his sanction; and I am ready to say here
in my place in the Senate, that, so far as he was
concerned, I believe lie carried it out in good faith.
So did General Pierce; so has the present Execu-
tive done. So far as they have had it in their
power to execute this law, i#has been done faith-
fully, I believe, by every Executive.
But, sir, how has it performed its duty ? How
has it accomplished its object? We know well
that no slave has ever been reclaimed under it
from the northern States, except under circum-
stances of the greatest difficulty and danger to the
owner, and sometimes even attended with the
loss of life. This is not owing to a defect in the
law, but to the fact to which no sensible and im-
partial man can shut his eyes, that the " irre-
pressible-conflict" idea, the vitiated public senti-
ment of the northern States, is so strong against
slavery that no law Congress could enact would
ever be executed while that public sentiment lasts.
We all remember the case of Gorsuch in Penn-
sylvania—m the conservative State of Pennsyl-
vania, represented so worthily by my distin-
guished friend on my left, [Mr. Bigler,]—and
even recently in the other conservative State,
New Jersey, which did, to some extent, reclaim
itself from the imputation of being an abolition
State, in the late election; even there, the law has
not been executed, but a recent occurrence ex-
hibits its total inadequacy to perform its office.
And so in every other of the free States. It is
true that now and then a fugitive slave is re-
claimed in the northern States; but it has to be
done at the point of the bayonet, and at an ex-
pense of ten times the value of the slave, to the
owner and the Government. Why is it? Not
because the law is defective; but, as I said, be-
cause public sentiment is defective.
ATor, sir, do I charge the failure of the execu-
tion of this law upon the personal liberty bills, of
which so much complaint Las been made. No,
