THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, AVASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress., 2d Skssiox.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1861.
New Series No. 64.
We are met, in limine, with various ingenious
propositions, calculated, at leiui in the minds of
their authors, to settle our difficulties. Almost
every man has his specific, his nostrum, his cata-
plasm, his life pills, or some other empirical emol-
lient for the occasion. But, sir, in my humble
judgment, all such temporizing expedients and
prescriptionsare worse than useless. Utterly vain
and illusory is it to dream of effecting a cure for
the suffering body-politic, in these last convulsive
and deadly throes of imminent dissolution, with-
outgomgat once to the inmost root of the disease.
Mr. Speaker, there are precisely two methods,
and only two, of healing this raging disorder that
is crazing the brain and consuming the body of
the State and nation One course is to go on, as
the Administration has so far been doing, yield-
ing to the threats and insulting demands of the
armed traitors who openly avow their fixed res-
olution to finally break up and destroy our Gov-
ernment, and our free institutions as well; sub-
mit to the robbery of your mails, of your mints,
of your arsenals, of your ships; cringe and
shrink like cowards under the attacks on your
flag, the hitherto glorious and invincible stars and
stripes, at the bare sight of which, always here-
tofore, the heart of every American has leaped
up with an irrepressible impulse of pride and
loyalty, but which now seems to be dishonored
and retreating before the attack of every con-
temptible mob which chooses to flout and insult
it. Incorporate your new guarantees in favor of
slavery in to the Constitution; suppress free speech;
muzzle your free press; chain up your free pul-
pits; pass your sedition laws; give your slave-
holders' court the power of sending a citizen into
another Statu to be tried by a court and jury for-
eign to him, for the crime of having written, or
spoken, or printed, words that may be constiued
by that foreign court or jury to have been in-
tended to be incendiary; do all this at the bidding
of King Cotton, and, as we have been graciously
told, a part of the slaveholding States may deign
to " take into consideration what they will do."
I will admit that it is not impossible, if you will
do all that, that even the Gulf States might be
coaxed back to assume the reins of Government
over us; though I suppose we may fairly take
their word when they say they will never come
back into any sort of fellowship with free States.
In a speech before the late State convention, m
Alabama, Mr. Yancey said:
"Mi. President, I avow myself as utterly, unalteiabjy
opposed lo any and ail plans ot icconstruetinga Union with
the Black Republican States of the North. No new guai-
antees, no amendments of the Constitution, no peaceful
resolutions, no jepeal of offensive laws, can ofter to me
anj, the least, inducement to reconstruct our relations with
the non-slaveholdmg States. This opinion is not founded
on anj objection to a confederation with States north of
Mason"fMtd Dixon's line, on principles mutually agreeable
t« thetn ; hut it is founded on the conviction that the dis
ease which pieys on the vitals of the Federal Union does
not emanate fiom any defect in the Federal Constitution,
but from a deeper source—the hearts, heads, and con-
sciences of the northern people. They aie educated to be-
lieve s>laveiy to be a icligious as well as a political wiong."
Mr. Jefferson Davis also says, the day for com-
promise is past. He will have no conciliation,
lie will have us " smell southern powder and feel
southern steel." They spurn your concessions.
They despise yourfricndship. They will have no
reconstruction. Ah! sir, when all this is done,
there will be no more free States to be anxious
about their liberties. Then, do all this, and " or-
der will again reign in Warsaw."
Sir, there is another method by which a settle-
ment may be secured, and which, I must say,
I altogether prefer; and that is, in short, to sup-
port and stand by the present Constitution and
the present Union, and secure the enforcement
of the laws as they are. "VVhv should we alter
or amend the Constitution? fiave we not lived
for seventy years or more under its provisions,
as framed by the fathers; prospered beyond all
the nations of the world; all the time making
such progress in the arts of peace, in commerce,
in husbandry, in mechanics, in manufactures, in
public education, in civil and religious liberty, as
64
has been a prodigious marvel, not only in our
own eyes, but in those of the whole inhabitable
globe? And shall we have the rash temerity, in
fright, in haste, under the pressure of menace, to
undertake to amend it? To fumble and tinker
with its time-honored provisions? To lay our
hasty hands upon the ark of the covenant which
has guided us so long safely and happily through
the arid wilderness of party strife, of extraordi-
nary expansion of territory, of pro-slavery fanat-
icism, of Democratic corruption and misrule, and
of piratical fillibustering upon unoffending sister
Republics ? Does it not seem the part of wisdom
—admitting the necessity of some alterations in
the fundamental law of the land, at the proper
time, and in the proper manner—that these should
be sought and obtaincdtieliberately and with great
caution, scrupulously conforming to the method
prescribed in the present Constitution itself for
its own alteration? Let us do nothing precipi-
tately and without all due deliberation. Let us
be perfectly certain, in the first place, that the
people really desire a change in the Constitution;
and secondly, that there is a reasonable probabil-
ity of a concurrence of three fourths of the States
in the projected amendments. In a matter of
this immense consequence to the welfare of the
present and of future generations of our vast, out-
spread, majestic empire, certainly, if ever, should
be followed the scriptural injunction, " let all
things be done decently and m order." Any con-
gressional compromise that could be produced at
this session must necessarily be hasty, immature,
crude, and impel feet, and would fall short of meet-
ing the conditions of the present emergency; for
we have noted m vain the events and discussions
of the time, if we are not satisfied that the seces-
sion fever will run its appointed course with entire
disregard of what may or can be done by this Con-
gress, and even of the recorded opinions of man-
kind here or elsewhere.
Again, sir, the people did not elect gentlemen
here to change the Constitution. They expected
no such thing of us. They did not anticipate any
state of things which would render such a pro-
ceeding necessary or judicious. To do it, then,
would clearly seem to be a superfluous overstep-
ping of our legitimate functions. If the Consti-
tution must be changed, let the people do it. Let
them elect men especially commissioned for the
purpose. So shall it be done in accordance with
their judgment and wishes, and in some reason-
able degree of compliance with the due proprieties
and decorum properly connected with so grave
and consequential a procedure. Sir, 1 am opposed
to all congressional changes in the Constitution,
whatever.
We are asked to adopt the Crittenden amend-
ments, or some compromise substantially amount-
ing to the same thing. What aie these Critten-
den resolutions, about which we hear so much
said? I reply: they arc the Breckinridge and J*ane
platform incorporated into the Constitution of the
United States. We aie called upon to do what
even the Douglas Democracy refused only last
April to do at Charleston; to consentto even more
than the Charleston seccders then thought of de-
manding. In order to make this plain at a glance.
I will read, in connection, fust, the three chief
articles of the Breckinridge platform, and then
the main proposition of the Crittenden compro-
mise:
}3re< kvnridgr Platform. Crittenden Compromise.
1. That the government o* Rcsolvo! ly the Semite awl
a territory otganized by an House of Representatues,
act ot Congiev^ltfpiov isional That the following article
and temijouirv ; and during be proposed and submitted
its existence, all citizens ot as an amendmentto the Con-
the United Stales have an stitufion.wlneh shall bo valid
equal right to settle with aa paitof the Constitution,
their propeity in the Tcirito- when iatified by the conven-
ry, withouttheirrightseither tionsof three toutths of the
of peison or piopeity being people ot the States:
destioyfd oi impaiied by con- First. In all the Teriitories
gressional or tentorial legis- now or hereafter acquired
lati'on. north ot latitude .56° 3l)',shi-
2. That it is the ciut> of the very or involuntary &ervi-
Fijileial Government, in all tu<le, except tor the punieh-
lts depairinents, to protect, ment of ci nne, is piohibited ;
when necessary, the lights of while in all the teiritorysouth
persons and property in the of that latitude, slavery is
Territories and wherever hereby recognized as exist-
ed its constitutional author- in«r, and shall not be intim-
ity extends. fered with by Congress, but
.1. That when the settlers shall be protected as property
in a Territory having an ad- by ail departments of the ter-
equate population, foim a ritorial government during its
State constitution in pursu- continuance. Al! the torri-
nnee of law, the right of sov- tory north or south of said
ereignty commences, and, line, within such boundaries
being consummated by ad- as Congress may prescribe,
mission into theUnion, they when it contains a popula-
stand on an equal footing tion necessary for a member
with the people of other of Congress, "with a repubh-
Statcs; and the State thus can formofgovernment.«l all
organized ought to be admit- be admitted into the Union
ted into the Federal Union, on an equality with the oii-
whethcr its constitution pio- gmal States, with or without
hibits or recognizes the insti- slavery, as theeonstitutimiof
tution of slavery. the State shall prescribe.
Sir, it would be shameful, dishonorable, dis-
graceful, suicidal, for Republicans to listen for a
moment to these propositions. They can never
receive the assent of the people of the Noith,
much less of the Republican party. Slavery re-
quires further and greater guarantees than "Wash-
ington, Madison, Jefferson, were willing to give
it. It will have additional protection, or it will
dissolve the Union t It asserts itself to be a wise,
humane, just, and beneficent institution. It will
not be let alone. It will thrust itself upon us with
loud demands for new recognitions, new safe-
guards, new guarantees. Why should it? What
is it that asks this new protection ? Let its own
courts answer. I take no northern anti-slaveiy
definitions; but go to its own records. In the case
of JNTeal vs. Farmer, (9 Georgia Reports,) the
court decided that if there was no statute pro-
hibiting it. it was not a crime to kill:
u Licensed to hold slave pioperty, the Geoigia planter
held the s-lave as a chattel; and whence did he deuvetule ?
Either directly fiom the slave trader, or horn those who neld
under him, and he iroin the slave captor m Airica. The
pioperty in the slave in the planter became, thu-, ju^t tiie
pioperty of the original captor. In the absence oi anv stat-
utoiy limitation on that property, he holds it as unquali-
fiedly as the first proprietor held it, and his title and the
extentof his piopeity were sanctioned by the Usage of na-
tions which had grown into law. There is no sensible
account to be given of property m -.laves here hut this.
What weio, then, the rights of the African chief in the slav,:
which he had captured in war? The slave was his to $cU}
or to give, or to kill."
Again: the North Carolina supreme court, in
the case of the State vs. Mann, (2 Dovereux's
Reports, page 268.) Mann was indicted for
wounding a slave woman; and the question was,
whether a man could assault a negro. There was
no statute punishing it, and the question was*
does the common law protect the slave? The opin-
ion was delivered by Judge Rufftn. He says:
'• Slavery has indeed been assimilated at the bar to the
other domestic relations, and aiguniMUs drawn from the
well-established principles which confcr and test nun the
authority of the parent over the child, the tutor over the
pupil, the master over the apprentice, have been piesscd on
us. The comt does not recognize their application. There
is no likeness between the cases. They aie in opposition
to each other, and there is an impassable gulf between
tliein. The difference is that which fwi&ts between free-
dom and slavery, aud a greater cannot be imagined. In the
one, the end in view i  the happiness of the youth, bom to
equal rights with that governor on whom the duty devolves
of tiaming the joung to usefulness, in a station which he
is alterwaid to assume among freemen. To such an *nd,
and with such an object, moral and intellectual instruction
seein the natural means; and, tor the most pan, they aie
found to suttee. Modeiate futce i- supeiadded only to make
lheotheiselUicUi.il. If that fad. it is bettor to leave the
party to his own head>tiong passions and the ultimate coi-
reetum of the law, than to allow it to be immoderately in-
flicted by a piivate per-xm. With Mavorj it far other-
\\ i e. The end is the profit of the master, his security and
the public safety ; the subject, one doomed, in his own per-
son and his posterity, to live without knowledge, and with-
out the capacity to make anything his own, and to to([ that
anothet tuav reap the iruit-.. What inoiai eonsideiations
shall be addicted to such a being, to convince, him ot wnat
it is impossible but that tiie most nupid mint fuel and know
can never be true—thathc i-< thus to labm upon a puncsplc
of natural duty, or for the sake ot his own peisonal hap-
piness? Such service® can onlv be expected lioin one wtio
has no will of his own ; who surrender-* his wilt in implicit
obedience to that of another. Such obedience it> the eon-
sequence only of unconti oiled authority over the body.
There is nothing el>e which can operate to pioduce the
effeet. The power of the mustei must be absolute, to ten-
der the submission of the slave perfect.
e I mor-t freely confess my sense of the harshness of this
proposition; I feel it as deeply as any man can. And as
a punciplc of moral right, cyeiy peibQti in his retirement
