18H0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
Union, at the tail end of which they must live or
follow our example and join our confederacy,
they may find elements in that constitution and
union that may strike at some of then' peculiar
interests.
I understand one of the motives which influence
the tardy action of these two States. They are
a little afraid of the opening of the African slave
trade, and the cheapening- of negioes. Now, sir,
while I state here that I am opposed to the open-
ing of the African slave trade, becausc our ne-
groes will increase fast enough, God knows, for
our interest and protection and security; and
while I believe that the great masses of the south-
ern people are opposed to it, yet I will not stand
security that, if the cotton States alone form a
confederacy, they will not open the African slave
trade; and then what will become of the great
monopoly of the negro market which Virginia
and Maryland and North Carolina now possess?
I only throw out these suggestions. I give no
advice. My maxim through life has been never
to give advice unless I am asked for it, and never
to ask advice without taking it. So, sir, I do not
intend to arrogate to myself the province or the
privilege of giving advice to those great States.
But, sir, so far as the-JDistrict of Columbia is
concerned, 1 want to say to the people here, in
all kindness, that if Maryland secedes from the
Union and joins us, as she ought to do, in my
humble conception, and a southern confederacy
be formed of ail the slave States, 1 see no reason
why Washington city should not be continued
the capital of the southern confederacy. [Laugh-
ter and applause in the galleries.] Here are the
buildings ready to our hands. The facilities of
traveling, railroads, and telegraphs, have anni-
hilated time and distance, as it were, and our
extreme southern Senators and Representatives
would as soon come to Washington to legislate
for our republic as they would even to the central
State of Georgia. Poi one, sir, I would be in
favor of continuing Washington as the seat of our
government. [Laughter in the galleries.] Some
people laugh—I do not know why—at that sug-
gestion. It is a very important one to those people
who own brick and mortar in this city; for, sir,
goaded as we may be by the taunts of these peo-
ple here, and obstructed as we may be by the
tardy action of Virginia and Maryland in this
great movement, we may form our republic and
establish our seat of government so permanently
that it can never be removed; and then these
marble palaces, now teeming with life and luxury,
the habitations of beauty and elegance, instead
of echoing with the songs of mirth and melody,
will become the habitations of the bats and the
owls.
But, to go back to the original proposition—
this is a mere diversion—I tell you, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the question is settled in relation to this
great movement which is now progressing in cer-
tain of the southern States. I know the efforts
that are now being made to stay the hand of the
southern people, and to cool down the patriotism
which is burning within the southern heart; but
it will be ineffectual, sir. When the arbitrary
monarchical Government of Louis Philhppe, in
1848, had aroused the people of Paris to a sense
of their danger and to rebellion, and the barri-
cades of Paris were raised, and the masses of that
great city were upheaving in their majesty against
the arbitrary power of the monarchy, Louis
Phillippe saw his danger, and attempted to avert
it by changing his ministry. lie turned out M.
Guizot and nominated M. Thiers as his princi-
pal adviser. That he supposed would quiet the
dissensions which he saw rising around him; but,
sir, the words "too late," " too late," went all
through the streets of Paris. The next day, when
he found the streets barricaded, he abdicated the
throne in favor of his grandson, and made an
effort, through his friends, to obtain the regency
of his daughter, the mother of the Count of Paris.
When that was done, in the hope that he might
quell the insurrection then raising around him,
" the same words 4 too late' ran through all the ;
massesofParis,ringingoutin sepulchral tones like
the trump of the archangel summoning the dead
to judgment." So now, sir, you may tinker the
Constitution, if you please; you may propose j
concessions; you may suggest additional legisla- 1
tion; you may present additional constitutional
securities; you may attempt by all these ingenious
devices to stay the storm which now rages in the
southern States, to prevent that people from
marching on to the deliverance and liberty upon
which they are resolved; but, sir, the words " too
late" that ring here to-day will be reiterated from
mountain to valley in all tke South, and are now
sounding the death knell of the Federal Union.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President,! am greatly en-
couraged to hope well for the country, and the
continuance of the .Union, by the extraordinary
speech we have just heard; for if these be the
facts and the arguments with which disunion jus-
tifies itself, wc may well hope that reasons so
feeble will impart feebleness to the cause itself.
[Applause in the galleries.] I shall not follow
the Senator from Georgia in the long and dreary
tale of past controversies—controversies in re-
gard to territorial policy; in regard to the admis-
sion of States; in regard to tariff acts—but I shall
come to the present assertions of fact, wherein, it
seems to me, the Senator has passed beyond the
ordinary limits.
Why, sir, he said that he heard me declare in
this Senate that my right arm should fall from its
shoulder-blade before I would ever vote for the
protection of slave property in the Territories.
When did the Senator ever hear me say it?
Mr. IVERSON. Last winter, in the early part
of the session, or words to that effect.
Mr. PUGH, Why, sir, the journals of this
Senate show that I voted for the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. DavisJ side by
side with the Senator fiom Georgia. The Sen-
ator may not have heard me sayit; but I tell him
now, that when the people of any State, or any
organized Territory, or any organized commu-
nity, do not desire to have the institution of sla-
very, my right arm shall fall from its shoulder-
blade before I will force it upon them.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me,
perhaps £ have made a mistake as to the time.
He uttered that sentiment during the great debate
(I think on the 23d of February of last year)
which took place between the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Dams,] and others, while I was in
the chair. The Senator remembers the time; and
he will find that he said it.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, all that I said at that
time is recorded. I told the Senator then, as I
have told him now, that I never would, by Fed-
eral authority, compel any State or any Terri-
tory to accept the institution of slavery against
her will. On the other hand, if there be any State
or any Territory or any community that desiies
that institution, my right arm shall fall from its
shoulder-blade before I would vote for an act to
prevent them from having it. I tell the Senator
again, that the very resolution which he and
others offered here in this Senate, declaring what
should be the power and authority of the Federal
Government in regard to property in the Terri-
tories, received my vote, and it stands there on
the Juurnal of the Senate. More than that, if I
have a definite recollcction, the fourth resolution
—the third, 3 think it was—which declared that
all forms of property known to the laws of the
several States stood upon an equal footing in the
Territories, and everywhere else, so far as Fed-
eral jurisdiction is concerned—I think that was
the purport of it—also received my vote.
Now1, sir, I am coming to the other errors of
fact in which the Senator indulged. As 1 said, 1
do not wonder that the good people of Georgia are
misled, when a Senator who has sat here for five
years m this Chamber, seems to be so utterly at
fault in speaking of transactions occurring every
day in one half the country. The Senator told
us that the fugitive slave law was executed by
force of arms in the northern States. How many
times has it ever been executed by force of arms ?
Mr. IVERSON. Many times.
Mr. PUGH. Never in the State that I have
the honor m part to represent.
Mr. IVERSON. Was it not in the case of
Burns?
Mr. PUGH. That ia one. The Senator said
it was only executed by force of arms. Why,
sir, I live on the borders of slaveholding and non-
slaveholdmg States, and 1 tell him it is executed
every day, or nearly every day. It is so com-
mon an occurrence that it does not even collect a
mob of six men to look at it. It is in constant
operation.
Then, we are told that there are mobs. How
many? There never was but one mob in the
State which I have the honor to represent, and
! that was in the northern portion of it, and those
' very men were indicted and fined and impris-
1 oned; and when they were brought before five Re-
publican judges, claiming that their imprisonment
was illegal, those judges remanded them to prison.
But the Senator says, that while we have dis-
orderly persons who are interfering with the
rccapture of the slave, the great body of the com-
munity stand quietly by, or look on with derision.
Why, sir, any community may have a mob; any
: community may have its laws violated suddenly
J and without notice; but I tell the Senator that, so
far as the northwestern States are concerned,
there never has been an occasiort when the great
body of the community stood by and allowed
any such outrage as that—never. Instead of
giving real grievances to stand upon, it is by this
invention of history; it is by this assertion of
things as facts which are not facts; it is by de-
claring, as thoSenator from Georgia has done, •
that the people of the northern States have set on *
foot some policy in regard to the institution of
slavery in the southern States, that all this vast
cloud of passion and misrepresentation is raised
in both extremes of the country.
Now, sir, I do not believe that ninety-nine hun-
dredths of the men who voted for Mr. Lincoln
thought anything about the subject of slavery in
the States, or had any policy on the subject.
They were opposed to the introduction of slavery
into the Territories. They were in favor of a
feneral division of the offices and the plunder.
lany of them wanted protection to iron, and I
do not know what all; but most of them were
animated by a thorough hatred of the Democratic
party. But as for any policy in their minds bear-
ing upon the institutions of the southern States, I
believe this day, if the question were put in any.
shape, that even in New England, though I can-
not speak for her—in every State of the North—
there is a large majority of the people who are
opposed to any interference whatever.
Now, sir, passing by these alleged outrages,
passing by all thislong story ofthmgs twice told—
twice narrated—the Senator seems to glory in the
suggestion that this Union is now to be severed,
ana that all that remains is whether the good peo-
ple of the District of Columbia will have tlieir
effects administered by the northern tfr southern
branch of the concern.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him, and read his language on the
occasion to which I referred?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. Here is what the Senator
uttered on the 23d of February, 1859:
"Mr. Pugii. Mr. President, I am loth to go into this dis-
cussion, and I think it was all unnecessary; but when I
entered the Chamber this morning?, the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] was engaged in some very impas-
sionate demand on ccrtain Senators from the northern
States ; and when 1 desired to fcnow the nature of this de-
mand, not having been piesent in the early part of life
speech, I was referred to other Senators who heard it; but
I understood the Senator to demand from the representa-
tive* of the nortiiern States on this floor, whether they
would agree to the passage of an act of Congress to protect
slaves in the Territories taken there by the consent of their
masters against the local legislation ? I answer the Sena-
tor, unhesitatingly, never ; while I live, never."
Mr. PUGH. That is what I said. Now, why
did not the Senator read the whole of it when he
quoted it before? 1 say I never made the asser-
tion which the Senator charged me with this
morning. The assertion which I did acknowledge
to is here:
i( But T understood the Senator to demand from the rep-
resentatives of the uoithern States on this floor, whether
they would agree to the parage of an act of Congress to
protect slaves in the Temtories taken there by theconsrnt
of their masters against the local legislation."
That was the whole point of the question.
Mr. IVERSON. That is just what we of the
South demand: that no local legislation shall in-
terfere with our rights.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator had said I made
that declaration I should not have interrupted
him; but when he omits the material part of it,
and stands here to have his declarations go forth
to his constituents as expressing the temper of
northern Senators, I do think that I have a right
to complain of them. No man can be expected,
upon the sudden spur of a question, to make every
qualification. The Senator knows, he cannot
