1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
Government, and for all the people North and
South to cheerfully and cordially aid him in the
enforcement of the laws and the protection of
our flag.
^ t I
3. To give complete protection to the persons j
and property of all northern men visiting-and tem-
porarily residing in the slaveholding States, and i
especially to save northern men from hanging for |
no other crime than being- ministers and mission- ,
aries of the gospel. '
4. For Congress to abolish slavery in all the j
dock-yards, arsenals, and other places where it ;
has the right ant] jurisdiction to do so, and in this .
District, when the inhabitants shall desire it. !
When these compromises are conceded and j
agreed on, I think we may have peace on the j
slavery questions. j
All that the friends of civil and religious liberty
have to do in this crisis is to stand firm by their
faith, gather round and uphold thegoodold Con-
stitution of our fathers, and loyally defend the
Union they established. It seems to me that our
duty is very plain.
We are asked to make new laws. 1 answer,
there are too many already. Let the present laws
be enforced. Amend the Constitution ? Let the
people do it in the regular way, whenever they
think it desirable. I shall not object. No, sir;
obey the Constitution, and administer the laws
as they are, and all will be well. Stand by the
Union of our fathers. Rally under the glorious
folds of the stars and stripes; and the country
will be saved. And for the rest, let us " trust
in God, and keep our powder dry."
" Stand fur the right, 'mid the gloom and the soriovv,
Tnat hangs loweung over the pio-ppet to-day,
Foi the ti ulh will thine bu^htct and clearer to-morrow,
While darkness and doubt shall bo driven away.
Stand, a^ the lock of old Plymouth is standing,
Though lashed by the luiy of ocean so long;
'Twds a foothold mo<t fnm to the pilguni on landing,
And stands for his ehildien, now equally strong."
Messrs. ELY and McKEAN next addressed
the House. [Their speeches will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEWAliT, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pattow,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution to repeal a joint res-
olution approved June 15, 18G0, for the relief of
William H. De Grant.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the printing
of certain documents.
And then, on motion of Mr. VAN WYCK, (at
nine o'clock and thirty minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 19, 1861.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Sir. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to dis-
pense with the further leading of the Journal. It
is a lecitation of enrolled bills, bills referred, and
other such uninteresting details.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. Is there unani-
mous consent to dispense with the further read-
ing of the Journal? The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
PATENT LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Rig-
ler, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Wilson, the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S.No.lO) in addition to "An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts."
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.Nicn-
olson as a member of the committee of con-
ference upon the bill (H. R. No. 8fi4) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1862, in the place of Mr. Saulsbuivy,
who is absent.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RICE. The other day, when I presented
a. memorial to the Senate immediately following
one presented by my colleague, I stated that I
believed evidence would soon be scn.t he;*e to sat-
isfy the Senate thnt the people of the State of
Minnesota were for peace; that they were anxious
to have the vexed questions now disturbing the
country settled in an amicable manner; and I can
state now that I believe what I said then is soon
to bo verified. They are in hopes that the ques-
tion will be settled, and that the Union will be
preserved; but if separation must take place, I
believe it is the wish of nine tenths of the people
of that State that that separation shall be a peace-
ful one. Here is a memorial, signed by over one
half of the voters of the city of St. Paul. This is
in addition to one that I have already piesentcd;
and as there is a short letter accompanying it, I
ask that that may be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
St. Pacl, February 11, 1861.
De<ii Sir: May wc ask you to present, at an eaily day,
the accompanying memorial to Congress; tile entite me-
morial being signed by twelve hundred legal votcis of this
city, largely representing both political parties—all easily
obtained without a legular canvass of the city, which would
have incieased the number to at least two thousand.
The mcmoual was originated and largely signed by con-
servative Republicans.
The people aie anxious for an adjustment; for the pres-
ervation of the Union, if possible; and, <tt all events, for a
peaceful solution of the quarrel, if a separation is unavoid-
able. If we arc to have two Governments, matters will not
be mended by cutting each others' throats.
* * ********
Very truly, &c., THOMPSON & BROTHERS.
Hon. II. ISI. Rice, Washington.
Mr. RICE. 1 move that the memorial lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE also presented a memorial of citizens
of St. Anthony, Minnesota, praying for the ad-
justment of the sectional difficulties on the princi-
ples contained m the resolution of Mr. Critten-
den, or that of Mr. Rice; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of St.
Cloud, Minnesota, praying for the adjustment of
the sectional difficulties on the principles contained
in the resolution of Mr. Crittenden, or thatofMr.
Rice; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Stillwater, Minnesota, praying for the adjust-
ment of the sectional difficulties on the principles
contained in the resolutions of Mr. Crittenden,
or that of Mr. Rice; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, hundreds of
thousands of memorials have been presented to
the Senate,signed by men of every class and every
political party, praying Congress to take some
action to secure continued peace to the country,
and the permanency ofthe Union; but no action
has been taken. I have the honor and pleasure
of presenting this morning, a memorial from a
band of pure-minded and patriotic ladies in my
State—two hundred and twenty in number—who
live in the county of Cambna, on the Alleghany
mountains, in the pure atmosphere, twenty-five
hundred feet above the level of the sea, wiio, see-
ing the inaction of Congress and the impernled
condition of the country, have deemed it their
duty to send their prayer to Congress and see
whether it is not possible for them to produce
such action as will bring peace to the country. 1
will road briefly what they say:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States:
Gkn'i liEMEN : The undersigned ladies', of the borough of
Johnstown, Cambria county. Pennsvisvania, feeling a decj\
and abiding interest in the perpetuity of our coujit^v, do
mo>t earnestly and lesp^cuully a'sk your honoiablc bodies
to adopt, without delay, <-uni men^ines as ma> !«x neces-
sary to heal the threatening breach between the noithem
and southern States of ihi.-, (.'onlederacy, and thus insuie
the existence of oqr ^J;>uou-> Union fot,u?e" yet to come.
The demands of the eordei'slav States, asking constitu-
tional guarantees that'their lights ni the Union, shall be
piotected, and,no longer tiamph'd upon, seem toyoui peti-
tioner just and riglu, Giant them, and peace will again
be le^toied,, and our happy country move onward and up-
ward in a career of tno^yjrity uneqnalcd bvthe pa^t, and
your petitioners, as iU duty bound, will thank God for his
meiclos-
I move that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
M,r. JOHNSON, of Arkansas I hope there
are no more petitions
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are evi-
dently a good many more.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have one.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If I have the
right to object to the explaining and reading of-
petitions, 1 do so. You might as well sing psuhns :
to a dead horse [laughter] as to get up and read
these petitions, and consume all the little time left
of the morning hour, but about fifteen minutes. It
is too bad; and it is so every morning, and it will
continue to be so until the end of the session,
unless it is arrested in some way or other.
Mr. TEN EYCK. By the leave of the Sena-
tor, 1 should like to present a petition, without
any remark. I have a petition of more than six
hundred citizens of Jersey City, New Jersey,
praying Congress to stand by the Constitution as
it is, and to enforce a wholesome respect for the
Federal laws. I move that the petition lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I present a petition of
legal voters of Machias, Maine, and its vicinity,
without distinction of party, praying Congress to
adopt the measures of conciliation and compro-
mise submitted by me, or any similar plan which
will insure tranquillity and the peaceful perpet-
uity of the present American Union. I have no
speech to make; but I may say that these peti-
tions are about the best speeches I hear on this
floor on the subject.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of school district No. 10, in Bethany, Genesee
county, New York, without distinction of party,
requesting Congress to stand firm for the Union,
the Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of
the laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petitio n of citizens of Brook-
lyn, New York, praying Congress to stand firm
for the Constitution and the Government, and to
make no compromise whatever; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, in favor of the Union, the Constitution,
and the enforcement of all the laws; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania,representing that they have learned with
much concern that some of the people of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of their duty as good citi-
zens, are in open rebellion against the Constitu-
tion and laws thereof, and that some disposition
is manifested on the part of the Federal authori-
ties to compromise and negotiate with traitors,
and thus justify their treason; and earnestly pro-
testing against any and every compromise, either
by amendments to the Constitution or otherwise;
and praying Congress so to strengthen the heart
and hands of the Executive that he may'effect-
ually maintain the Government as it is.; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of J.
Arlington Bennett, inventor and patentee of a car
which may be used? lie .says, for civil and mili-
tary purposes, either on a railroad or in the open
countiy, or on'thc field of battle. He regards it
as a ver^ important and valuable invention. I
move its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD, I present, also, a petition
from the attorney general and others, of the State
of New York^including many distinguished citi-
zens—including Charles 0'Conor, Amos Dean,
and-others—in which they recite that " whereas
it hath lately become a most deplorable fashion
to send petitions and lamentations to Congress
upon the state of the country, which can in no
way mitigate the present evils, but tend rather to
weary and confuse tho minds of our honorable
and worthy legislators; and whereas we think that
the attention of Congress should be cfirected to
higher and more elevating subjects," your peti-
tioners therefore pray that Congress will enact
suitable and efficient laws against unmitigated
scribbling. [Laughter.] I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND LAWS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask leave to
call up a joint resolution, which I was instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to report last
year. I was directed to do so during the last ses-
sion of Congress, but it escaped my attention until
a very few days ago; and I now ask Us adoption
by the Senate. It is in regard to the purchase by
the Government of a certain compilation of the
laws applicable to all the land offices throughout
