1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the United States, and found to he peculiarly val-
uable for that purpose. The number is not to
exceed two thousand; and if that should not prove
sufficient, the Secretary is required then to select
those offices to which it is most important. I ask
that the resolution may be read; and that it may
be passed, if it suits the views of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution for information.
The Secretary read the joint resolution (S.
No. 39) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to purchase certain books, which was reported by
the Committee on Public Lands, with an amend-
ment to strikeout all after the enacting clause and
insert:
That the Secretary of the Interioi be and It hereby au-
thorized to purchase ufW. W.Lester such number oi'coptes
oi Lester's Land Laws, Regulations, and Decisions, as may
be necessary to t'mntsh one copy to each surveyor general,
register of a land office, and receiver of public money*, and
to every officer of the United States now entitled by law to
the laws of the United States, published by Little & Brown,
to be held for the use of their respective officer, at a price
not exceeding foni dollars per copy: Provided, however,
That no greater number of copies shall be purchabed than
tmiv be required by tlx* teuns above set forth, and shall in
no event exceed two thousand: And further. That if two
thousand shall prove to be insufficient to supply the offices
heicinbefoie fpeeitied, then it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Inteuor to select such proper offices for the
distribution as m bis judgment shall be deemed best for
the public inteiest.
Mr. HALE. I object to the resolution.
Mr. KING. I will inquire how many of these
land officers there are ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution must lie over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask the Senate to take
up a bill which lies on your table, sir, which I
am very anxious to have passed this morning,
and which will explain itself by the reading of a
very short leport.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Miuno be kind enough to pause ? The Chair
feels it due to the Senator from Arkansas, to say
that he supposed this was a leport made this
morning from a committee. The Secretary in-
forms him that it is not a report made this morn-
ing.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I was instructed
by the committee to ask the Senate to put it on
its passage this morning*. 1 reported it some con-
siderable time ago, but 1 have been instructed by
the committee to ask for its adoption now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A Mingle objection,
iheiefoie, the Chair thinks, will not at present
lay it over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to my
friend from Arkansas to lav it over a little while,
until I can look at it. I should like to inquire
into it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well. Of
course, I will not object to that.
SAMUEL ft. GItEEN,
Mi. FE^SENDEN. I hope (he Senate will
oblige me by taking up the bill to which I alluded
just now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 514) for the relief of Samuel S. Green,
was read twice, and consideied as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to remit the lines im-
posed by the Post Office Department on Samuel
Gieeu .of New Oi leans, while carrying the mail
on mute 3503,from New Orleans and other ports
on the Gulf of Mexico, to Key West, and back,
when lie failed to depart from or arrive at any
pint nam* d in his eontiact with the mails at pre-
cisely ".schedule time.'*
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the report.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Alley m the House of Representatives, by which i
it appears that Samuel 8. Green contracted with i
the Post Office Department, on the 20th of April, '
1853, to cairy the mail, on loutu 3503, fiom New ;
Otlearis, by Pensaeolu, Apalachicola, St. Mark's, j
Cedar Keys, and Tampa Bay, to Key West and j
back, twice a month, for $26,000 per annum. It i
was a new and untried route, upon a dangerous j
coast, deficient in buoys, lights, and guides, and !
the petitioner was unable to #iake, m all cases, I
schedule limetaometimes in consequence of rou^h I
weather, and m some instances on$ceaunt of the >'
prevalence of the yeiJow fever, in conae^jience
his pay to satisfy these lines. He now prays to
have these fines remitted, alleging that they arc
unjust, inasmuch as the delays were no fault of
his, but incident to the circumstances of the case,
over which he could have no control. It appears
in evidence that his successor was paid $42,000
per annum, and failed to make much nearer sched-
ule time than the petitioner. The Department
now pay for the same service about seventy-six
thousand dollars, and are subjected to occasional
delays. The postmasters upon the route certify
to the industry, vigilance, and energy of the peti-
tioner, in endeavoring to perform all the stipula-
tions of the contract to the utmost of his ability,
and they ascribe his failures to make schedule
time, in most cases, to circumstances over which
he had no control. The committee, therefore, be-
lieving that the petitioner performed the condi-
tions of his contract to the best of his ability, and
that if the fines are remitted the sum paid him is
very inadequate for the service performed, recom-
mend that the fines be remitted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will listen
to me for two or three minutes, 1 think I can sat-
isfy them with the explanation made in the report
that the bill ought to pass. This was an original
contract taken by Mr. Green. The service was
a new one. The reason why it has come to my
knowledge is, that his partner is a constituent of
mine—a gentleman by the name of Harding—
living in our State, whom I know very well. It
was the first contract; they took it at §26,000, as
the report states; the coast was entirely without
lights, buoys, or things of that sort; and they
failed occasionally, owing to fogs, to make the
schedule time; but never failed to deliver the mails
within twenty-four or forty-eight hours of the
tune. There was no difficulty occasioned by it,
because there were no connections which were dis-
turbed. The postmasters of the principal post
offices on the route unanimously represent that
the service was performed exceedingly well, con-
sidering the diiliculties, and that no troubles what-
ever arose in consequence of their being occasion-
ally behind time, owing to the difficulties of the
navigation. It was a first attempt. The Post-
master General, however, fined them every time
there was a failuie to mako the schedule time,
even if it was merely from the noon of one day
to the morning of the next, deducting about two
thousand two bundled dollars, I believe, for the
failures. They lostagreat deal of money by their
contract; butthey carried it through. They lost
money for one reason—on account of the cholera
prevailing m that section^and their being obliged
to pay very large sums for hands—but still they
carried it through in all respects, except a simple
occasional failure to arrive exactly at the hour or
the day, for which they were fined. The Post-
master Genera!, Mr. Campbell, insisted upon put-
ting the fines upon them. The persons who took
the contract next, received, I tliink, $40,000, and
they failed repeatedly, but were notfined, for some
reason or other. Those who have the contract
now, receive $76,000, instead of $26,000, and they
are not fined. Mr. Campbell refused to take off
the fines, and his successor declined to interfere
because of his action. This bill directs simply
that the ainountof the contract price shall be paid,
and the fines remitted for these failures, which
did nobody any harm, and which were unavoid-
able. The contract was performed in the midst
of very great difficulties.
Mr. 11ALE. Ido not wantto oppose the bill:
but I confess that I am rather unwilling to £ee a
bill like this run through, without referring it to
a committee. If the gentleman will refer it to the
Committee on the Post Oifice and Post Roads, I
will pledge myself to consider it the first time we
meet; and if it is as the Senator says, I will report
H, and put it on its passage at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 shall not object.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
M15FSAGK FltOH THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills, in which the concurrence of the Senate
Witfi requested:
A bill (No. 537) for the relief of Catharine XC.
Russell; |
A bill (No. 984) for the reiicfof Thomas Forstev;
A bill (No. 999) to amend an act supplementary
to an act approved March 3, 1855, " to organize
an institution for the insane of the Army and
Navy and of the District of Columbia, in the .said
District," approved February 7, 1857;
A bill (No. 1001) for the relief of Edward
Williams; and
A bill (No. 1004) to amend the several acts au-
thorizing loans.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bifl of the Senate (No. 366) to
provide for a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Colorado, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; and'they
were signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 134) for the relief of James
Smith;
A bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of Annie D.
Reeves;
A bill (S. No. 227) for the relief of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and
A bill (S. No. 543) to carry into effect conven-
tions between the United States and the Repub-
lics of New Granada and Costa Rica.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the following documents to be printed
on February 19, 1861:
A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting a list of clerks and others employed in
that Department—ordered at twelve o'clock and
eighteen minutes.
A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting a statement of the expenditures in\do on
account of the contingent expenses of the Post
Office Department—ordered at twelve o'clock and
nineteen minutes
Also, fhat the House had ordered the printing
of the following documents on February 18, 1861:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a list of clerks and others employed in the
Treasury Department—ordered at twelve o 'clock
and twenty minutes.
A letter from the Mayor of Boston, transmit-
ting resolutions of the City Council, in reference
to the disturbed state of the country—ordered at
twelve o'clock and twenty minutes.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (FI. R.No. 1004) to amend the several
acts authorizing loans, was, on motion of Mr.
Pearce, read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
JEAN A. Ji. DAUTEItlYE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, I made an unsuccess-
ful motion yesterday to take up House bill No.
583, for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Juan A. 0. Dauterive. 1 rene-.v that
motion now. Phe bill is one of great consequence
to the heirs, and I hope the Senate will take it up
and dispose of it now. The bill has passed the
other House; a gentleman is interested in it who
is a member of the other House, and he wishes
to know the result of the claim.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that bill will not be
taken up at this time. But a few moments ago
tho report in the case was laid upon my desk and
I have proceeded to examine it so far" as I have
had time, and I find that there are very great dis-
crepancies between the report and the laws which
are referred to in it. I presume other Senators
have not examined it. I should like a hale fur-
ther time to examine the report, and also to exam-
ine the casey which have been decided in rf^ard
to it, that I may be enabled to act intelligently.
1 cannot act on the report, because the report
does not furnish the facts; and it is necessary to
investigate the authorities referred to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I feel every disposition
in the world to accommodate the gentleman; but
we arc getting^towards the close of the session;
this is a bill of much consequence, and I should
be exceedingly glad to ijave jt decided this morn-
ing.* If the Senator from New Hampshire desires
time, and will name a time when he will assist
me in getting up this bill for disposition, say to-
morrow morning, of course I shall be hanpy to
accommodate him. *
