1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
instances where fugitive slaves run away and are
never found. There are instances where our
horses are stolen and carried off, and we never
find them. But I am speaking of the causcs of
complaint which arise from the non-execution of
the law; and I say that justice has not been re-
fused where a case has ever been brought before
Judge McLean, or where an attempt has been
made to bring it before a constitutional court.
I apologize again to the Senate for having ex-
tended these remarks. My object is not to create
irritation, but to soothe the excited state of feeling
in order that we may discuss this question in a
proper temper and upon its merits. I repeat, my
purpose is to meet this question fairly. Let us ascer-
tain precisely the points in dispute; letuslay aside
all sectional feelings and party strife, and see if
we cannot agree upon a lino ol'policy which will
secure equal rights, equal protection, and equal
justice to every State, and to the citizens of every
State in this Union.
Mr. THOMSON. I do not rise at this time
to make a speech, but simply to ask a question
of the Senator from Georgia. He referred to 41
New Jersey case in which the fugitive slave law
had not been executed. I am not aware of any
such case, and I will be very much obliged to him
if he will tell me what case he refers to.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state what I know about
it. Of course, I rely upon newspaper authority.
The facts were stated in the newspapers. I do
not now remember the name—it has passed out
of my memory—but the case was this: the mar-
shal of your State, or one of his deputies, went
to a house to arrest a fugitive slave upon the
affidavit of his owner or the agent of the owner.
The fugitive was confined in the house, and refused
to surrender himself up. The marshal summoned
a posse of some eight or ten, perhaps fifteen or
twenty. The fugitive asked that the arrest might
be deferred until morning, and that he might be
allowed to stay in the house until morning. The
marshal granted it, and, in the mean time a mob
came and drove the marshal and his posse off.
Mr. THOMSON. That is your newspaper
account. I have never heard of it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean, sir, at this
time, to enter into this discussion, because I be-
lieve, if there are friends of the Union upon
this floor, they had better cease their wrangling,
and endeavor to do something to save that Union.
I simply rise, however, for the purpose of stating
the facts of the case to which allusion has been
made, where it was charged that New Jersey
had offered resistance to the fugitive slave law
upon a recent occasion. 1 was certain that the
honorable Senator who made that declaration was
ignorant of the facts, or he never would have
made it.
Sir, that case occurred within the last three
weeks. It occurred within the county where I
live. It happened within two miles of the county
town where I reside, and I profess to be familiar
with the facts. It happened two or three days
before I left home for the purpose of resuming
my seat upon this floor. The simple facts are
these: ten white men and one black man—the
most of the white men coming from the city of
Philadelphia—headed by a man by the name of
Albcrti, who has figured largely in transactions
of this kind before, came to the house of a negro
man in four carriages, at ten o'clock at night;
whether possessed of warrants or not, I know not;
for they never showed them. They asked for
admission of the owner of that house, who was
alleged to be a fugitive slave—a man by the name
of Perry Simmons. The inmates of that house
were Simmons, his wife, and child. They asked
for admission; and upon being refused, claimed
that they came there to arrest him upon a warran t
foralarceny. He refused to open the door. They
burst the door in. He retreated to the head of
the stairway, held a gun in his hands,.and his
wife seized an ax. The marshal to whom allu-
sion lias been made, offered to ascend the stairs
and arrest him. He declared that he would take
life, if necessary to protect himself; and this
worthy marshal, with his posse of nine men and
one negro, left the house, and stood about the
door of that house until daylight in the morning,
without proceeding further to execute their war-
rant, with no other man beingpresent about those
premises. At dnyligiit, the son of a farmer with
whom I am well acquainted, hearing the uproar,
started to this house—the man being engaged
as a workman upon his farm—to ascertain what
the difficulty was. He is a highly respectable
man; and his account is, that as he approached
this marshal with his posse, they told him to
stop, for if he came any nearer it would be at the
risk of his life. He then said he would see what
the occasion of the uproar was, and left the
ground; and immediately this posse, with their
marshal, scrambled to their carriages, whipped
up their horses, and made their escape from the
county, and took refuge in the city of Philadel-
phia.
This is what the Senator from Georgia calls a
refusal on the part of conservative Now Jersey
to execute the fugitive slave law! This, too, oc-
curred within two miles from a court-house which,
upon the last occasion of the arrest of three fugi-
tive slaves, did, by the voice of a jury of the in-
dependent farmers of the county of Burlington,
return those three fugitive slaves to the constitu-
ents of the Senator from Maryland, without a
single voice being raised on the part of any one
to gainsay their action or their right. These mat-
ters are misrepresented; and, as the honorable
Senator from Illinois said, the South do not un-
derstand the true feeling of the North upon this
subject. They seem to me to greedily catch at
every newspaper story, no matter how false it
may be, or how colored it may be', for the pur-
pose of inflaming, aggravating, and exciting the
public mind of the South against the true-hearted
men of the North.
With these remarks, sir, I leave the subject.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I live upon the
western bank of the Mississippi, and every morn-
ing 1 look at the soil of two States; and when I
go to the top of my house I look at the soil of
three—I mean Missouri and Illinois. Having
lived there for more than twenty years, I have a
good deal of experience; and, while I do not in-
tend to make a speech to excite any passions, I
think it right, in a love meeting, to state one's
experience.
The people of Illinois, so far as I have had in-
tercourse with them, if you bringa palpable case
before them, arrest the negro, and bring him into
court, will generally enforce the fugitive slave
law; but in nine cases out of ten ybu cannot thus
bring him into court. I prosecuted a case which
was decided in the supreme court of Illinois,
before Judge Douglas—I was the prosecuting
lawyer and he the judge upon the bench—when
the jury found the defendant guilty, and I believe
some of that same feeling prevails to this day.
But how many of those cases come into court?
Not 0110 in twenty. A gentleman residing in
Illinois told me, tins fall, he saw nine negroes
brought there and put into a railroad car and
locked up and sent forward to Chicago without
it being in the power of anybody to rescue them,
secure them, or otherwise. Once in a while you
catch one, but the nine go. I remember reacting
of one who was healed of leprosy, and he gave
thanks to God; but the question was, where were
the nine? None returned thanks save one; and
so it is with the fugitive slaves. I do not say
this to the prejudice of the law-abiding, good
people of Illinois. They will carry out the law
in a strong case if you bring it before their eyes;
hut they will not see it unless you force them to
do so, and they will shut their eyes if they can.
I mean many of them. The people of Blooming-
ton do it, and the managers of the railroad there
do it, and my constituents suffer in consequence
of their doing it.
I want something more effective. I know that
if you will pick out forty men of Illinois, and
forty men of Missouri, they will all say, "We
will stand by the law and the Constitution."
They will all say it; but in the practical admin-
istration of affairs, 111 the actual occurrences that
take place, is this thing so? If not, what is the
remedy? Divide? Well, if there is no other
remedy, I say divide; but I think there isanother
to make use of. At any rate, let us attempt it.
That is, to arm the Federal Government with
power enough to protect and enforce. Wherever
the functions of the Federal Government are
vested, wherever its power extends, there give it
adequate physical force to carry it out. I will
do that. If you call it a military despotism, do
so. I would rather have a military despotism
than anarchy and confusion.
Now, I know that the fugitive slave law is
not executed—no, I will not say that; I am using
improper language; but I will say this: that nine
out of ten of the fugitive slaves are not returned.
I know that some horses are lost; but they are
not lost under the same influences, or the same
circumstances. It is not a vitiated, corrupt, and
base hypocritical sentiment that leads men to steal
horses; it is pecuniary gain only. It is not so
with the negro. When he is stolen and secreted
and ru n off, there is something behind—something
more than the hope of pecuniary reward. I know
they get the reward, for the man that put those
nine negroes at Bloomington into the car and locked
them up, told, and showed the letter of acknowl-
edgment, that he got fifty dollars a head for do-
ing it. Who paid him? Black Republicans of
Chicago.
Now, I am telling truths that I can prove-in a
court of justice; and,these are only mere exam-
ples to illustrate the enormity of the injury that
we suffer every day. The good men of Illinois
are as good as the good men anywhere; the good
men of Ohio are as good as the good men any-
where; and so I can say of all the northern States;
but there are bad men, there are corruptmeh, and
there are men who think they are conscientious,
and yet are influenced by a fanaticism that drives
them headlong, regardless of consequences, to the
injury of our population and the destruction of
our property.
How can wc stop that? There are but two
ways to do it. One way is for a reaction of that
public sentiment by honest and fair and manly
appeals; the other is by physical power to pre-
vent. I am for the physical power. I want a
strong Government; 1 want a Government strong
enough to discharge its functions; and if it is not,
I would spit upon the Government. .A Govern-
ment that promises and guaranties and enacts,
and cannot execute and enforce, is such a Gov-
ernment as I do not want; and it ought to be the
most pitiable, contemptible object on the face of
God's earth; and the man who would advocate it
I should think ought to skulk behind the bush
and hide himself. Is the Government worthy of
being respected? Yes. Are its guarantees to be
carried out? Yes. How? One man says by pub-
lic sentiment. Well, that is a glorious mode; it
suits my approbation precisely; it meets my feel-
ings; but if you do not get that consent and that
common approbation, how then ? There is nothing
but physical power to do it. Do you say that
that will drive us into disunion ? Let it do it. Do
you say that it will drive us into despotism—into
a centralization of the Government? Let itcome.
1 had rather this moment have a centralized Gov-
ernment—a despotism with Louis Napoleon and
the Prince of Wales over me this hour—than have
anarchy and confusion, and nolaw,and no respect
for my rights. That is my determination, and I
intend to act upon it. It may look to some as if
I were advocating monarchy. Be it so. In the
language of Thomas Jefferson, I would rather
have one good monarch than four hundred bad
ones; for if despotism has to come, if anarchy and
confusion are to prevail,if truth is to be abolished,
and constitutional guarantees set at naught, give
me vigor and energy and power.
Now, I know that the fugitive slave law is
enforced in proper cases generally; but nine cases
out of ten evade the law, and never come before
the law; and therefore it will not do for my
friends from Ohio and Illinois, with their good
intentions, and with the truthfulness which I
know distinguishes them, to say the law is main-
tained. While they are telling the truth in that,
they lose sight of the other point that nine cases
out of ten do not come to the knowledge of the
law, and no cognizance is taken of them. There
is no evasion, we may say; but it is all secret,
private. Our property is stolen; but if you will
put on the border a police armed and equipped,
strong enough to enforce the law, from the North
to the South, from the East to the West, and to
protect the North from wrongs from the South,
and to protect the South from wrongs from the
North, to protect one section against invasion
from another, you will be but accomplishing a
duty imposed upon you by the Federal Constitu-
tion which no man yet has ever opened his mouth
to have accomplished in the Congress of the
United States.
Sir, this thing must be done, or—I make no
