54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
threat; I speak of consequences, like the Senator
from New Hampshire—division is as_ certain as
that God lives. And why? Because there is such
a diversity ofsentimentin the extreme North that
controls the North, and the extreme South that
controls the South, that there must be time to
reflect and correct these two extremes, or we
divide. How are we to get that time to correct
this public sentiment in the two extremes, both
of which we condemn ? Only by planting a strong
police upon the border. It is the last hope, it is
the only hope within the limits of the Constitu-
tion. 1 intend to stand by the Constitution as
long as it is worthy of being preserved; and as a
friend to it, I shall insist upon its being carried
out.
Mr. President, it does no good for Senators to
state individual cases. I can state hundreds of
individual cases. Because of my proximity to
the border, and my connection with the parties,
I know more of it than most Senators do. I have
seen more of it, mingled with more of it, know
more of it. The law in Illinois is generally en-
forced in cases to which public attention is called;
but nine cases out of ten elude and evade the law;
and 1 suppose it is so with Kentucky, with Ma-
ryland, and with other States. 1 want to correct
all that; and 1 have only made this statement for
the purpose of showing that while Senators can,
with propriety, with honor, with manliness, and
with statesmanship, show that the law is enforced
when the cases are brought into court, yet they
lose sight of this other fact, that nine cases outof
ton never come into court, nor is any cognizance
ever taken of them by the public.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, one word in
explanation. My friend from Missouri who now
sits behind me, [General Ci.ark, of the House of
Representatives,] resides in that part of his State
nearest to that portion of Illinois where the law
would be the least likely to be executed, and yet
he can bear the strongest possible testimony that
any man can from his personal knowledge of the
execution of the law in Illinois; but let'us take
the Senator's facts as he states them. He tells us
that in all instances where the attention of the
courts is brought to the subject, and a propercase
is made out, the law is faithfully executed; that
that is the general rule. Well, sir, is not that all
thatany man can ask? When you talk about the
non-execution of laws, do you speak of cases that
are never brought to the attention of the courts ?
tf my horse is stolen and goes to Missouri, and
is harbored by the neighbor of the Senator, can I
complain of him or of his courts unless 1 go and
identify the horse and call the attention of the
authorities to the fact that he is stolen ? It is a
new doctrine, that we are guilty of non-fulfillment
of the law when we admmisterit fairly and justly
in every case brought to our notice. The com-
plaint of the Senator is that while we administer
the law fairly and impartially in those cases where
an arrest is made and the attention of the author-
ities is drawn to the subject, in nine eases out of
. ten they do not call the attention of our authori-
ties* to the fact. Whose fault is that'
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
explain ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I will simply explain whose
fault it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
Mr. GREEN. It is the fault of those who cul-
tivate that kind of sentiment which enables them
to secrete our property, and to prevent anybody
catching hold of the fact that it is harbored. If
the people of Missouri were to inculcate a senti-
ment encouraging the stealing of his horse, I
would hold myself responsible'for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I was speak-
ing only of the noii-exccution of the law in those
cases where it is proper for the authorities to take
cognizance. The Senator alluded to a single
case; occurring, as he said, when I was on the
bench and he was the attorney. That was a case,
too, where he did not call the attention of our
anthoiities tp the facts; it was a case where our
own citizens took the initiative. I remember it
very well.
Mr. GREEN. On a reward offered by my
friend, General Durkee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There may have been a re-
ward offered; but the man did not get it or ask for
it. One morning, just after 1 had opened court,
Captain Pitman, the constable, marched into the
court-room, holding a physician by the collar with'
one hand, and a negro man with the other, and
said, " If your honor please, I caught this Dr.
Eels running off a fugitive slave this morning,
contrary to the statute of Illinois; and I have
brought him and the slave into court to know
what I shall do with them." I said, " Captain
Pitman, you will hand the slave and the Doctor
over to the sheriff, and go to the grand jury and
state the facts." In a short time, the grand jury
came in with a bill of indictment against Dr. Eels
for harboring, secreting, and attempting to run off
a fugitive slave, contrary to the statute of Illinois,
not contrary to the laws of the United States.
When the jury were called, and the facts were all
proved, the counsel for the defense moved an
instruction to the jury that they must acquit, be-
cause the Supreme Court of the United States had
decided, in the case of Pngg against Pennsylva-
nia, which had just been published, and which
they presented to the court, that the power and
*the duty of surrendering fugitive slaves was ex-
clusively in the Federal Government, and not in
the State governments; and that the right of legis-
lating upon that subject was exclusively in Con-
gress, not in the State Legislature; and therefore,
that the law of Illinois making it a criminal offense
was unconstitutional and void. I decided that
the law of Illinois was not upon the same sub-
ject; that the object of the law of Illinois was not
to return fugitive slaves, but to preserve the peace
and quiet of our own State; that it was a mere
police regulation of our own; and that, inasmuch
as the Constitution had guarantied the right of a
master to pursue and recapture his slave, if the
citizens were permitted to interfere with that right,
it would lead to a breach of the peace, which it
was the duty of our own Legislature to make
criminal; anil that hence our law, being a police
regulation, intended to preserve the peace of our
own people, was constitutional, notwithstanding
the fact that it aided in the execution of the laws
of the United States, which was an addiiional
argument in its favor. The juiy found Dr. Eels
guilty; and 1 sentenced him pretty severely; ac-
cording to my recollection, he got nearly the full
extent of the law. He appealed to the supreme
court-of the State; and the supreme court of Illi-
nois affirmed the decision. He appealed, then,
to the Supreme Court of the United States; but I
believe he died before the case was decided.
Mr. GREEN. The judgment was affirmed,
but he. died before it was affirmed,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes. Now, sir, the case
the Senator cites is a case where the people of
Illinois, through their own officers, interfered and
arrested a fugitive without the master knowing
where he was. That being the fact, and it being
the general admission that in all those cases where
they do call the attention of our authorities to the
subject, we perform our duties faithfully and im-
partially, I think there is very little cause of com-
plaint. I really wish that this catalogue of griev-
ances could all be made out wilh specifications,
and let us take each case in turn; and I repeat, if
it could be done, those who now honestly believe
that they have grievous causes of complaint will
be utterly amazed to know with what fidelity this
law has been executed, and how little real cause
of complaint they have arising from that source.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to ask him a question, as he is about to
sit down? He refers to an old case occurring at
a time when possibly the feeling may have been
better than it is now. The newspapers have re-
cently given us an account of a case in the town
of his own residence. I see that an indictment
has been found against certain persons there for
rescuing a fugitive slave. Does that also contain
a history of the faithful execution of the law?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, sir, I stated, when I
first rose, a case m that very town 
Mr. DAVIS. Chicago, I refer to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. \ es. I stated that in a case
where a rescue took place in Ottowa, in the Chi-
cago district, the next day, or\ery soon, the
marshal went down, arrested the rescuers and
took them to Chicago, and they were committed
to and kept in the Chicago jail for about live
months until the trial. They were then tried and
convicted by a jury sitting in' the city of Chicago,
and they were sentenced by a court held in the
city of Chicago to prison, and were sent to prison
again until they paid $1,000 fine each, and the
costs of the suit. As that took place not very
long ago, no longer ago than last October, not
two months ago, I have a right to suppose that
the law will now be executed with about the same
fidelity as it was then. Inasmuch as another
rescue has occurred, I take it for granted that
there will be another indictment, another trial,
another conviction; andl take it for granted, fur-
thermore, that civil suits are already pending,
and that the value of the negroes in each case,
together with the damages, will be recovered, and
the property of the rescuers will be sold on exe-
cution to pay the judgments; and the master will
find out in the, end that he made an admirable
good sale of his negro. [Laughter.] It is true
that it does not return the fugitives. In some
eases, it is a matter of hardship that it does not
return them. Theie maybe cases where you
would not give up your nogro for any price; al-
though I do think that if 1 owned a servant th.'t
did not like me well enough to stay with me, and
ian away, I would rather get the value of him
and damages for his running away, than get the
runaway negro back. But I do not think that
this case arising in Chicago, a place as strongly
anti-slavery as any place on the continent, shows
such a non-fulfillment of the law as would be
good cause for breaking up the Government.
Mr. PITCH. Mr. President, were it not for
the disclaimers, and doubtless truthful ones, by
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Illi-
nois of the correctness of the charge of the Sena-
tor from Georgia of the non-fulfillment of the fu-
gitive slave law in their States, I should not deem
it worth while to make one for my own State;
but one of those States being on the east and the
other on the west of us, without any such dis-
claimer it might perhaps be inferred that Indiana
is not true to its constitutional obligation. Such
is not the case. Its citizens have always fulfilled,
and in full, so far as I know, all their constitu-
tional obligations. They intend doing so under
all phases of political parties; and they desire the
citizens of other States to do the same. If we
have failed in the performance of our obligations
relative to the rendition of fugitive slaves, or of
any other constitutional obligation to the South,
the citizensof Kentucky,our border State, would
certainly know it. Its representatives here can
bring the charge. It is sufficient for me to say
that, for the whole twenty-five or thirty years of
my residence within the State of Indiana, but
one case of the rescue of an arrested fugitive lias
come to my knowledge. If any other attempt
ever has been made, I have known nothing of it;
and the parties implicated in that one case were
so severely punished that no repetition of the ex-
periment has been since tried, and probably it
never will be tried.
A word as to the question of the Senator from
Mississippi to the Senator from Illinois, although
the occurrence referred to was not in my Stale.
I perceive tile Senator from Illinois confounds
two cases. Very probably the late presidential
election has been a blank in his life. The Ottawa
case was a year ago last October, I think.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not mistaken, I think,
and for this reason: I happened to be in Chicago
the day one of the rescuers was sentenced, and
read the sentence of the court and his speech in
reply; and I had time to do it, notwithstanding
the presidential election was then pending.
[Laughter.] I do not confound the two cases.
The one I was talking about, where the trial and
sentence took place at Chicago,.was the Ottawa
case; and the Senator from Mississippi then called
my attention to the fact that there had been a res-
cue in Chicago since; and 1 argued thatinasmuch
as the proceedings which I mentioned hlid taken
place in Chicago not more than two months ago,
the fair presumption was, that the law would be
enforced in this case also.
Mr. FITCH. The rescue in Ottawa was more
than a year since. The Senator, no doubt, is
correct about the time of the trial; when that
occurred I do not know. Rut I was about to
call attention to the result of a recent case which
the Senator from Mississippi mentioned. It seems
that the marshal of the northern district of Illinois
was assailed in the street, and a negro, whom he
had arrested as a fugitive, was taken from his
custody. The assault was quite unexpected; but
the very next day, if I mistake not, a Republican
