1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
jury—certainly a jury consisting of a majority
of Republicans, and among the rest, if I am
not mistaken, the candidate elected for Lieu-
tenant Governor of Illinois—indicted all the par-
ties; and they are now under bonds for their
appearance at court to stand their trial for the
rescue.
Mr. POWELL. As reference has been made
to the action of our neighbors over the border, by
the Senator from Indiana, it affords me very great
pleasure to state that our neighbors immediately
adjoining Kentucky—Indiana and Illinois—have
usually acted with fidelity to us in this matter.
But while that is the truth, I regret to say that
we are suffering daily loss by the very active
operations of the underground railroad.
I regret that I cannot say so much for the State
of Ohio, represented by my distinguished friend
from that State who has just spoken, [Mr. Pijgh.]
We have just ground of complaint against the
State of Ohio. Her present Governor, Mr. Den-
nison, has refused to deliver up a fugitive from
justice, who stands indicted for the stealing of
slaves in the courts of Kentucky, on demand-
being made by the Governor of Kentucky, in
accordance with the Constitution and laws of the
United States. The present Executive of that
State, in my judgment, trampled the laws and the
Constitution of the country under his feet when
he refused that demand.
There was also a case tlfat occurred some time
ago where the late Governor of Illinois, in my
judgment, failed to discharge his duty as the Ex-
ecutive of one of the States of this Union. The
facts in that case, as I understand them, are about
these: a negro was run off from the center of Ken-
tucky—from the very town of my colleague, I
believe. That negro was indicted for stealing.
He went to Canada. He afterwards went to Illi-
nois. He was indicted, and sentenced to impris-
onment in that State for an offense committed
there, and confined in their penitentiary. The
owner found it out. He went over there, and had
an interview with the late Governor of Illinois.
This negro stood indicted in Kentucky; and, as
I understand the facts, the owner procured a
demand from the Governor of Kentucky for his
delivery. The parties, in a communication which
I saw published in the newspapers, stated that
they had an interview with the Governor, and
he issued the requisition; but, in the meantime,
he gave notice to the keeper of the penitentiary
that the negro man was released, and the Aboli-
tionists, by the underground railway, took him
again to Canada; and when the parties reached
the penitentiary with the requisition, they did not
get the negro.
These, I think, are grave offenses, 111 violation
of the constitutional rights of our people. I do
hope, sir, that the present Governor of Ohio does
not truly represent the feeling of the people of
that great State. I do further know that Ken-
tucky sustains an annual loss of more than one
hundred thousand dollars of her slave property
by means of the negro thieves who take them and
run them off by the underground railway. 1
regret that I can only partially confirm the state-
ment of the Senators who represent those States
which border on Kentucky, so far as the good
feeling of their constituents is concerned, and
their faith ill executing the laws. I thought it
was due, as my State had been appealed to, that
I should make this statement.
Mr. WADE. I know but a little about the case
alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky; but I
believe the difficulty in the way of the Governor
of Ohio surrendering the person claimed on the
application of the Governor of Kentucky, was
this: if I recollect aright, the attorney general of
Ohio investigated the case, (and I believe I once
read his opinion,) and it appeared that the indict-
ment did not show that the party claimed was
ever m the State of Kentucky; and I believe it
was a conceded fact that he never was there, and
therefore eonld not have been guilty of the offense.
The fact was, that they charged him with some
complicity in Ohio, some connivance in getting
slaves away; but, as I understand the matter, the
fact appearing on the face of the proceeding that
he had never"bcen in the State of Kentucky, and
as, therefore, the indictmentitself showed that no
such offense could possibly have been commit-
ted there by him, it was held that our Governor
had no right to surrender him. I believe that is
about the statement of the case, though I am not
now prepared to give all the facts precisely.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Ohio is
evidently mistaken as to the facts. This party
stood indicted in the courts of Kentucky for slave
stealing. The indictmentshowed that the offense
was committed there, and that the party was
there; and the refusal to deliver him up was upon
the ground that negro stealing was not an offense
under the common law. I think the Governor
of his State not only put the Constitution and
the laws of the Union under his feet, but acted in
disregard of his oath of office.
Mr. WADE. I do not pretend to know pre-
cisely the circumstances of the case; but I remem-
ber having read the opinion of the attorney gen-
eral of Ohio, and I know it was predicated on the
fact that the party had never been in Kentucky,
and I supposed that appeared on the face of the
proceedings. I do not know much about it,
however.
Mr. POWELL. I would say to the honora-
ble Senator, if he does not know much about it,
he should investigate the facts before he attempts
to enlighten the Senate. Why, sir, a distinguished
citizen of his own State, in an address he deliv-
ered to the people a little while ago, (I mean Hon.
Thomas Ewing,) condemned this action of the
Governor; and I was glad to see one of the most
distinguished men of his State reflect properly on
the action of the Executive of that State.
Mr. PUGH. I want to ask the Senator from
Kentucky a question. I do not justify Governor
Dennison's proceeding. Itwas wrong; butithas
gone upon the idea adopted by too many Gov-
ernors, that they are never bound to surrender a
fugitive from justice unless where the offense
charged is an offense by the law of their own
State; and I wish to ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky if he is notaware of the fact that a Governor
of Kentucky himself made that decision in refer-
ence to a case from Indiana? That was the case
of a man indicted in the State of Indiana for kid-
napping. When the Governor of Indiana de-
manded him of Kentucky, she did not give him
up. Now, I say both decisions are wrong; but
if we must have crimination, let us have it on all
sides.
Mr. POWELL. You ask me if the Governor
of Kentucky has not refused 
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator if that decision
was not made by the Governor of Kentucky, in
answer to a demand from the Governor of Indi-
ana ?
Mr. POWELL. In answer to that, I will say
to the Senator that, if any such decision was ever
made by the Governor of Kentucky, it is unknown
to me. It was certainly not the ruling practice in
the office when I had the honor of being Governor
of that State.
Mr. PUGH. I saw it in the Louisville Jour-
nal. That is my authority.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to my distinguished
friend now, that I was fully aware, before he gave
utterance to it, that he did not approve of the con-
duct of his Governor; for personally he has said
to me that his Governor was wrong.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we seem to have
entered on exactly that field which I had hoped
might be avoided—one of crimination and re-
crimination. I had desired, if it were possible,
that we should consider this subject as a grave
one, involving great public interests; and that if
there was any prospect of such an adjustmentas
we, the injured party, ought to accept, we should
be made aware of it. The men who live along
the border have been complaining from year to
year that their property is stolen, and no man has
ever disputed it. And it seems like the grossest
fiction that ever was attempted, to say now that
property is safe, when property has actually dis-
appeared from the border; when it is well known
that, in paits of Maryland, you scarcely find the
remnant of the property which once cultivated
the land; when the border has been driven back
in western Virginia and along the frontier of Ken-
tucky; when the same state of things exists in
Missouri, too, as represented by my friend on
rny right, [Mr. Green.] I do not think gentle-
men aie meeting this question in a spirit likely
ever to bring good result, when they attempt to
plead that hero and there the law has been exe-
cuted, when it is every well known that combi-
nations exist to prevent the law being applied,
that rescues are made from time to time sufficient
to show what the public feeling in those commu-
nities is.
But we are told, sir, that there are extreme
opinions; that the-extremes at the North and the
extremes at the South are both wrong, and that
opinion must be corrected in both quarters. Does
the extreme South assail the rights of anybody?
Does the extreme South attempt to nullify the
constitutional rights of any citizen of the United
States? Does the extreme South pretend to sit
in judgment upon the institutions of other com-
munities? If not, what have we to reform or to
correct? What matters it how ignorant wo are
of the domestic affairs of other people, provided
we leave them to manage their own affairs—the
theory upon which our Government was founded,
and the only one on which it can be perpetuated?
If it were useful, if it were pleasant, if it were in
any sense profitable, my own attention has been
sufficiently drawn to these outrages on the law,
to enable me to make out here a long list of speci-
fications. The newspapers have brought us, from
time to time, the declarations of men who are
seeking popular favor by declarations most hos-
tile to the constitutional rights of the South, in
relation to their property in slaves. The very
Governor who has been drawn into this contro-
versy has been represented as proclaiming that
not one fugitive should be delivered from his State
until the whole military power of that State had
been exhausted in protecting him.
Mr. WADE. He has denied that over and
over again.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope he is not guilty.
The charge I have seen repeated so often that f
took it to be true. I am glad to know now, that
there is doubt as to its truth. I had, myself,
Mr. President, a desire, I might almost say a
hope, that Senators representing constituencies
holding opinions which had led certain of the
States to look to their condition, as one which
necessarily impelled them to seek their safety ou'
of the Union, would hero inform us if we were
mistaken. It is not by pleading to special cases
and asking for specifications, it is not by crimin-
ation and recrimination, that the sense of the peo-
ple is likely to be changed, or the action of the
States now assuming to judge in the last resort
is to be modified in any degree, or that their re-
spect for the manner in which the subject is here
treated is to be heightened. All that can serve a
useful purpose at the time is to bring forth evi-
dence, if the fact exists, of that kinu of feeling
toward us, the absence of which we consider the
greatest grievance under which we labor. I do
not wish now to parade the laws which have
been enacted to violate, not only our constitu-
tional rights, but those obligations of comity ex-
isting between friendly States. There is no use
in it. The occasion for such argument has passed
by. We have to deal with events which are now
transpiring, and about to be consummated, and
angry discussion here, and the arraignment of
men for the evil they have done, will serve but
little good here or elsewhere. The purpose to do
good hereafter is the only hope for any change of
policy in those States that are now looking to
their sovereign powers for their own defense.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I confess that
I listened with amazement to what fell from the
honorable Senator from Illinois upon the subject
of the difficulty, most generally the impossibility,
of recovering fugitive slaves when they get into
the free States. If that Senator had confined his
remarks to his own State, I should not have felt
myself called upon to say a word. It is so re-
mote from my State that what may happen there
I know but through the newspapers, and they
may be, and very probably are, exaggerated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My statements of fact, I
believe, were all confined to my own State; though
.the general opinions I expressed were not.
Mr. MASON. That may be; but with regard
to those m the southern States who complain of
the refusal in good faith to execute that part of
the Constitution which requires slaves to be sur-
rendered, I understood the Senator to express a
general opinion that .we were ignorant on the
subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I said Virginia and
Pennsylvania and Maryland, the border free
States and the border slave States, did understand
the question very well; but that those living m
