1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
objection to the consideration of this message;
but will allow the Senator the privilege of .speak-
ing then.
Mr. HALE. The Senator will have my aid to
get the floor. I hope the business of the Senate
will be suspended when one of these Democrats
wants to speak to another. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
indicate twelve or one o'clock on Thuisday ?
Mr. WILSON. One o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the message of the President be postponed, and
made the special order for Thursday at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
Dow before the Senate is the tariff bill.
Mr. GWIN. I ask that the Senate will con-
sider a resolution that I send up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will allow it to
be read, he will not object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. GWIN. 1 shall have it read for inform-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
done hy unanimous consent, unless the Senator
makes a motion to postpone the bill before the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I will make that motion; and
then read the resolution myself, as my reason 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the special order.
Mr. G-WIN. My reason for desiring; to post-
pone it is, that I wish to offer a resolution of this
description:
Resolved, That, for the residue of the session, the special
or general orders of tlic day shall not be culled until one
o'clock.
That will give two hours every morning for
miscellaneous business, which is just as import-
ant as the heavy business before the Senate, which
we always take up at one o'clock. It will enable
us to dispose of the tariff question, the appropri-
ation bills, and other important questions, and
have two hours for miscellaneous business. My
desire was to facilitate business; and I hope the
special order or the unfinished business will go
over, to give me an opportunity to make this
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness, with a view to take up the resolution he has
just read.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it. It must
tie over one day if the resolution be objected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to postpone the special order, notwithstand-
ing.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 39, noes 16.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I hope there will be no
objection to the consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is postponed; and the Senator from California
offers his resolution, and asks for its considera-
tion to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it must lie over.
SEIZURE OF AMERICAN VESSELS BY PERU.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I move to take up the res-
olution I offered yesterday, requesting the Presi-
dent to send m the correspondence between this
Government and the Government of Peru, in re-
lation to the seizure of certain vessels.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Ptesident he lequessted to furnish the
fSenato with copies of any coir^pondonce with the Gov-
ernment of Peiu, in lelation to the seuuie by that Govern-
ment of vessels belonging to citizens of the United States.
RECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, if was
Oidcrcd, Tl.at the hill (II. R. NTo G54) granting a pen-
sion to Thomas Uootle be loeommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Foiixky, its Clerk, announced that the
Spcakei of the .House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; and they were
signed by the Vice President.
A bill (H. R. No. 892) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, ani judicial expen-
ses of the Government for the year ending June
30, 186^; and
A joint resolution (H. R,. No. 5) authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
revise and adjust the account* of John Randolph
Clay, United States Minister to Peru
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 537) for the relief of Katharine K.
Russell—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 984) for the relief of Thomas Fors-
ter—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 999) to amend i( An act supple-
mentary to an act approved March 3, 1855, to
organize an institution for the insane of the Army
and Navy and ttie District of Columbia in said
District," approved February 7, 1857—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia. *
A bill (No. 1001) for the relief of Edward
Williams—to the Committee on Pensions.
THE TARIFF RILL.
Mr.'DOOLITTLE. I move now that we take
up the tariff bill and go on with that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. It. No. 338) to provide for
the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Simmons
to strike out the fourth section of the bill and
insert a substitute for it.
Mr. GWIN. I have been requested—on the
subject of the tariff, and all the votes that may be
taken to-day—to pair off with the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who is sick, and who
cannot be brought to the Senate to vote on this
question without serious inconvenience, and prob-
ably danger. I have determined to accommodate
that Senator, and therefore shall not vote on tins,
or any other question that comes up to-day, con-
nected with this bill, as I have been paired off
with him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting in line seven, after the word
<4of " the words "the bonds constituting the," so
as to read "the par value of the bonds constitut-
ing the said stock;" and m the twenty-third line,
to putin after the woid "when," the words "pay-
ment in that mode is;" and then in the twenty-
fourth line, after the word "made," to insert "at
their par value in com-" so that the notes may
pass for com, when people want them.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
as modified by the mover.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it. m order to move an
amendment to the amendment now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not object to the amend-
ment generally; but I think the sum of $20 is too
small for a Treasury note. I move to strike out
" twenty" in the tenth line and insert " fifty."
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 8, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. 1 beg leave to make one remark.
I shall vote m the affirmative; but I think $50
too small a sum. I think $100 ought to be the
smallest Treasury note ever issued.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—}Ic&sr?. BavauU Bi/jler, Bi.tgru, Blight, Chngr-
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Giocn, john?-on ol Ailcan<-a>. John-
son of Tcimcbsco, Kennedy, king. Lane. Latham, ivl'u-ou,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Itiec. Sebastian, and Thomson —
21
NAYS—Messrs Anthony. Bingham, Cameron, Ch.md-
lcr, Ciatk, Dixon, Doohule. Fosemk'ii, Foot, Fo-tei,
Gnmcs. llule, Harlan, Hemphill, Sowaul Simmon-* Sum-
nei.TeuEvek, Ttmnbuli, Wade, Wilkinson,and Wilson—
22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I ha^e another amendment to
propose I shall vote against the amendment as
i it now stands, because I do not conceive that the
! United States ought to issue $20 notes to circu-
| late through this country as a currency; but the
j amendment which I shall now offer to the amend-
I mcnt, I presume will not bo objected to. It is
{ provided here that " itshall be at the option of the
; holders of thcTrcasury notes, hereby authorized
j by this act, to exchange the same for the stock
heroin authorized at par, and in lieu of which said
; Treasury notes were issued." I thmk there ought
to be some limitation upon them. Under it cer-
tificates of stock for $20 may be issued by the
United States in exchange for the Treasury notes.
I suppose that was not the intention ofthc amend-
ment, though I do not know. We have never yet
issued certificates of stock for so small an amount
as $20; and I think it would be preferable to insert
a limitation as to the amount. I move to amend
the amendment by adding this clause at the end
of it:
Provided, That no certificate shall be exchanged for
Treasury notes in sums less than $1,000.
Mr. SIMMONS and Mr. FESSENDEN.
Say §500.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Wc have never issued less
than $1,000 bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there will be no
objection to the amendment, if the Senator will
lix the limitation at $500.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, say $500. I am sat-
isfied with that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it better to say
$1,000.
Mr. BAYARD. I will stand by the amend-
ment fixtng it at £1,000; and if the Senate pre-
fer $500, that will be no objection to me. I shall
leave it to the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. Is it hi order to amend the
pioposition of the Senator from Delaware?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to having
it $500; and if the Senator from Delaware will fix
it at $500, I will vote to put in his proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it stands at $500
now. I believe he put that in at my sugges-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment stands ut §1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the Senator
adopted my suggestion to fix it at $500
Mr. CLARK. Pie said he would try $1,000
first.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr.BAYARD. Now, I move the same amend-
ment, with a modification of the amount, insert-
ing $500 instead of $1,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out the word "and,"inline thirty-eight,and
inserting the words, "or for bonds." These
Treasury notes will take the place of several loans,
and 1 want them to be paid for in bonds, if the
holders desire to change them for all the loans.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as it has been amended.
The amendment of Mr. Simmoks, as amended,
is to strike out section four of the bill, after^the
enacting clause, and insert, in lieu thereof:
That m case the proposals made foi said loan, or for so
much thereof as the exigencies of the public service shall
reqmie, shall not be satisfactory, the President of the Uni-
ted States shall he, and hereby authorized to decline to
acrept such oftei if tor less than the pai value of the bonds
consuming the said stock, and in lieu thereof, and to the
extent and amount of the loan authorized to be made by
this- act, to j<duc Tie.isury notes forsumanot less than§20,
beann« interest ar the rate ot 6 pei centum per annum, pay-
able semi-annually on the Isr du\s of January and July in
each year, atpiopor places of payment, to be prescribed by
the Secretdiv, with the approval ofthc President; andun-
der the like encumbrances and conditions, the President of
the United State* i  hereby authon/.edto substitute Treas-
ury note- of equal ammint for the whole oi any part of any
] of thc loans for which lie i^ now by law authorized tocon-
• tiaetand issue bonds. And tin: Treasuiy notes so issued
under the authoiity hciein given, shall he icceived in pay-
ment tor ail debts due to the United States when offered,
and m like inannei -hall be i>iven in payment for any sum
due from the U,ut<\l rotate- when pnjment in that modf is
loquo-tod hv the* pes-on to whom payment is to be made,
at their pas value in com. And the faith of the United
States h luui'bj pledged 101 the due payment of the inter-
cut and the i edtmpiion of the principal ofthc stock or Treas-
ury notes which may be issued undei the authority of this
