1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
law. He docs not complain that the Fpderal Ad-
ministration has not done its duty under the law.
He makes no such complaint of Mr. Buchanan
or of Mr. Pierce or of Mr. Fillmore, and those
arc the only Presidents we have had since his
law took effect. If they have performed their
duty in good faith under the law, and yet the
obligations of the Constitution are not fulfilled,
there must be a defcct in the law. If the law
which he gave us,and which, at the time, he sup-
posed was sufficient to perform the constitutional
obligation, has proved to be insufficient, I should
suppose that he would see the propriety of bring-
ing forward an amendment to his own law, in-
stead of referring the matter to a convention of
the people of Virginia. If that law is not suf-
ficient to perform the constitutional obligation, it
is his duty and mine to make it sufficient. I am
ready to-uay to vote for any supplementary law
that may be necessary and proper to carry out
in good faith that obligation of the Constitution.
-If the Senator will indicate it, will prepare it, and
bring it into the Senate, I doubt not that it will
be passed before the 4th of March, and become
the law of the land.
Then, sir, why is it that the non-execution of
a law, or a defect in an act of Congress, cannot
be remedied in Congress, but must be referred to
a convention of the States? And what sort of a
convention of the States is proposed? Not a con-
vention of all the States; but it is proposed that
the southern States shall go into convention by
themselves, and the northern States by them-
selves; and when they get into separate conven-
tions the same misapprehensions that have blinded
the judgment of Senators here will blind the judg-
ment of the conventions; and each convention
will criminate against the other section, and have
nobody there to expose the error. The Senator
thinks it a misfortune that we have got upon these
details. I am delighted that we have some spe-
cifications, so that wc can discuss details. All I
ask is, that the specification of grievances shall be
made out. Give us each charge and each specifi-
cation. If there is any one that can be substanti-
ated, I will vote for the necessary legislation and
the necessary power in the Executive to remove
it; and every one that is not true should be aban-
doned. I hold that there is-«o grievance growing
out of a non-fulfillment of constitutional obliga-
tions, which cannot be remedied under the Con-
stitution and within the Union; and I hold that
every constitutional obligation imposed by that
instrument must be executed by the Federal Gov-
ernment. If legislation is necessary, Congress is
the proper tribunal to furnish that legislation, and
not conventions of the separate States. These
suggestions of conventions by separate States it
is easy to understand. It is departing from the
Constitution of our country. The Constitution
does not prescribe that as a mode of fulfilling con-
stitutional obligations. The Constitution has
pointed out a mode by which constitutional obli-
gations shall be fulfilled. When legislation is
nceessary, let us enact it. Let him who says
there is not the requisite legislation point out the
defect, and bring in the bill that will afford the
requisite legislation. Then, if the Executive does
not fulfill his duty by executing the laws faith-
fully, let us have him impeached. The Consti-
tution has prescribed the mode of doing it; has
pointed out the tribunal to impeach him, and
the tribunal to try lum. So long as there is no
complaint that the Executive has not done his
duty, it follows either that the laws have been
faithfully executed, or that there is a defect in
them. If there is a defect in the law, it is the fault
of theSenator from Virginia and myself that such
defect exists; and, as he framed the law, he, of all
men on earth, is under the highest moral obliga-
tion to revise his own work, and give us a good
law, and not break up the Government because
he framed a bad law, and refuses to correct the
error.
Mr. WIGFALL obtained the floor.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, one word 
Mr. WIGFALL. I have but a few words to
say myself.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it right that the Sen-
ator from Virginia should be heard in response
to me.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Ilhnots points
out no defcct in the existing fugitive slave law,
and I am unaware of any defcct in it; I have
never heard of any defect in it; and yet the Sen-
ator says that if we do not recover our slaves it
must be by reason of a defect in the law, and that
we are at fault because we do not supply the de-
fect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Either a defect in the law or
a defect in the administration of the law. If you
do not recover your property in a case where you
bring it before the courts, that is the fault in the
administration of the law; but if you do not
bring it before the courts, it is your fault, not
ours.
Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator ex-
pects to operate in the slightest degree on public
sentiment in the South by meeting their allega-
tions of grievances under the Union by that mode
of argument, I say to him, with all respect, he
will not only not do it, but he will actually in-
flame it. What I want to present is this; unless
wo have evidences from the people in the conven-
tions of the States to show us to the contrary, by
adequate and undoubted security in some form,
we are becoming satisfied that we cannot with
honorremainunaera common Government. That
is all.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me, for a moment, to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Virginia? That Senator is aware,
I presume, that in the Prigg case the Supreme
Court decided that it was the exclusive power and
duty of Congress to legislate under that clause of
the Constitution. Is he not aware that it was
further decided in that case that all State legisla-
tion in aid of the return of fugitive slaves was un-
constitutional and void? Is he not aware that that
is the decision which blocks up any aid by State
legislation in favor of returning fugitives?
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois says that he is gratified that we are
going into details, discussing minor points—one
of which was incidentally alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Georgia; for, in tho catalogue of griev-
ances, he mentioned incidentally this matter of
the non-execution of the fugitive slave bill. It is
a matter that concerns very few States, and those
that are concerned about it seem perfectly con-
tent. That does not go to the gist 
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator let us adjourn ?
Mr. WIGFALL. No, 1 will not adjourn. I
have something to say before I can agree to ad-
journ. I beg the Senator's pardon if I answered
him brusquely. I did not so mean.
■ The Senator from Illinois says that he is glad
we are going into details, and making specifica-
tions; and he pledges himself here before the
country, and as a Senator, that if we will make
out our list of grievances, and state the specifica-
tions, he, by his vote, will remove them. Now,
sir, I accept the pledge, and I will state a griev-
ance. It is, that the inhabitants of a Territory,
gathered from every quarter of the world—from
the Five Points of New York and the purlieus
of London—under homestead bills, have squatted
upon domain that belongs to these States; that
they, in their arrogance and impudence, counte-
nanced by men whose opinions have in other
days weighed with the people of the United States,
and in open violation of the organic law, (if such
a term can be applied to a mere parchment writing
that passes the Federal Legislature,) in open vio-
lation of the law of Congress that organized the
Territory, have attempted to decide what is prop-
erty and what is not, and to confiscate it. Now,
I ask the Senator from Illinois whether he will
vote to repeal their unconstitutional, illegal legis-
lation, and whether he will vote, in order to re-
store peace to the country, for enforcing the laws
and protecting the rights of the people of the
South in their property within the Territories?
That is one of the grievances under which we
are excited, under which we are suffering. It is
one of the points that has excited the public mind
as much as any other, and the country in which
I live infinitely more than the fugitive slave bill,
or all other bills upon that question. It is this
attempt of the inhabitants of a Territory to as-
sume powers which are denied, in this day and
generation, the people of sovereign States.
Now 1 put it to the Senator from Illinois. I
wish no dodging. Our proposition is, that slaves
are property. We say that they are property by
the laws of the States in which we live. Wo say
that they arc recognized as property by the Fed-
eral Constitution. Three times in that compact
are they recognized as property. First, there is
a provision that, before the year 1808, the slave
trade should not be interrupted. Then it was
recognized as a legitimate matter of commerce.
The slave trade could not by Congress be inter-
fered with for twenty years. It was the only
branch of trade that could not be interfered with.
Tbis was a clear, distinct recognition of the prin-
ciple that man has the right to own property in
man—yes, sir, and to traffic in the souls and'
bodies of meri. That is in the Constitution.
Another recognition of slaves as property is in
the further provision that when they escape they
shall be delivered up on claim of their owners.
The third is the provision as to taxation and rep-
resentation. We say, then, that slaves are prop-
erty by the law of the land; by our own State
constitutions and State laws; that slaves are
recognized in the Federal Constitution as prop-
erty. We say that within our own limits we
will protect that species of property. Within
the limits of the States where it is daot property,
we ask no protection. We say that in.all Fed-
eral territory, in this District of Columbia, on
board our merchant vessels when three miles
from shore, wherever the Federal flag floats, or
the Federal laws extend, or the Federal courts
have jurisdiction, there we are entitled to pro-
tection unless this Government is unlike any
other Government that ever was instituted by
man, and is not pledged to protect the property
of citizens that is within and under its jurisdic-
tion. These being our views, we demand that
in the District of Columbia, in the forts, in the
navy-yards, in the dock-yards, on board of our
merchantvessels when three miles from land, and
in the Territories, that species of property shall
be protected by Federal legislation. Will the
Senator give us that protection ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the question
of the Senator. I think he is utterly mistaken in
supposing that that is the cause of complaint. I
think he is utterly mistaken in supposing the
Union is to be dissolved because of the violation
of southern rights in that matter 
Mr. WIGFALL. Though I took my seat, I
gave way simply that the Senator might answer
my question. If he is going to answer it, enough;
if not, I propose to go on.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I propose to answer by
showing that that is not a cause of grievance; and
I prove it by the Journal of this body, because a
majority of this Senate, the Senator included,
voted under oath this very year, that that is not
the cause.
Mr. WIGFALL. Show it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I am not mistaken
as to the Senator's vote. When the resolutions
of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
were up, and an amendment was offered by the
other Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
declaring that there was now a necessity for le-
gislation to protect slave property in the Territo-
ries, the Senate voted it down. They voted that
there was no such cause existing; that no such
outrage had occurred as to create a necessity for
legislation by this"Government, and consequently
they would not cnact it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator turn_ to
tho record? because I do not care about being
tried without it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The record is here. I make
the statement.
Mr. WIGFALL. I deny it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When those resolutions
were brought up, the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] moved to amend by saying that a
cause now existed; and he brought in, also, a
bill to protect slave property in the Territories,
and the Senate voted it down on the ground that
the necessity does not now exist, although they
thought the time might come when it would.
Mr. WIGFALL. No, sir. I deny it flatly
and unqualifiedly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not, sir, at this late
hour, go into the record, because it would take
some time to hunt it up and present it; but I am
ready to hunt it up. But the statement that this
Union is to be dissolved because of an apprehen-
sion that wc will not do what no one of these
gentlemen has brought in a bill to do, is a very
extraordinary declaration. If the grievance is
that we have not passed laws to protect slavery
