1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
tucky paper, some items in regard to this matter
of currency. The circulation is a subject of con-
tinual agitation. I never knew a hard time come
about but what one class of politicians would
blame the banks for having too much circulation
out, and another for having too little. I see that
the Senate of Kentucky have undertaken to lec-
ture their banks for having too little paper money
afloat according to their basis. We know that,
if they had much more paper out than they had
specie, they would be lectured for having too
much out. If they do not get out enough, they
are lectured for that. You cannot get any paper
money but what is subject to be lectured by men
who make lecturing their business, and who are
never satisfied with the banks or the bankers;
who always insist that the banks have either too
much or too little money afloat. You cannot fix
it any way to suit them. I see that the banks of
Kentucky have out about $9,000,000 of paper
on a basis of about §5,000,000 of coin; and the
Senate of Kentucky have called them to order to
see whether or not they ought not to discount
$4,000,000 more. The difficulty is, that they do
not discount paper. It is not because they have
not money, but the banks are a little cautious
about pa per now; and men who cannot get money
at the banks want the State to interpose and make
the banks lend money on poor paper. It will be
so always. We ought to try and take care of the
Government; let them have the means of sustain-
ing themselves without ruinous loans. That is
all this amendment proposes.
Mr. BAYARD. It is difficult to see the con-
nection between the operations of the banks of
Kentucky and the Treasury of the United States,
in reference to the amendment of the Senator fiom
Rhode Island, or my amend men t to it. His amend-
ment proposes to give apower,connected with an
emergency, in relation to our fiscal affairs. It is
always the case, where we issue Treasury notes,
that we limit their issue to a certain time. I pro-
pose to limit the power, in this case, until an-
other Congress will have time to continue them
—for that is all they would have to do—if they
find that the existing state of things in the coun-
try at that time requires the continuance. I do
not propose to affect the notes that have been
issued; but to take away the power, after the
30th of December, 1861,.to issue any more notes,
or pay them out; not to prevent the redemption of
those that stand out or have been previously
issued.
The honorable Senator makes it an objection
to this amendment of mine, that it only gives the
power for six months. It ought not to be i^iven
for more than six months, or three months, if the
emergency does not extend beyond that time.
There will be a Congress m session (whether you
have an extra session or not) before that time;
and all they will have to do, if the condition of
the country requires the extension of time within
which it may be within the power of the Execu-
tive to issue these notes, will be to extend it by a
few lines of legislation, to pass a bill saying that
the time shall be extended for so long. But have
we ever before issued a Treasury note without
limiting the time within which it should be issued
by the Government? Here you propose, in this
amendment,unrestricted, togivethegcneral power
to the Government, without limiting the time, to
issue Treasury notes in payment of its duties,
and to that extent to take the place of money. I
do not think that that is a propwr discretion to
trust to any Executive. I do not see the neces-
sity of that, arising out of the emergency. If the
credit of the Government, under existing circum-
stances, is unable to procure the loan at par, the
idr'a is, that then the emergency justifies it in pay-
ing out these notes to its creditor, if the creditor
is willing to reccive them. Veiy well; but in
what sums? In a sum that wo have never au-
thorized before—$20. The honorable Senator
says that is not a currency, because it carries in-
terest. It will become practically a currency, carry
interest or not. The object is to make a paper
currency for the people of this country; and if
the want of limitation is adhered to, its effect is to
be a permanent paper currency issued by the Fed-
eral Government for circulation throughout this
country The amount of the notes shows that,
and the rejection of the amendment proposing the
increase of the amount to $50 renders it more cer-
tainly. I hope now, that at least this power to
flood the country with an irredeemable currency,
founded on the idea of an emergency, as regards
our fiscal affairs, will not bo carried to that ex-
tent; but that the limitation will be imposed upon
the po-wcr of the Executive to issue notes of that
kina until another Congress can assemble, for it
will lequire no discussion, na extended bill, in
order to carry the power further if the emergency
requires it. Congress meets on the first Monday
of December. By r/iy amendment, the power can
be exerted until the 30th of December. Then, if
the condition of the country requires that the
power shall be extended further, the most simple
legislation, a bill of a few words, enables you to
carry it further still. I hope my amendment will
be adopted, though I object to the amendment in
the form of $20 notes, any way.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, so far as the
substitution of the Treasury notes for a loan is
concerned, I would not object to it.. I think that
would be a wise financial amendment; but there
are features in this particular amendment which,
it seems to me, must defeat it when they come to
be understood. There is no limitation of time
within which they may be issued and reissued;
and when once in the possession of a holder, he
may keep them forever. There is no authority
on the part of the United States to call them in
after a certain period, in order to pay them. The
only way in which they can come in, is in receipt
of the public revenue. They may be taken in
receipt for public dues; but there is no .mode in
which the United States can call them in. If the
Senator will strike out the provision making the
denomination of $20, and let it be §50, as the
other Treasury notes have been, and give power
to issue and reissue within two years—I am will-
ing to give two years, which is "the longest limit
ever given—then I think it will be better than the
attempt to issue stock in these times. There are
various ways, when the Treasury is hard run,
in which a Treasury note may be passed off.
There are persons who would be willing to take
them in receipt of dues when you could not pay
them stock; but, without these limits, it would
be exceedingly unsafe—a mere currency. There
is no provision in the amendment which enables
the United States to call them in at any time, no
matter if it had millions in the Treasury. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator from Rhode Island,
if he will put in that restriction, that they shall
not issue or reissue except within the space of
two years, and that the United States, at anytime
after that, may call them in, and strike out $20,
and insert $50 as the denomination—I am willing
to go as low as $50—1 shall then vote for his amend-
ment. Treasury notes of the denomination of
$50 we have tried, and I am willing to issue them
at as low a denomination as we ever did before;
but without these limitations it would be utterly
unsafe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to have thatamend-
ment reported. I was out when it was offered,
and that is my excuse for troubling the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows: to insert as
an additional proviso:
slntf provided furthei, That the authority ioN«uetlie said
TreaMii v notes, or givo the fame in payment tor debt® due
: from the United States, shall be hunted to the 30th day of
| Deceinbei, A. D. I8GI.
| Mr. SIMMONS. I will suggest an amendment
j to come m at the close of the amendment already
made as a proviso:
Said Treasury notes to be paid or iedecmed,atthe pleas-
ure of the Government, at'iei two yuar.-.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator propose to
add that to the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware'
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I propose to insert
it in lieu of it. We do not want these Treasury
rotes payable next December There will be a
$10,000,000 batch issued this year payable then,
which arc now out at ten per cent, interest. We
do not want them all to come due next Decem-
ber.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest now another
compromise between the Senator from Rhode
Island and the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not make any compro-
mise of that sort.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest it, and then he
can see whether he will make it or not. I pro-
pose to give the Government power to issue them
for one year from the 1st of July, 1861; Congress
will meet in the mean time; and make them re-
deemable two years after the expiration of the 1st
of July, 1861.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have made them redeem-
able in two years now.
Mr. HUNTER. That is right. Now, I hope
the Senator will consent to the other modifica-
tion.
Mr. BAYARD. I am willing to amend my
amendment by saying, " the 30th day of June,
1862," and I will alter it in that way. Instead of
the 30th of December, I will say the 30th day of
June, 1862.
Mr. HUNTER. " After which time they may
be redeemable at the Treasury of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not after that; but after
two years.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it read, "and the same
may be redeemable after the 1st of July, 1863, at
the pleasure of the Government."
Mr. BAYARD. I will say this: " all the notes
under this provision shall be redeemable within
two years from the time of their issue."
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest that, for the
convenience of the Department, they ought to be
redeemable on the same day, and not to have a
different period for each note. There ought to
be one period at which all can be brought in.
Mr. bAYARD. Yery well; I have no objec-
tion to that. Let the Senator alter the amend-
ment to suit himself in that respect.
Mr. HUNTER. Then let it read: "redeem-
able at the Treasury of the United States two
years after the date of the passage of this act,"
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Redeemable at the
Treasury of the United States at any time after
two years from the passage of this act."
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. Let the Secretary
add those words.
Mr. SIMMONS. That I will agree to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does the Senator
agree as to the time of issuing them: that the Gov-
ernment shall not issue them after one year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would have them for two
years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other side will not
agree to that. Say that the power to issue shall
be for one year, from the 30th of June next, I
think that will do very- well.*
Mr. HUNTER. Now, sir, I ask that the
amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment, as modified by the mover,
will be read.
The Secretary read it: to insert an additional
proviso:
And provided further, That the authority to issue the said
Treasmy notes, or give the same in payment for debts due
from the United States, shall be limited to the 30th day of
June, 1862, and that the same may be redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States, at any time within two years
after the passage of this act; and that the said notes shall
cease to bear interest, after they shall have been callcd in
by the Secrctaiy ot the Treasury under the provisions of
this act.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a part of the amend-
ment "which I think, as the Senator will see, there
is no necessity for. It is that portion which says
they shall be receivable in payment of the public
dues. That ought to be stricken out. They should
be receivable for public dues at all times.
Mr. BAYARD. That is not a part of my
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Yery well.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- The question
now recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, as amended.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Rhode
Island said lie would never compromise it; but I
suggest to him to change the amount of these
notes from $20 to $50, and there wili be no diffi-
culty in adopting his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. We have just had a vote on
that proposition, and debated it an hour, and then
voted it down.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator from Virginia
had been in, we would have carried it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must vote against this
amendment, on account of the denomination of
the notes being put at §20; and yet I believe the
