1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Senator is right in preferring Treasury notes to
a loan. Is there no way by which wc can have
another vote in a full Senate upon it ? I am told
if the Senate had been full, it would have been
voted down. I was absent. I heSt forgotten that
the Senate met to-day at eleven o'clock; and they
tell me if I had been here we could have carried
such an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can have another
vote on it in the Senate. The bill is now in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well, sir; we will try
it again in the Senate.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 17, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK calledforthe yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, cannot
there be a reconsideration of the vote upon the
proposed amendment, to strike out $20 and insert
$50, as the denomination of these notes? Would
it not be in order to move a reconsideration of the
vote rejecting that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The recon-
sideration of the vote would be in order but that
the calling of the roll has commenced, and the
Senator from Rhodo Island has answered to his
name.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was on the floor, and
had addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
recognize the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will move a recon-
sideration of the vote on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Delaware, to strike out$20,
and insert 50. That will harmonize the views of
Senators. I make that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to strikeout $20 and insert
§50.
Mr. BRAGG. Let us have the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yens and nays wore ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When this question was
last before the Senate, I voted against this amend-
ment, although that vote was against my judg-
ment. I am of opinion that these certificates
ought not to be at less than $50; but, under the
circumstances of the country, I was disposed to
allow them to be issued at as low denomination
as was at all consistent with my views of pro-
priety, in order that we might appeal from the
great bankers and money-lenders to the people,
that they may be enabled to lend their assistance
to sustain the Government in its emergecy. My
opinion still is, that the friends of this measure
had better have the issue of these certificates
changed to #50 from #20. I hope they will ac-
cept this amendment.
Mr. IIUNTER. I suppose, by general con-
sent, the call for the yeas and nays can be with-
draw. I think the amendment will be adopted
without the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRAGG. I will withdraw the call, by
permission of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the call for yeas and nays will be con-
sidered as withdrawn.
Mr. SIMMONS. I object. I want to have
the ye.is and nays on that amendment.
ThePUESlDINGOFFICER. Objection being
made to the withdrawal of the call, the question
must ho taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 have generally been as
much opposed to issuing Treasury notes as any-
body, and X should not have offered this amend-
ment to the bill if I had not believed there was a
stern necessity for it. I believe—there have been
such rumors m the papers, and I believe them to
be true—that there is a sort of combination of'
capitalists, and an understanding that they will
not lend this Government money unless they can
control its action. I have nothing to say against
capitalists, or as to whom they shall lend money; i
but 1 want to give thcGovernmentof my country 1
a chance to appeal to the people of the country
for aid, when those who generally lend money
choose to lock it up. That is the only reason that ;
I propose to issue these notes in these small |
sums. The Emperor Napoleon III, when he
went into the war with Austria in reference to
Italy, issued scrip of lOOf,—$18 75 each bond—
and put that paper out to the people, and opened
his subscription. He asked for a loan of the sum
of 500,000,000f., and there were 1,400,000,000 or
1,500,000,OOOf. subscribed. I believe our people
are as patriotic as the French; and if we give them
a chance, and bring these notes within their
means, they wili take them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I trust this
amendment will not prevail. It is very possible
that it may be necessary to pay these Treasury
notes to contractors—those who furnish supplies
for the Government, mail contractors, even to
members of Congress—and in that case it is very
desirable that these notes should be of such a de-
nomination that they may be transferred, easily
broken, not in large amounts, that they may even
pass as currency, if you please. It is well known,
sir, that our circumstances are now peculiar. Our
credit has been badly damaged—damaged in a
way in which the credit of no Government was
ever damaged before. We have had a Secretary
of the Treasury in the market with bonds of this
Government, proclaiming, at the very moment he
uttered those bonds, that they were worthless.
We have had a Secretary of War issuing his ille-
gal acceptances by millions, until the people of
this country have lost confidence in your Gov-
ernment. They have had reason to lose confi-
dence in it; it was not entitled to confidence.
Sir, there will beadi/ferent stateof facts within
the next three months. In the mean time, I trust
wc may make an appeal to the patriotic sentiment
of the people of this country. If the bankers of
the great cities refuse to lend us money, I will go
to the people of the rural districts and appeal to
their patriotism, to their love of country, to the
love of their flag, and I will get all the money you
want, sir; I care not whether it is $10,000,000, or
#50,000,000, or $100,000,000. New York city may
close and lock her vaults! I care not a rush if
she does. It is well known that since God rained
fire and brimstone upon Sodom, cities have been
the great marts of corruption. They arc so now.
They have always been so. Cities have always
been ready to buy immunity, and never ready to
fight font. Cities have always been ready to buy
peace—never ready to furnish men to fight for
their rights. Sir, if all the cities of this continent
containing a population of a hundred thousand
inhabitants and upwards were swept from the
face of the earth, our country would be quite as
strong as it is to-day. We should hear less dis-
union croaking, less fears expressed that we could
not carry on the Government, less threats that
unless this, that, or the other thing was done, wc
should not have money, and the wheels of the
Government should stop. Sir, the wheels of this
Government will not stop.
This is a great peace measure. This is a direct
appeal to the mass of the people. Sir, I will go
into the State of Michigan with your Treasury
notes of $20 and upwards, and wherever I find a
man that has $20, I will find a man who will take
one of these bonds that are to be issued by the
Government. I hope that the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to ask the Senator
whether it is true that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has expressed a desire that the bonds of the
United States should be indorsed by the States?
1 see something on the subject in the papers.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know, sir.
Air. CLINGMAN. I supposed, from the man-
ner in which the Senator had spoken of the abil-
ity and the power of the Government, &c., that
there must be a mistake in this idea that some of
the States arc coming forward and proposing to
indorse its bonds, to give it credit. It used to
have a higher credit than any State in the Union.
Now it seems to have fallen so low that the States,
either by the advice of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or of their own motion, voluntarily come for-
ward and offer to indorse its paper, to enable it to
get money on the same terms" that individuals
get it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from North Carolina why the credit of
this Government has fallen so low?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think it is obvious to
everybody. A portion of the States have seceded;
and others are going to secede, unless there is a
change of policy on the part of those who now
control the Government, or who will control it
after the 4th of March next. I think that is per-
fectly clear.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I would ask the Sen-
ator why the credit of the Government has fallen
in this way ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It has fallen because you
have had traitors in your Cabinet. You have had
men in the Cabinet who, at the very time they
wereissuingbondsand evidences of debt, declared
to the world that they were worthless. You have
had other traitors in your Cabinet, who have been
issuing illegal bonds by the million, and I had
almost said tens of millions of dollars; and these,
in untold millions, are now in the hands of your
moneyed men, scattered throughout the length
and breadth of this land, as worthless as the paper
upon which they are drawn; and now you taunt
us with a depreciated national credit. Sir, had it
been understood from the beginning that this Gov-
ernment would be maintained at all hazards—had
there not been traitors in your Cabinet and imbe-
ciles in yourpresidential chair—yourcredit to-day
would have stood as high as it ever stood.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator, before he takes his seat, if he
assigns the true reason for this failure of the Gov-
ernment's credit, why is it, now that all these men
are out of the Cabinet, and good men are in their
places, that its credit did not rise again ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It has risen; but the Dem-
ocratic party are not out of power yet. Those
who have been guilty of all these corruptions and
frauds and thefts and peculations are yet in the
seats of power. The party is in power, although
the individuals may be out.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator, inasmuch as the Democracy will be out in
two weeks, if the credit of the Government is
going to be raised so high on the 4th of March,
what is the necessity of all this legislation ?
Mr. CLARK. I will tell the Senator from
North Carolina, with the permission of the Sen-
ator from Michigan. It is because you have got
it so low that it takes some time to get it up again.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then why is it necessary
to have this indorsement of the States? You do
not expect to use all this money in two weeks;
and everybody understands that the Government
goes into your hands on the 4th of March. If the
character of your Administration will be such,
when you have control of the finances, as to raise
the crcdit of the Government, surely you can get
along for two weeks, until that time arrives.
Mr. CLARK. This measure is to enable us
to raise it. We do not ask the States to indorse
the paper of this Government. We ask you to
put these bonds out in small sums so that small
holders of money can take them-^and we will put
our arms and our small means around this Gov-
ernment, and we will hold it so fast that no trai-
tors shall overthrow it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Why is it that they can'
not get crcdit upon the same terms as past Ad-
ministrations? Mr. Buchanan's administration,
when it had to borrow money at an early day,
did not have to resort to this expedient. No Ad-
ministration has done it heretofore. Why is it
that the Senator's Administration that is to come
in cannot get along like every other Administra-
tion we have had since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. CLARK. I will tell the Senator. A Dem-
ocratic Administration has borrowed so many
times in the same quarter, and has reported so
many times that the bonds are worthless, that
even the men we borrowed of will not now lend.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to make a very
few remarks on this amendment; and I shall not
occupy the attention of the Senate more than five
minutes. I have often voted for Treasury notes,
as I am reminded by my friend from Rhode Island;
and with the amendments that have been made,
the Treasury notes proposed to be issued by this
amendment will be neaily of the same character
of those I have voted for. I have no opposition
to the issuing of Treasury notes. 1 think it is a
valuable resource of the Government; but we must
take care to limit their issue to their proper func-
tion; not to issue by means of them a currency,
but to relieve the Treasury from a sudden emer-
gency, a sudden exigency. That is a proper use
of them, as has always been held here by all par-
