1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
fully; but I did regard that as a great principle,
end under those circumstances F voted against
both resolutions that have been referred to.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator, I will move that the Senate do now adjourn,
in order that lie may continue his remarks.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senate seems to be
thin, and Senators seem to be fatigued. I have
no objection to the Senate adjourning now, and
making the few remarks I intend to make in the
morning. I therefore yield to the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the.Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 11, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m, Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LEACH, ofNorth Carolina,said he came
into, the House yesterday suffering from indis-
position; that duringthe discussion on theamend-
ment to the Treasury note bill, introduced by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] he
became too unwell to remain longer; and that,
had he been present, he should have voted in the
affiimativeon the first branch of said amendment.
REPORT FROM THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting the information called for by resolution
of the House of Representatives, showing the
distances by the usual mail routes from the post
office of each Senator and Representative in Con-
gress to the city of Washington; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Mileage, and ordered
to be printed.
NEW YORK CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAX^ER also laid before the House the
testimony in the New York contested-election
case, as to the seat of Mr. Sickles; winch was
referred to the Committee of Elections, and or-
dered to be printed.
SERVICE ON SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER declared the business in order
to be the motion of Mr. Hawkins, to be excused
from service on the special committee of one from
each State, to which was referred that portion of
the President's message relating to secession move-
ments.
Mr. COBB. It is notmypurpose,Mr. Speaker,
to occupy the time of the House by any extended
remarks on this subject. lam satisfied that the
eyes of the whole country are now directed to the
proceedings of tins House, watching what this
House will do, and what report this special com-
mittee will make. I am anxious myself to sec
the report of that committee, hoping—although I
must confess, such hopes are faint—that some
food may result from the action of the committee,
f anything is to be done to save my State, it
must be done immediately. The election for dele-
gates to the convention takes place on the 24th of
this month, and the convention meets on the 7th
of next month. I would like to make known my
views in relation to the various questions that
have brought about the excitement which now
pervades the whole land, but a sense of duty ad-
monishes me to withhold the expression of those
views and to ask that the previous question be
sustained, in order that we may have a vote on
excusing the gentleman from Florida, as we will
have to go over the same ground in relation to other
members of the committee. If we take up so
much time in discussing the questions that are
to come before the committee, the committee itself
will not be able to take hold of the subject now
agitating the country; and men's minds will be
kept m agitated suspense.
What mean the crowded galleries hereto-day?
The question is easily answered. It shows the
excitement which pervades the public mind, not
only here but all over the country. The people
are looking daily and hourly for this House to
do something. Shall I now monopolize the time
which ought to be used by this committee in dis-
cussingthe questions which will necessarily come
up before them, and come up before the House
after the report shall have been made ? I think I
ought not to do so; and I trust that the House,
when I ask the previous question under these
considerations, will stop this debate, organize the
special committee, and submit the question to
their consideration; so that they may, if they
can, present something to cause harmony among
the people of the country. The papers this morn-
ing reflect a gleam of light from Boston, which
may, perhaps, have a tendency to quiet the pub-
lic mind. Let the people of the northern States
meet in convention, and let them, whenever elec-
tions are pending, give demonstration to the
country that there is now a returning sense of
justice, and that the questions which agitated the
country will be taken hold of by the people them-
selves.
I hope that the committee will be allowed to
engage in the duties assigned to them, arid en-
deavor to present something to the consideration
of the House and thecountry. It is possible that the
committee may be able to do something to har-
monize the country. I know that my State will
not remain in this Confederacy longer than the
15th of January, unless something be done. My
prayer is that somethin^may be done by which
that State may remain in this Union upon consti-
tutional and equal principles. Iam not a seces-
sionist. I desire peace. But, sir, I desire thafcmy
State may be awarded her rights under the Con-
stitution. If that can be done, may God help us
to remain in the Union so long as the sun shines!
but if not, then my prayers will not be sent forth
for the perpetuity of this happy Government. I
call the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the gen-
tleman from Alabama will withdraw that demand
for the present. I desire to detain the House for
four or five minutes only.
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw the demand, hoping
that the gentleman will renew it when he shall
havo concludcd.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, the
members from Florida [Mr. Hawkins] and from
South Carolina [Mr. Royce] have each requested
this House to relieve them from serving on ihis
committee, and have given their reasons therefor.
It may notbe improper to give some explanation
of my determined course of action. I accept the
appointment, and shall meet with the committee.
For this I may be blamed here—I may be censured
at home; still, since my judgment dictates this
course as proper, and my conscience approves, I
defy the world's opinion.
T stand here to-day, not the Representative of
my own preferences, but the interest of fourteen
thousand voters in my district. Their interests
and their wishes shall be the rule of my action
while I hold a seat upon this floor.
I must be allowed to express my regret thai
the resolution creating this committfe came from
a southern member. It, however, did, and from
a distinguished son of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, and was indorsed by a very large majority
of members from the southern States. I cannot
therefore consider it dishonorable to serve on k.
While I expect nothing useful to the harmony of
the country from the action of this committee, I
shall guard against its being made to operate to
arrest the present action of the southern States
in the progress they are making to secure their
equality and their rights out of the Union, since
they are unable to obtain them in it.
In my judgment, a proper respect for the dig- i
nity of the South demands that the members on
the committee from the southern States should all
withdraw, and leave the Republican members to
meet, consult, and submit an ultimatum for the
separate consideration of the several delegations
from the southern States. Since, however, this
will not be done, I shall act with them in the hope
that no southern member will so far disregard his
self-respect as to propose terms to the northern
members. 1 am of the opinion that our present
Constitution is quite ample to secure to the south-
ern States all rights, State and individual, if hon-
estly and faithfully administered in strict accord-
ance with itsletterandspirit", and as the conscience
of the Republican party will not allow it thus to
be executed, I do not hope we can find any se-
curity in any compromise or in any reconstruc-
tion of the Constitution. The only safe guarantee
we can rely upon is evidence that fanaticism has
been extinguished in the mind of the people of
the North, and that a sense of justice has been
restored. It has well been said, "Our Union
rests upon public opinion." Then, if it lives at
all, it must live in the affection of the people, and
as that has been entirely extinguished—at least
so far as the Republican party is concerned—I
have no hope of maintaining it by compromises
or the use of the sword. Any policy, then, of the
now dominant Republican party which destroy's
all affection for the Union in the hearts of the
people of the slav^ States, must, and has already,
destroyed the only cord that can bind the Union.
In my judgment, the subject-matter referred to
this committee, does not properly belong to this
House, and should not have originated here.
The alarming controversy which now so gen-
erally disturbs the popular mind of this great
nation, grows out or principles and systems ad-
vanced by the dominant party of the free States
of this Union, which, in the estimation of the
slave States, are subversive of the constitutional
compact between the States, and directly at war
with their safety and material interests. It has
thus become a direct issue between the States, and
can only be adjusted and arranged by them. We
cannot do anything, in a controversy like this,
to bind the States, and it is fruitless to try it.
The Senators arc the representatives of the
States, and if any action is had by Congress upon
this subject, it should have originated with them,
and not with us.
I can but regard this committee as a tub thrown
out to the whale to amuse only until the 4th of
March next; and thus arrest the present noble
and manly movements of Jthe southern States to
provide by that day for their security and safety
out of the Union.
With these views, I take my place on the com-
mittee, for the purpose of preventing it being
made a means of deception, oy which the public
mind is to bS misled and misguided; yet intend-
ing honestly and patriotically to entertain any
fair proposition for adjustment of pendingevils
which the Republican members may submit.
In obedience to my promise, I now renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 hope the gentle-
man will not call for the previous question until
we shall have heard from some gentleman upon
the other side of the House. I particularly desire
to hear from some gentleman from the other side
upon this question. [Criesof " Question!" from
the Republican side.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
excusing the gentleman from Florida from serv-
ing on the committee.
Air. HAWKINS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 95, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Asliley, Avery,
Barksdale, Bair, Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boteler,
Branch, Bustow, Brown, Burnett, Burnlmm, Carey, Case,
John B. Clark, Clopion, Colt'ax, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Cuiry, De Jarnetie, Dunn, Edgertmi, Etheudge, Teuton,
Florence, Frank, Gamett, Gaitrell, Gilmer, Hale, Hall,
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Hickman, Hindman, Houston, Hughes, ffutcftins,
Irvine, Jenkins, Jones, William KeNojrg, Kiigore, Lan-
dium, Leake, Love, Lovcjoy, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S.
Martin, Millson, Millward, Laban T.Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Morpe, Nelson,Niblaek, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton,
Potter, Pryor, duarles, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds. Riggs,
ltuffin, Seott, Snnms. William N. H. Smith, Stallworth,
Stanton. Stevenson, William Stewart, Stratum, Thomas,
Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Wade,
Waldion, CadwaJader C. Washburn, Webster, Wells,
Winslow, Wood, and Woodson—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt,
Bairet, Boulignv, Bravton. Briggs, Buflinton, Burch, Bur-/
Hngame, Buttcrfield, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, John
Coeluano, Conkling, Cox, Oiutis, I!. Winter David, John
(J. Davis, Hawes, Delano, Duell, Edwards, Eiiot, Ely,
English, Fostei, Fouke, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurle\,
Ilaj-km, Helmiek, Hill, Hoard, Ilolman, William Howard,
William A. Howard, Humphrey, Junkin, Fianeis W. Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Killmger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach. Lee, Logan, Longneeker. Loonus,Charles
D. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McKean, McKenty,
MeKnight, McPher^on, Montgomery, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac N.Morris, Nixon, NocU,Ohn, Palmer, Perry,
Phelps, Porter, Pottle, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Christo-
pher Robinson, James C Robinson, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Sickles, William Smith, Sp.nildmg, Spinner,
Stokes, Stout, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Train, Vande-
\er, Vurree, Walton, Eililm 15. W.ishburne, Wfiiteley,
WiUan, Wmdom, and Woodruff'—101.
So Mr. Hawkixs was not excused.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) stated
