1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
ties. My object was to get this amendment so
changed that it should resemble? the other bills
that we have passed authorizing the issue of Treas-
ury notes; and not issue them either for smaller
amounts, or payable at a distant future day. It
is to meet an emergency generally transient in its
character that they are issued; and they them-
selves ought to be as transient as the necessity or
occasion for them. That is the sense in which I
have approved of bills for issuing Treasury notes.
I now retain the same principles and entertain
the same policy precisely; and wishing to give
the incoming Administration, as I sincerely do,
all the means necessary to sustain itself, I am will-
ing to authorize the issuing of these notes. I
think this is a fit occasion, and a proper occasion,
to give that Administration all the assistance that
the use of this extraordinary power can give it.
We are in an emergency, a great exigency. I am
willing to provide for the emergency and exigency
by all the financial means we can employ. It is
very repugnant to my feelings to see the credit of
this Government reduced so low that we shall be
obliged to pay an exorbitant interest to capitalists
for their money. I can see very ample reason
why those capitalists should not be as free to lend
their money, or as willing to lend it on the same
terms, as formerly. I can see that, in the exist-
ing state of the country; We can all see it; but it
seems to me we had better adhere to theprecedent
in regard to the denomination of these notes, and
let it be $50, instead of $20.
My friend from Michigan is entirely mistaken
in supposing he can take these notes homo and
make them the instrument of borrowing money
for the Government. That is not the character of
the amendment. By the amendment, they are
only authorized to pay them at the Treasury, to
those to whom the Government is indebted.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator is mistaken
about that. They can pay them out at their pat-
value for coin.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is by an amend-
ment you have since made.
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That gives a different
character to the bill, and I do not know that it
improves it. This is a new mode of borrowing
money. It is borrowing the money, and issuing
Treasury notes in payment for it. 1 do not ex-
pect much from that; and I doubt the policy of it.
There has been an excitement on this subject,
it seems to me, that ought never to accompany
the consideration of a mere financial or Treasury
measure of the Government. That is a thing m
which we all have a common interest. It is a
question aside from party. Now, sir, you pro-
pose to borrow money from the people of the coun-
try. There are occasions upon which that resort
and every other might be made; there might be
some desperate emergency in which it would be
necessary; but we are desirous here, and always
have been, to obtain such loans as we wanted, or
the money we wanted, from moneyed men, from
men who have large surpluses; because, by obtain-
ing it from them, we do not disorder the ordinary
business of the country at all; we do not disturb
it. The country generally has no more money
than is necessary for its convenience and its ex-
change. You would disturb the condition of the
country exceedingly if you could withdraw from
it the sum ordinarily and daily used in its little
transactions. If you can obtain it from the men
of money it is better for the country, because it
leaves the country less disturbed; you get it from
large capitalists; you get itoutof large surpluses;
and you employ the surpluses of the country in
the use of the Government. That is the advant-
age of getting money from capitalists. That has
been the English policy at all times. It is more
advantageous to the general interest, as they
suppose, to obtain it m that way than in any
other.
There has been a late eminent instance, and a
single one, to the contrary, in Paris, where the
French Emperor obtained a loan, it is said, from
poor people—ordinary citizens of the country.
Now, sir, that is a precedent of exceedingly doubt-
ful authority. There was a little policy, I guess,
on the part of the Emperor, in making this loan
an occasion for manifesting the great confidence
which the French people had in him. He is a
politic and wise man. What policies were added,
what facilities were furnished by these poor peo-
ple by richer people, who ultimately took the
stock, to go there and carry their money, which
they had just brought from the bank in an old
stocking, and then transfer the loan immediately
to the capitalists who had furnished the money,
we do not know. However, I do not intend to
go into any remarks on that subject. It seems to
me that these capitalists are not to blame for con-
sidering the altered condition of the country as
affecting our credit; and we cannot be surprised
at it. It may be in some degree attributable to
the influences which gentlemen have suggested;
but the main cause of disturbance is known to all,
and must be acknowledged by all. We feel it,
and we know it. I am content to vote for this
bill, and will vote for it with pleasure, if only this
amendment be made; and I think for the sake of
unity it should be acquiesced in.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say only a word for
the purpose of endeavoring to correct the impres-
sion on the mind of the Senator from Kentucky.
I know he always acts from right motives, and I
know he has no desire to improperly embarrass
this bill; but his long service here has prevented
him, I think, from becoming acquainted with the
condition of the country. Twenty-five years ago
there was very little money in this country, ex-
cept among capitalists. Now all over my own
State, and, I think, through the North, and prob-
ably the West, certainly in the North, everybody
who is in business has alittle spare capital. There
are plenty of men in my village, many over my
.county, and a great many in the little city near
which I live, that possess large sums, to them.
Some have $100; some have $500; some have
$1,000, and a great many of them §4,000 or $5,000,
and all put out at interest. A thrifty man makes
every dollar of his money work for itself. A man
starting out in life as a laborer, who makes $100,
lends that out and it produces him $6 a year, and the
next year it is increased. Now, there are a great
number of persons of that kind, who would be
glad, I think, to invest their money in these notes,
because they would feel certain that at any time
they could get the interest; because, when they
wanted to use the money, they could transfer it
for the value on its face, adding to it the interest
which had accrued. Besides, there are a large
number of people who have sums of money which
they do not want to use immediately, and yet may
want to use in six or nine or twelve months after-
wards; and they will take these Treasury notes,
because they can get payment for them lmmedi-
ately.
I should prefer the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island, bringing down the denomina-
tion of the notes to $20, because that would make
them currency. Fifty dollars would prevent them
from being a currency. The advantage of a cur-
rency would be this: that the Government could
use m its credit a large portion of the capital
which is now invested in the funds of the country
banks, and the city banks, if you like—particularly
the country banks. You all remember that the
greater portion of the banking system of this
country now is based upon State and United
States stocks. One of these Treasury notes would
be better than a bank note, becauseitis the stock
of the Government itself, and a large number of
persons would take it for that reason.
Then, again, the Senator from Kentucky has
forgotten that there are two classes of lenders in
this country—one consisting of those who have
temporary capital at command, and the other of
those who have a surplus capital. These notes
will go out at first among those who have tempo-
rary capital; but after a while they will get into
the hands of those who have permanent capital
to invest. I have no doubt that if we pass this
bill we shall get money enough on the notes, and
after a while they will be taken from the channels
of circulation and invested in these bonds. That
is my experience; and experience is the best
teacher we can have. I dislike, however, to em-
barrass the bill; and I think the less we say on
our side the better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BAYAIID. If I am at liberty to do so,
before this vote is taken, I wish to have a very
small amendment made that I think will be as-
sented to on the other side. I find that an alter-
ation has been made in the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island since it was printed,
so as to provide that the stock herein authorized
to be issued shall be taken at par, or exchanged
for bonds, and then comes the provision which
has been inserted on my motion, that no certifi-
cate shall be exchanged for Treasury notes in
sums less than $500. I move to insert the words
" er bonds," after the word " certificate" in the
proviso, because the intention certainly is, that
you shall not issue bonds or certificates in ex-
change for Treasury notes in a less sum than
$500'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifica-
tion can only be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. B1GLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Delaware to withhold that amendment until we
vote on the pending question. Then he can offer it.
Mr. BAYARD. Very well.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make a single re-
mark in reply to what fell from the Senator from
Kentucky. He will find, by looking at this bill,
that these Treasury notes are to be a temporary
issue. There is not longer than a year from next
June for issuing them. There is only one ques-
tion before us, and that is: whether these notes
shall be $20 or $50? This is an alternative prop-
osition, to issue Treasury notes in lieu of bonds;
and we choose to go a little further, in respect to
making small issues, than we have done hitherto,
under the peculiar circumstances which now exist.
If the notes can as well be issued for $100, they
will be so issued, because it is less expensive to
issue them of that size; but we thought it was
safeto make provision for going lower, notknow-
ing exactly what the condition of the market may
be. Why should not the Government have that
right? Tboy will not use it unless it is needed.
I see no propriety at all in tying them up to a
rigid law in a time of such exigency as this, when
we do not exactly know what is to take place.
The Senator complained that these notes might
be issued for coin. Have wo not issued all the
notes we have issued for the last four years for
com? They have all been put into the market,
and the money taken into the Treasury. This
is only giving them the same chance; if persons
go to the Treasury, and want to exchange coin for
these notes, let them take them at 6 per cent.
They can then fund the notes in this stock at any
time within two years. That is the whole tiling;
and I cannot see the slightest objection to it. I
do not know why we should go up to $50.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not detain the Senate
a moment on this subject; but I wish to say to gen-
tlemen that the principle upon which this amend-
ment for $20 Treasury notes stands is already
conceded. Itis customary, when the credit of the
country is sound, when the money market is
easy, to raise money by issuing bonds or certifi-
cates of stock of the amount of $1,000 each. If
the money market be feverish and deranged, or the
credit of the country is at all regarded as unsound,
you come down, as you have done in this bill,
from certificates of stock for $1,000 to $500; and
then, as the exigencies of the case seem to require,
in order to get the stock taken at as low a rate as
possible, you come down to issues of $100. Wo
have not been accustomed to issue Treasury notes
for less than $100. Everybody around me in the
Senate Chamber is now convinced that it would
be wise to reduce the denomination to $50. The
same principle which induces us to bring it down
from $100 to $50 applies to the reduction to the
sum of $20. The lower the denomination, the
more favorably will the loan be regarded, and on
better terms will it be taken, because you enter a
n\uch larger circle of money-lenders. The cap-
italists in the great cities, the financiers who ad-
vance money upon the public credit, and deal in
stocks as a matter of speculation, and whose deal-
ings are reported every day in the stock market,
want ceitificates of $500 or $1,000; but below
these is a class of independent men, money-lend-
ers in the country. In town and country there are
men who have small means, and the lower the
denomination of the paper which is offered to
them the more acceptable it is to them, and the
more favorable are the terms on which you can
dispose of it.
The Senator from North Carolina seemed to
think there was something very extiaordinai y,
and something very wrong and unnatural in the
fact that the credit of tht; United States is so much
depreciated that the Secretary of the Treasury lxas
