60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
that, having voted to raise this committee, and
desiringsomecompromise to be effected,he should
vote " no," without intending, by so doing, any
disrespect to the gentleman from Florida.
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Campbell
■was detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, said he had
paired off with Mr. Parks worth; otherwise, he
should have voted " ay."
Mr. HINDMAN said he would have voted in
the affirmative if he had been within the bar when
his name was called.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, asked leave of the
House to explain his vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: I have not
voted; and ask to be excused from voting, for the
reason that I am a member of the committee, and
being with the gentleman from Florida in politics,
I d-o not like to vote one way or the other, be-
cause, if I vote "no," it might bo a reflection
upon the gentleman from Florida; and if I vote
" ay," it might be a reflection upon myself.
[Laughter.]
No objection being made, Mr. Dayis was ex-
cused from voting.
Mr. WHITELEY said, that as excusing the
gentleman from Florida would, in his opinion,
destroy the integrity of the committee, he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. SINGLETON not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Viteinia, objected.
Mr. SINGLETON said, that if he had been
within the bar, he would have voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. JACKSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Fkiiuy; ho being in the affirmative and
Mr. Feruy in the negative upon this question.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have but one single remark
to make. Silence upon my part now might be
misconstrued; silence upon my part now might
be construed to an assent upon my part to serve
upon that committee. I have but one word to
say further, and I say it with all deference and
good feeling to those who have voted against my
wish or proposition. I will not serve upon this
committee.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, for reasons which
must naturally suggest themselves to the intelli-
fftice of the House, I respectfully ask leave to
e excused from serving on the special commit-
tee of thirty-three.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to excus-
ing the gentleman.
The question being upon the motion to excuse,
Mr. HAWKINS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that it docs
seem to mo that the action of this House, in re-
fusing to excuse gentlemen when it is well known
that they do not intend to perform any service
upon the committee, and when they ask it respect-
fully, and state that it is the conclusion of their
judgment, after mature reflection, that they can-
not, in justice to themselves and to the States
which they represent, serve upon the committee;
I say it does seem to me most extraordinary and
most remarkable, that this House will not excuse
fentleroen under such circumstances. Now, sir,
voted to excuse the gentleman from Florida.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
understand that the yeas and nays have been
ordered, and the call of the roll commenced.
The SPEAKER. The call of the roll had not
commenced.
Mr. BURNETT. I say that I voted to raise
this committee; but I must confess that, while I
desire every movement to be made by this House
that possibly can be, looking to the restoration of
quiet and peace to the country, I had but very
little confidence in the proposition when it was
originally made; and if I had consulted my own
judgment in reference to the vote I then gave, I
should have voted against the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Boteleb,] forthis
reason alone: that I was satisfied then, as I was
after the announcement of the committee, that
we did not get any committee appointed by the
Speaker of this House under that resolution com-
posed of representative men of the various States
of this Confederacy. I was satisfied of itthen,and
the sequel has only convinced mo that I was right.
I do not desire to go back into this discussion,
or to refer to the various material of which this
committee is composed. I simply rise for the
purpose of expressing the'hope that we would
not be required to go through a call of the yeas
and nays again upon the proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. It is unnecessary
for me to enter into the reasons that operate upon
my mind. It is well known to this House that
the action of the members of the House from the
State of South Carolina will, in a very short time,
determine in this House that their presence will
be continued here but a very few days. Why,
then, call the yeas and nays, and undertake to
force gentlemen to serve when they announce that
they will not do it. It seems to mc passing
strange. Is it a part of the coercion that is to be
used? Is it the mode and manner by which we
expect to restore peace and good-will in the coun-
try ? Shall we undertake to compel gentlemen to
serve upon this committee, when they kindly,
courteously, and respectfully request to be ex-
cused from that service?. Shall we undertake,by
virtue of the rules of this House, to control their
action, and compel them to serve upon the com-
mittee? For one, I never intend to pursue any
such course.
Mr. WASHBURNE, .of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am one on this
side of the House who voted against excusing
the gentleman from Florida. I hope, therefore,
that the gentleman from Illinois will withdraw
his call for the previous question until I can be
heaxd.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the call for the previous question, if the gentle-
man will renew it at the close of his remarks.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 am one of those on this
side of the House who voted against excusing
the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Hawkins,] arid
who will vote against excusing the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] from service
011 this committee of thirty-three. It is right,
therefore, after the lectuie we have received front
the member from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,]
that I at least should have an opportunity of vin-
dicating that vote. I am one of those who look
witli uneasiness upon the present. I think that
it is big with the fate of the Republic. I am one
of those, sir, who think that discussion of these
questions is not likely to do any good; but I do
confess, to my great surprise and mortification,
that the discussion, which has already taken
place, has been refused to be participated in by
the other side of the House.
Having said thus much, I will add that I am
indeed anxious 
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman will yield to
me, I will say one word.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must decline to
yield.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to make a reply to the
last remark of the gentleman from Virginia, and
110 more. [Cries from the Democratic side of the
House of" Hear him!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well; then I
yield the floor to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Virginia
has stated that this side of the House has refused
to engage in the discussion of these questions. I
want to say, for one, 011 this side of the House,
that at the proper time, which will be at no re-
mote day, I am ready to discuss all of the ques-
tions that now agitate the country. We do not
refuse to enter into the discussion. I am one of
the committee of thirty-three, and I prefer that
that committee should have a fair hearing through
its chairman, before we undertake to discuss the
propriety of its action. We have notrefused, sir,
to discuss any of these questions. I, for one,
have not, and I will not refuse to discuss them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I spoke of the dis-
cussion that has already taken place; a discussion
which is now closed. I did expect that the op-
portunity which was presented of exhibiting the
different views of the members upon this floor
would have been embraced by all sides of the
House, and especially by the other side, to influ-
ence and act upon the committee which has been
created by a vote of the House. It was in fact a
sort of counseling together; and I did expect, sir,
that the members of this House would have come
together in a spirit of conciliation and harmony,
and have intermingled feelings and opinions for
the purpose of indicating, at least, some anxiety
to bring us out of the present desperate condition
of public affairs. I say, sir, that the gentlemen
on the other side of the House have refused to
participate in the discussion just closed. Sir, I
did not choose to mingle in the discussion myself,
because there wasadesireto terminate it; it being
considered that we had said enough on this side
of the House.
Mr. Speaker, having said thus much on that
subject, which I desire to bring to the attention
of the country, I will now proceed to address my-
self to the immediate subject in reference to which
I have taken the floor. 1 objected to excusing the
gentleman from Florida, [Mr.'Hawkins,] because
I was anxious to see the movement which was
initiated by ordering this committee go on in the
true spirit in which it was begun. I was anxious
to see every State participate in this effort at ad-
justment; "and I could not excuse the gentleman
from Florida because, being the only Represent-
ative from that State, if he were excused, that
State would then be unrepresented on that com-
mittee. I will vote—I do not hesitate to say that
I will vote—for excusing gentlemen who are dif-
ferently situated. There are gentlemen upon this
committee who ought not to have been placed
there by the Speaker of this House; and if they
ask to be excused, I will vote to excuse them;
because, by so doing, their State will not neces-
sarily be unrepresented.
But, Mr. Speaker, I shall vote against excusing
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce]
from service on this committee of thirty-three.
And why ? Because any substitution for himself
from that State -would be obnoxious to the some
objection which the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Boyce] applies to himself. If the event
which has been alluded to shall transpire, that
will, of course, terminate his action with the com-
mittee, and render it unnecessary to seek to ap-
point any other member from the State of South
Carolina, because of its utter impossibility. Tho
objection is, as I have intimated, not individual,
but it goes to the entire delegation from the State
of South Carolina. Everybody knows, sir, that
my vote against excusing the gentleman from
South Carolina will be given, not from any want
of respect for him or any of his delegation. I
do want, Mr. Speaker—it is my most anxious
desire that it should be seen in this House, on all
sides of it, that we are willing to come up in a
proper spirit to the gravity of the occasion, and
see every State represented properly in the con-
struction of a committee which is designed to
bring healing upon its wings. I wish, if possible,
to see what will be presented to the consideration
of this country, put forth by a committee upon
which every State is represented. I want to see
what a committee representing all of the States
will offer as a measure of adjustment of existing
troubles.
I advert to these things, Mr. Speaker, because
I think that it is right that they should be under-
stood. It is remarkable, permit me to say to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] that,
as a general proposition, where a member asks to
be excused from service upon any committee, and,
if granted, it would not cripple the action of the
committee, the request ought not to be refused.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. I know that the gentleman
from Virginia is an old member of the House;
that he has been long here and done good service;
and I desire him to state whether he knows of a
single instance in the history of Congress where
a member has been compelled, by a solemn vote
of the House, to serve upon a committee after he
has announced that he could not do so, and in
respectful terms asked to be excused from that
service.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That was done,
sir, during the last session of Congress, in the
case, I believe, of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] who asked to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ala-
bama withdrew his application before it was acted
on by the House.
