1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There are many
other cases which have occurred.
Mr. BURNETT. I would be glad if the gen-
tleman would name one.
Mr. BURCH. If the gentleman from Virginia
will permit me, I will put a question to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. BURCH. I put it to the gentleman from
Kentucky, whether there was ever before a crisis
like that which is now upon the country?
Mr. BURNETT. There never was, sir; and
I will go as far as any man to adjust the existing
difficulties. But I say further to the gentleman
from California and the House, that this country
is not to be saved by mere eulogies upon the
Union. The day for that is gone by. We must
have action, and that speedily, if we have a sin-
cere desire for the preservation of the present
Government of the united States. I voted for the
resolution raising this committee of thirty-three,
and I hope that good may come of it. I would
vote to have any gentleman serve upon it, if I
knew that doing so would produce any beneficial
result; but, sir, when gentlemen tell me that they
will not serve, I, for one, am not disposed to use
force, and require them to serve.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Nobody proposes
to use force. Nobody expects to visit gentlemen
with punishment, other than the moral one of
public opinion, when they refuse to discharge
the duties required of them as members of this
House.
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to tell me who will " bell the cat?"
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. In answer to the
gentleman, I will say that I am dealing with a
great question, and not speaking in relation to the
petty business of belling any cat. The gentle-
man, on such an occasion, I am sure, will not
undertake it himself.
If gentlemen are resolved not to perform their
duties, under the action of this House, let them
refuse to do it privately, and not get up here and
ask to be excused, with the private resolve that
they will not perform the duties from which they
ask to be excused.
But apart from all that, I seriously desire that
gentlemen, no matter how they may feel, no
matter how they may think, will look to the spirit
of our institutions, and consider the condition of
the Republic. Gentlemen have resolved not to
do a thing to-day, and yet, we know, have under-
taken to do it to-morrow. We are all prone to
change our opinions and our resolutions; and a
gentleman may, under excitement to-day, 1 re-
peat, refuse to serve upon a committee, and yet,
to-morrow, he may think better of it, and go upon
the committee and perform his duties. I am one
of those who do not look to the wishes of mem-
bers. I would have excused the gentleman from
Florida most cheerfully, according to his desire,
if he had had a colleague. But I am unwilling
that Florida shall be unrepresented in the com-
mittee, however badly that committee has been
constituted. I wish every State to bo there rep-
resented, and I wisli the members to meet in a
feeling of fraternity.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia another question. He says he
would willingly have voted to excuse the gentle-
man from Florida if that gentleman had had a
colleague, but that he desires that Florida shall
be represented. Now,after the House has refused
to excuse the gentleman from Florida, he says he
shall not serve; and will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia tell me how Florida will be represented?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
bad listened to me, he would not have asked that
question. I have said distinctly that gentlemen
change their opinions and purposes; and where
the Union is at stake, as the gentleman has said
it is, it is well to change. I would not ask any
gentleman to give up the right of self-government
or the right of self-protection; but I yet do think
that it is due to the gravity of this question that
all the House should essay to adjust existing dif-
ficulties, and march to the performance of our
duties with the solemn gravity pertaining to the
importance of the subject. That is all I desire,
and if nothing results'from this committee—and
I am free to say that I do not believe any good will
result from it, and that such result will be mainly
attributable to the manner in which you, Mr,
Speaker, have constructed that committee—I say,
in the name of God, it is a resultfor which I desire
in no sense to be responsible.
Having said thus much, I have performed my
duty. I am as sincerely devoted to this Union
as any other man; but I am bound, heart and
soul, to any action which the old, proud Com-
monwealth which I in part represent, and the
section of which she is a part, shall take. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Virginia
to withdraw the previous question a moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
that the gentleman from Virginia called the pre-
vious question upon a promise made to myself.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
correct, and I can only withdraw the previous
question with his consent.
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to insist upon the previous question ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a few remarks.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot withdraw
the previous question except with the permission
of the gentleman from Illinois. And I wish it un-
derstood, that I demanded the previous question
only because such is my commitment to the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN. The yeas and nays have
been ordered upon this question, but I hope the
demand for them will be withdrawn by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us have the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 100, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashley, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock,
Boteler, Branch, Bristow, Brown, Burnett, Burnham,
Carey, Case, John B. Clark, Clopton, Colfax, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Carry, Be Jarnette, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edmundson, Etheridge, Fenton, Florence, Frank, Garnett,
Gartrell, Gilmer, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Mor-
rison Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hindman,
Houston, Hughes, Hutehins, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Landrum, Leake, Love,
Lovejoy, Maclay, Maliory, Elbert S. Martin, Millson,Mill-
ward, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morse, Nelson,
Nihlack, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Potter, Pryor, Quarles,
Reagan, Edwin E. Reynolds, Riggs, liuffin, Seranton,
Simms, Singleton, William N. II. Smith, Stallworth,
Stanton, William Stewart, Stratton, Taylor, Thomas, Un-
derwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Verree, Wade, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washhurn, Webster, Wells, Wmiiom,
Winslow, Wood, and Woodson—100.
nays—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt,
Barret, Bouligny, Brayton, Briggs, ButBnton, Burcli, Bur-
lingamo, Butterfield, Carter, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coilk-
lin", Corwxn, Cox, James Craig, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Ferry,
Foster, Fouke, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
Haskin, Helmiok, Hill, Hoard, Holman, William Howard,
William A. Howard, Humphrey, Junkin, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Killinger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis,
Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, MeKean, Mc-
Kenty, McKmght, McPherson, Montgomery, Morrill, Isaac
N. Morris, Ni-von, Noell, Olm, Palmer, l'erry, Phelps,
Porter, Pottle, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Rob-
inson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick, Sickles,
William Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stokes, Stout, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Theaker, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Wal-
ton, FJlih'u B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
Woodruff—100.
So Mr. Boyce was not excused.
During the vote,
Mr. BOCOCK said: I was not present when
the vote was taken upon excusing the gentleman
' from Florida, [Mr. Hawkins.] Had I been present
I should have voted to grant his request, as I shall
vote now to excuse the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. BOTELER. Havingmyself been excused
from service upon the special committee, I deem
it due to myself, and to gentlemen upon this floor
who make a similar request, to extend the same
courtesy to them. On that account, and on that
alone, while I deeply regret that the gentleman
should deem it his duty to ask to be excused, I
vote " ay."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. For the reasons
I gave a while ago, I shall not vote.
Mr. NOELL. Had the gentleman from South
Carolina asked to bo excused on the ground of
personal inconvenience, 3 should have no objec-
tion to excusing him. But I do not recognize the
right of any member to relieve himself from the
performance of the duties assigned to him by the
House, on the ground that they are distasteful to
him. He has another remedy, and that is to re-
sign his place. I vote " no.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Mokehead, was absent from
the House on account of sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the House to
excuse me from serving upon the select commit-
tee of thirty-three, not from any indisposition to
serve upon the committee, but because I have
other duties which fully employ my time, and in
order to give the Speaker an opportunity to ap-
point one of my colleagues. I would also say
that so many of the members of the Committee
of Ways and Means are appointed upon the select
committee, that when the two committees meet at
the same time, the Committee of Ways and Means
will be left without a quorum. I hope, therefore,
there will be no objection to my request from any
part of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. In the remarks I
made while upon the floor, a short time since, I
made reference to my friend from Florida, [Mr. -
Hawkins;] and he thinks some of my remarks
insinuated matters to his prejudice. I can only
say that I had no such intent; and if my language
was capable of such a construction, I was not
apprised of it at the time, and certainly did not
intend any such construction. He is the last man
upon this floor whose feelings I would wound by
any sort of language that would implicate his
uprightness and his conduct as a gentleman in
public or private life.
Mr. HAWKINS. It is needless to say that
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia are
perfectly satisfactory. I did think the gentleman
cast a reflection upon me when he remarked that
it had been with me a foregone conclusion not to
serve upon the select committee, and then that I
went through the empty formality of asking to
be excused. My course was to make an earnest
and honest appeal to the House in the first in-
stance, and then, if that failed, to avail myself of
my sovereign right to take the matter into my own
hands—the same position, I believe, the gentle-
man from Virginia occupies nowinthegreat ques-
tion which agitates the country.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not think the
House is disposed to be fatigued by any more re-
marks pertinent to the application of the gentle-
man from Vermont to be excused from serving
upon the committee. But it is proper for some
of those who voted against the application of gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House to be excused,
to state that they who have the greatest instru-
mentality in composing the difficulties which
threaten this country, should, of all men, least
ask to be excused from the work of cooperation
in an attempt to save the Union. I hope, there-
fore, that the vote will be unanimous against the
application of the gentleman from Vermont. He
asks to be excused, not because,of his want of
efficiency in the labor which is proposed to him
and his associates, butbecause of the serious and
grave matters which occupy his attention. Sir,
there can be no more serious or important matter
than that which is presented to his attention by
the House and the country. And, sir, I may say,
before taking my seat, and in conclusion, that,
I am surprised, nay, I am pained and grieved,
that gentlemen upon that side of the House, now,
at this juncture of affairs, ask of this House, be-
fore the eye of the country, to be excused from
the great labors it is proposed they shall under-
take.
Mr.MORRIS,oflllinois. I have,Mr. Speaker,
concluded to vote to excuse every member of the
select committee who may ask to be excused.
Heretofore I have voted against excusing; but,
inasmuch as when we refuse to excuse them, and
they tell us they will not serve, and nobody pro-
poses to do anything, I see nothing but—I had
almost said, disgrace to ourselves—nothing but
contempt of our authority to force them to remain
upon the committee, and we let the matte!' pass
by. I do not know but it is policy, in the present
state of affairs, to let the matter pass by. And,
viewing it in that light, I shall do nothing to
create any feeling here. I have personal respect
for all those gentleman, and high" personal respect
