1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
for any one. It appears to me that it is a large
duty; and if, in addition to that, it be true, as
stated—I do not know, the Senator knows—that
they have the advantage of a patent, too, which
excludes domestic competition, surely they ought
to be satisfied with that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not want to protract
this debate, but the Senator repeats his statement
that I said that those people who usesteel hi this
country had good cause to complain of the duties
that were proposed in the tariff bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. I never said
that, to my recollection. If I did say it, it was
when I was not thinking of what I was saying;
because I never believed they had the slightest
reason to complain of it. Now, the Senator says
I turn up my nose at 25 per cent. I tell him in
return that 1 do not turn up my nose at anything.
[Laughter.] The duty in the bill on these screws
is 25 per cent, on the fair market value in this
country, and no more; and it is he, and not I, that
is complaining of 25 per cent. I can prove by
the most irrefragable testimony that these screws,
for the last three years since they have been
brought to the utmost perfection, hare brought in
this market an average of 25 cents a pound; and
we put on them, in this bill, an average duty of
ccnts a pound; and that is as near 25 per cent,
as you can cipher. There may be a little fraction
over. The bill divides the duties upon the differ-
ent classes, at 5 and 8 cents, I suppose for con-
venience. I do not know how else they came to
divide the duties in that way; but the average is
6| cents a pound.
The Senator'sarguments are like puzzling caps;
pull them one way, and they mean one thing; pull
them another, and they mean another. If 1 should
propose to require an importer to deposit twenty-
five bales out of every hundred in the Govern-
ment chest, the Senator would say that that was
more than 25 per cent.; and I should not dispute
it. I have already explained that where we could
not ascertain the precise market value here of any
goods, we have put invariably in the bill 30 per
cent. 011 the foreign value. The Senator talks
about ilie expense of bringing these screws here.
1 have told him before, and it is obvious to every-
body, and must he to him, that it takes about two
toils of iron to make one ton of these screws; and
our manufacturers import the iron and pay the
Government a duty for it. The duty upon that
iron amounts, on every pound of these screws, to
2 cents out of the 6J- cents protection given in the
bill; for the duty is 1 cent a pound,or $20 a ton.
Well, what did we do with the wool people?
We put a duty on wool; and when we did so, we
put precisely double the amount on the manufac-
tured article, because it takes two pounds of wool
to make a pound of cloth; and we put upon the
cloth a duty of precisely double that which we
pot on the wool, as a set-oft'to the duty imposed
on the wool. That may be perceived through
the whole of this bill; and we put it there as much
for the benefit of the farmers of the country as for
the manufactures, because it is just as bad for the
farmers—the wool-growers of this ujuntiy—to
have one pound of cloth brought in, as it is to
have two pounds of wool brought in. It takes
the place of their wool in the same proportion.
The Senator says that, according to this me-
morial, the Government will not getany revenue
if these screws are made in this country. I have
said once before that they use four thousand tons
of iron in making them. That is what they rep-
resent to me; and at $SiO a ton the duty on that
iron would be £80,000. That is increased about
one half l>y this very bill. They make no com-
plaint of that; but the first few years, until we get I
the iron business improved in this country, we |
know that they will have to import it. I have no '
doubt that, in the long run, they will get mostof I
it here; and I trust this bill will become a per- !
manent measure. I do not propose, if 1 should have
the honor of a seat here, to resort to an increase
of duties when we get short of money. If this
bill is made so as to supply the wants of theGov-
ernment m oidinary Limes, and there come extra-
ordinary times, when we shall need money, 1 in-
tend to resort to some other method if I'have a
chance; but I trust that this bill is not to be whit-
tled and hackled and abused by every enemy of
the bill itself, and of the Treasury of the country. 1
Mr. POLK. I have received within a few days |i
past a letter from some leading hardware firms in !!
the city of St. Louis, in regard to tho duty pro-
posed to be imposed on wood-screws, a portion of
which I beg leave to read to the Senate, because
it states the case better, perhaps, than I could.
The letter is dated the 28th of January. They
say:
" The 1 Morrill tariff' bill before Congress imposes a duty
of 6 cents per pound on ' wood-screws,' which is equal to
a duty of 40 per cent, ad valorem. If this is passed it will
drive out the foreign screws, and, of necessity, wiii bring
no revenue. It will then peimit the American makers to
make an exorbitant profit, and they will then still furthei
increase tho price, and for < net cash' only. The screw
business has become a complete monopoly. There were
only tour separate companies manufacturing screws in
America. The 'Eagle' and ' New England ' companies
have consolidated under the name of the 'American £cre\v
Company.' The ' Bay State,' of Taunton, Massachusetts,
and the ' Utica,' of Utica, New York, aie small and weak
concerns, over whom the American Screw Company lords
it completely, dictating its own terms to them. The value
of the stock of the Eagle and New Kngland (or American
Screw Company consolidated) is now woith over 1,000 per
cent.: that is, ,$100 of original stock cannot be bought at
less than $1,000, and has been sold as high as $1,200 per
share. We inclose you a lew circulars showing their posi-
tions. Circular No. 1 shows that they have offered 60 per
cent, discount. This was m 18o5, and resulted from do-
mestic competition between the ' Eagle'"and ' New Eng-
land' companies, which led to the consolidation as shown
in circulars Nos 2 and 3. Cneular No, 1£ shows the dis-
count to have been, 1856, 30 and 5 pei cent, discount for
large oiders. No. 2 shows the discount to have been, June
1, 1660, 45 and per cent, discount, or 52} per cent. net.
This discount was made when the Eagle and New England
companies consolidated. Some few months previous to
this time, (June 1.1&30,) Nottleford & Chamberlain bought
tho right ot a thiid party to make screws in England. Hence
the E.igle and New England companies icdtieed sciews to
52} per cent., ?o that Me^rs. Nettlefoid &. Chamberlain
could not oxpoit profitably. Then WilliamG. & AlbertG.
Angell, managers of tho American Seiew Company, went
to England, and made anangements for Messrs. Nettleford
& G'hambeitain to keep out of the Ameiican market. They
did ho, as will appeal from letter 4. Still, other makers in
England, who, it seenw, bought Nettleford & Chamberlain's
right to make screws belorc the trade was made between
JVelUeford & Cham bet lam and the American Screw Compa-
ny, are now offering sciews lot expoitation at an equivalent
of 50 per cent, discount on the American list. This being the
condition of matters, f> cenr-j per pound aveulupois specific
duty will k<s«p out tlx; English serevvs, ami of necessity
furnish no revenue, and will admit of putting American
screws at J5 to 20 per cent, discount net cash, resulting in
augmenting the value of the scievv stock in Providence,
which is alu'ady worth 1,000 per cent., placing the whole
Ijardwarc trade and consumers at the mercy of the already
overgiown monopoly of the American Screw Company at
Providence, Rhode Island. If the amendment now before
you of 20 per cent, duties on wood-screws should become
a law, it would still peimit the American companies to
make enonnous piolits, and permit importation^, thus fui-
nisiung levenue, and vive the huge dealers tiom dietatoiial
teuns, and be the means of placing this most useful article
at a fan puee to consumer. We would eall vour atten-
tion to the several cneular^—noticing in 1855, 60 per cent,
discount; in 1856, 30 and 5 per cent.; June 1, 1850, at 45
and 7} per cent., from long price; August 13, I860, 20 per
cent, discount, which las! price js now ruling, But if this
6 ecnt^ per pound hill is passed, they will undoubtedly put
screws at 10 per cent, discount1 net cash.5 
This is signed by Child, Pratt & Fox; Shap-
lcigh, Day & Co.; Hay wood, Carr&Co.; Wilson,
Brother &Co.; Adolphus Meier & Co.; G. Bren-
licrmaim & Co.; and Wilson, Levering & Wa-
ters, large hardware dealers and sellers of this ar-
ticle at wholesale in the city of St. Louis. I myself
have 110 personal knowledge of this matter; but
it seems to me that a duty of 25 percent, ad valorem
ought to be sufficient on those screws—as much
as any person ou^lit to ask. For that I am willing
to vote; but I am not willing to vote for a spe-
cific duty, which, rendered into ad valor cms, would
amount to 40 per cent.
Mr. FOOT. I can say, with the honorable
Senator from Missouri, that I am not at all ac-
quainted with the subject now under considera-
tion; I have not made myself familiar with the
details and operations of it; and am not in the
habit of attempting to enlighten others on a sub-
ject which I do not profess to understand myself;
but a paper has been placed in my hands, drawn
up by a committee of tho manufacturers of these
articles, in reply to the statements contained in
the paper read by the honorable Senator from
Virginia from a committee of hardware dealers;
and l beg leave to read that statement as a response
and answer to that of the Senator from Virginia;
" The sales of wood-sciewa last year were S967.000 for
the whole country. *
Screws are made of English iron. About three thou-
sand nine hundred tons weie used the last vear, which will
pay a duty under the proposed bill of $76,000. One third of
thw quantity is- wasted in ptocoss of manufacture, alter l
having paid the duty, freight, and expenses, amounting to '
{>36,200, ail of which sum is saved by the English munu- i
lactuici. |
" Of twenty-two screw companies established since 1839, ;
eighteen have tailed and lo^t their entne capital. j
"The English manufacturers are now working under the
same patents with the Americans, purchased of the same
inventors.
" The inerea«ed duty on screws, under the proposed bill,
only equals the increased duty on the iron out of which they
are made.
" Underthe tanffofl842, the duties on screws were about
double what is now proposed, while the duty on the iron
was Jess.
" The English provinces are supplied entirely by the Eng-
lish manufacturers.
" Blunt screws, of a second quality, without the manu-
facturer's label, have been sold as low us GO pei cent, dis-
count from list-price, only for a short time, at a period of
great depression, and at a loss to the manufacturer.
"The American manuiacturers were compelled last year _
to buy off English competition} or stop the mo*t of their ~
works, not having sufficient protection from their own Gov-
ernment.
" The opposition to the duty on screws was started and
ys prompted by the English agents and a New York mer-
chant, who has for several years been engaged in a lawsuit
with one of the screw companies, which suit has lately
been decided against him."
This is all the speech I have to make on this
question. I have thought it proper to read this
in response to the paper which has been read on
the other side.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bragg in
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the rolf.
Mr. CLINGMAN (when his name was called)
said: I wish to say that, on one or two of the last
votes, f was paired with the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] who is on the committee of
conference; but he is now in the Chamber, and I
vote " yea.M
Mr. FITCH. I voted somewhat thoughtlessly,
having paired off with theSenator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] for a short time. I ascertain that he
would have voted nay on this matter. I therefore
desire the unanimous consent of the Senate to
withdraw my vote. If it is necessary to vote in
order to make a quorum, I will do so.
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, Green,
Hemphill, Ilunter, Johnson of Arkansas, ICennedv, Lane,
Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, and Povvell—1&.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonj. Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, DuohtUe, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, ilalc, King. Sewaid, Simmons,
Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son— 24,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, my attention
has been called, by a communication from the
Department of State, addressed to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to a difficulty that will arise
upon this bill in its present shape, bringing it in
conflict with existing treaties, certainly with the
Government of Portugal, and probably with other
Governments, in the mode of imposing- a duty on
wine. In the sixteenth line of page G, the duties
imposed on wine are:
On Madeira, sherry, and port wines, champagne and
sparkling wines—
enumerating a number of them—
in casks or bottles, 73 cents per gallon. On all other
wines not enumerated, per cent, ad valorem.
I will ask the attention of the gentleman who
has charge of the bill to this fact. I say, my at-
tention has been called by the State Department,
in a communication addressed to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to a difficulty that may
aiiseif the bill remains in its present form, bring-
ing the clause in relation to the duty upon the
wines of Portugal in conflict with the provisions
of the existing treaties with Portugal. Theie is
a discrimination made upon wines as they are set
out here by various descriptions in the bill. The
duty on Madeira and port, and various other
wmcs that are enumerated, is 75 cents per gallon;
and then on nil other wines not enumerated there
is imposed a duty ot 33t, per cent. In consequence
of that suggestion, I move to strike out of the bill,
m line sixteen of page 6, the words "Madeira and
port. Those arc the only two wines of Portugal
that are specifically enumerated.
The same difficulty arose, as is shown by the
communication from the Department of State, in
1844, in reference to the tariff bill of 1842. In tho
act of 1842, in assessing the duties on wine, the
dunes were very discriminating on wines of dif-
ferent character, and imported from different
