THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C."
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1861.
New Series No. 65.-
Mr. GRIMES. For there is certainly no class
of wool producers in the West, that I have ever
.known—and 1 am somewhat familiar with the
character of that country—who produce any wool
that is below the value of 18 cents a pound.
Mr. POLK. I will say to the Senator, that I
am not aware that the Senator from Kentucky
knew the fact I have stated. I suppose he offered
the amendment because 
Mr. POWELL. E was aware of the fact stated
by the Senator. It is not my object to protect
New Mexico. Neither is it my object to foster
New England woolen manufacturers at the ex-
pense of the great laboring interests of the gentle-
man's constituents.
Mr. POLK. I suppose that in every State
where sheep are grown, not for the purpose of
the wool so much as by the farmer for his own
domestic manufacture, where he has a few pounds
of wool more than he wants to use in manufac-
turing the cloth which he manufactures in his own
looms in his own house, he ought to have a chance
to sell it. It is the case in a good many of the
southwestern States, it is the case in a great many
9f the counties in my own State, that the cloth-
ing that is used by the family is manufactured by
the family itself; and where they raise sheep for
the purpose of getting that kind of wool, in all
those families theie is apt to be a surplus of the
wool, at least of the coarser quality of the wool,
(they using the better quality,) which they have
for sale. In any general system of legislation
that is intended to raise revenue, the}' ought to
have the benefit of the system that will raise rev-
enue on the one hand, and favor incidental pro-
tection on the other.
Mr. GRIMES. I should take no interest in
this matter at all, and say nothing on the subject,
if it had not been for the appeal that the Senator
from Kentucky made to leprcsentatives on this
floor from the Northwest, the effect of which would
be to put us, perhaps, in a false position before
our constituents. In the first place, allow me to
day, that in the State which [ represent—and I
profess to be somewhat familiar with the agricul-
ture of that State—the poorest sheep m it does
not produce wool that will not bring more than
20 cents a pound. There is- not a fleece in any
flock of sheep that will not produce better wool
than that. It may be that m the State of Missouri
agriculture has not been as far advanced as it has
in the neighboring States, and it may be that they
do not producc as line grades of wool; but cer-
tainly they do, m the States north of that, pro-
duce wool of much superior quality to that which
has been referred to by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
But I vote against this proposition for this rea-
son : 1 find by reference to the tables that the price
of the wool in my State has been increased since
the passage of the tariff of 1857, when cheap wool
was allowed to be introduced free of duty; and
the reason has been very aptly assigned by the
Senator from New Hampshire, that this wool is
mixed with the fine wools which we produce,
and thus a maikct has been furnished for our own
productions of wool; and that is the reason why
I vote against the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky.
I concur most fully in the remarks made by
that Senator m regard to the necessity of obviat-
ing the frauds that are now perpetrated under the
present law; but tins biil provides for that. This
bill specifically deelates a foifeiture of any wool
that shail be brought in, in fraud of the law The
Senator stated three points; first, that he wants
thifj duty on account of revenue That amounts
to nothing, for he would cut off entirely the sup-
ply. in the second piacc, he wants it for protec-
tion. Tln-re is no wool jn this country that I
oan l-'nr.i of, except that winch is brought from
New Mexico, which it would protect, and that
would be but one single drop m the great ocean
of the character of wool winch is provided for m
his amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. We had a little discussion
about this matter the other day, and I stated my
65
views about it then. I wish to state now, in re-
ply to the Senator from Iowa, that there is no
wool produced in Iowa which, if it was put up in
the condition that wool is imported here, would
bring 18 cents a pound, in my judgment. The
imported wools that arc brought into this coun-
try are not washed. The sheep arc kept in very
large flocks in Buenos Ayres and Australia, and
some in Africa. They are gathered together and
sheared, and the wool is all put up in the dirt. At
an honest valuation, it probably would be right
to leave the duties as they are; but we all know
that we cannot rely on the valuations. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, the other day, stated that in-
voices were always made out falsely; so that, even
if you sent to Paris for a single dress, there would
be one bill for goods, and another of its valua-
tion, sworn to. The tables from the Treasury
Department show that there were about twenty-
five million pounds of free wool imported last
year. There is no man who believes that that
wool is all really valued under 18 cents a pound.
Most of it is line wool—valuable wool. The man-
ufacturers cleanse it, and pay for cleansing it, and
then it becomes worth from 40 to 60 cents a pound.
They might as well pay the farmers of the West
for putting up clean wool, as they all do; for they
drive their sheep to the river or brook and wash
them, and put up the wool nice and clean. They
might as well pay us for putting up clean wool
as pay for cleaning the foreign wool, only they
get it cheaper in that way.
Now, I would be very far from doing anything
to embarrass, in the slightest degree, the manu-
facturers, for they ore our customers; and since
they have been flourishing, the price of wool has
been raised, as the Senator from New Hampshire
and the Senator from Iowa have said; but they
must remember that, while the price of wool has
been rising, the price of woolen cloths has been
rising. We pay more forourcloths than before.
Mr. GRIMES and others. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. We do. You may dispute
thai as much as you please; but I say the price
of woolen cloths has been rising for the last few
years, just about in the proportion that the price
of wool has raised.
Mr. GRIMES. Since 1857?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES,Mr. WILSON,and others. Oh!
no.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would not do anything to
embarrass the woolen manufacturers. T want
them to have all the advantages they can; but I
do not want this bill to pretend to protect the fine
wools when it does not protect them. There are
no high-priced wools imported. I have a table in
my drawer stating the exact value of the wool
that paid duty; and its average price last year was
25 cents a pound. We do not produce any such
wool as that. Even the very finest wool that is
imported is worth, according to the valuation at
the custom-house, 25 cents a pound. The wools
of Iowa and Michigan are all of them a great deal
higher than even the finest wools imported that
pay a duty, according to the custom-house valu-
ation. So that is no criterion.
We have the capacity to produce all kinds of
wool m this country, the coarse wool for the
blankets, and tho fine wool for the broadcloths—
every variety of wool. We have the capacity to
produce, and can pioduee them just as cheap as
anybody else can. If a small duty is laid on
coarse wools, it prevents these frauds, and encour-
ages the home manufacturers. I think the prop-
I osition of the Senator from Kentucky is too high;
; for it would be prohibitory, and it would embar-
| rass the manufacturers, which 1 do not want to
! do. I have consulted the chairman of the com-
! nuttee—the Senator from Rhode Island—and if
! this proposition fails, I shall propose a duty of
5 percent, on all wool valued under 18 cents a
pound; and I think that will help us u little, and
be acceptable, and give a little revenue,
Mr. POWELL. It is certainly not my object
to place the Senator from Iowa in a wrong posi-
tion before his constituents. I suppose that noth-
ing I could say would do that. 1 was
hear the Senator from Michigan, whose Sate js
a very large wool-growing State, say that'l^e
price of our wool, put up as is the wool that k
imported ltere, is above 18 cents. I am very con-
fident that, if this duty was imposed on the
coarse wool of South America, it would'h&ve orie
good effect on the wool growers of the Unite,d
States. Even if it prohibited the importation of
that description of wool, it would certainly in-
crease the consumptionthe wool grown in the
West, and throughout this whole country. 1 am
very confident that it will be to the interest of the
wool grower of this country that this amendment
should pass. «
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to say one
word. The duty upon wool was the subjcct of a
great deal of discussion last winter, when this
bill was before the House of Representatives, and
I attended two or three evening meetings which
were held to try to go down lower with the free
wool. 1 believe the wool-growers and manufac-
turers finally agreed among themselves to make
this arrangement about the wool duties, and I
hope the bill will not be disturbed in this respect.
The Senator from Michigan alluded to me. If
this practice of fraud continues, and this bill fails
to prevent the practice of frauds, I will go as far
as any man to prevent it; and if I cannot stop it
in any other way, I will put a duty on every
pound of wool imported, whether worth 5 cents
or over. I intended to try to stop these frauds if
possible; but I hope the bill will be left as it is
The House of Representatives arranged this to sun
themselves; and we shall only get into anothei
difficulty at the end of the session by pressing this
matter. I hope Senators will allow this whole
business to rest at any rate until next year. If
this amendment be adopted, it will produce long
discussions in the House, perhaps for the very
purpose that discussion is carried on here.
Mr. POWELL. If my friends on the other
side of the Chamber consider the duty I have pro-
posed too high, I will strike out 19, and insert 15
per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. That will not be as well for
the revenue as the bill as it is now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to modify his amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I make that modification.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky if it includes all under 24
cents ^
Mr'. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, we shall not get as
much revenue under that as under the bill as it
now stands. There is now a duty of 3 cents a
pound on all the wool between 18 and 24 cents.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think the Senator from
Kentucky had better take my proposition, and
put 3 cents on all wool between 18 and 24 cents
and 5 cents on all under 18 cents.
Mr. SIMMONS. You had better leave it where
it is.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kentucky
says he does not wish to put the Senator from
Iowa in a false position before his people. I ap-
prehend it would be very difficult for any Senator
to put any other Senator in a false position on
this question before the intelligent wool-growers
of this country. Pour years ago, this question
had the most rigid and thorough investigation.
On one side, it was contended that the admission
of wool under 20 cents in value, duty free, instead
of diminishing the prices of our own native wool
would increase those prices. That was the posi-
tion maintained by men in and out of Congress,
and maintained by men who studied this question
the world over. Men, leprese.um^ the wo>".!-
orou'ing interests, met heie,and met in thecoun-
iry, examined that question, and generally ab-
sented to it. Pour yi^ar.fi have passed away,and
the predictions of chose who maintained that it
would increase prices instead ofdiminlsbnsg them,
have been verified by the history of the country.
By the importation of these wools, nearly all of
which range between 18 and 21 cents, (for there
