1861.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
102?
wool-growers for two or three years past, have
been doing1 tolerably well; the business has been
pretty satisfactory; and I have come to the con-
clusion that I would not attempt to alter the rate
of duty that was already fixed in this bill. I was
suspicious that there were frauds committed in
the importation of this coarse wool that ou°-ht to
be cotrcctcd. I proposed an amendment at one
time that I thought might have an effect to cor-
rect them. On inquiry about it, I am informed
that the hill itself is sufficient for that correction,
and therefore I shall not undertake to embarrass
the manufacturers against the earnest and violent
protest of those who represent that interest, by
adding any additional duty upon this coarse wool.
I am not at all certain that that would not have
the effect to operate against us, fori am perfectly
aware that our interests arc mutual. If we throw
any impediment or embarrassment in the way of
these manufactures, the reflex of it will be upon
ourselves; and I have made up my mind finally,
that, without proposing any further alterations
upon this subject, so far as my vote goes, I shall
suffer the bill to pass as it is on this subject of
wool. If frauds arc committed, they can be cor-
rected afterwards. I shall watch it closely, and
if I find that the operation of the bill is not such
as it is said it will he, I shall be the first, if I can
ascertain that fact, to correct it. For the piesent
I am unwilling to run the hazard of amending
this bill, so that it may, perhaps, militate against
our interests instead of furthering them.
Mr. GAVIN. Mr. President, a remark was made
a short time ago by the Senator from Oregon, that
there was a very small quantity of wool exported
from Oregon. 1 cannot speak as to that State, but
it is becoming a very large export from the State
of California coastwise. We have not had the
advantage of a very fine stock of sheep theie,
and therefore ours isenurelv the coarse wool; but
I believe in a short time California will be one of
the largest wool-producing States in the Union.
It has great capacities for it. There are huge
herds. There are individuals owning thousands
of head of sheep. The shipment of wool is get-
ting to be an important matter; and m time it will
be a large item of export. Therefore, so far as
the producers of coarse wool are concerned, if
any advantage is to be derived from this bill, I
think' there ought to be more duty on that ai tide.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS——rs. Biikm, Binsham, Buurg, Bright, Chand-
ler, Chnguian, Fitch, Gioen, Hemphill, Uuntet, Johnson of
Arkun^.'is, Johnson oi Toime^oe, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Niehokoti, Pcaice, Polk. Powell, Thomson, Tium-
but!, and Wilkin-on— 03
NAYS— iMe.-->r>. Anthony. Biilm, Cameion, Clark. Dix-
on, Doolittle, Durkue, Fe^emkm, root, Fo>t<n, Gtiiihn,
Halo, Hail an. Kmc., rtcw.ud, riunmoiu, Suuinur, Ton Eyck,
Wade, and WiUou—'20.
So the amendment was agreed to,
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the bill in sec-
tion twenty-two, page 45, by inserting after the
word " umbrellas,"
Unwiougbt clay, £3 ;i ton.
I do not believe there will be any objection to it.
Mr. B1GLER. Not at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. Now I move lo strike out of the
free list, at page 48, line seventy-seven, the words
"clay, nil wrought.'' There will be no objection
to that, it is necessary, for the purpose of mak-
ing the bill square with the amendment which has
just been agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. 1 move to amend the bill,on page
25, by striking out, m line six, the word ^fifteen,"
and inserting '• twenty/' m line eight, by sinking
out " ten,'' and inserting 44 twelve;" and, in line
nine, by sti iking out " ten, "and inserting "fif-
teen;" so as to make the duties on hemp as fol-
lows:
On nnmomifaeturivl h<>mp. $35 per ion; on Manilla and
othei hemps of India, .<^0 pr:i ton ; on }UK\ si-.al.giass, Min
hemp-, coir, and othei vem-tahSe subiUuce-. not enumer-
ated. used loi coida^e, $12 pei ton ; on ooddiu or tow of
hfiinp. per ton.
I will state that I have a memorandum furnished
me in regard to the duties upon hemp, rendering
the specifics as they are put down m the bill into i
ad valortms. On m inufactured hemp the duty is
$35 a ton, as the bill has been amended; and at
§30, as it was originally, it would amount to 26
per cent, ad valorem. Then, the duty upon ma-
nilla and other hemps of India, at $15 a ton, as it
is in the bill, woulu give an ad valorem duty of
13a per cent. I propose to raise thnt $15 to $20,
and that will raise the ad valorem duty a liule above
what it is hcie, so as to make it approximate to
an equality as an ad valorem with the duty upon
the unmanufactured hemp—that is the Russian
hemp. As I understand it, under this phrase,
" unmanufactured hemp," is included generally
the hemp that is brought in from Russia. As the
bill was originally projected, that was put at a
duty of §30 a ton; but it has now been amended
so as to make it $35. At $30 a ton it was an ad
valorem of 25 per cent. The manilla and other
India hemp, at $15 a ton, paid an ad valorem of
only 13| per cent. I propose to raise that to $20
a ton, which will increase the ad valorem, I sup-
pose, to nearly 20 per cent. Then, on the jufe,
sisal, grass, and sun hemp and coir and other
vegetable substances used as cordage, the bill im-
poses a specific duty of $10 per ton. That will
be 20 per cent, ad valorem. 1 propose to raise it
to $12, which will make it a little above 20 per
cent, ad valorem; but I am not very particular
about this item. On codilla, or tow hemp, there
is a specific duty of $10 per ton,by the bill. That,,
when icduccd to an ttd valorem duty, amounts to
only 10 p'M* cent. I propose to raise that to $35,
which would raise the duty to an ad valorem of
15 per cent.
The object of these amendments is to make the
ad valorem something like on an equality as ap-
plied to all these different kinds of hemp. I think
it is fair that there should be this degree of equal-
ity. 1 can see no fairness in one paying an ad
valorem of 26 per cent., and another kind an ad
valorem of only 10 per cent The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Biglkr] suggested to me that
there was but very little codilla imported; but
there is some of it imported, for, from the book
which I have before me, itappears that there was
imported between $13,000 and $14,000 worth of
it in the years 1858 and 1859.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask the Senator if
he knows exactly the rates of duty, under the
present tariff, on hemp.
Mr. POLK. I do not know what is the rate
now imposed; but theSenatoi fiom Pennsylvania
suwoests to me that it is 15 per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think I can correct the
Senator from Missouri about the prices of the dif-
ferent kinds of hemp. He will find, if he will
look into any prices-current, that Russian hemp
is more than twice the price of Manilla, and 1
have no doubt the Russian hemp is now more
than $*200 a ton. We thought $35 a ton duty was
just about equivalent to the present duty.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will allow me,
1 will state tlmt, under the present tariff, hemp
unmanufactured stands at24 per cent.; that is the
Russian hemp; the Manilla hemp at 19 per cent.;
and codilla or tow of hemp at 12 per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. They made that distinction;
hut I do not think there is $1 a ton on any of these
kinds of hemp in this bill over what the duty is
at present. I know on Russian hemp it is not so
high. I do not know why the .Senator should
say that the duty of $15 is 13 per cent., and that
the $3o duty is 26 per cent., when the price of the
one is justas much again as that of the other.
The duties were put m the bill at $30 and $15,
and we rais(d one of them $5, but the other was
about 19 p'-r cunt., and we did not raise that.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator that
these specifics, when reduced into ad ralomnSf
according to the memorandum which I have, and
which I believe is a reliable rendition of them,
makes this difference. I know that the Russian
hemp that is imported, is much more valuable
than the Manilla hemp: it is the most valuable
hemp that isimpoited; but according to the mem-
orandum, that will pay a duty of 26 per cent, at
$30 dollars a ton. 1 do not propose to interfere
with that. Indeed, it has aheady been raised to
$35 dollars a ton, winch will make more than 26
percent., adding one sixth to that—amounting to
30 per cent. But these othei classes are a great j
deal lower ad valorem. The India hemps are only i
13y per cent.: jute and sun hemp, 20 per cent.; j
and tow of hemp as low as 10 per cent. I have i
attempted to arrange this so as to make the ad
vulorems nearly equal on these different kinds of
hemp. It seems to me there can be no impro-
priety in it. I do not believe the committee in-
tended to make an unequal division of the duties
on these kinds of hemp. ^
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the bill will not be,
changed in this respect. If anything ought to be
done, Russian hemp ought to be put up. We added
to it $5 a ton, and X am astonished to hear the
Senator say 
Mr. POLK. The Senator is mistaken, ldoiiot
propose to put down Russian hemp at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not say you do; but
you propose to raise the duty on Manilla hemp,
when there is actually a greater per cent, on it
now than on the Russian hemp in this bill, as we
have raised it.
Mr. POLK. I think that is a mistake.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say the duty on Manilla^
hemp is higher now, in proportion to its cost, than
on the other hemps. I do not rely on the state-
ments which the Senator has paraded before us.
I know that whoever made this statement must
have been mistaken, or else intended to mislead
the Senator. I profess to know something about
the price of hemp.
Mr. POLK. 1 will state to the Senator that
•the statement I have is one that is furnished to
me, on my application, by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who has been chairman of
the Finance Committee; and it was furnished to
him, as I believe, by the appraisers in the city of
New York, who, I suppose, ought to understand
this matter.
Mr. SIMMONS. We have a great many cu-
rious documents coming from those custom-house
officers before the election; but, as Isaid the other
day, I never expected they would be used after
the election.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not said a word
about this tariff bill from beginning to end; but
have followed my friend from Rhode Island, be-
lieving that he knew much more about it than I
did, and believing, of all things, that it was not
very much to be benefited by discussion m this
Chamber, if we ever intended to get it through;
but here comes a point where I do feel inclined to
say a single word. This tariff is not to operate
for the benefit of Maine in any one particular.
On the contrary, it is to lay heavy burdens on
her; and if I were to consider the particular im-
mediate interests of my own State alone in refer-
ence to this hill, without looking at the interests
of the whole country and the state of the revenue,
I should vote against this tariff bill without any
sort of hesitation; but I hope I take a broader
view than that; and therefore I have been dis-
posed, understanding the subject upon general
principles more than as regards details, to do that
which, on the whole, it was thought best to do.
Here, however, is one interest of that State very
heavily burdened by this bill, and that is the in-
terest of ship-building; the building of the vessels
which are the carriers of your agricultural pro-
ductions and of your manufactures. In the in-
creased duties upon iron,and the increased duties
upon hemp, you are laying very heavy burdens
on that interest, which now has a difficult com-
petition with our neighbors alongside of us. It
It is a fact, in regard to many things, that our ship-
building interest has so much difficulty, and la-
bors under such burdens, that, when our ships
go out to foreign countries, they very frequently
take care to provide themselves with a good sec-
ond set of cordage, and rigging,and sails, &c., in
order to avoid the expense which arises from pro-
curing the same things in this country.
The duties on all these articles are raised very
considerably by this bill. They are made heavy.
At any rate, they are raised very much on iron;
and my friend from Rhode Island says the com-
mittee have raised $5 a ton on Russian hemp,
and I think that is enough. I understand the
Senator from Missouri does not propose to in-
crease that, but to increase the duties on other
kinds of hemp. They are high enough as the
bill stands now.
I will not say, as Senators have said on this
floor, that my vote depends upon what may be
done with regard to any particular article. We
can stand a good deal loi the benefit of the whole
country; we are broad in our views on these sub-
jects; and^probably 1 shall vote for the bill even
if I find a great deal of fault with it, in reference'
to my own particular section; but I hope the Sen-
ate will leave this matter as it is now, and that,
