1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
in consideration of the patiencc and silence which
we have shown, the vote will be taken at once.
Mr. BIGLER. I have thought that perhaps
it would relieve this matter a little to state the
practical operation for the year 1859, to show how
unimportant this question is. The whole im-
portation of unmanufactured hemp, in 1859,
amounted to but $405,000, and of tow of hemp,
or codiila, to $13,704.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) If there be no objection, the Chair
will put the question on all the amendments of
the Senator from Missouri at once.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biagg, Clingman, Fitch, Green, Hemp-
hiHj Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Mason,
Nicnoisou, Pearce, Polk, and Powell—13.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Biglcr, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler. Clark, Dixon, Durkee,Fessenden3 Foot, Foster,
Grimes, I-Iaie, Harlan, King, Reward, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-23.
So the amendments were rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
*3nd be it farther enacted, That from and after the 30th*
day ot'June, 1861. all acts and parts of acts granting allow-
ances or bounties on the tonnage of vessels employed in
the bank, oi other cod fisheries, be, and the same aio
Hereby, repealed.
Mr. GREEN. With the permission of the Sen-
ator, I will move that the Senate do now adjourn.
It is utteily impossible to go through with this
biil to-day.
Mr. POWELL. As this is an amendment that
will lead to discussion, probably it had better lie
over until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal to the Senator from
Kentucky, and to the Senator from Missouri, to
let me say a word only.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Missouri
withdiaw his motion'
Mr. GREEN. Yes, air, to allow the Senator
to say a woid.
Mr. CAMERON", i appeal to Senators to al-
low us to get the bill out of committee, and then
we will adjourn.
Mr. GREEN, it does not amount to a straw's
difference whet her it is in committee or in Senate;
because amendments can he proposed in cither,
as a matter of course. We have been here m
session very lon^ to-day, and 1 ically think we
need a liulu rest; and therefore we had better
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON I appeal to the kindness of
Senators to let us get the bill out of committee,
and then we shall make no difficulty about ad-
journing. Let us luive a vote on this proposition.
Mr. GREEN. 1 wili answer the Senatot. Sev-
eral other amendments are going to be proposed,
that I kno^ of; each of which will consume some
time. 1 would prefer an adjournment, and Ictus
close the bill m-monow—it may be forever.
Mr. CAMERON, ii it is understood that this
bill is to be defeated by impioper legislation, by
the legerdemain of legislation, let us understand
it, and we can be prepared for it.
Mr. PO WELL. What does the Senator mean
by legerdemain in legislation?
Mr. CAMERON. Motions to waste time.
Mr. POWELL. Alio w me to say to the Sen-
ator, that the motion 1 havo made is not designed
to waste time.
Mr. OAMJillON. 1 know that.
Mr. GRKKN. 1 ask, is mine to waste time'
Mr. CAMERON. Ins not.
Mr. GIJKEN. Then whose r
Mr. CAMLOROiV. None, as yet.
The, PRESIDING OFFICER proceeded to
put the question lo the Senate on the amendment.
Mr. "POWRLL. 1 Will say to the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, that I oft'ered this
amendment in tfood faith, thinking it ousdit to be
adopted. Our Treasury is empty. We are re-
sorting to taxation on the necessaries of life for
the purpose of laising revenue. There an: paid
out of the Treasury annually about ^000,000 for
these bounties upon cod fisheries. In my judg-
ment. the law allowing them is unconstitutional
it benefits only three or four States. Massachu-
setts has had two thirds of the benefit. This
Government lias paid about ^13,000,000 for these
bounties. It was said when they were first inaugu-
rated, it was for the purpose of h.aving a nursery
for seamen. In ray judgment., our mackerel fish-
eries, our whale fisheries, our merchant marine,
and our military marine, now afford a sufficient
tield to educate our seamen, and these bounties
ought to be repealed; and I think there is no bet-
ter time to do it than upon, this bill, at this time,
when the Treasury is empty, and we are resort-
ing to taxation upon every necessary of life for
the purpose of having revenue sufficient to carry
on the Government. The distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] a moment
ago—and I was pleased to hear it—asserted that
Massachusetts wanted no exclusive privileges.
This bounty upon these cod fisheries is an exclu-
sive privilege to Massachusetts and two or three
other States. The statistics will show that Mas-
sachusetts has had two thirds, or more, I think,
of these bounties. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Allow me to say to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that I offered no amendment to the bill in
any factious spirit. I have never attempted to be
out of the way, but have been in my place through-
out, and voted upon all questions, and inlend to
remain hero; and I shall offer no amendment that
I do not think ought to be adopted.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I sincerely hope
that, if the Senate do adjourn, they will come here
to-morrow with a distinct understanding that we
shall sit here until the 4th of March, if necessary,
to finish this bill. I will not vote for an adjourn-
ment to-night. I would rather sit here until mid-
night, and finish this bill, than come to-morrow,
and start fresh at twelve o'clock on it. The his-
tory of this bill, as of every other bill shows that
when members are fresh, the physical as wejl as
the mental powers are keen and lively for debate,
and amendment after amendment comes up, and
of course the day is consumed, and then we want
to adjourn; and it will be kept up 111 this way two
or three more days. 1 think we ought to come
to a distinct understanding, and sit this bill out,
and have it finished. And for this reason, 1 .shall
vote to-day and to-morrow, if necessary, ngaii'si
every motion to adjourn, until we finish this bill.
Mr. FESKENDEN. I wish to say one word
Mr. GltF.RN. 1 should like to understand, as
a point of order, whether my motion is debatable
or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark that he understood the Senator from Mis-
souri to have withdrawn his motion to adjouin:
because the Senator himself participated m the
following debate upon it.
Mr GllEEN. I certainly renewed it, and I
only answered questions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
having recognized the Senator from Maine, and
understanding the motion to adjourn was with-
drawn, that motion cannot now be put.
Mr. FESiSENOEN. The question is now on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, as 1 understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
perhaps had better cm reet what appeal s to be the
understanding of the Senator from Maine. That
amendment may be deemed ponding, but the vote
was laid, and theChair was about to announce the
result, when interrupted by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If a vote had been had,
and t'ne Chair was about to announce the lcsult, of
course I have nothing to say.
The PRESIDING1 OFFICER. The vote was
had. ^ The noes appeared to have it. The noes
have it, and the amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I intend to call for the yeas
and nays on it.
Mr. VESSENDEN. It is too late.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator is too late. The result had
been announced.
Mr. GREEN. It is not too late to move to ad-
journ. I make thai motion, and I want it dis-
tinctly understood that it will not be withdrawn.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretory proceeded to rail the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] called. He
made the motion to adjourn and did not answer
to his name. He is present, and 1 believe the
rule is that every Senator must vote.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Rice] and the Senator from Ark.u'-as
[Mr. Johnson] have just come in, and I bene\o
they have not voted.
The result was announced—yeas 6, nays 'S'i, as
follows:
YEAS—Meb&rb. Bragg, Fitch, Hunter, Lane, Polk, and
Powell—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Dialer, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, ClarK, Dixon, Doohttlo. Duikee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kins, Latham, Nicholson, Seward, Simmons. Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,and Wilson—27.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum present. Less than a quorum, however,
can refuse to adjourn. The Senate is without a
quorum, and refuses to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Two Senators have come
in since. There is a quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the Chair can assume that there is a
quorum, and proceed with business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Chair can
ascertain, by an actual investigation, that there is
a quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators have
come in since the vote was had, and the Chair
entertains no doubt that there is a quorum pies
ent; but there is no official record of that fart.
Mr. GREEN. I will inquire of the Chair what
number constitutes a quoium?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ch,uv
does not choose to decide that question. It is for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. GEIEEN. I should like to have that ques-
tion decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it requires thirty-four to make a
rjnoi urn.
Mr RICE. I have no desire to lend nivseif,
or to he instrumental in breaking up ,\ quouini:
and 1 wi.sh to say that I nm ht,n.-, and if my vote
will make a quorum, I am ready to j*ivc it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no doubt that there is a quorum present.
Mr. GREEN. Then 1 cannot raise the point
of order, if there is a quorum present; but 1 really
think it very important that at some proper time
we should raise that question, and have it decided
by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not important now,
because we want to get through with this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I do not raise it at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported from the select committee to the
first five sections of the bill will now be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment reported
!>y the select committee in the first section, to sti ike
out " two" and insert " ten;" so as to make the
clause read:
Providerf. That no stipulation or contract sh.tli be ni-ule
to p.evcnt the United States ],om leimfun.-ing an\ ^uni
hoiiowed under the authonty ot' this act, at anv tunc .lifer
the cxpirat.on ot ten yoara iium the dav ft* July next,
&c.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to have that stricken
out, rind to insert instead of it the following:
No contract thall he made to prevent the United States
from leclc^miuittius loan artei twenty }ear&.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator Irons Rhode Island move that as an amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear that
amendment reported as;am. I did not hear it. I
thought the Senator from Rhode Island was
through with his amendments.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Rhode Island to let that remain as it is, at ten
years.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I have no objection.
Let it stand as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported from the select
committee.
The amendment was ag>-< ed to.
The next amendment of the select committee
was, in the same clause, to strike out " six " and
insert " twenty," so as to make it read:
Ami no conuact shall be made to prevGnt tile rctiemp-
