08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
is to apprehend so much difficulty m the sale of
these notes, and why wc should make specific
pledges of particular funds for their redemption,
when wc have no such pledges in any loan bill
how in existence? It would show to the country
that we ourselves doubt the credit of the Govern-
ment. I think it is the worst policy ill the world.
I agree that the State of New York may make a
debt to construct a canal, and may pledge the
tolls oil the canals to pay the interest—there is no
trouble in that; but i am asking: the attention of
the Senator from Virginia to the question now
before us. I know he is familiar with ail these
Treasury note and loan bills that we have passed.
He did not think it necessary in 1857 to pledge
any specific funds, and yet the notes sold at par
at three or four per cent,, interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would like to ask my
friend if he adverts at all in his mind to the fact
that a portion of the lastloan that we authorized,
isnot taken at the present time?
Mr. SIMMONS. All has been taken that was
advertised; and I understand that this is to be a
substitute for the remaining portion of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; it is entirely
independent of it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Wall, I read the advei tise-
mcnt fur that loan. There was $10,000,000 ad-
vertised for, and it was all taken at a premium.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The money lias not been
-paid', though.
Mr. SIMMONS. Trouble came on, and some
of the bidders who got the loan failed to pay; but
I say that m 1857, when there was greater pres-
sure than there is now, we made no such pledge,
and 1 do not doubt that now these notes will go
at par. There is a d.fficulty, you say, in per-
mitting the Secretary of the. Treasury to have the
discretion of selling them below pur; but 1 do not
see any difficulty in that. I do not believe there
is a Senator here who would permit the faith of
the Government to fail in the payment of interest
on the 1st of January because they could not get
money at six per cent. One argument for put-
ting in this provision is, that we cannot sell these
notes at par, and the hill is altered so as to make
it discretionary with the Secretary to sell them
follow par. I would rathei take the hill as it eame
from the 1 louse, and get the money at all hazards;
and i would not distrust ourselves or impair our
credit by putting any different provision in tins
Treasury note Hill from what we have put in all
others. We know that we succeeded well with-
out any such provision in Hie worst time this coun-
try every had forissuingTrensnry notes, in 18f>7.
Why shall we not now? My greatest objection
to this proposition is, that it changes our system
of hiring money from that which we have pursued
for the last three years, and changes it now for a
temporary emergency when we want £.10,000,000
Treasury notes.
The Secn-iary proceeded to call the roll upon
the amendment, and Mr. Anthony answered to
his name.
Mr. WADE. I want to oifer an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
R-ick in the chair.) The Senator is too late; the
calling of the roll has commenced.
Mr. WADE. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to permit me to offer an amendment to
obviate what I consider an objection to the prop-
osition now pending. I fear that this amendment
will interfere with the right of Congress to dis-
pose of the public lands to actual settlers; or, in
other words, with the homestead bill. It seems
to me that it may have that effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that it is not in order to argue
the question while the roll is being called.
Mr. WADE. I ask unanimous consent..
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senator will not
propose that. If ho is against the amendment as
it stands, it will be better for him to vote against
it. If he proposes what he has suggested, he
will get up a long debate on the homestead meas-
ure. i know what the amendment is; and I think,
when the Senator offers it, he will find that it goes
further than he thinks. I do not think myself that
tins interferes with the right of Congress to dis-
pose of the public lands; but if he thinks so, he
can vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that debate is out of qvder; but Senators can
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. WADE. I suppose wc can amend the
proposition when we get into the Senate. ["Oh,
yes."]
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The calling of
the roll has commenced, and all debate is out of
order.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On agreeing to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BINGHAM. The amendment pledging
the proceeds of the public lands? [" Yes."]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays ]6; as follows:
YEAS—Mes>rs. Baker, Bajaid,Benjamin, f>igIer,Bingg,
Cameron, Clark, CIingimui. Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fi-v-
senden, Fitch, Fit/patrick, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale,
Ilunter. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk,
Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, beward, Slidell, Sumner,
Thomson, Wigtall, Wilson, and Yulco—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler,Doolittle,
Douglas*, Omkeo, Foot, Gilmer, Harlan, King, Itiee, Sim-
mons, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—-16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, in section four, line nine, after the
word " President," to strike out:
"To borrow from time to time, oa the best terms proposed,
such sums of money, upon the credit of the notes author-
ized by tins act, as lie may deem expedient, after having
given public notice of at least ten days, of the sum or sums
required, and inviting proposals therefor, in ne\v>papers
published m the citiea of Washington and New Yoik."
And in lieu thereof to insert:
To HHue so many of the noses hereby authorized to be
isbiied as may amount to a sum not extveding ^3,000,00^,
at such rate of inteiest an may be offered by the lowest
ic&pon-siblo bidder or bidder?-, who may agree to take the
w.ud notes, at par, alter public ndveitisi inont ot'uor less tlum
ten d:iy< m sncli papeis as the President may diieetj the
said adveiti.semoni to propose to issue such notes at pai to
those who may oiler to take the same at the lowest late of
latere:,?; but in deciding upon those bids no fjaction*, shall
be considered which may be le^s than one fourth of one
pei eenlum per annum.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken,
1 surest that we strike out the limitation of
£,3,000,000, and allow the provision to apply to
the whole sum. When I agreed to the $3,0uu,000
limitation, I supposed the committee was going
to report for twenty dollar notes.
Air. HUNTER, i will state, in regard to that,
that I thought it was better to try the amount we
xforo obliged to have, in order to see how it would
work, under the hope that if this pledge of the
public lands remained, and the notes were reduced
to fifty dollars, we could work oil' the residue; but
I have no objection, myself, to applying this pro-
vision to the whole amount.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand this matter
aright, the House sent us a bill for the issuing of
Treasury notes, with authority in the Executive
to sell all of those notes, from time to time, as
occasion should require, for the purpose of rais-
ing money, at whatever price they might bring.
I understand the amendment now offered to be to
confine the power of the Executive in disposing
of those notes in the market at what they may
bring, to $3,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. CAMERON. Oh,
no.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is it, then.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state what it is. The bill, as sent here
by the House, authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury, with the approval of the President, to
hypothecate these notes at any sum for which he
could raise money on them; mother words, to
borrow money and give these notes as collateral
security; and, of course, if the money should not
be paid at maturity, the notes would have to be
sold for what they would bring. The amendment
is, that the Secretary of the Treasury is to adver-
tise for proposals to take the mojiey at par at the
lowest rate of interest at which the notes will be
taken, and it confines that advertisement to
$3,000,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. At six per cent. ?'
Mr. CAMERON. At such a rate of interest
as he can get the money for at par.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 dislike that limitation to
§3,000,000. 1 have no objection to the power be-
ing given to the Executive to dispose of these
notes for such money as may be wanted; but to
limit that to $3,000,000 only, I am opposed to as
at present advised. I understood the honorable
Senator from Virginia to suggest that that was
the sum which would be immediately needed.
Now, sir, 1 understand that that is needed in this
way: about that sum will be wanted in January
for the purpose of paying the interest on the pub-
lic debt.
Mr. HUNTER. A little under that; not quite
that, but about that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, pretty near it.
Now, Mr. President, I think there is just the same
need, and at the very same time, for money be-
yond the amoun-t required to pay the interest on
the public debt. Last January there was an issue
of Treasury notes which were sold for money—•
I think $>10,000,000 for one year. They were
madcreceivablefor public dues, and some of them
may come in, and probably have come in, in pay-
ment of duties; but the great body of these notes,
as I understand the matter, remain out now. They
are not yet due; but they will be due just about
the time that the interest is due on the public
loans. The Treasury issued the notes at differ-
ent dates, because the subscribers paid in the
money at different times; and i cannot fix the
dates precisely, but I think they were all issued
in the first part of January last.
I am reminded that there was last session pro-
vision made for a loan of $20,000,000 for the pur-
pose of redeeming the Treasury notes then out.
Gentlemen understand very well that only half
that loan has been advertised and bid for, and a
part of the money paid and a part of it not paid;
but that does notat all provide lor the case. There
are $10,000,000 Treasury notes which we issued
last January that will fall due next January. The
other $10,000,000 contained in the twenty million
loan bill, have never been advertised for, and the
power to borrow them remains in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury now. Bids can be
advertised for if he thinks proper; hut it is prob-
ably not thought advisable to do that; and it is
proposed by the issue of these Treasury notes to
get money, and we are to try to sell them at par.
He cannot sell them below par,according to my
recollection of the proposition. lie cannot sell
the loan in the present state of the money market,
and it is not, probably, advisable to try Unit at the
present moment; and hence tins provision for
Treasury notes. Well, then, we want the.se
Treasury notes not merely to pay interest on the
loan falling due in January, but also to pay the
Treasury notes falling due in January, with the
interest upon them.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will say to the Senator from
Vermont that I much prefer that the amendment
should prevail; but we took what we thought we
could carry. We are obliged to have a certain
amount, and I do not wish to 1 isk a failure of the
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why are we not obliged
to provide for the one as well as for the other?
Mr. HUNTER. Because it may not be de-
manded. How do we know that it will be de-
manded?
Mr. COLLAMER. The public faith is pledged
to the redemption of the Treasury notes winch
fall due in January, and certainly it needs the
same provision for the payment of them a.s for
the payment of interest on the loan. You might
as well ask me how do I know that the commu-
nity will ever look for the interest on the loan.
There is just as good reason to believe they will
present the Treasury notes. They cannot get
interest on them without presenting them. Sup-
pose 1 hold one of the notes, payable m January
with interest: I am obliged to present it, because
I cannot get interest beyond the day it is due
without presenting it. You have not agreed to
pay me interest beyond January. It is unly in-
terest for one year contained in the note.
Mr. HUNTER. Wo pay interest on the note
until it is called in.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly, until the man
presents it. Say I have a Treasury note, issued
last January, with interest due upon it on the
6th day of January next.
Mr. HUNTER. It bears interest until the
Secretary of the Treasury advertises for it to
come in.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; it bears interest
just that year, and a man cannot keep that in Ins
pocket and wait for it to be ealled in. I know it,
for 1 have had occasion to buy some of the notes
—I did not buy them for myself, I had not the
