1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
money to buy them with; it was for a company
that wanted them. It is understood that the
holder must present the note or lose interest, and
hence it will be presented as a matter of course.
I3ut, Mr. President, i desire that the provision
for the sale of Treasury notew should extend to
tin- whole of the notes that we issue, if the Ex-
ecutive finds it needful. He can ascertain whether
the notes are to be presented, whether there is
occasion for it. I dislike to have the public credit-
ors present their paper for payment when it is due,
and to have them told that they must take Treas-
ury notes, when there is a discount on them m
the market, and the answer is, "Oh, well, you
can go into the market and sell them and get your
money." Who should suffer that discount, the
Government, who owes the money, or the man
to whom it is due? Cutainly the Government.
I therefore desire that the amendment, as I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
has proposed, should extend to the whole amount,
and not bo limited to $3,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance has stated that this proposition
now made for an amendment is satisfactory to
him, and it would have been satisfactory to him
had it remained applicable to the whole loan.
That induces me to state that I am responsible,
perhaps, in bome degree at least, for the amend-
ment that was made, in fact reducing the amount
to be put into market to £,3,000,000. I remain of
the t-ame opinion, and I will state the reasons for
it duvefiy; but 1 wish, i.i the first plac-?, to say
to my friend from Vermont that lie may not ac-
complish his purpose. If we are to attempt to
meet, on the 1st day of January next, the amount
of Treasury notes that then becomo payable, we
mns; have a larger amount of issue than #10,000,000
at • he present time, for this is intended to meet
oilier obligations of the Government decidedly
moie prt ssmg, and in which the credit of the Gov-
crnm-nt is involved.
if the Senate is disposed to make an amend-
ment to tins Lu!l#of the House, by which we shall
meiease this amount lai&cly enough to cover, not
only the present liabilities of the Government for
cash to preserve its credit, but also to c.o\er the
Treasury notes that may be presented at that time,
and redeem those, that will be for the considera-
tion of Congress; but I take it, nobody wants to
go above the £>10,000,000 at the present time, this
being a mere temporary expedient, presenting
itself as it does. 1 wish to stop there; we do not
feel disposed to increase the amount of the House
hill; and unless we do, we cannot accomplish the
purpose suggested by my friend from Vermont
at ail.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator will indulge
me for a moment m saying that I do not suppose
the 010,000,000 of which 1 spoke as falling due in
Januaiy are all standing out. because those notes
are leceivable for dues, and no doubt a consider-
able portion of them has been so received.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I cannot, tell how much
may be standing out at this time. I do not know.
Theie may be possibly a way of finding it out.
I do not know how; but 1 suppose the chairman
of the committee can inform me.
Mr. HUNTER. There are more than ten
million outstanding, 1 believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But of that particular
issue of Treasury notes?
Mr. HUNTER. If they are all to be pre-
sented on the 1st of January, this is not enough.
Mr. COLLAMER. Part may have come in
to pay for duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how much
may be outstanding; 1 am spoakingof the amount
for which we are liable. What it may be, I can-
not tell. Now, J am opposed entirely to putting
into the hands of the Government, unless it is
absolutely necessary, the power to sell these notes
for what they will bring. I do not believe in the
idea at all. I do not think the credit of the Gov-
ernment has come to that bad pass that we ought
to put that power into the hands of the Execu-
tive. For myself, I am opposed, under all cir-
cumstances, to having our paper shaved in this
way; for that is the amount of it.
1 was willing to go just so far as was absolutely
necessary, and no further, to preserve the credit
of the Government; for we have got to provide
$2,000,000, at all events and at all hazards, to sus-
tain our credit at a day so near that there is a rea-
sonable possibility, a reasonable chance, that -we
may not be able to do it except in this way; and
hence 1 am willing to submit to it; butTl am not
willing to go further, because 1 dislike the prin-
ciple; and for one, I am unwilling to admit that
the credit of the Government has got to that low
pass that we should put this power into the hands
of any officer of the Government. As 1 said be-
fore, though 1 may be mistaken in reference to
that matter, the money maiket is controlled by
moneyed men; and if we put the whole of this
issue in that position, the probability is that we
may suffer a severe loss, and injure the credit of
the Government very much t>y the destruction of
our paper in consequence of the power thus given.
That is my view of it. Whether it is sound or
not, the Senate can judge.. I have no grounds
for opposing such a proposition other than these
public grounds that 1 have stated; but, as a matter
of course, I may be wrong in all this. I have, as
I ought to have, confidence in the financial knowl-
edge and ability of my friend from Pennsylvania;
and 1 hope and believe that, on fuller considera-
tion, he will see that this is not a wise tlung that
he has proposed.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not see that the Sen-
ator from Maine and myself disagree at all. 1
proposed originally in the committee that we
should issue. Treasury notes of twenty dollars
each. With that issue, I believed we could sus-
tain the whole of them by getting §2,000,000 for
immediate use, to pay the inteicst due on the pub-
lic debt on the 1st of January, without any other
arrangement or any other subtcifuge. 1 believe
that the credit of a government is like the crcdit
of an individual. When momy is much m de-
mand, individuals have to pay a high price for it;
and so have governments. Just now our State
securities are very low. This Government needs
money very badly. She wants, within a few days,
a large amount, and for that amount which she
i requires she will have to pay just such a price, as
those who have the article demand. That is a
common business idea which every man in busi-
ness finds out in h;s own transactions. Two
million dollars will suffice for the immediate want
of the Government, to which I have referred. Tho
other $8,000,000, 1 believe, could be made avail-
able to the creditors of the Government by issuing
notes in sums less than fifty dollars. For in-
stance, a large number of nv.n employed about
the Capitol have demands of twenty dollars for '
their month's, or their half month's, or their
weelc's service, and they would" be perfectly will-
ing to take a note for twenty dollars in payment
in place of gold; but if you make the notes fifty
dollars, that class of creditors cannot take them.
Then there is all over the country, certainly in
my State, a large number of people who yearly
save small sums—children, unmarried women,
persons of small means but thrifty habits, who
lay up ten or fifteen or twenty dollars a year.
That class of people will be glad to get your
twenty dollar note, and receive the interest which
the Government pays, and that will make it a
currency. In addition to that, the income from
the public lands last year was $1,777,000. That
amount will be applicable to the redemption of
these Treasury notes *, and it is a sufficient specie
basis to pay all that will be demanded.
I look at this matter in a common-sense view.
I can see no more harm in the Government issu-
ing small notes than in individuals or States or
banks issuing them. What wrong can it do?
Is there any difference in principle between issuing
a twenty-dollar note and a fifty-dollar note r The
only difference is, that practically the one becomes
a currency for the rich and the other a currency
for the poor. No wrong is done to anybody,
but great good is done to the Government by it.
I think you will save some two or three per cent
in interest on your debt, if you agree to issue
$8,000,000 of notes in twenties and fifties and hun-
dreds, and direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue at once $2,000,000 at such a rate of interest
as he can receive and get for the notes taken at
par. That is my view of it.
Now* m regard to the homestead bill, I have
to say that this will not affect it at all. Have I
not voted for that bill as steadily as anybody else?
Am I not as much devoted to its principle? Have
I not every reason to be anxious that every man
who can, should get a home on the public domain?
This amendment merely pledges the income from
the public lands—that portion of them which is
sold, and the proceeds of which are brought into
the Treasury. ' Those proceeds alone are pledged
for the redemption of these notes. The lands
themselves are not pledged*. I feel more th&n
ordinary interest about this matter, because 1 am'
desjrous of saving the credit of this country. To-
day is the 12th of the month; on the 1st of next
month you have to pay $2,000,000 of interest.
Will any man, whose heart feels right towards
this country, refuse to get money sufficient to pay
that interest at any cost?
I was a little mortified and greatly surprised to
find gentlemen on the other side who were talking
about secession all voting to save the credit of the
country,while some of my friends here, who ought
to be for saving this country, were deserting us.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is your motion
now?
Mr. CAMERON. I have been making an ex-
planation ;-no motion at all. But if I were allowed,
1 would make a motion to change the denomina-
tion of the notes from fifty to twenty dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not in order now.
Mr. CAMERON. I know it is not in order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Wilt the Chair state the
question?
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecretary
will read the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 understood the Senator
from Pennsylvania to say that he had made no
motion for amendment. 9
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands from the Secretary that there is no
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
pending; but the question is on the amendment
of the Committee on Finance to strike out all of
the fourth section of the bill after the word " Presi-
dent,"in the ninth line, and, in lieu thereof, to
insert:
To i-tue so many of the notes lieichy authorised lobe
I'-bucd a « may amount to a '-urn not exceeding .<b#3OIK)3OGO
at such iateot' unci est as maybe offered by the lowest
icspon>ible bidder oj bidders, who may agreu to take the
said notes at par, after public advertisement of not less
than ton days in such papers as the President may direct;
the said advertisement to propose to i?sue such notes^at
par to those who may ofier «r> take the same at the lowest
rat*1 of interobtj hut in deciding upon tiio-^c bids no frac-
tions shall be considered which may be of less than one
fourth per centum per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and still open to amendment. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the bill has not been read
through as yet. Is it tjic pleasure of the body to
have the bill read througn, or to dispense with
its reading?
Mr. WADE. Is it now in order to amend the
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. I desire to amend the amend-
ment which has been adopted pledging the pro-
ceeds of the public lands for the redemption of
this debt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that that will not be in order
until the bill shall have been reported to the Sen-
ate. It is now in Committee of the Whole. The
Chair hears .no objection to dispensing with the
reading of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better be
read, if anybody will attend to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose everybody has
read it who wants to know what it is. It is in
print, and we have heard the amendment. I hope
the reading will not be insisted upon. Those
who would not read it themselves will hardly
listen to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall make no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to dispensing: with the reading
of the bill. '
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendments made in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WADE. I now move my amendment.
It comes in at the end of the amendment already
adopted, pledging the proceeds of the public lands
