1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
very much above the present duty. The wire is I
the raw material to the manufacturer of these
articles, and he, by this bill, pays a duty of 40
per cent, on the raw material; and 1 think, if we
give him a duty on the manufactured aniclc of
only 30 percent., the Senator from Pennsylvania
ought not to complain.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is totally mistaken
about the duty on iron.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not mistaken, with all
deference to the Senator; because I have a letter
from the most intelligent manufacturer in my
State, in which he says that he uses between
four and five hundred tons of this wire, on which,
by this bill, he will pay a duty of 40 per cent.;
and I ask, as a matter of partial justice to him,
that, after we tax him 40 per cent, on the law
material, we allow him at least 30 per cent, on the
manufactured article. It would seem to me to be
gross injustice to refuse it.
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Strike out, in page 37, from the INt of goods paying a
duty of 20 per centum ml valorem, " t-addleiv, couch, ami
harness, haidware, silver-plated, Ina^, biaf-s plated, or
oovcred, common, tinned, hunu->hcd, or japanned. not oth-
erwise provided lor;" and m*mt these woids attci line
fifty, page 41, m the list of aiticles paying a duty ot 30 pei
centum ad cttlorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move, on page 49, in line
eighty-nine, after the words "copper ore," to
insert " 5 per cent."
Mr. SIMMONS. That ought not to be put in
that section,because the articles there arc exempt
from duty. If the Senator wants that amendment
made, he should proposo to transfer copper ore
to some other section.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand there is no
duty now on copper ore.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator that
he withhold his amendment until the bill cornea
into the Senate, in the mean tune, he can look
up the proper place for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to the
Senator's proposition. I Willdoulmost anything
to get a little money in.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well, I withdraw the
amendment at present.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose an amendment that
will add to the uniformity of the bill, in relation
to paintings and statuary. In the free list we find
"all other paintings and statuary, provided the
same be imported m good faith as objects ot taste
and not of merchandise." 1 propose to tiansfer
into that list, and place in connection with paint-
ings and statuary, the clause "engravings or
plates, bound or unbound." They are obviously
in the same category, and they ought to be in the
same condition, so far as the duty is concerned.
I will therefore make the motion in this foim: to
strike out on page 30, line thirty-five 
Mr. FEvSSENDEN. There is a great differ-
ence between engravings and paintings.
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me until I state my
motion. 1 move to stnke out engravings, or
plates bound or unbound," m line tlnrty-Ii\e of
page 30, and to insert these words after the word
" statuaiy,'* and before the word "provided,"
in line one hundied and eighty-three of page 53;
so that it will read in this way:
Painting and >tatuaiv, the production of Amei icrui ;uti^N
abroad, jiihI all other painting and a-t ituai\, and enslav-
ing? oi plate*, hound oi unbound: Piondcd, The .sune he
impoited m good faith as objects of ta^te and not oi mci-
chandise.
Mr. SIMMON'S. I do not suppose you will
ever get any duties on statuary and engravings
after that, tor everybody will impoit them as
matters of taste.
Mr. SUMNER. Paintings and statuary are in
that condition now. Tln.ic jn no duty on them,
piovided they are imported in good faith as ob-
jects of taste and not of merchandise. I simply
propose to put other works of art—engravings
and plates, bound or unbound—m the same con-
dition with paintings and .statuary, "provided the
same be imported m good faith as objects of taste
and notofmerchandi.se."
The amendment was rejected,
Mr. SIMMONS. There is a single word omit-
ted. On page 46, m the sixteenth line, after the
word " medals," I move to insert" regalia." This
is m the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'Will th« Sen-
ate vote upon the amendments which have hern
made as in Committee of the Whole, in the ag-
gregate, or on each amendment separately?
Mr SIMMONS. I hope the Senate will vote
upon the amendments in the aggregate, except the
one putting a duty upon very coarse wool. That
I want excepted.
Mr. LANE. I think this is the proper time to
move my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate, and is still open for amendment.
Mi. LANE. Then I move the amendment
which has been printed, and lies on the table.
Mr, FOSTER. I suggest that the ouestion is
on the amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stands corrected.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that the bill
has been report! d to tln> Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for a separate vote on
that amendment which levies a duty on tea and
coffee.
Mi. HUNTER. I think we had better adjourn
now, and let the amendments lie over, so that we
can examine them and see which we wish to ex-
cept. I am willing that the vote shad be taken
in gioss on those which may not be excepted to;
but unless time be given to examine them, [ shall
have to call for a separate vote now upon each
one by itself.
Mr. POLK. Let us adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill ism the Senate;and
I mcve that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I desire to know whether my
amendment i«? now pending, so that we shall have
a vote upon it m the morning'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Oregon that the question
must fust be taken on the other amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the motion to
adjourn be withdrawn, in order that I may make
one word of explanation. I understood the Sen-
atoi funn Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigixu] to state
that it was universally understood on the other
side of the Chamber that we should come to a vote
and finish this bill to-morrow. I wish to know,
before we adjourn, whether that is the understand-
ing; because if it is not, we had better sit to-night,
and go on with the bill.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the general intention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If that is the general un-
derstanding, i am willing to consent to an adjourn-
ment now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cannot
be the subject of any motion or vote by the Senate.
The question is on the motion that the Senate
adjoin n.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Feb maty If), 1SG1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday wasi cvd and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post-
master General, transmitting, agreeably to the
provision of the eleventh section of the act of Con-
gress approved August 26, IrU*"}, a statement of
clet ks and other persons employed in that Depart-
ment during the year ending December 3U, I860;
j which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
! printed.
Also, a communication fiom the same part-
merit, transmuting, agrt eably to the r< quuvment
of the twentieth section of an act of Congress of
August 26, 1812, a detailed statement of the ex-
penditure of I lie contingent fund of the Post Offico
Department, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
I860; winch was laid en the table, and ordered to
be printed.
MKdSAOn FROM Till] SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pattom,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
the bill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1862.
NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. FENTON J have a resolution which I
shall propose as a substitute for the report of the
committee of thirty-three; and I ask that it be
printed.
The resolution, which was read, is as follows:
Whereas the Constitution jnescnbc^,in aitielc five, that
"the Congress, whenever two thuds ot both Houses vhall
deem it necessaiy. t-lidl piopo^c amendments to the Con-
stitution, or on the application of the Legedatuies ot two
thuds of the seveiai States, shall call a eon volition for pin-
points; amendment^ which, m either case,sdiaJt bo valid to
all intent* and purpose-*, ai part of this Constitution when
ratified by the Legislatures ot three fourth-; of- the several
States, or by convention in thieo fourths thereof;*' and
whciea-5 varied and conflicting opinions picvaii among the
menibeu- of thi& lloubom regard to the eau^e^ winch have
produced theunhappvdi>tuiiuincesnowafflictingourcoun-
try, and in icgard to the piopur mode of quietingand adjust-
ing these distuih.mecs, and guaidmg against their future
occurrence: Thcrefme,
IlcoU-cd, That, in the judgment of this House, the proper
tribunal to which all cxic-tina: disttubing questions, should
be u feired, lor deliberate consideration and final settle-
ment, i? a convention of delegates irom the several States
oi'the Union, to be called in the mode prescribed in the
Con>titution.
The resolution was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
SPECIAL PRINTING.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, mtioduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agiecd to:
Resolved, That the account for punting done by older of
the select committee appointed to investigate the late ab-
straction of Indian tiu^t bonds be paid out oi the contingent
lund of the IIou<e, a-> audited by said committee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to state to the House
that I yesterday voted inadvertently upon what
is called the force bill. 1 was paired off with Mr.
Wiiiteley; and I ask that my vote be withdrawn.
No objection being made, the Journal was cor-
lectod accordingly.
Mr. CURTIS. I call for the regular order of
business.
EXPENSES OF CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will yield
to me for a single moment, to permit me to offer
a ievolution.
Mr. CURTIS. What is it?
Mr. DAWES. It is a simple resolution from
the Committee of Elections. It will not take a
minute. I am instructed by the Committee of
Elections to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That Mich expenses as the Committee of Ac-
counts of the limine sdiall find have been actually and ne-
ce-^auly inclined m the |no„.cc utiwn oi defence ui the
several election case** fiom the States of Michigan, Ken-
tucky, Missouri, New Yoik, Maiyland, and the'Temtory
ot Nebraska, during the pies'ent Congic.-s, ^iniil be allowed
and paid out ot tiie miscellaneous itemof the appiopnation
foi the contingent expenses ot the House.
Mr. BRANCH. That resolution is a little too
broad, and I must object to it. it does liotspecify
such expenses as have been inciured by the com-
mittee, or under their order; but would cover all
the expenses incurred by contestants. I do not
know what the purpose of the committee is.
Mr. DAWES. The design is to cover the ex-
penscsof witnesses and the printing of documents
and briefs for the use of the committee.
Mr, SICKLES I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that iie agiee to the modifi-
cation of the resolution suggested by the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
Mr. 15RANCH. I have no sort of objection to
the resolution if it is so worded as to pay no ex-
penses except those which have been incurred for
the committee and by its orders. But, of course,
I am unwilling that Congress shall pay for print-
ing done for contestants before the committee.
Mr. DAWES. No printing is designed to be
covered by the resolution, except the printing of
the briefs for the use of the committee. Tiie com-
mittee requested the contestants to have their briefs
punted for the use of the committee. The expense
of that printing is included in the resolution.
Air. BRANCH. All that would be covered by
the language which 1 suggest.
