1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imt
Van Wyck. Verree. Wade. Waldron, Walton, CadmUader
C. Washburn, Elhnn JB. YVaslibijrne, Wells, Wilson, Win-
doiu, Wood, ami Woodiutf—105.
So the House retused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the vole*
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, stated that
his colleague Judge Adams was detained at home
by sickness.
Mr. ADRAJN.said: Mr. Speaker, I want to
explain my vote
Mr. RUST. I caii the gentleman to order;and
i insist on the enforcement of the rules.
Mr. ADRAIN. I suppose that I have the
right to explain my vote. [Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman will vote.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the rules will
be enforced.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to any explanation of
votes.
Mr. ADR A IIS. 1 vote to lay the bill upon the
table, because no opportunity is afforded for dis-
cussion. [Cues of "Order!"] It ought to be
discussed. [Cries of u Order!"] I vote "ay."
Mr. BOTELER. 1 desire to say a word on
this subject, as a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs. [Cries .of <c Order!"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
I insist on the Speaker of this House enforcing
the rules
Mr. BOTELER. I presume that I have the
right to explain my vote, as a question of privi-
lege. 1 am a member of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affair?.
Mr. ADRAiN. There are no privileges here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that no
debate is m oider during the call of the roll.
Mr. BOTkLER. I have but a word to say.
Ai every btage of the progress through the Com-
mittee oi> Military Affairs of this most ill-timed,
unwise, and iniquitous measure, I have warred
against it; and only tins morning, I took occasion
to warn tlifi chairman of the committee that he
could not devise a more efficient method by which
to destmv the Union, than to persist in pressing j
it in iliis way, and at this particular time, through i
the House. [Curs of " Order '."] I vote "ay." I
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs gentlemen j
to preserve order. ;
.* Mr. COX. As this is a disunion measure, I j
vote to lay it upon the table. [Ciies of" Order !"J ,
Mr H1NDMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is with j
great reluctance that I vote for the motion to lay '
upon the tahie, recognizing the measure as one of :
the best disunion propositions made in this Con- i
gress. 1 wili, however, to remain m good com- '
pany, vote to lay upon the table. '
Mr. DUNN stated that his colleague, Mr. Hol- j
rian, was paired with Mr. Ashley. j
Mr, SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, the people of !
the North will repaid this as the substitution of
coercion foi ]u«tioc, as the abandonment of eon- ■
cihation for war. [Cries of " OrderI vote]
(' ay.!5 i
Mr SIMMS stated that his colleague was de- ]
, tamed from the House by an engagement in the j
Supreme Court. |
Mr. PEYTON stated that his colleague, Mr. j
Brown, was detained at his room by sickness in !
his family; and that, if he were present, he would
vote to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. CARTER stated that he was requested to
say to the House that Mr. Foster, of Maine,
was paired with Mr. Wiiiteley, of Delaware,
for the purpose of attending the peace congress.
Mr. RUST stated that Mr. b\rret was paired
with Mr Hat.e.
Mr. VANCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Smith, was confined to his room by sickness; and
that if he were present, he would vote "ay."
Mr. GARNETT said that he would make the
same statement in regard to his colleagues, Mr.
Jenkins and Mr. Smith. They were both absent
because of illness, and would no doubt vote to
lay the bill upon the table, if they were present.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BLAIR., from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported thatthey had examined, and found
truly enrolled, bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 134) for the relief of James Smith;
A bill (S. No. 227) for the relief of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber;
A bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of Annie D.
Reeves; and
A bill (S. No. 543) to carry into effect conven-
tions between the United States and the Repub-
lics of New Granada and Costa Rica.
the militia—again.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
demand for the previous question on the pending
bill in reference to calling out the militia.
Mr. CORWIN. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his demand for the previous questiofi until
1 submit a motion which will leceive the general
concurrence of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and yield to my colleague.
Mr. HINDMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw it absolutely?
Mr. FLORENCE. Of course he must.
Mr. CORWIN. I suppose that the time has
arrived for taking up the special order.
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
Mr. CORWIN. I move to postpone that spe-
cial order until to-morrow at one o'clock, with a
view of giving an opportunity for the discussion
of this question of the militia. I think it ought
to be discussed, for I am sure the motives which
have dictated the presentation of the bill, and I
think its legitimate effect and the status of the Jaw
on the subject, are very imperfectly understood
in this House.
Mr. SICKLES. That is not to be wondered
at; for neither has the bill been printed, nor dis-
cussion of it permitted.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I inquire of my
colleague, when he proposes to call the previous
question on the report of the select committee of
thirty-three? 1 desire to speak on the question;
and 1 hope nothing will be done to pieclude me
from an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is the motion to postpone
the special order now in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to
believe that it is not exactly in order, another
quesnon being at this time before the House.
Mr. SICKLES. The objection is technical,
and I hope will not be insisted on. The morning
hour has almost expired.
Mr. WINSLOW. How near is the morning
hour to its termination >
The SPEAKER. Only five minutes.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suggest, by unani-
mous consent, that this bill shall be postponed
until to-morrow, and ordered to be printed in the
Giobc.
Mr. STANTON. It is in the Globe of this
morning.
Mr. SICKLES. We ought to have an oppor-
tunity of rending the bill.
Mr. CORWIN. You can read it in the Globe.
MV SICKLES. Rut we cannot go through
this bill currente calamo, as the gentleman from
Ohio desires.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the pending bill
be postponed until to-morrow, at one o'clock, and
be made the special order, with a view of having
it discussed. I move, also, that it be printed.
Mr. SICKLES. That is fair.
Mr. CORWIN. 1 waive my motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. I under-
stand that it is the intention of the chairman of
the select committee of thirty-three to call the pre-
vious question next Friday on the report of that
committee, and if the motion be agreed to, dis-
cussion of measures of peace will be arrested, in
order that questions of war may be debated.
Mr. CORWIN. I will oblige my most un-
happy colleague. [Laughter.] I never will call
for the previous question until this question has
been fully discussed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Sir, this is the
most solemn and important question ever debated
in the American Cong? ess, and too serious every-
way for jest. It ought to make every man " un-
happy;" and I am very sorry that my facetious
colleague is notunhappy over it too. It is a pity,
sir, that he cannot lay aside his levity long enough
to consider it with a little of the seriousness which
it demands. Jt is no time, sir, for smartness, but
for sadness and solemnity rather.
Mr. STANTON. My proposition is to post-
pone this bill until one o'clock to-morrow, and
make it the special order at that tiiape, with a view
to discuss it to-morrow.
Mr. WINSLOW. Is that motion in order? -
The SPEAKER. It is not, if objected to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to it.
Mr. STANTON. Then 1 will let the call for
the previous question stand, and allow my col-
league to call up the special order. The pend-
ency of the previous question, I take it, will bring
up this bill during the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. SICKLES. Will you allow debate?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
appropriation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means the Senate amendments to the following
bills; which were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill (H. R. No. 914) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
3862; and
A bill (H. R. No. 865) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1862.
state 05" the union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces that
the business before the House is the special order,
being, the report from the special committee of
thirty-three, upon which thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stewart] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, then ad-
dressed the House for an hour. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained the floor.
enrolled bills.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial departments of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1862; and a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to revise and
adjust the account of John Randolph Clay, Uni-
ted States minister to Peru; when the Speaker
signed the same.
navy apppropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my colleague to yield
the floor, that I may move to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. VALLANDIC
IGHAM. 1 will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the naval ap-
propriation bill be made, the special order in com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
message filom tiie president.
A message from the President, by A. J. Gloss-
bkenner, his Private Secretary, Announced that
the President had approved and signed bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 673) for the relief of Wil-
liam Cowing;
An act (H. R. No. 841) making further pro-
vision in relation to consolidated land offices;
An act (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of
appeal from the decisions of circuit courts to the
Supremo Court of the United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861.
william n. DE GROOT.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me, before the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is put, to ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table a joint
resolution of the Senate, which I desire to pass?
There will be no debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
Mr. BURNETT. It is a resolution repealing
a joint resolution passed by Congress, referring
the claim of William H. De Groot to the Secre-
tary of War for adjustment.
