1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73.
E.
ida frontiers, that he crossed that border; he took
the fort on the Suwanec; he took Pensacola,
and he established a government. Spain com-
plained, and demanded that the territory should
e returned and apologies be made. Mr. John
Gluincy Adams, as Secretary of State, wrote to
John Forsyth to say to his most Catholic Majesty
that this Government did not compound either
.with " perfidy or impotence;" that the Spanish
Government had not kept a sufficient force in that
territory to restrain their Indians, and that Gen-
eral Jackson had taken it because it seemed to be
a waif; that if his most Catholic Majesty would
send a sufficient force there to restrain those liv-
ing upon the border, then this Government would
return it: but it had no apology to make fordoing
■that which it had a right to do; and that unless a
sufiicientforce wassenttoFloridato keepthepeace
upon the border, and to preventour citizens from
being annoyed, they should hold it. He told
John Forsyth to explain to the Government of
Spain that they either had the power to restrain
their Indians, or they had not; that one horn of
the dilemma they had to take; that if they had
the power and would not use it, we would not,
and could not, compound with perfidy; if they
hud not the power, that we could not and would
not compound with impotence.
Thus I say to the different States, as the repre-
sentative of my State, that within your borders
there are presses and there are public speakers,
and unless the newspapers have given a false
account of the fact, your President electa few
months, or possibly weeks, before his nomina-
tion was a hired Abolition lecturer, delivering, at
$100 a lecture, lectures throughout, the country,
exciting the people against us. We say to those
States that you shall not—that is the word I
choose to use, and I reflect the feeling and de-
termination of the people I represent when I use
it—you shall not permit men to go there and ex-
cite your citizens to make John Brown raids or
bung fire and strychnine within the limits of the
State to which I owe my allegiance. You shall
not publish newspapers and pamphlets to excite
our slaves to insurrection. You shall not publish
newspapers and pamphlets to excite the non-
slaveholders against the slaveholders or the slave-
holders against the non-slaveholders. We will
have peace; and if you do not offer it to us, wo
will quietly, and as we have the right under the
constitutional compact to do, withdraw from the
Union and establish a government for ourselves;
and if you then persist in your aggressions, we
will leave it to the ultima ratio regum, and the
sovereign States will settle that question
" Where. the battle's wreck lies thickest
And deaths brief pang is quickest."
And when you laugh at these impotent threats,
as you regard them, I tell you that cotton is
king! [Loud applause in th<  galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Order! Order must be preserved in
the Senate Chamber, or directions will be given
to the Sergeant-at-Arms to clear it at once.
Mr. HALE. Mr, President- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER Order!
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
That threat has been made once, twice, thrice
this session; was madeyestcrday; and it has never
been enforced; and if it is ever to be enforced,
now is the time.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, we have the
privilege of discussing matters here of great pub-
lic importance; and I propose, if there is another
exhibition of feeling in the galleries, either of as-
sent or dissent, that those galleries be cleared;
and once being cleared, the doors be locked, and
that we be permitted to discuss matters here with-
out interruption. I tiust that the Senate will act
upon this suggestion, and that the galleries will
be informed of it. These constant interruptions
are a monstrous outrage upon the dignity of this
body, and I will add, decency.
I was saying, sir, that cotton was king; and I
sav that that monarch 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ap-
peals to aU Senators and all persons within the
Chamber to intermit conversation entirely during
this <!  boto. .
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will give way, I
will move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Several Senators. Why ?
Mr. GWIN. That will clear the gallery.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think there is
rather too much feeling exhibited about a harm-
less though improper demonstration.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust the Senator from
California will not interrupt me with executive
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Texas yield to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi ?
Mr. DAYIS. 1 was merely going to s'ay that
I hope the Senator will be permitted to proceed.
I think we are attaching rather too much import-
ance to the momentary expression of feeling in
the galleries. I take it for granted that those who
were warned yesterday did not repeat the offense
to-day. It is a new set. We shall get them all
instructed, after a while, that their privilege as
auditors can only be enjoyed on the condition of
decorous silence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas will proceed.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then, sir, for the third or
fourth time—and I trust that I may be permitted
to go on—I say that cotton is king, and that he
waves his scepter not only over these thirty-three
States, but over the Island of Great Britain and
over continental Europe, and that there is no
crowned head upon that island, or upon the con-
tinent, that does not bend the knee in fealty and
acknowledge allegiance to that monarch. There
arc five million people in Great Britain who live
upon cotton. You may make a short crop of grain,
and it will never affect them; but you may cram
their granaries to bursting, you may cram them
until the corn actually is lifting the shingles from
the roofs of their barns, and exhaust the supply
of cotton for one week and all England is starv-
ing; and we know what men do when suffering
from famine. They do not burstopen barns and
divide the corn. In their frenzy, they burn and
destroy. We shall never again make less than
five million bales. 1 know that Senators on the
other nide suppose that when "tins glorious
Union" is disrupted, it will be in blood, and that
our negroes wilt rise in insurrection. We under-
stand it well enough to make the experiment, and
I say to Senators upon that side that next year
they will see the negroes working as quietly and
as contentedly as if their masters were not leav-
ing that country for a foreign land, as they did a
few years ago when they were called upon to visit
the Republic of Mexico. We understand that
question. Five million bales of cotton, each bale
worth fifty dollars at least—fifty-four dollars was
the average price of cotton last year—give us an
export of $250,000,000 per annum, counting not
rice, or tobacco, or any other article of produce.
Two hundred and fifty million exparts will'bring
into our own borders—not through Boston and
New York and Philadelphia, but through our own
ports—$250,030,0Q0of imports; and forty percent,
upon that puts into our Treasury $100,000,000.
Twenty per cent, gives us §50,000,000. What
tariff we shall adopt, as a war tariff, I expect to
discuss in afewmonths,andin another Chamber.
You suppose that numbers constitute the
strength of governments in this day. I tell you
that it is not blood; it is the military chest; it is
the almighty dollar. When you have lost your
market; when your operatives are turned out;
when your capitalists are broken, will you go to
direct taxation ? When you cease to have ex-
ports, will you have imports ? Burn down a fac-
tory that yields ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five
thousand dollars a year to us owner, and he goes
to the wall. Dismiss the operatives, stop the
motion of his machinery, and he isas thoroughly
broken as if his factory wore burnt; for the time
he is bankrupt. These are matters for yonr con-
sideration. I know that you do not regard us as
in earnest. I would save this Union if I could;
but it is my deliberate impression that it cannot
now be done. I have been studying the char-
acter of the people that you represent for years
past. The family of Dives was the most prolific
family thatevcr breathed or lived upon this earth.
Those five brothers would not believe cither
Moses or the prophets; and if one rose from the
dead, we are told that they would not believe him.
They wore prolific, and their descendants have set-
tled m the country in which you live. [Laughter.]
Thatis yourbusincss, however; notmine. Now,
the question is, can the Union be saved?
I desire the Union to be saved. I have always
been a Union man; I am now a Union man—not
from any silly notion that it is of divine origin5
not from any absurd idea that blood was ever
shed for it; not because I suppose it is an in-
heritance from our fathers, for it is neither one
nor the other. This Union is a compact be-
tween States, and may, with the same propriety,
be regarded as an inheritance as you would re-
gard a treaty between Great Britain and France,
or either of those countries and this. It is a treaty
between States by which they agreed, for their
common defense and general welfare, and to se-
cure domestic peac&and tranquillity, to organize
a Government, and vest in it certain powers.
They made a wise distribution of power. They
vested in the Federal Government such powers as
were necessary to obtain those objects which were
set forth in the preamble to the Constitution.
They reserved to their State governments such
powers as were necessary to protect the liberty
and well-being and happiness of the citizen at
home.
This is the Union; and when the distinguished
Senator from New York said that there was an
irrepressible conflict, I simply came to the con-
clusion—and I sajr itwithall (lefcrence to his dis-
tinguished reputation and high position—that he
did not know what he was talking about. Why,
sir, States that are monarchical in their form of
government, States that are republican, States
that arc democratic, States that are aristocratic,
States that are slaveholding, States that are non-
slaveholding, States that are agricultural, States
that are commercial, States that are manufactur-
ing, can all live under precisely such a constitu-
tion as the old thirteen States ratified and made
binding between them; and there is no irrepres-
sible conflict about it. The very diversity of in-
terest in these different States is the reason for
forming the Constitution. If wc had been a homo-
geneous people, if our industrial pursuits and. in-
terests had been identical, there would have been
no necessity for a Union, 110 necessity for consoli-
dating the Union; but there would have been a
necessity for destroying the old Articles of the
Confederation, obliterating State lines,abolishing
State governments, destroying the Union, and be-
coming a single consolidated people. Why? Be-
cause, under those circumstances, the interests,
the prejudices, and the passions of all sections
being the same, the ballot-box would have given
ample security to domestic peace and tranquillity
and prosperity. Laws passed by the Legislature
fresh from the people, operating equally in all sec-
tions, and the interests of all sections being the
same, would necessarily have been wise and bene-
ficial, or those representatives would have been
turned out at the next election, and the laws have
been repealed. But it is not so here. Your irre-
pressible conflict idea is predicated upon the sup-
position that this is a consolidated Government;
that there arc no States; that there is a national
Government, as they call it; that the people who
live between the two oceans and between the Gulf
and the lakes arc one people; that the boundaries
of Massachusetts have, by some hocus pocus,
been extending themselves until they embrace all
the remainder of the Union; and that we are one
people, have a national Government, and arc under
the control of " the Massachusetts school of poli-
tics, "as the Senator from New York said he was.
This is the fatal error. If you could have seen
it in time, much of this difficulty would have been
avoided. We see and wc know and wc feel that
you arc administering this Government upon the
idea that there is but one single State or nation,
and that you, under these impressions, believe
that you are responsible for the domestic institu-
tions of all the other States.
I was glad to hear the other day the conserv-
ative, sensible, statesmanlike tone m which the
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixont] spoke.
When I heard him, his voice and his sentiment
carried me buck to the better days of the Repub-
lic, when those truly great men, Oliver Ellsworth
and Roger Sherman, and that other great man
from New Jersey, William Paterson, and Charles
Pinckney and John Rulledge of South Carolina,
cooperated with each other to form the present
beautiful, well-balanced Federal Republic out of
the ruins of the old rickety concern ofthc Conted-
cration; when the common sense of Ellsworth and
Shermau and Paterson and Rutledge and Pinck-
