u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
noy controlled the genius of Hamilton and Mad-
ison and Randolph; and to South Carolina and
to Connecticut do wo owe thanks for the present
from of government which is now about to be de-
stroyed. They werethemcnthatdidit. They were
the men who saw that it was utterly impossible to
live under a consolidated national Government,
and established, instead thereof, a Federal repub-
lican Government; gave to the General Govern-
ment such powers as were necessary to protect
them against foreign aggression, and reserved to
the States all those powers which were necessary
for legislation for their own people.
I said before that I was a Union man, and I
say now that 1 am a Union man. I say that there
is not and cannot be under this present form of
government any irrepressible conflict; that those
States which are slaveholding have a right to be
so, those that are non-slaveholding have a right
to be so; and if it were not for the single word
.in the guarantee clause of the Constitution which
secures to each State " a.republican form of Gov-
ernment, " there would be no reason under heaven
why some of the States might not be aristocratic
and others monarchical, if they saw fit. They
would have free trade with each other. When
one of them was interfered with or imposed upon,
that State would at once call into tiie field the
Army of thirty-three States; that State would at
once call from our ports and put afloat the Navy
of thirty-three States; that State would have the
Treasury of thirty-three States, and in negotiat-
ing with foreign countries she would have the
wisdom and the genius of thirty-three Stales to
conduct her foreign relations and her foreign
diplomacy.
This is the great advantage of the Union; but
if you suppose that we are to be amused with the
clap-trap of 4th of July froth and the idea that
there is anything of sacredness in a compart be-
tween nations, or that nations inherit rights, I
simply say that those among whom 1 live have
passed that point. So devoted a friend of the
Union am 1, thai when fas I know it must be, be-
cause 1 see no disposition to save or to prevent il)
the eight cotton States have withdrawn from this
Union, as they will in the next two months do,
and meet in convention to adopt a Federal form
of government for themselves, and to establish a
foreign department, I for one shall advocate the
adoption, without crossing a t or dotting an t, of
this same old glorious Constitution that was rat-
ified by literold thirteen States; and when Virginia
and Tennessee and Maryland and Kentucky and
the other border States see what we have done,
and know that the States who propose confeder-
ation to them will keep their treaty compacts, I
liave no doubt that one after the other of them
will come into our Union, and many days or
months will not pass before this beautiful fabric
will again be the scene of our discussions, in
which we will consider not only those matters
which appertain to us m our domestic affairs, but
our foreign relations with you, and it may be, if
war can be avoided, which you desire not to avoid,
for you are wiser than that, we may here form it
treaty with you.
You know full well that if this Union is dis-
solved, and these southern States go off, and your
commerce is cut up, and your merchant princes
arc bankrupt and go to protest, and your manu-
factories are stopped, and your operatives are
turned out, and your ships, deprived of the navi-
gating laws, are laid up to rot, and your sailors
turned loose to starve—you know that when these
things occur, your heads will not be safe upon
your shoulders. But if, in the mean time, you
can bring the power of the Federal Government
to coercion, and before the Treasury is drained
of its last dollar, y on can make soldiers out of your
operatives and your sailors, you expect then,
amid the heat ot the contest, the confusion of
ideas, as well as everything else, that you can
conceal the facts, arul denounce us for the calam-
ities that are on this people; and you expect not to
lead, hut to send them to battle. 1 understand your
game as well as you do. There may, in this general
arrangement, be conservative Stales of theNorth
included. Pennsylvania may see that her iron
and coal are about to be dug in the mountains of
Tennessee and Virginia and North Carolina; Ohio
and Indiana and Illinois may see that the grain,
and the meat, and the hemp, and the horses, and
the mules, which tliey now furnish to us, may be
bought in Kentucky and in Missouri and in Ten-
nessee; and tliey may leave you. in the cold and
come to us; and when they do, they will under-
stand the blessings of this Union from having
lived out of it a few months, and they will be
prepared to carry out ir/good faith the compact
which they entered into with us.
Now, those who talk aboutadissolutionof the
Union as being one of those things that will show
thatmanisincapable of self-government, or about
our being split up into petty factions, and States
seceding, and stars flying from their orbits, have
not considered this thing as statesmen. This
Government was once nearly wrecked on that
idea. When the agrarian, higher-law doctrine
of Massachusetts rebelled against the authorities
of that State in 178G, and Shay's rebellion broke
out, and the people of that State who paid no
taxes said that they had fought for seven years
to keep property from being confiscated, and now
that peace was established they had a right to an
equal division; when they took up arms, and that
agrarian and higher-law feeling was spreading
throughout the New England States, Hamilton
and Madison and Randolph and other conserva-
tive men mistook the feeling that was local, as
you say slavery is, and supposed that the re-
mainder of the colonies felt as those people did;
and hence they were for a firm, strong, national
Government to keep the people free by the force
of arms. That was their unphilosophical idea;
but, as 1 said before, Ellsworth, Sherman, and
Pinckney,and Rutledge,and Paterson controlled
them, and established' this beautiful Federal form
that we have been struggling to preserve.
Then, whatever may come out of this, it is
clear to my mind that, instead of this being a
demonstration that the people are incapable of
self-government, it will be a demonstration that
the people are capable of self-government, and
that these States, which came into the Union one
after another, and ratified the C institution and
made it binding between themselves and the other
States that ratified it, will, one after the other,
revoke the ratification, and iiist \est each in its
own State government all the poweis that she
now exercises through this Federal depaitment of
her Government; and, after a sufficient number
have withdrawn, they will adopt again this Con-
stitution, and State .after State will come in; and
if it were not for memories of the past, and' for
patriotic sentiments which I have heard from some
persons who live in New England, I would regard
it as the greatest blessing that had ever befallen
the human family, that they eould be left to live
upon granite and ice. [ do not know whether it
would have any effect upon them; but it is said
that hunger will tame a wolf. I do not know
whether it \yould have any effect on them; but
this I do know, that then they would have to con-
tent themselves with managing their own affairs;
and if they permitted their people further to inter-
fere with us, the sword would settle the contest,
and the next treaty which was signed would be
in ['\ineuil Hall, in the town of Boston, and in
the State of Massachusetts—there m that place
which has been called the cradle of liberty, and
has proved to be the grave of the Constitution.
We understand our own business, we understand
our own affairs, we understand our relations to
thesc'other States, and we intend to provide while
we have time for our own security; but that man
slanders us who says that we are disumonists;
that man slanders us who says that we are dis-
satisfied with the form of government under which
we live; that man slanders us who says that we
are now, or have at any other time been, impelled
to the course of action which we are taking by
any feeling except the most serious apprehension
that our safety demands it.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] yes-
terday, when we asked for bread, offered us a
stone. When we asked for a fish, he gave us a
serpent. When we asked for additional guaran-
tees, he got up here to explain to us that we had
nothing to complain of; that nineteen twentieths
of the negroes who run away from any of the
border States are returned; ami that we, down on
the Gulf, are. making a hullabaloo about a matter
that does not concern us; and that even in the
border States they have nothing to complain of.
That was his statement. He denies that the peo-
ple of the South are dissatisfied as to his souatter
sovereignty doctrine. He will not say wliether
he would amend the Constitution or not. He
wants us to act by bill. He wishes us to indulge
here in the child's play of introducing bills upon
this question, spending weeks and months in
discussion, while these States, one after another,
are walking out of the Union, and establishing
their relations with each other, and with foreign
Powers, t say, that so far as the State I repre-
sent is concerned, this is the principle upon which
we went into the last canvass—the second reso-
lution of the Democratic platform, adopted at
Charleston and at Baltimore:
<•' That it is the duty of tlie Federal Government, in all
its dcpaitments, to protect, when necessary, ttie lights ot"
persons ami property in thu Terutones, and" wherever else
its constitutional authority extends."
Now, I am not going to discuss the right or the
wrong of this resolution. It is enough for me to
know that the people of the State in which I live,
ratified that principle by a vote of forty-seven
thousand in the last canvass to fifteen thousand
against it; and if that majority is not enough to
take the State out of the Union, then 1 should
like to know what majority is. The question was
canvassed; the right of the State to secede was
discussed; the whole matter of resistance was
argued; and the distinct issue was theie made that
the elect ion ofa Black Republican President would
be an overt act—an indication on the part of the
northern people that they intended to administer
this Government, not according to the Constitu-
tion, but according to the fanatical notions which
are embodied in their platforms of 185G and 18G0.
Upon this doctrine we went to the polls, and we
were indorsed by forty-seven thousand men who
are capable of bcanng aims.
It has been attempted to be explained, that all
this is very unreasonable. Suppose it is. You
have got to deal with our folly; and 1 say to you
that you have got to yield to our foolish determ-
ination of having that principle recognized in the
Constitution of the United States, or that State
certainly goes out of this Union. What, sir, are
we to live with a bail upon us' Aie we to be
tabbooed; arc we to bate the mark of Cain upon
our brow without the protection which it gave to
him' Are we to be told that we ar-1 not your
equals; that the pioperty which we hold is not
property; and that \vheiov>r this Government,
wh'eh we organized, h is jui isdieiion, it shall not
only not protect our property, but will confiscate
it; and should we be freemen if we submitted?
Then another proposition which I would make,
if you were seriously disposed to consider it,
would be, that you should cease to discuss the
question, and be content that you are in a better
situation than we are. Thank God that you
are not like us, poor publicans; but do not be
thrusting your blessings all the time in our faces.
Restrain your own citizens, and beep, them from
making raids. In the State in which I live, and
to which I owe my allegiance, and of which 1 am
a citizen, during the last summer there were four
towns that I know of, county sites, burned smooth
to the ground. There were fouitcen other places,
as I have seen advertised in the newspapers, and
have every reason to believe—fourteen other set-
tlements or towns, not county sites—that were
burned down. Strychnine was brought and given
to our negroes, for the purpose of poisoning their
masters. An association called "The Mystic
Rod " was entered into by members of the Meth-
odist Church North and the John-Brown men;
and their purpose was to carry out the irrepressi-
ble conflict, to burn ourtowns, burn up the stores
of our merchants, burn up the mills, to bring fiee-
soil northern capital m, and thus get possession of
Texas, and make it a free State, in order, as they
said, to belt us round with free States, to starve
us out or cause us, (as has been said by one whose
language I seldom quote,) like poisoned lats, to
die in our holes.
I returned home, sir, after the fatigues of the
last session; I went there for peace and for quiet
and consultation with my neighbors; ant! from
the day I reached my home until 1 left—be-
tween six weeks and two months—there was a
guard ot twenty-four men every night 111 a small
village of between two and three thousand inhab-
itants. I myself had to shoulder my gun, and
stand guaid. This night, I expect there are
twenty-four men there on guard. And yet we
are at peace with all the world. This lswhat you
call Union and fraternal affection. ^V'liy. sir, it
