n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
purpose, and having fully deliberatetl touching the premises,
do therefore resolve."
There you see, Senators, that the people of
South Carolina, as far hack as 1775, (for this Con-
gress assembled on Wednesday, the 1st day of
.November, 1775,) declared their independence and
established a Government for themselves; notfor
wrongs that they alone were suffering, hut because
liberty was trampled upon in the United Colonies.
They are acting in the same spirit now. They
feel sensitively tlic wrongs, the injuries, which
are done to their brethren in the border States.
They adopted an oath of allegiance at that time:
"I, A B, do Bwcar that I will, to the utmost of my
power, support, maintain, and defend tlie constitution of
South Carolina, as established by Congress on the 25th
day of'Marcli, 1776."
There they simply swore that they would sup-
poit that constitution. 1 go a step further. The
difficulties increased, and they ascertained that
there was no hope or prospect of a reconciliation
their difficulties with the mother country; and
then tliey adopted "an ordinance for establishing
an oath of abjuration and allegiance:"
" I, A B, do acknowledge the State of South Caiolijn
is, and of light ought to he, a free, independent, and sover-
eign State, and that the people thereof owe no allegiance
oi obedience to Ocoige ill. King of Gieat Hntnui; and I
do renounce, refuse, and abjure, any allegiance or obedi-
ence to him ; and I do swear (oi affirm, as the ease may
be) thai I will, to the utmost of nty power, support, main-
tain, and defend the said State aeamst the said KingGecige
JUf. and ins hen's and succcsso!s,and his ot then-abettors,
assistants^ and udhcients. And I do further r-weai tU.it X
will bear taith and true allegiance to the paid State, and t<">
the utmost of my power will support, maintain, and defend
the freedom and independence thereof."
That was done at Charleston on the 13th day
of February, 1777. Oilier oaths were afterwards
prescribed of the name sort; and here is a pro-
vision, that those who will not subscribe to that
onth shall, at the expense of the State, bo sent from
it; and that upon their returning "they shall be
adjudged guilty of treason against the Slate, and
shall, upon conviction thereof, suffer death as a
traitor. The present constitution of South Caio-
iina, for obeynt" which her citizens are to be
hanged, contains this oath, which has been taken
by every uflicerin that State:
" I do solemnly sweai (or aJlinn) that { will he faithful
and true allegiance bear to the Stale of South Caiolina,>o
long as I may continue .i citizen theieof; and that 1 am
duly qualified, according to the constitution of this State,
t<> e\erei-><: the office to which I have been appointed ; and
that I will, to the be.-t ol my abilities,dischatge the duties
thereof,and preserve, protect, and defend the constitution
oi tin* State and ot the United States, so help me God."
Mark the words: " I solemnly swear that I will
be faithful and true allegiance bear to the State
of South Carolina, so long as I may continue a
citizen thereof." Now, Senators, you are deal-
ing with a sovereign State. You talk about hang-
ing men who obey their oaths. I tell you that
in 1775, twelve months before the Declaration of
Independence was made, that people, feeling not
the aggressions of the British Government upon
them, for they were a favored colony; but in the
language of the immortal Henry, " snuffing the
tainted breeze afar olf," saw that the colonial
lights of the people of Massachusetts had been
trampled under foot, and they saw that fleets and
armies were sent to the country; they saw that
taxes had been levied without representation and
disbursed without then- consent, and they determ-
ined to become n free people. In 1776, three
months before the battle of Fort Moultrie, they
adopted a State constitution; thev organized an
army; they elected a president; they had all the
paraphernalia of government. The battle of Fort
Moultrie, on the 28th day of June, was fought
under State colors, and by officers who held their
commissions signed, "John Rutledge, President
of the Republic of South Carolina."
That battle was fought before the Declaration
of Independence. In 1781 they confederated with
these other States: and m the Articles of Confed-
eration they declared, m the second article, that
they " retained their sovereignty, freedom, and
independence." From that time to this they have
preset ved all the paraphernalia of sovereignty and
nationality. They have had their legislative
department; they have had their executive de-
partment; they have had their judicial depart-
ment. They have passed such laws as they saw
fit for the government of their own citizens. They
have dealt at will with the lives, with the liberty,
and with the property of their own citizens. Then-
own Citizens have sworn faith and allegiance to
that State, and obedience to the Constitution of
the United States; but the oath is allegiance and
fealty to the State of South Carolina. ISFow, you
tell those men that, if they obey their oath, if
they violate not their allegiance, if they become
not traitors to the country that has nourished and
nursed them, then they arc to be shot down like
dogs or hanged like felons. This is the manner
in which their remonstrances are met. This is
the language of Senators who talk about "our
glorious Union," and our being a race of free-
men. This is the language used to free Ameri-
cans ! This is in a land of liberty! This is
among a people who boast that'they have the
right of self-government! Well, you will have
an opportunity of making the experiment.
But a word more. Those people do not believe
that they are citizens of the United States. I do
not believe that they are citizens of the United
States. I do not believe that I owe. allegiance to
the United States. I believe that I owe allegiance
to my State; and to that State that allegiance shall
be recognized, and the obligation fulfilled to the
letter of the law.
Wc have seen that South Carolina became a
State, and from that time to this she has remained
a State; she has cxerciscd all the powers of na-
tionality, but there is one fact that I have not yet
mentioned. In 1778, the great Power of France
entered' into a treaty with South Carolina by
name, and with Virginia, and recognized their
nationality. That was in 1778. In 1783, Great
Britain acknowledged the nationality of South
Carolina, m the treaty of peace between that
Power and these revolted colonies, then free,
sovereign, and independent States. In 1781, as
I have already said, in the Articles of Confedera-
tion, they declared, in explicit words, that they
retained each their sovereignty, independence,
and freedom.
The Constitution of the United States came to
be ratified. Did that change theirrelations? Who
werethe parties to it? States. Whom was it bind-
ing between? States. Who made it? States.
Who latified it? States. South Carolina is one
of them. Did there then become a nation ? Did
there cease then to be thirteen States ? And did
they become one State? If so, you will find it
in the Constitution. The term " citizen of the
United States" is used. I will refer briefly to the
places where it is used. The first is as to Rep-
resentatives m the other branch of the Federal
Legislature:
"No person shall be a "Representative who shall not
have attained to the age of twenty-five years, and been
seven >eaia a c.tizcn of the United fSmtes."
Now, Senators, there is no man that I have
ever seen, however black the cockade lie may
have worn, or blue-light his Federalism—I have
not yet seen the man who denies that these States
were free, sovereign, and independent under the
Articles of Confederation. They so declared, and
no one that I have seen pretends that they formed
a single political community or were a nation at
that time. They all say that when they ratified
this Constitution, and established a Government
proper, they bccame a nation. That is your
theory. If that is true, a " citizen of the United
States " means a citizcn of the United States as a
single political community. Then it follows that
for seven years after this Constitution was rati-
fied by nine States, you could have had no House
of Representatives, because the men elected, m
order to be qualified, must have been citizens of
the United States for seven years.
There was greater difficulty in this body. No
one could be a Senator who had not, for nine
years, been a citizen of the United States. If,
then, the ratification of this Constitution made us
one people, made us citizens of the United States
and not citizens of the several States, and if, when
the term " citizen of the United States" is used,
it means the citizen of a single political commu-
nity or State, a nation, then this body could not
have been organized for nine years after the Con-
stitution had been ratified and became binding
between the parties to the .compact. Will any-
one deny that? I say, then, that in the Constitu-
tion the term citizen of the United States meant
citizen of some particular State. 1 go further.
Mr. YUL15E. Will my friend give way for a
moment? I would suggest, if agreeable to him,
that we have an adjournment.
Mi. WIGFALL. I shall be soon through.
Several Senators. Close in the morning.
Mr. WIGFALL. At the suggestion of my
friends, I give way.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 12, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by-the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to present, at this time,
the memorial of William Rabe, the secretary of
the Pacific railroad convention,and to move that
it be referred to the select committee on the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad.
There being no objection, the memorial was
received, and the motion of reference agreed to.
THE UNION.'
The SPEAKER. The fust business in order
this morning is the call of the States and Terri-
tories, under the following resolution, which was
adopted yesterday It will be seen that such
bills and resolutions as arc received will go, as a
matter of course, to the selcct committee of ihnty-
thrce.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
11 Resolved, That, immediately alte  the reading of the
Journal tomoirow inormns, the State? and Tciiitoiiea
shall be called for buN and ie>olutioi^; the bills and iso-
lations piesented under sji'd call to be icfencd, without
debate, to the select committee o( thirty-three on the Pres-
ident's mcs.-age; and no motion to iceonsider the oider of
k Icienee (if any of sueii bills and levolutions shall heiealter
be in older."
The following propositions were then received,
and referred under the rule:
By Mr. THAYER:
Resolved, That wo, the Kepiecentativch of the people of
the United .States, legaid itas the duty of even patnot,in
the pic-ent cnsi', to toilet patfies and tactions, and to
devote lum-ell iioiio.-tly arid un-ne.-tl) to the eau.ie ol hts
COUIltlT.
Resolved, That the s'uisf reasons which, in the begin-
ning ufoui hiMoiy a> an independent nation, impelled the-,e
Stales, to fii'Midly and laithlul coepinauon lot Uie common
wehaie, aie in lull loiee now, and should stimulate cveiy
section to the (air and faitlnul dischatge of the obligations
to ovciy other section and to the whole Union, without
evasion and without reservation.
Resolved, That it, while living under the shadows of mon-
uments which we have elected to commemorate the heioic
daya of our fathers, ue piove ourselves unable to transmit
to our children the institutions created by the gcuuus and
patriotism of the loundcis of this Republic, we shall de-
ceive to be mnembucd and denounced as a nation ol gieat
monuments and hufe men.
Resolved, That any citizens of this Republic who arc
willing to baiter the public welfare lor their own aggrand-
izement, and to seeuie a loeal populauiy bv cxeitmg jeal-
ousy alld animosity between the States of this IJmon, aio
wholly unworthy of thehonoi oi the confidence of any poi-
tion ot the Amcucan people.
Revolted, That as the present slate of unfriendly feeling
existing between the difierent sections ot this Confederacy
has arisen fiom the government by Congiess and the Ex-
ecutive of our provincial dependencies, and liom their
u.-urpation on the light-? of Amencan citizens, we aie op-
posed to the creation or the acquisition ot any more such
dependencies, as being adverse to the interests ol a repub-
lican Government, and desuuctiveoi' the rights of our own
citizens.
Resolved, That the rights of an American ciuzen aie
above the Congiess and the President, and aie not derived
from either, and should be paered everywhere on Ameri-
can soil; and that as all '-Governments derive their just
poweis Irom the consent of the governed,"' teriitonal gov-
ernment* should not be compelled to "derive tb.'u put
powers " fiom the consent of Congress oi tin- will of* the
Piesideni.
Resolved, That the public lands outside of the State Inn-
its should he open to sale and •settlement in districts suitable
in size and fotin to make States; and that whenever any
such district may contain a population equal to the ratio of
representation, and shall have a constitution republican in
form, it should be entitled to admission into the Oonlod-
eracy.
Resolved, A> "taxation and representation are insepa-
rable," that the taxes of the people in the land distuets for
the support of the Geneial Government should be remitted
to them, and that they should support their own govern-
ments and delray all then expenses.
Resolved, Tn.it no more temtory should ever be acquired
to b<: owned bv the United States, or to be governed by
Congress; and "that the expansion of limits should be pos-
sible only bv the annextion by tieaty oi sovereign States.
, Resolved, That there should be no congressional legisla-
tion whatever upon the subject of shivery.
Revolted, That every congressional disuiet m the States
