1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
answer that it is'not. intended to apply to any per-
son m particular. IUs simply to protect the Gov-
ernment from the expense of publishing what
may be mere compilations of charts. The officcr
whom you send out to make surveys may come
home without having sufficient surveys or data to
warrant the publication of his charts, without
using1 surveys made by other men. We do not
want the Government to be put to the expense of
publishing such charts. I take it for granted that
Commander Ringgold's surveys are complete in
every respect. This amendment, therefore, is not
intended to apply to him, or to anybody else in
particular. But the fact that he should object to
this proposition might create a suspicion that he
apprehended a difficulty in getting a competent
board to pass his charts. In justice to Ctommander
Ringgolu, and to all the omceis that have been
engaged in making surveys, I would not ask to
have this provision struck out, bccause that would
look as though they were afraid to submit their
work to the inspection of a competent board.
I want this amendment to apply to all existing
surveys, whether they have or have not been be-
gun. I want every officcr who goes on such an
expedition hereafter to do so with the understand-
ing that, when he gets back, his work is to be sub-
mitted to a proper board, to decide whether it will
be published; and if so, then the Secretary of the
Navy can authorize the publication to be made.
This is necessary for the credit of the Govern-
ment,and to protect the Governmentagainst hav-
ing to publish compilations; so that it may not be
hereafter that a chart published by this Govern-
ment shall be compared with French or English
charts, to show how it is compiled from them. I
hope the Senate amendment will be adopted just
as it stands; because I believe it to be proper and
fair towards all our naval officers.
Mr. QJJARLES. I desire to say, in answei
to the gentleman from Maine, who has addressed
the committee iu opposition to this amendment,
that this thing has never been done before. Why
is it now that, after publishing the charts of other
gentlemen who have been sontout on expeditions,
Commander Ringgold alone is required to submit
his charts and surveys to a hoard ? He was sent
out by the Government m charge of this expedi-
tion, and we know that his charts and data are
onginal. Why is it insinuated that chai is may
be foisted on the Govei nment? Is thei e any I lung
in Commander Ringgold's character calculated to
raise that suspicion ? If not, I ask thegentleman
from Maine why should this slur be cost on a
gallant officcr of the Navy? Why should lie be
called upon,after having been selected to command
this expedition, to submit his work to a board,
iest he should foist other men's charts and sur-
veys on the Government? Why should Us ap-
plication fall tii st on Commandei Ringgold alone ?
Mr. NIXON. On what ground does the gen-
tleman from Tennessee think that it is intended
to apply to Commander Ringgold ?
. Mr. Q.UARLES. Because the only appropri-
ation of any importance in the lull for the publi-
cation of charts is that for Commander Ringgold's
expedition. Why was it that the vigilance of the
gentleman from Maine slept during the last ses-
sion of Congress, when there weie appropnai <ons
ma(h; for publications of tins character? Why
has it awakened now, when Commander Ring-
gold's survey comes up for publication ? Has that
office 1 ever been renins in his duties, or is theie
anything in Ins character that calls for the i ebuke
from the Committee on Naval Affairs or from the
House'
Mr. NIXON. There are other eases, besides
that of Commander Ringgold, provided for in
this bill.
Mr. QAJARLES. There is hut one other.
That is for the completion of the charts of the
survey of the La Plata. Commander Ringgold's
comes next. Why is H that there never was any
attempt made before to guaid the Government
against imposition iirthe matter of th-vse charts:
and why is this attempt made now, to reflect on
the character of Commander Ringgold' Com-
mander Ringgold u as sent out to the Pacific under
the order of this Government. He there made
important surveys, and brought them home. lie
now asks for only $7,000 to publish these valua-
ble charts, whileyou have given toothers $15,00!),
$20,000, and $2o,U00. He docs not desire that
his work should mure to the benefit of others, i
after the exposure of his health on this expedi-
tion. He wishes to have his work published m
his own name. He was actually struck down
with disease for two or three years,contracted in
this expedition, and has not yet recovered. I ask
gentlemen to make the provision prospective, if
they choose, but not to point it at this gallant and
meritorious officer.
Mr. NIXON. I think it is a great misfortune
that a system of this kind was not established
years and years ago. It would have saved us a
great many useless charts published at the ex-
pense of the Government. This is not a time to
attach its application to Commander Ringgold,
for there are at least two other items m this bill
to which it has reference. It seems tome that it
is time for Congress to adopt a provision of this
kind, Lo apply to all pending cases, and to all
future cases, in order to defend the Government
against impositions of this sort. I believe that if
this thing had been done years ago, thousands
and thousands of dollars would have been saved
to the Government in the publication of useless
charts, and dangerous to the commerce of the
country. I trust that this amendment will be con-
curred in. It will be serviceable to the commeice
of the country, and it will save the Committee on
Naval Affairs from a great many applications of
this kind.
Mr. MORSE. One word in reply to my friend
from Tennessee, who appeals to mo to know
whether this is not unjust to $ gallant officer. I
say, in reply to my friend, that 1 never thought of
that officer. 1 do not believe that those who got up
this amendment had that officer in view. There
are, in this appropriation bill, three or four ap-
propriations for the publication of charts. How
has this process been carried on heietofore ' A
surveying expedition was sent out by the Gov-
ernment. When it teturued, its ofliceis came to
Congress, am! asked an iippropuauon to publish
the charts and results. We apptopriate fifteen
or twenty thousand dollais, without knowing
anything about it. No one has recommended
it. We appropriate the money, and the officer
goes on and publishes his charts. Now, sir, i
have not that entire faith in any class of ofliceis,
such as would justify me in placing m ihem the
entire control of what they should publish. 1
prefer that there should lie some check placed
upon them. 1 want alt the usultsof their sui-
\eys to be laid befoic a prop* r board of ofliceis;
and on their examination, if they find sufficient
data to authorize the publication of these charts,
let them report to the Secretary of the Navy, and
he will order the publication. Now, sir, I think
that Commander Ringgold would not object to
his work being subjected to that test. It is the
gentlemen who have pioposed these amendments
who bring in Commander Ringgold in connection
with this matter, and not the Committee on Naval
Affairs. We admit that he is an officcr of very
gieat gallanti y; we admit his seamanship; we ad-
mit his gentlemanly bearing; wo have no desire
to strike at Iin reputation in any respect; but wo
desire that something shall be done.
If gentlemen object to the amendment because
it applies to works now m progress, when, I ask,
will the gentlemen allow it to be made ? When
aie we to commence with this ivfoim5
Mr. QJTARLKS. I will tell the gentleman
when, lie should have commenced at the last
session of Congiess.
Mr MORSE. It may be true that I failrd !
to do my duty m Ute last session of Congress, i
but that should not be urged as an objection !
when I lutemnt to do it now. When these men j
come hei" time after time, and make application !
aftei application, over and over again, to haw \
their charts published, it oecuned to me that it !
was time that theie should bo some lestriction, '
some check placed upon the publication of this
description of mattei. Gentlemen know what an
oufeiy has bei n made against the book-making
in which this Go\emment has been engaged; and
1 desue to ask ih< m whether there may not, under
tins irresponsible system—if it is to be continued !
—be abuses m the matter of chai t-makmg as wdl -
as of hook-nvkma:: I say. therefore,that, m my ,
judgment, it is necessary and proper, if we would I
have sate and prudent legislation, that there should j
be some proper authority to det. amine whether the i
results oi the surveys made are such as to authorize !
the publication; whether they are of sufficient con- j
sequence to this Government and the commercial
world to authorize the expense necessary for the
publication of these results in the shape of charts.
Now, sir, I do hope that our friends who are
opposing this amendment of the Senate will not
apply it especially to Commander Ringgold. I
think, by that course, they arc doing great injus-
tice to that gallant officer; for they must see that
the necessary result of such a course on their part
will be the inference of a want of confidence on
the part of his friends m the merit of his work.
They betray a fear, which I do not entertain,
that his surveys may be rejected; bccause, if they
have the merit, which I have every confidence in
believing they have, he would willingly come for-
ward and submit to the board that may be ap-
pointed the icsults oflns surveys, fearlessly.
But, Mr. Chairman, I soy that it is time some
general law should be passed,such as is now pro-
posed. There will never any time come when
the same objections will not be urged against its
passage that are now urged, until we shall have no
more charts to publish. When we shall have
got through; when we shall have no Navy to
supply; when we shall send out no more ships
to survey, then, and not till then, can we apply
this restriction without rendering ourselves liable
to the same objection which is liowuijjed against
this amendment.
Now, I do not care who the provision hits. It
hits Commander Ringgold no more than it does
Commodore Page, no moie than it does Captain
Brooke, no more than it does Captain Rogers;
for they all have appropriations in this bill for the
publication of their charts.
Mr. Q.UAULES. I ask the gentleman if he
does not know that Captain Rogers has already
authority to publish his charts?
Mr. MORSE. Why, sir, theie is an appiopri-
ation in this bill for the publication of Captain
j Rogers's charts; and this provision will apply
] as well to him as to Commander Ringgold; and
j it applies to just as full an extent to Captain
| Brooke and Captain Page. 1 think the amend-
I mentof the Senate is right; and I hope the amend-
! ment will be voted down.
j Mr. HUGHES. I entirely approve of the
amendmeiitproposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. quarles:] and 1 hope the House
will adopt it. I have not the slightest objection to
the (stdbhshment of this boaid of naval officcis,
to which shall be refeired the results of all the
surveys that .shall be made heieafter; but I think
its application to those who have already finished
i their explorations, to those who have finished
their work, and are ready for the results of these
explorations to be published, is unjust. I submit
to the committee that, to require the charts pre-
pared by these officers and now ready for publi-
cation, to go to a board of their brother officers,
would be doing great injustice to them. These
officers, so far as I know and believe, have dis-
charged their duty with ability and with fidelity;
and there can be no possible necessity of requir-
ing th"se charts to undergo the supervision of any
board of officers. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs seems to suspect that there
is something wrong. He seems to suppose they
have no merit.
Mi. MORSE. Oh , no; I have not suspected
them. I so stated.
| Mr. HUGHES. If there is no such suspicion,
: what objection is there to the adoption of the
; amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee ?
, Air. MORSE. The opposition whuh gxntle-
| men make to applying the provision to the pres-
• ent, seems to involve <x want of confidence on their
j parr.
| Mr. IIUGHES. Well, sir, I think it would
I be much better to apply the provision to the future.
1 I have no objection whatever to the establishment
j of this boaid for the supervision of the results of
| all future surveys.
• Now, sir, 1 have very little more to say. Since
! the name of Commander Ringgold has been men-
r tioned,J. desire to say one word in reference to
| him. Sir, 1 am personally acquainted with many
; officers of the Navy, and especially with the S'U-
i entitle men of rhe Navy; and 1 would not be wiil-
| ing to submit his operations and results to ;my
■ three men m the Navy who cou'd be .selected —
| not because I believe they are any of them supe-
j nor to him in judgment or ability—but I thmk it
I would be eminently unjust to him, when his work
