1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Torritoiy, who may be the owners of slaves, shall be per-
muted lo hold tlieii slave ptoperty while passing through
or temporarily rootling within the jurisdiction of States
who-e constitutions do not recognise Hie institution of
slavety. 5. A provision that any cStato whos-c Logidatuic
haf> enacted, oi may hereafter enact, laws dcicntuiyorim
painnfi the nglH of lin'master ro have his escaped fj.ivo
delivered up to him. according to the provision^ of the
tugitive flave Jaw of W3U, shall not be entuU'd to iepie-
seutatlon in either [iuu&e of Consros^ until the reppai ot
such nullifying statutes. 6. Such fuithcr provisions as
will secure to the sSaveholdmg States, through their repre-
sentation in Congress,an ab&olute negative upon all action
ot Congies* relating to the subject of slavery. 7. A pro-
vision lor the appointment, by State authority, ot all Fed-
eral othcers exercising their functions within the limits
of the States. 8. A pjovusion that ail the above amend-
ments, together with the existing piovision* lor slave rep-
resentation upon the tlnee-fifths bd^is, fcliall forevei be nic-
peajablo and miamend.ible.
By Mr. LAURABEE:
Whereas conflicting conductions of vauous clauses in
the Federal Constitution have fiom time to tune prevailed,
some of the States claiming and others denjing certain
powets of Government to Congress; and whereas it is our
duty, in times of grave civil disorder, to resoit to the rem-
edies piovided within the Constitution ; and whereas it is
of the last importance that, in the-event of a final disagree-
ment between the several members oi the Confederacy,
some amicable mode of determining their luturo relations
be ascertained: Thcrcfoie,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That, in pursuance of article five of
the Constitution, it is recommended to the several States
that they shall, through their respective Legislatures, te-
quest Congiess to call a convention of the States lor pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution, to the end that the
people of the several States may thus be enabled to confer
together m themannei provided 111 the establis-hmentot the
Government, and adopt such measures as, m their wisdom,
may be pioper to piomote the common welfare ot the
States.
The SPEAKER. The order, under the reso-
lution of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Branch,] having now been executed, the
next business m order will be to call the commit-
tees for reports; and the first thing ill order in
that class of business is a bill pending at the last
session, reported from the Committee on Public
Lands.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Speaker, if it be not out
of order, before that bill is taken up, I ask leave
to say that 1 have received notice this morning
from the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs to meet that committee on Friday next.
As I do not expect to remain long a member of
Congress, I feel it due that I should resign the
place I hold 011 that committee, so that the gentle-
man who may be appointed to succeed me may
enter upon the duties of the committee at once.
In doing so, sir, 1 ask leave only to say that I
do not adopt this course through any dissatisfac-
tion with my colleagues upon that committee;
and that I shall ever cherish, however wide apart
we may be, a lively recollection of the urbanity
and courtesy which have uniformly characterized
their deportment 111 the discharge of the arduous
duties which we havejiad to perform. I ask to be
excused from further service 011 the committee.
The question was taken; and Mr. Bonham was
excused.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed air.
Hughes to fill the vacancy occasioned in the Corn^
mittee on Military Affairs.
COXSOT,[DATED LAND OFFICES.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of a bill, reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, making further provision 111 relation to
consolidated land offices.
The bill was read.
The question being on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make a
brief statement in explanation of the objects of
this bill, and I presume that when I have made
it, there will be 110 objection to tho passage of the
bill. It has been recommended by the Secretary
of the Interior and by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. The object of the bill is
this: in all the land offices of the United States
where the public lands have been reduced by sale
to less than one hundred thousand acres, it is made
the duty of the Secretary of th# Interior to close
them, and to remove the records to some other
office. Tliatprocesshasgone on in the western land
States until all the offices i>i many of the western
land States, especially so in my State, m Illinois,
and perhaps in Missouri, have been consolidated
into one land office, to which the records 01 all
the other offices have been removed. This im-
poses on the register and receiver at the consoli-
dated land office immense additional labor, for
which thcie is no compensation provided. This
labor consists of the examination of records, the
delivery of patents, the making copies of papers
and records, and a thousand other things that
make it necessary for these officers to employ ad-
ditional clerks. Their present salary is only $500
each; and that is totally inadequate to compen-
sate these officers at the consolidated land offices.
This bill authorizes them to employ clerks, and
provides that the clerk hire shall be paid by the
persons making application for service; so that the
Government does not pay any of it. It provides
further, that the compensation of legistcr and re-
ceiver at the consolidated offices shall not exceed,
under this bill, $3,000 per annum each. If the
fees exceed that.amount, the surplus is to be paid
into the Treasury. I do not suppose, however,
that they will exceed that sum. That provision
applies to the present officers. But for the pur-
pose of compensating the officers who have gone
out of office, there is a provision 111 the last sec-
tion of the bill making it discretional y with the
Secretary of the Interior to allow them a reason-
able compensation for their services, to be paid
out of tho contingent fund of these offices.
It is unnecessary for me to take up the time of
the House in further explanation,ot" the objects
of this bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question, which I desire to have an-
swered for the information of the House. The
question is: whether there is any provision in this
bill providing for compensation of registers and
receivers now in office fortheirpast services since
the offices were consolidated ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I think not. The
only provision on that subject is that which makes
it tlie duty of the Secretary of the Interior to allow
reasonable compensation toregisteisand receivers
who have already gone out of oflice. If the gen-
tleman from Missouri desires to propose an amend-
ment o| that kind, 1 have no objection that it
should remade; for I think myself that it is right
and pioper that such compensation should be
allowed. If the gentleman wish to propose such
an amendment, 1 will yield for that purpose. That
view of the question did not occur to the commit-
tee when they agreed to report the bill. The
original bill was draughted by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and was acted 011 by
the committee by adding the provision in the last
section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the bill again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It would
seem to me, from the reading of this bill, that it
proposes not only tho creation of a new office,
but the raising of the salaries of other officers. I
am opposed to the whole of it, from the begin-
ning to the end. 1 think that a salary of $500 to
> the receivers and registers at these consolidated
land offices, is quite enough for the work they
perform, and that no clerk hire is necessary.
Theie are plenty of men who would be willing to
discharge all these duties for that salary; and the
great trouble will be in discriminating between
applicants desiring these offices. I think this
whole legislation entirely unnecessary. I think
that all the duties of these offices can be performed
by men who will be glad to get the offices at the
present salary. We have officers enough, and
the salaries are high enough. Hence, I am op-
posed to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I. desire to say a
word in reply to the gentleman from Illinois. In
the first place, he is mistaken about this bill cre-
ating new offices.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Jt permits
the employment of clerks for these land offices.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It only authorizes
the register and recorder to employ additional
clerks; and it provides for the payment of fees
by persons requiring service to be rendered. The
gentleman from Illinois thinks that this is unne-
cessary,and that those officersget sufficient salary
already. In that ho differs with the Secretary ot
the Interior and with the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who ought at least to know
the burdens thrown on these officers.
I will give my. own State as an illustration oi
the additional labor imposed on these officers*
We had in Indiana ten land offices. AU of them,
cxcept one, have been discontinued; and the
records of those nine offices have been deposited
in the one consolidated office at- the seat of gov-
ernment. This renders an immense amount of
labor nccessary in recording and^ making tran-
scripts of documents, and it is impossible to have
the work done at the compensation now allowed.
I am as much opposed as any gentleman here to
creating new offices or raising salaries; but I
think that " the laborer is worthy of his hire."
I think that in all cases where justice and equity
and good conscience require additional compen-
sation to be allowed to public officers of the coun-
try, this House ought to and will allow it.
Mr. CLAItK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Indiana allow me to say a word.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before the bill
was reported to the House, it was submitted to
the Secretary of tho Interior and to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. They exam-
ined it, and wrote to the Committee on Public
.Lands that the provisions of the bill not only met
with their approbation, hut that they considered
it absolutely necessary for the proper discharge
of tho public business. In the State of Missouri,
there are six land offices consolidated into one.
The area covered by this consolidated land officc
includes nearly half the entire State, and it is im-
possible for any one man to conductall the busi-
ness of that office as consolidated. There are
books, records, and documents in his possession,
relating to the titles to nearly half the lands in the
State; and there are daily and almost hourly ap-
plications involving an amount of labor and re-
search which no one man can perform. I know,
from personal observation, the amount of busi-
ness to he transacted at this office is very large.
From the frequent applications for additional as-
sistance at this and other consolidated land offices,
the Commissioner of the General Land Officc sent
out one of his clerks to make examination into
the facts, who, from his personal observation,
adds his testimony to that already received, of the
necessity there is for further provision to be made
to transact the business of these offices.
But this bill does not, in my judgment, go as
far as justice to these officers requires; and it that
course meets the approbation of the gentleman
from Indiana, I will move that it be recommitted
to the Committee 011 X^ublic Lands, to give thcusn
an opportunity of perfecting its provisions. I
think that these officers of tho consolidated land
offices, who have within the last year been com-
pelled to employ assistance in the discharge of
their duties, ought to be reimbursed for the ex-
penses they have actually incurred. I understand
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
lias prepared an amendment which covers the
additional provision which I have suggested. If
such be the fact, I hope he will be permitted to
offer it.
I say, in response to the other gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] that you cannot ob-
tain the services of competent men to discharge
the duties now devolved upon the registers and
receivers of these consolidated land offices for
the salary now allowed by law. I have in my
possession a letter from the register of the con-
solidated land office at Boonville, Missouri, in
which he states that it is impossible for thd regis-
ter and receiver of that laud office to discharge
the duties of the office, and that, unless additional
assistance be furnished them, they cannot con-
tinue to hold their offices; and you cannot obtain
competent men to fill the offices under the present
provisions of law.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Having made some .
investigation into the facts involved in the matter
under consideration, I am satisfied that the bill,
in the main, is right; but I think its provisions
ought to be extended, so as to embrace the cases
of expenses actually incurred bythese officersfor
clerical services and for room-rent, in all cases
whore a number of land offices have been consol-
idated into one.
I will say that, in Illinois, under our land laws,
all the land offices in the State have been consol-
idated into one, which is located at the seat of
government, imposing upon the register and re-
ceiver of that office such an amount of additional
labor and research, that they have been compelled
