80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
to incur the expense of additional clerical services
and additional room-runtat their own cost. I have
here a statement of" the accounts of the register
and receiver at Springfield, in which they state
that they have incurred necessarily considerable
expenses to enable them to discharge the duties
of the offices to which they have been appointed.
These accounts have been presented to the proper
officers of the Interior Department, who acknowl-
edged the justice and equity of the claims, but
failed to pay them, because of the want of power
under any existing law. The Secretary of the
Interior, however, as has been stated by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, recommended that an ap-
propriation be made to provide for payment in
such cases.
I now' propose an amendment to come in in
the third section of the bill, which I will ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 3. *And be it farther enacted, That the provisions of
tills act bo, and they arc hcieby, extended to all other con-
solidated land offices.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move to amend that
section by adding as follows:
Provided, That this act shall be constiurd to extend to
mid provide fur expenses heietoioie inclined byanyiejj-
i&ter or receiver o! Mich consolidated land office for addi-
tional eleneat aid and office or loom-ient: And jnovuled
further, That the amount of such expenses or indemnity
ishali be appioved by the Secretaiy of the Interior.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask, in connec-
tion with the remarks of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, that a letter from the register of the office at
Boonvillc, Missouri,in reference to the necessary
expenditures of this office, may be read.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
Boonviixk, Missouri, Octobcr 17, 18G0.
Sir: In compliance withyoui encularof JGth of August
last, 1 lidcuuii uansmit a statement of the amount of
money paid by me lot eiom-al *ervicc« as contemplated by
ihe law of Ibth Auyu t. 18.30; aho, vouchers tor the amount
so paid.
The J 1th of April, 1859, to which time the account goes
back, wa< tin- commencement of my official temi. The
IMattaburg and Milan offices weie closed the Hist of the
Maieh pu*viou«, and reached heie about the JOtli of April,
fiom winch turn: there \va> a demand for oxtiaordmary clei-
lcal scmcc.s in behalf of the letter, not contemplated by
ihe law of lbl8.
The files of those offices weie received in whole or m
pari, in the ruo<t inexplicable confusion. Tho Platt-bun?
preemption pioof and declaratory statements; numbeiing
some eighteen thousand, were tlnown together without ic-
gmd to month or oven year. None of the Intoi-files m any
of the office;-, except Palmyia, were pat np in order ofdate ;
and the Milan f lc.s weie not oven briefed and dated. The
Fayette, Milan, and I'iattsburg patent-files were m *uch a
condition that I waa under the necessity of rcmimbcimg
and refiling the whole of them. In the IMatfebuig office, lor
instance, about one half of the wairant patents undet act
I&jO had been ineoiporated with those undei act of 185.1.
The Milan cash applications were all thrown into a box,
without regard to date or number; so with pieemption
papers. The Fayette office records were unposted for over
a year. In addition to the labor of attending to and prop-
erly arranging all these patents and papers*, the unprece-
dented number of mihlaue* and conflicts of the riatwbuig
office were pieupitated upon me. Kccciving from join
office as high as rwenty-tlnee letters some day*, and miiih-
letters having nearlyone huinhed conflicts each, m which
I had to compare and report upon ; and, added to tin:-, was
an unpiccedcnted individual c oriet.poiidence. The gieat
rusii lor lands in Mi-soui i, two yeais pievions, and the un-
easiness manifested by holders of I'lattsbnig certificates to
know the condition of their land-!, or obtain their patents,
has imposed on me a labor 1 am suic yon will haidly ap-
preciate. And in addition to all of tin*, the extent of this
district, the number of patents here must neeessatily bring
a large number of persons daily to the office, often consum-
ing the whole of office houis proper, and leaving the cor-
respondence to he attended to at night. My compensation
for this period of time will vary but little fiom $1,000. i)e
duet from this the amount paid clerk?, ami I have left
$23l> for my services, not to mention the e.\pens-e for fuel
and board.
Very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
II. L. BROWN, Register.
Commissioner General Land Office, Washington city.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. As I intend to call
. for the previous question on the adoption of the
amendment, I will say, before doing so, that I
have in my possession letters from the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, in favor of the passage of this
bill. I now call for the previous question.
The call for the previous q uestion was seconded,
and the mam question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered tp be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ALOKICII. Is it too late to oficr an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to rccon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
* er m<
SALT SPRINGS IN OREGON.
Mr. THAYER. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill
No. 82, to amend the fourth section of the act for
the admission of Oregon into the Union, so as to
extend the time for selecting salt springs and con-
tiguous lands in Oregon, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso. It extends the
time for the selection of salt springs and contig-
uous lands, according to the provisions of the
fourth section of the act entitled " An act for the
admission of Oregon," approved February 14,
1859, to any time within three years from the
passage of thhfact.
Mr. THAYER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Thecal! for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to bo
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ia upo
j
DAKOTA.
Mr. TIIAYER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported hack House bill No. 611, to con-
stitute the Dakota land district, and to provide
for the admission to the House ofllepresentatives
of a Delegate therefrom, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass; and demanded the picvious
question on its engrossment and third reading.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman cannot seriously expect this Hotujp to
act upon a bill of the importance of the one he
has just reported, under the operation of the pre-
vious question. It ou^ht to go, at least, to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. THAYER. The bill provides for the sur-
vey of the public lands in Dakota, or in so much
of the former Territory of Minnesota as was not
admitted as part of the State. The people of
Dakota June their government already formed,
and the bill only provides for the admission of a
Delegate from that government to sit here, as do
the Delegates from other Territories, and at the
same rate of compensation. Those, sir, arc the
main provisions of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We of this side of
the House, who are suddenly called upon to vote
on this important proposition, cannot near a word
of the gentleman's explanation. 1 hope he will
speak louder, or come nearer to us.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the bill is a
very plain one. It contemplates the survey and
sale of the public lands in Dakota. It does not
propose to organize any government for the peo-
ple of Dakota, for they have already organized
one for themselves. It provides for the admis-
sion of a Delegate from that government to a seat
in this House of Representatives. The provis-
ions for the survey and sale of the public lands
are the same as have been adopted by Congress
in former like cases. There is nothing new in
those provisions. The bill onlygivcs the people
a chance to purchase and secure as homesteads,
the tracts of land which they now occupy.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, whether this is not the same bill that
was reported at the last session?
Mr. THAlt ER. It is the same bill; and it was
not only reported but it was discussed at the last
session. I now renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GROW. I hope the demand for the pre-
vious question will not be sustained.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that on a
measure of the magnitude of the one before us,
the previous question ought not to be sustained.
If the bill is to be pressed through in this hasty
mannei', I must demand the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question.
The call for the previous question was not-
seconded.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, this bill proposes
the creation of a new officer, to be called the sur-
veyor general of Dakota. We are to have that
new office, with ail the additional expenses attend-
ant upon it, when we now have a surveyor gen-
eral for that district; for it cannot be unknown
that Dakota is embraced within the district of
the surveyor general of Minnesota and Iowa.
Nothing, therefore, is gained by tjiis bill so far
as the survey and sale of the public lands are
concerned.
And it not only creates one new office for which
there is now no earthly necessity. It provides
that a man may come here §nd sit as a member
of Congress—a Delegate from a land district, so
that in reality it creates two new offices, the in-
cumbents of which are to draw pay from the
Government without doing anything for the peo-
ple of the Territory. Even if this bill become the
law, the organization existing in Dakota, what-
ever it is, will have no more legal validity than
would that of a vigilance committee, in the nature
of which it really is. The passage of this bill
does not legalize the government of Dakota. It
gives no sanction to it. Every lawyer of this
House knows well enough that no court of jus-
tice would recognize any rights accruing or arising
under a voluntary association of the people, like
that which at this day is in force in Dakota. They
can only be recognized as valid when sanctioned
by the authority of the Congress of the United
States, it is, then, mere bagatelle to undertake to
pass this bill. It furnishes nothing to the people.
It gives them no relief. It gives them nothing,
sir, that they have not now. They have a sur-
veyor general. They can have their lands sur-
veyed under the law as it now stands. The hill
will accomplish nothing new in that respect, and
it gives no validity to the form of government
which now exists there. If Congress wishes the
Territory organized, let it be done in the usual
and proper way. Let the law be so drawn that
Congress authorizes the people of Dakota to act
as a political community under the laws of the
United States. When that is done, rights will
accrue which will be recognized by our courts of
justice.
So far, Mr. Speaker, as I understand the pow-
ers of this Government and its duties to the peo-
ple of the Territories, the matter can be summed
up in a few words: that these Territories, until
some action of Congress is taken in relation to
them, are not open to settlement; that under the
non-intercourse act, they cannot be settled, ex-
cept in violation of the laws of the country. No
settler can go in and occupy a Territory until such
time as Congress, by some authority, permits
some sort of a government to take the place of its
own jurisdiction; for until open to settlement it is
under the jurisdiction of Congress, placed there
by the authority of the Constitution. Congress
must be the primary law-making power of these
Territories. Suppose you acquire territory from
a foreign Government, and they cede to you all
jurisdiction over it: then, of course, Congress is
invested with power over that territoiy until some
legislation delegates the power to the people to
organize a government there under their own au-
thority. Until they do that, there is no govern-
ment in legal existence in the Territories of the
Union. When Congress does that, you have a
government deriving its authority from the law-
making power of the Government. In the first
instance, it must derive its authority from Con-
gress; for, is there such an anomaly that any foot
of territory of thi^Government is without a law-
making power? In a State the law-making power
over the territory within its limits, is the Legis-
lature of the State. No State has jurisdiction
over a foot of soil outside of the State. There-
fore, no law-making power exists in the States
for territory beyond their limits. Then,isitpos-
