1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
hills. Wc can have a vote in the House upon the
adoption, of this amendment, if gentlemen desire.
Mr. BRANCH. But the gentleman from Ohio
will understand that there will be a great deal of
debate upon these propositions, confined stxuctly
to the merits of the propositions themselves. The
debate must be a long one, and I hope we shall
not be detained here to-night.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist upon my motion.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 38, noes 81.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
negative, which makes a quorum.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it will be more
agreeable to gentlemen upon the other side of the
House to take a recess now, and meet this even-
ing for business.
Mr. RUFFIN. Is it proposed that a vote be
. taken to-night ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the gentle-
man from North Carolina that, if the bill can be
reported to the House to-night, I will riot ask for
a vote until to-morrow.
Mr. GARNETT. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. So far as I am concerned, it is a matter
of indifference whether I speak to-night or at any
other time; but I think the gentleman from Ohio
will see, if he reflects, that his suggestion that de-
bate upon the political condition of the country
should be had upon the other bills, does not meet
the necessities of the case. In our view, here is
a direct proposition to raise a naval force to carry
on war upon one portion of the Union. ['"Oh,
no!" "Oh,no!"J That zs the view we take of
it; and therefoie, there can be no bill upon which
it is so obligatory upon us, or so proper for us, to
debate the question, as upon the proposition be-
fore us. 1 propose to address the House upon tin;
subject, and several other gentlemen have the
same intention; and J presume that the gentleman
will find that lie cannot get the bill through io-
night
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to gentlemen
that the idea that this is a coercion measure seems
to me very far-fetched. These sloops cannot pos-
sibly be built in eighteen months. The trees are
now growing out of which they must be built,
and our difficulties will all be settled before these
ships can be built.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not believe there is
material enough in all the navy-yards to build
these ships, i shall vote for this amendment; and
you know { would not vote for a war measure
upon any consideration. I consider the amend-
mentas absolutely nccussary for the proper main-
tenance of the Navy. 1 do not participate in the
fears of gentlemen upon tins side of the House.
Mr. GARNETT. Tin-debate upon this amend-
ment must be somewhat lengthy, and that debute
must be had. We do not propose to delay this
bill by any factious measures; we only desire rea-
sonable opportunity to debate it.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers upon the
motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late now to call
tellers, as debate has been allowed since the vote
was taken.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the re-
marks which have been made have any applica-
tion whatsoever, the Federal Government ought
not to have an Army, ought not to liavea Navy,
ought to be stripped of all means of defending its
own existence, and suriender at will to all who
attack it.
Mr. YVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of oider. The gentleman from Virginia
gave way to a morion that the committee rise.
The Chaii decided that the motion was notcai-
ried; when the gentleman from Missouri called
for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
thai after that, debate was allowed b y unanimous
consent, and the gentleman fioni Virginia is now
entitled to t'e iloor.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I a^k tin* gem'emrm from
Virginia to ,ilj' w me to eiake the motion that the
committee rise.
Mi. GARNETT. 1 will, if it does not coiue
out of say time.
Air. PHELPS. I Mibmiuhatmotion; and now
call for tellers.
Mi. SHERMAN. I desire to get this bill off !
my hands a« soon as possible. I will propose, |
therefore, that at three o'clock to-morrow, by
common consent, the House will take up and dis-
pose of this matter, after the military bill has been
debated a reasonable time. I think it better to
arrange these matters by some understanding than
to weary ourselves out by contests.
Mr. BOCOCK. I, too, want to regulate these
matters by agreement, so far as we can; but I do
not know how far we can do that. I think, if we
agree now to enterupon the consideration of this
bill to-morrow at three o'clock, we may thereby
curtail the debate which we desire upon the bilfe
introduced by the gentleman's colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will then go over as
unfinished business.
Mr. BOCOCK. Let it be understood, then,
that if we do not get through the debate upon the
bill of the gentleman from Ohio, the colleague of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, it shall go over. If this proposition car-
ries with it the idea that a vote is to be taken upon
that proposition before three o'clock to-morrow,
we could hardly be expected to consent to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If at three o'clock to-mor-
row the military bill of my colleague is not fin-
ished, it will, as a matter of course, go over until
the next day.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope this bill will pass, and
that very soon. I see very clearly that every
measure, from this time forward, is to be opposed
in this Hall as a force measure and a war meas-
ure. Why, sir, we arc trying to keep the peace;
and for the purpose of keeping the peace, we want
an Army and we want a Navv.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. What is be-
fore the committee?
Mr. HINDMAN. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order.
Mr. CURTIS. It must not be inferred that
everything we do here increasing the Army and
Navy, justus we have done in past years, is done
with a design to wage war. But there is no hon-
orable man here who does not know that war is
threatened; there is no man here who does not
know that we are m danger of being assailed
wherever our flag floats.
Mr. BINGllAM. I call the gentleman to
Mi". WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
this debate.
Mr. W1NSL0VV. There is no objection on
this side of the House. We are delighted to hear
the gentleman ftom iowa
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I hope the
gentleman will be allowed to proceed with his
war speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. I am not going to make a war
speech. 1 am making a peace speech.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
proposition of the chai^nan of the Committee of
Ways and Means is a fair and just one, and
ought to be agreed to by all sides; and 1 hope it
will be agreed to.
Several Members. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will stqte it again. I pro-
pose thut the debate on the military bill, which is
in charge of my colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] and
with which I have nothing to do, shall go on un-
til three o'clock to-morrow, and that then we shall
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union and take up this bill.
Mr. SICKLES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Aflairs said that the whole day
to-morrow should be given to the debate on his
bill, and J hope it will not be mterfeied with.
Mr. SHERMAN. My proposition is, that to-
morrow, at three o'clock, we shall take up this
bill and dispose of it. If that is not agreed to, 1
see no other way but to go on with this bill to-
night.
"Mr. BRANCH. I would say to the Chairman
of the Committeeof Ways and Means, that some
gentlemen upon this side of the House object to
any agreement that the debate upon tilIm bill shall
uc closed to-morrow, i think, however, that if we
commence tla debate <u three o'clock. the debate
will be closed to-morrow. At any rate it will be
at liis uffn option, and 1 think iie will have no dif-
ficulty in disposing of the bill before the close of
to-morrow's session. But if he insists upon such
an agreement, theie arc gentlemen here who will
object to it. If" ko will just give notice that he
will move to go into committee at three o'clock to-
morrow and take up this bill, in my opinion, he
will get through with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give, notice, then, that at
half past four to-morrow, if I can get the floor, I
will move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing the debate, and a majority of the House
can then dispose of the naval bill if they see fit.
Mr. BURNETT. Row let us rise.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will thegentle-
man from Ohio consent to let me have a vote in
the House on the substitute which I offered to one
of the Senate amendments?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no ; I cannot.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the call for tellers
on the motion to rise.
The motion was agreed to.'
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the Chair, Mr. Colfax reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the amendments of the Senate to the
naval appropriation bill, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
KECESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to ask the
House one question, so that we may understand
one another. There is an order that the House
take a recess from four till seven o'clock. The
Chan wishes to understand distinctly whether,
when wc adjourn, we shall adjourn till seven
o'clock this evening or until to-morrow morning?
Mr. SHERMAN. The special order is now
pending?
The SPEAKER. It is pending.
Mr. SICKLES. Then let there be a recess till
this evening, with the understanding that no busi-
ness shall be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes the voice
of the House as to when il will adjourn to.
Mi. SHERMAN. Under the order of the
House, the Speaker is bound, at four o'clock, to
declare a recess till seven o'clock, the special
order being pending.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before we take a recess,
1 desire to offer a resolution merely for reference
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BURNETT. There is no quorum here;
and we can do nothing but take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The hour for the recess has
arrived, and the Chair can take no notice of any-
thing further.
The House then (at four o'clock and thirty-
five minutes, p. m.) took a recess until seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at sev.cn o'clock, p. m.,
(Mr. Moorhuad occupying the chair as Speaker
pro tempore,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the report of the special com-
mittee of thirty-three upon the present condition
of the country.
Mr.PETTlT addressed the House for an hour.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mi. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, the questions to
be solved m the present cxciting crisis are the most
delicate which have ever been submitted to north-
ern statesmen. They feel that their section has done
nothing that ought to provoke the fears or resent-
ment, or excite the apprehensions of the southern
people. They abide by the Constitution; they men-
ace no attack upon, or change of, its provisions;
they meditate no interference with the domestic
policy or institutions of the southern States; yet
they are not blind to the fact that a total misap-
prehension of their opinions and purposes exists
among a laigopart of the southern people, and that
unscrupulous leaders have availed themselves of
this misapprehension to excite rebellious and rev-
olutionary opposition to the Government. Con-
cessions are asked for from two quarters for directly
opposite purposes. Treasonable leaders ask for
concessions, winch they think impo.-sible to be
[ grauti d, in order to strengthen lebeihnn and pre^
; vent the reaction of tevolutionary ideas. Patriotic
j men ask for them m order to quietappreheusions
| which tliey admit to be ill-founded, and thus to
j enable them to make head against treason, and
! maintain and perpetuate the Union. Those from
j whom they are asked, while they feci that no
I moral demand can be made for them, are called
