1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
allow an. alteration oftjie Constitution, by insert-
ing in the amending clause that a particular pro-
vision shall not be amended; except by concur-
rence of all the States. That may be admitted.
But a change of the Federal Constitution which
would allow an interference with the domestic
policy or institutions of a State, would be subver-
sive.of the very genius and structure of our Gov-
ernment, and-Would be such an act of oppression
by the majority as, though tolerated by the letter,
would be so repugnant to the spirit of the Con-
stitution as likely, whenever attempted, to produce
civil commotions menacing the stability of the
Union.
Sir, whenever, without altering its real import,
itisproposedto amend the Constitution by merely
removing obscurity from any of its provisions, or
making plainer its guarantees, if civil troubles
can thus be quieted, or estranged fraternal affec-
tions recalled, or patriotic men, struggling bravely
against odds to support the union of these States,
can be cheered and strengthened and reassured,
it will receive from me no hesitating support.
Nor are we, 1 trust, at all reluctant to recom-
mend the removal from our State statute-books
of all laws, if any such there be, which stand in
the way of a full and faithful compliance with
every constitutional obligation. Much as south-
ern violence has done to inflame our people, they
have learned to discipline their passions, and are
willing to be just. The duty to surrender a fu-
gitive from labor, upon claim of the person to
whom such labor is due, is expressly enjoined by
the Constitution. The State laws which have been
passed in conflict with it, if there be any such,
have been chiefly directed to preventing the un-
lawful removal, under color and by reason of the
summary character of the provisions of the fugi-
tive slavelaw, of persons—not fugitives, but free-
men—to places where they would not be able to
make a successful assertion of their undoubted
right to liberty. The State which I have the honor
in part to represent has never enacted any stat-
ute impinging upon this constitutional require-
ment. The law for the recovery of fugitives from
labor has been faithfully executed within herbor-
ders. It is a law which all just men, without refer-
ence to party orsection, admit contains some very
harsh features, designed, perhaps, to strengthen,
but tending seriously to weaken, its efficiency.
But its particular fault is, that it does not secure
to the alleged fugitive the right to be taken to the
place whence he is asserted to have escaped, to
have his claim to liberty tested by the judicial tri-
bunals. This fault has often elicited expressions
of repugnance to the law, which have been mis-
taken for indisposition to observe the constitu-
tional requirement. I think there are few—Iknow
not that there are any—who do not believe that if
the right which I have mentioned were guarantied,
the claim to liberty would be fairly and impar-
tially adjudicated. It is fit that a southern states-
man should have sought to redress this fault, and
furnish this remedy, by introducing into the com-
mittee an amendment to the law, which, by ren-
dering it more humane, will make its remedial
provisions really more effectual.
The amendments mentioned—the one to the
Constitution, the other to the law relating to fugi-
tives,and the repeal of unconstitutionalstatutes—
ought alone to restore the era of fraternal concord.
The amendment to the Constitution would for-
ever secure your domestic institution from exter-
nal interference, by impregnable defenses; the
statute amendment would provide a remedy pro-
venting freemen from being enslaved under color
of a law to prevent escaped slaves from becoming
freemen.
But southern gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber are still not content. The territorial
question remains unadjusted. The committee of
thirty-three, of which the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] is the head, have, how-
ever, offered to remove that subject of dispute.
They propose that we shall admit into the Union
as a State, with such a constitution as its inhab-
itants may adopt, a Territory whose local statute
law now tolerates African servitude. You say,
however, that New Mexico is not adapted to sla-
very; that slavery, though recognized by law,
does not exist in fact; that, though nominally es-
tablished, it can gain no permanent foothold, and
must necessarily be of brief duration, because the j
labor of slaves cannot be made productive. Let I
us allow all this to be true. We believe it to be
bo. A recent census has surprised us all, indeed,
by showing that there are but twenty-two slaves
in that Territory, ten of whom are temporarily
there with public officers. Your complaint against
the Administration just coming into power has
been, that it meant, by congressional legislation,
to expel slavery from the Territories. We now
propose to remove this complaint, by withdraw-
ing the whole subject, as to the territory we own,
from the control of the Administration, and refer-
ring it to the people immediately to be affected.
We offer, in order to give repose to the country,
to settle the whole territorial controversy, by al-
lowing the condition of all the soil we possess to
be fixed, in relation to its domestic conditions, by
the inhabitants immediately concerned.
What will then remain to renew controversy ?
Your domestic institutions protected from exter-
nal interference by the most explicit safeguards;
laws obstructing the recovery of fugitive servants
repealed; the odious feature of the fugitive act
amended so as to protect the free, without releas-
ing the bond of the enslaved; the territorial ques-
tion settled by the conversion of the territory into
States; all subjects of mutual grievance fully and
justly disposed of. Why, then, may not the coun-
try rest from the unhappy strifes that have so
weakened the bond of brotherhood? Why may
not those cordial relations be resumed, that used
to exist between the sections > We hear much of
guarantees. The guarantee we want is not so
much the guarantee of constitutional and statute
provisions, as of mutual good temper. Here is
the way to it. With it come peacc, contentment,
fraternity.
Ah! sadly enough, when we hedge you round
with all possible securities against external inter-
ference with your domestic relations, you still
wish to run with us the ambitious race for polit-
ical power. While the populous North, with its
increasing millions,more vitally interested in ter-
ritorial expansion, and more addicted to migratory
adventure than yourselves, is willing to forego
that expansion, and put a check upon adventure,
for the sake of peace, you covet further acquisi-
tions. You parcel out, in imagination, the terri-
tory of a neighboring nation, with which we are
at peace; anil, as if to covet were to possess, you
demand, as a condition for further enjoying the
ad vantages of Union, that pro vision shall be made,
in advance, for the recognition and protection of
slavery in all such acquisitions. You are not will-
ing to trust another generation to meet the natural
exigencies of its position; you are not content to
leave to them, when the question shall arise, the
choice in which they will be so much more vitally
interested than yourselves, whether they will ac-
cept the arrangement which can then be made, or
essay to destroy a Government which, in the life-
time of men now living, has eclipsed the splendor
to which Rome attained in its proudest days, and
has been the bountiful source of civil blessings
never before experienced by mankind.
The plan which you propose is presented as a
settlement of controversy. If by a settlement you
mean a mode of giving final repose to the ques-
tion, it seems to me you greatly err. Your pol-
icy, instead of being pacific, is the policy of per-
petual agitation It is the forerunner and pledge
of endless strife. It demands protection for sla-
very in every Ten itory, until it has attained to a
population of an eighth of a million, without ref-
eience to the adaptation of soil, climate, or pro-
ductions, irf the face, if need be, of a hostile pub-
lic sentiment, and in opposition to the industrial
policy of the community. It introduces the Fed-
eral Government as a foreign authority, in dero-
gation of the genius of our system, to enforce
what, in the States, is universally a matter of
municipal and domestic regulation; and it will be
prolific of that strife which always attends the
enforcement of a domestic pulicy not springing
from the local sentiment. It will be difficult to
make the inhabitants of a populous Territory un-
derstand why they are powerless to control their
domestic arrangements, when States, with less
population, are doing so for themselves. Sir, our
people are habituated to the exercise of local self-
government, and of forming their own systems of
industrial policy, and until you can, by legisla-
tion, make them something else than Americans,
they will, whenever they are organized into strong-
communities, assert this habit, peaceably if they
can, and if not peaceably, then as they may.
And thus your policy, so pacific in profession,
i^hen put into practical application, instead of
bringing peace, will bring a sword.
Do you hope by this-poiicy to exclude theNorth
from participation in the common territory, and
thus, by making new slaveholding States, to re-
gain the changed scepter of political power? The
northern masses are, indeed, averse to settling
where slaves meet them m the fields of industry
and share in their pursuits; but the experience in
a recent Territory has taught tbein a lesson of
confidence in the power of tiee and diversified in-
dustry to press its peaceful way, in the very face
of hostile political influence and armed resistance,
to assured success; and that experience, however
sad the occasion of it, can never be recalled or lost.
When, therefore, new Territories are opened, if
slavery shall be even recognized and protected
northern and southern men will alike rush in, with
the industrial ideas to which they have been bred,
and the dominant sentiment will claim to assert
the mastery.
The road to peaee assuredly lies elsewhere. The
fruits which you desire are more likely to be at-
tained by keeping the well-poised temper which
used to be your wont, and skillfully wielding, in
the nick of time, that balance of power winch
makes minorities, well cemented, achieve advant-
ages so much beyond any theoretical estimate of
their strength. With the tact and skill to which
your statesmen attain by long retention m pub-
lic life, you would be quite as likely, when the
critical moment for practical legislation arrived,
to win the object winch you desire, as by that
protective policy to which you have recently be-
come wedded, that will necessarily provoke, when
brought to practical experiment, a rude collision
of numbers and animal forces, excite unhappy
strifes, and be injurious to all concerned.
You sometimes say, protection to slavery or
dissolution. But, if dissolution, what then? Re-
member that the repugnance to the extension of
slavery is the strongest check to northern migra-
tory adventure. When that check shall be re-
moved, when that adventure shall be stimulated
by the idea of pieventing the spread of human
servitude, when it shall be welcomed on account
of a coincidence of domestic policy, rather than
repelled by the people among whom its adven-
turous emigrants shall settle, then will that cor-
don of freedom be indeed stretched around you
of which you have so often expressed apprehen-
sion; and the hostile spirit excited by emulation
in endeavoring to plant rival institutions render
your domestic institutions utterly insecure. But
not only this. You imagine you get security for
slavery by establishing a separate confederacy.
Never way there a greater mistake You arenow
a great landed aristocracy; the slave is, as it were,
your feudal vassal. So long as you can suppress
commerce and manufactures, you can maintain
your sway. A separate confederacy will give
these at least afoothold. Wherever they go, they
are the missionaries of freedom. When did that
strife begin that has practically crushed the power
of the landed aristocracy of Great Britain? When
the navigation acts were passed; that (by prohib-
iting the carrying trade in foreign-built vessels)
laid the foundation of manufactui mg enterprise in
that nation. The struggle went on—"the irre-
pressible conflict"—against vassalage, against
landed aristocracy, until the former ceased; and
the triumphant passage of the act abolishing the
corn laws was the grand announcement that the
rule of the latter had passed away. Had the pol-
icy of Great Britain allowed Holland to retain her
manufactunngsupremacy, the power of the landed
aristocracy would not have bowed its proud head
to the "busy pretentiousness" of the manufac-
turing and commercial classes. Take heed from
this, and learn how important it is for the security
of your institutions to keep the North as the seat
of commercial and manufacturing enterprise.
It appears, sir, from what I have remarked,
that I regard the basis of settlement proposed by
the committee of thirty-three as the best which
has yet been offered. I cannot perceive why it
ought not to put an end to civil troubles, and re-
store fraternal relations between the States.
I do not under-estimate, I trust, Mr. Speaker,
j the inestimable value of the Union. To preserve
j it, I believe that everything, if necessary, ought
I to be sacrificed by patriotic men of all parties
