82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year enaing 30th Jane, 1861; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
KAILKOAD GRANT TO KANSAS.
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill (H.
R. No. 700) granting alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in the Territory or future State of Kansas.
1 desire to say in reference to the bill, that it
proposes to grant alternate sections of the public
lands upon the line of various railroads in the
Territory of Kansas. It embraces one main lead-
ing line up the Kaw Valley to the mountains—
the western limit of the present Territory 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
that it would be better for the gentleman to reserve
his remarks till the discussion of the bill in Com-
mittee of tiie Whole on the state of the Union,
where it will of cours® go, 1 suppose.
Mr. VANDEVER. I did not intend any dis-
cussion at all. 1 merely wish to explain the pro-
visions of the bill. Tlrere are some peculiarities
about the bill. It is different from any that has
ever been presented before.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
to give Way for an amendment which I am direct-
ed by the Committee on Public Lands to offer.
Mr. VANDEVER. I hope the gentleman will
pause until 1 can make my remarks.
Several Members. Let the bill be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move that the
House do now eidjourn.
Mr. VANDEVER. I have not yielded the
floor. I desired to have the bill road.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that this hill
is a report from the Committee on Public Lands.
Was that committee regularly called'1
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; and the gentleman
from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man from Iowa give way for a motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will come up the
first thing in the morning.
Mr. VANDEVER. I will yiold the floor for
a motion to adjourn, if that is the pleasure of the
llduse.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I hope the
gentleman will go on with his explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. On, no. Let us
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Iowa yield to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. VANDEVER. Yes, sir; for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I move that
the House do now adjourn,
UNION P K A V I? It - M E K TIN <3 US 10 OF THE HALL.
The SPEAKER. Will the House allow the
Chair to make a suggestion ? A very respectable
body of gentlemen, clergymen of all denomina-
tions, called upon mo in my room this morning,
and have solicited the use of this Hall to-morrow
evening to hold a union prayer-meeting, atwhich,
I believe, Dr. Spring, of New York, is expected
to preside. I hope the House will consent that
they may have the use of the Hail.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Oh, no; we cannot do
that.
Mr. COX. I will move that the consent of the
House be given, if such a motion is necessary.
Mr. SINGLETON. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, sought the floor.
Mr. GURLEY. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, Am I entitled to
the floor?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is a motion
to adjourn pending.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
the only question in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Before the question
is put on adjournmeht, I desire to present an
amendment to the bill reported by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Vandever,] that it may be
printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
amendment will be ordered to be printed.
No objection was made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Now, I hope there
will be no objection to my offering a resolution.
Mr. RUFFIN and others objected.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know if anything
is in order pending a motion to adjourn?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Just a word 
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to under-
stand from the House one thing about which he
is not informed. An application has been made
to me in a respectful manner, and to which I have
no personal objection. The subject is now before
the House. 1 do not feel at liberty to grant the
use of the Hall without the consent of the House;
but I suppose the consent of the House will de-
pend upon the majority. If I am under a misap-
prehension, I shall be happy to be corrected; but
1 suppose it depends on that.
Mr. COX. If a motion is necessary, I will
move that the use of the Hall be granted.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order;
and that is, whether anything is in order while a
motion is pending that the House do now adjourn?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want'to say to
the enemies of this resolution that 
Mr. RUFFIN. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, continued his re-
marks.
Mr. RUFFIN. I call the gentleman to order;
and 1 call upon the Speaker to enforce the rules
of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have said all that
I desire to say. 1 shall ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer this resolution every
day until it is received and acted upon. I am
determined that gentlemen shall vote upon it.
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 cail upon the Speaker to
enforce the rules of the House; and if the Speaker
cannot do it, he ou^ht to resign lus place.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE; I think it about
time that the motion to adjourn should be put.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon (at half past two o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 13, 18G0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guri.f.y.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXT30UTIVEPCOMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Treasurer of the United States,
communicating copies of his accounts for the
third and fourth quarters of 1859 and the first and
second quarters of 0.
Mr. B1GLER. It has been usual, I believe,to
publish this document. However, I will merely
move that it lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. BRAGG, it was
Ordaed. That the hill (If. It. No. 976) tbi the relief of
Mis. Hannah McDowell, lepoited advetselyfiom the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 10th of May "last, be u com-
mittal to the Committee on FonMon«>.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. BROWN. I present the memorial of the
president and directors of the Columbia Institu-
1 tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind, praying for an appropriation for
the purpose of providing suitable buildings and
grounds. Not being willing to take any active
part in the legislation of Congress, I will simply
say that, at the request of the memorialists, I in-
troduce the memorial, and ask to have it referred ;
to the Committee on the District of Columbia, j
It was so referred. I
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. j
A message from the House of Reprcsentath'^s, ;
by Mr. Forxey, its Clerk, announced that the 1
House had passed a bill (No. 841) makmgfurther j
provision in relation to consolidated land offices; I
i in which the concurrence of the Senate was re- I
quested. '
The message further announced that the House 1
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 8i2) to j
amend the fourth section of the act for the admis-1
ii sion of Oregon into the pinion, so as to extend ;
the time for selecting salt springs and contiguous
lands in Oregon.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments:
Letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting a statement showing the distance from the
post office of each Senator and Representative in
Congress to the city of Washington—ordered on
the 11th instant, at twelve o'clock and ten minutes.
Letter from the Treasurer of the United States,
communicating copies of his accounts—ordered
on the 13th instant, at twelve o'clock and ten
minutes.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 520) to
furnish arms and accouterments to a volunteer
company in Lexington, Kentucky; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
AMENDMENT OF TIIE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing joint resolution, and ask that it be read:
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Joint resolution (S. No. 48} proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
Whereas the fifth article ot the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States provides for amendments thereto in the manner
following, viz: " Congiess, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall dcein it neccssaiy, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution, or, on the application of the Legi&ia-
tuies of two thuds of the sevetal States, shall call a con-
vention for piopoMng amendments, which, in either case,
shall bo valid to all intents and puiposes, as pait of this
Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of tlnee
fouttlts ot' the sevcuU States, or by conventions m three
fouiths theteof, as the one oi the other mode of latification
ma) be piopo>cdby the Congress : Provided, That no amend-
ment which may be made prior to the year 1808 shall in any
matuiet afieet the ffrsttind fouitii clause* in the ninth sec-
tion ot the Jirst article ; and that no State, without its con-
sent, shall bo deprived of its equal sutfrago in the Senate
Theioloie,
lie it resolved by ike Senate and House of Representatives
0 f the United States of Amcnca xn Congress assembled, (two
thuds ot both Houses concnnmg,) That the following
amendments to the Constitution of the United States be
proposed to the legislatures of the seveial States, which,
when ratified bv the Legislatures ot thiee fourths of the
States, shall be valid to all intents and puiposes as part of
the Constitution :
That heteafter, the Piesident and Vice President of the
T'mtv'd States thall be chosen by the people of the respective
States!, in the manner following: Each State shall be
divided, by the Legislature thereof, into disliiets, equal m
numbei to the whole nnmbei of Senator and Representa-
tives to which such State may be entitled in the Congress
of the United States; the said districts to be composed of
contiguous teriitory, and to contain, as nearly as may be,
an equal number of persons entitled to be represented under
the Constitution, and to be laid off, for the fiist time, im-
mediately after the ratilieation of tins amendment, ami after-
wauh, .it the session of the Legislature next "nsmng the
apportionment of representatives bv the Congicssof the
United States, that, on the first Thursday in August, m
the year 1834, and on the same day every fourth yearthete-
after, the citizcns of each State who possess the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the tnon numerous branch of
the State Legislatmes, shall meet within their respective
di^utcts, and vote for a President and Vice Piesident of the
United States; and the per-on receiving the greatestnum-
bcr ol votes loi President, and the one receiving the great-
est numbei of votes for Vice President, in each district,
shall be hold^n to have received one vote ; which iactshali
be immediately ceiltfied by the Governor of the State, to
each of the Senators in Congress trom such State, and to
the President oi the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives. The Congress of the United States
shall be m session on the second Monday in October, m
the yeai 18(34, and on the same day on every fourth year
thcrealtei ; and the Piesident of the Senate, in the presence
of the Senate and House of Representatives, shall open all
the ceitifieates. and the votes shall then be counted. The
person having the gieatest number of votes for President,
shall be President, if such number be equal to a majority
01 the whole number of votes given ; but tf no peisonhave
such majority, then a second election shall he held on the
first Thursday in the month of December then next ensu-
ing. between the persons having tne two highest numbers
lor the office ot President; which second election shall be
conducted, the result certified, and the votes counted, in
the same manner as in the fir^t: and the person having the
greatest number of votes for President, «lmll be President.
But, if two oi more prisons shall iiave received the great-
est, and an equal number of votes, at the second election,
then the por&on who shall have received the gieatept num-
ber of votes in the greatest number of States, shall be Pres-
ident. The poison having the greatestnumber of votes for
Vice Pre.-ident, at the first election, shall be Vice Pioi-
dent, if such number be equal to a majouty of the who'e
number of votes given ; and if no person have such mnjoi-
ity, then a second election shall take place between the
person^ having the two highest numbers, on the same day
tint the second election is held lor President; and the per-
son having the highest number of the votes for Vtce Pres
idem, shall be Vice President. But if there should happen
to bo an equality of vote^ between the parsons so voted tor
