1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at the second election, then tin; person having thegreatest
number of votes in the greatest number of States, shall ho
Vice President- But when asecond election shall be neces-
sary in the case of Vice President, and not necessary in the
ease < f President, then the Senate shall choose a Vice Piesi-
dentfiom the persons having the two highest numbers to the
first election, as is now prescribed m the Constitution: Pro-
vided, That the JPiesident to he elected m the jeur ib04
shall be chosen from one of the slaveholdius? State5?, and
the Vice President from one ofthenon-slaveholdins? States;
and in the year 1868, the President shall be chosen from
one of the mMi-slaveiiOkling State?-, and the Vice President
from one of the slavelioldiug States, and so alternating the
President and Vice President every tout years between the
slaveholding and the. m>n-^lavehoidmg Sut«s during the
•continuance of the Government-
Sec. 2. And be it Jurlher resolved, That article one,sec-
tion thice, be amended by strliungout the word " Legisla-
ture,"and inserting m lieu thereof the following vroids,
viz: "persons qualified to vote foi membeisof the mo«t
numerous branch of the Legislature," so as to make the
third section of said article, when ratified by three fourths
of the Stales, read as follows, to wit:
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senatois from each State, chosen by the persons qual-
ified to vote for the membersof the mostnwmoious bianch
of the Legislature thereof) for six years, and each Senator
&hall have one vote.
Sec. 4- And be it farther resolved, That article three,
section one, he amended by linking out the woids "good
behavior," and iusertmg the following "words, viz : " thr 
term of twelve ye&is." And further, that said article and
section be amended by adding the following thereto, viz :
■"and it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States, within twelve months afiei the ratification of tills
amendment ljy three fourths< f all the States, a-? provided
by the Constitution of the United States, to divide the
whole number of judges, as near as maybe piaetlcable,
into three classes. The seats <af the judges of the firsst class
shall be vacated at the expiration of the fourth jcar iiom
such classification j of the second clasd?at the expuotion of
the eighth year; and'of the third class, at the cxpirationof
the twelfth year, so that one third may be chosen eveiy
fourth year tncieafter.5'
The article, as amended, will read, as follows:
auticle iii-
Sec. 1. Thejndfc'ia] powerof the United States shall be
vested in one Supieme Court, and in such infeiior courts
as the Congress iiom tune to tunc may ordain and establish.
The judges, both of the supieme and inferior courts, «dmll
hold their offices duringihe termoi twelve yeot*, and shall,
nt stated times, receive for their services a compensation,
which shall not be diiiiiiihlted dunng their continuance in
office. And it shall foe the duty of file I'residentof the Uni-
ted States, within twelve months after the ratification of
this amendment by three lourths of all the States, as pio-
vided by the Constitution of the United States, to divide
■the whole number of judges, «js neai as maybe piacticable,
into three classes. The seats of the judges of the fhst
class shall fce vacated at the expu-ation of the fourth year
from such classification 3 of the second <ias«, at the expi-
ration of the eighth year; and of the thiid class, at the ex-
pnation of the twelfth year, so thatone tlnrdraaybechosen
t;vety fourth year thereafter: Provided, however, That all
ivaeancie^ occurring under the provisions of this section
shall be filled by persons, one halfof whom shall becho-en
from the siaveheidmg States, and the i>tiiej half with per-
sons chosen from the uon-felavcholding States, so that the
♦Supreme Court will be equally divided between the tdave-
iioldingaml the non-skweholding State.-.
Mr. JOHNSON., of Ten nessco, That com-
mittee not having been appointed, though I prc-
•sume it will be appointed, I ask that the resolu-
tion Jw on the table, and be printed, with a view,
ut the proper time, to refer it to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee- I introduce
the following resolution, with a view of referring
it at the proper time:
ResolvedThat the select committee of thirteen ho in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing, by
constitutional provision: 1. A line running through the
terntory of the United States, not included within the
States, making an equitable anil just division of said terri-
tory, south of which line slavery shall be recognized and
protected as property, by ample and full constitutional
guaiantees, and north of whieh line it shall he prohibited.
2. The repeal of all acts of Congress m icgai d to liie res-
toration of fugitives from labor, and an explicit declaiation
in the Constitution, that it is the duty ol each State lor
itself to return fugitive slaves when demanded by the proper
authority, or pay double their <?a^h value out ot the treas-
ury of the State. 3, An amendment of the Constitution,
declaring that slavery shall exist in navy->ardb, aisenals,
&c., or not, as ii may be admitted or prohibited by the
States in which such navy-yards, arsenal's, &c., ma> be
situated. 4. Congress shall never interfere with slavery
m the District of Columbia, &o long as it shall cxi->t in the
State of Maryland, nor even then,"without the consent of
the inhabitants and compensation to the owners. 5. Con-
gress shall not touch the repiesentation of three fifths of
the slaves, nor the inter State trade, coastwise or inland.
G. These piovisions to he unamendable, hke that which
relates to the equality of the States in the Senate.
I move that the resolution lie on the table for
the present, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM A. LINN.
Mr. PUGII. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to report back Senate bill
No. 518, for the relief of William A. Linn's
estate, with the recommendation that it pass. I
trust that the bill will bo put on its passage.
It passed both Houses at the last session, but
was not received by the President in time to be
approved.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
518) for the relief of William A. Linn's estate
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to-satisfy a judg-
ment rendered by the circuit court in and for the
county of St, Louis, State of Missouri, at its
October term of the year 18.57, in favor of Thomas
C. Reynolds and against the late William A.
Linn, for services in defending him in a suit
brought against him by William H. Belcher and
Charles Belcher, on account of acts done by Linn
as an officer of the United States; and also to pay
Reynolds a like additional sum in satisfaction of
his demand in another suit brought by him in the
St. Louis court of common pleas in and for the
county of St. Louis, against Linn, and now pend-
ing against Linn's administrator, for other like
service in defending Linn.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered^to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J3LTZA B. MILLS.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B.
Mills, widow of Robert Mills. I hope the Senate
will indulge me by putting the billon its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, it directs that there be paid to Eliza
Ii. Mills, widow of RobertMiils,thesum of $500,
in payment for his services as architect in prepar-
ing and furnishing plansand estimates for a marine
hospital at New Orleans, and a public printing
O0iee in the city of Washington,
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to hear the
report in that e^so, if there is any.
Mr. CAMERON. There was a unanimous re-
port made by the Committee on Public Buildicgs.
The services were performed a long while ago.
There is 110 doubt about the ease.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that there is no report from the committee,
but there is a memorial of the petitioner and a
letter to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CAMERON. The Chair will permit me
to inform him that the committee reported unani-
mously in favor of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no written
report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a letter to the
Secretary of the Treasuiy.
The Secretary toad the following letter:
Washington City, June l.>, 1850.
The undeisigned would respectfully present a claim
which he ha* on youi Department tor professional services
rendered* in foimmg designs, detail, diawings, specifica-
tions, estimates, and drawing up and having executed con-
tacts for a certain marine hospital for the city of New Or-
leans, for which he has never teceived any compensation.
The papers uix'ompauving tlm letter will f-how the char-
actci of the nam action the undersigned had with your
Depaihnent; and as ju-ticc has not been meted to him by
your predecessor, the undersigned would respectfully ap-
peal to you, sir, to examine tins claim, and to judge upon
it* equity.
The underpinned acted with good faith when he accepted
the imitation by the Department to prepare plans for this
building. The acceptance of these plans by a commissioner
appointed to examine the same, whicn was approved by
the Depailment, and the consummation of the contract on
the pait of the underMgncd, al-o approved by the Depart-
ment, was the fulfillment of the duties lequiied of the un-
deisiimed, and which entitled him to be compensated for
the laborious j.rojessio ual&ci vices lendejed in this business.
The underpinned would icspectfully a>k of the honorable
Secretary < f the Treasury to be allowed such compen-
sation as the service rendered is entitled to, which the
undersigned lu-> valued at $500.*
Respectfully submitted, ROBERT MILLS,
Engineer and Architect*
Hon. Tiiom.is Corwin\
Secretary oj the 7Wusur .', United State5.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood there was a
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, which I
called for. That seems to lie a letter of the
petitioner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury. There is a
- Tile regular clntryu by the piofession in business, of tMs
kind is at the inte of two and a liaif per cent, on the esti-
mates', which amount to §1,500.
letter to the Secretary. There is also a memorial.
These are the only papers connected'with the bill'.
Mr. CAMERON. The chairman of tho Com-
mittee on Public Buildings is not here. He could
explain the whole matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that bill will be
laid aside, unless we can have some explanation.
There seems to be no evidence whatever, and no
statement of any committee about it. It is man-
ifestly improper to pass it under such circum-
stances.
Mr. CAMERON. Let it He over until the
chairman is present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid over,
if there is no objection.
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.
Mr. IVERSON. As there seems to be no busi-
ness before the Senate, I'move that the Senate
take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 112) to
carry out the provisions of the fifteenth section
of the treaty between the United States and Mex-
ico, concluded on the 2d day of February, 1848.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment pending to the bill, which was
offered by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
in lines two and three of section two, to strike
out the words, " and a solicitor on the part of the
United States, both;" so that it will read:
That tlio said board sliati have a secictary versed in the
English ami Spanish languages, &,c.
Mr. HAMLIN. I recollect very distinctly the
subject-matter when it was up at the last session.
It seemed to me unnecessary to have an additional
officer. It did not conform to the usual practice
ofcommissionersinsuch cases, where theamounts
involved were no greater than those involved in
this commission. The amount is very small;
and one good officer, in my judgment, would he
amply sufficient. I think the amendment ought
to prevail.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment, I think, is,
that, instead of three commissioners, there shall
be only one. Is that the object of the amend-
ment? Perhaps I did not distinctly understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. Then what amendment is
now pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
again read the amendment.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not feel any very great
interest about the details of the bill; but in draw-
ing it up, the Committee on Claims simply fol-
lowed the precedent by Congress in establishing
boards of commissions to adjudicate the original
claims under this treaty. There were three com-
missioners. They had always a solicitor on the
part of the Government, to see that the Govern-
ment was not imposed upon by claimants, and
this money taken out of the Treasury by false
claims. 1 would suggest to the Senator from
Maine, whether it.would not bo better to let there
be a solicitor for this board. His pay will not
come out of the Treasury; it will be no expense
to the Government. It comes out of this fund,
which docs not belong to the United States, but
to the claimants, if they have any just claim. It
will cost the Government nothing; and I think it
will be a protection at least to other.claimants to
have a solicitor and see justice done between
them all.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I repeat again,
the history of the Government shows that we have
not usually had solicitors in cases of the limited
amount involved in this commission—very rarely.
Now, sir, it is the duty of the commissioner to
do precisely what the Senator from Georgia-says
—to see that improper claims are not presented;
or allowed, if presented. It is his duty. Ho
should be a good lawyer; he should be a compe-
tent man. And if he is a competent man, you
only want this solicitor for the sole purpose of
making a place for some particular person. It
is as useless as the fifth wheel to a coach. The
commissioner is entitled to a secretary to aid bim
in writing out his opinions and in preparing the
papers; but the very duties that devolve on the
chief officer are those of seeing that improper
claims are not allowed, and that those that are
allowed are allowed on legal and equitable prin-
V
