84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
ciplbs. The.amount is small, and I would not
fritter it away by creating places for particular
individuals. That is all there is of it.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment will not prevail. The subject was
before the Committee on Claims that reported
this bill, of which I am a member. It was dis-
cussed at the last .session. The Senator from
Maine says there is no necessity for this offi-
cer. I think the action of the board on these
very claims before, when there were three com-
missioners, instead of one as now proposed by
this bill, shows the necessity of such an officer.
L&rge and extensive frauds were committed on
the Government, notwithstanding the vigilance of
your commissioners. Whether the Government
has been in the habit of having solicitors at all
previous times, or not, I say experience shows
that such an officer is necessary to prevent frauds.
They were committed before, and, in my humble
judgment, they will be committed again, without
the assistance of some such ofiiccr. It is impos-
sible for one commissioner or a number of com-
missioners to investigate these claims. A prima
facie case is made out in relation to a claim, and,
for aught the commissioner ran see, it is all right
and proper, as was the case when the Gardiner
fraud was committed. Frauds may bo committed
again, perhaps even with tins aid to the commis-
sioner. This will be an additional safeguard to
the Government and to honest claimants. 1 hope,
therefore, that the amendment will not prevail.
The salary of the officer will be but a small por-
tion of the fund.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 23.
Mr. MASON. This is a bill in regard to the
Florida claims, I understand.
Mr. IVEHSON. Oh, no. I will explain to
the Senator and the Senate, in a few words, the
object of this bill. By the treaty between the
United States and Mexico,a certain amount was
set apart to pay claims of American citizens
against the Government of Mexico. There is a
portion of that fund in the Treasury not ex-
hausted. There are some claimants that either
did not present their claims at the time the com-
missioners were formerly in session, or were pre-
vented by some cause; and the object of this bill
is to allow them to go before a commission with
their claims, and if they can establish their claims,
to take the balance of the money in the Treasury.
Mr. MASON. I desire to know from the Sen-
ator whether the bill specifies any particular class
of claims, or leaves it open to all claimants J
Mr. 1VERSON. The Secretary will read that
portion of the bill.
Mr. HALE, and others. Read the whole bill.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
A blH to luither cany out the piovislons of the fifteenth
scctiou of the treaty between the United States and Mex-
ico, concluded on the 2d dav of Febtnary, 18-18.
Whereas thine remains unexpended in the Tieasuryof
the United State-> the sum of ,#311,111) t29 of the fund fiet
apait bv said tieaty foi the pajnient of claims of American
citizens- against the Government ot Mexico : and whereas
several claims in tavoi of Aiucikmu citizens a^amst Mex-
ico, alleged to he in existence puoi to the dale of said
treaty, have been piesented to Confess, ami payment
thereof claimed out of said unexpended balance ot said
fund, which said claims wei« not adjudicated by theboaid
of commissioners appointed under the act of the 3d of
March, 1840:
Be Uetuxctedjfyc., That the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint one person, who shall constitute a board, to meet
at the city of' Washington at some eaily day, to be desig-
nated by the President, whose duty it shall be to leceive.
and examine ail claims of citizens of the United States
upon the Republic of Mexico, or who were citizens at the
date of said treaty, and which arepiovided for by the treaty
between said Governments of the United States and Mex-
ico, concluded on the 2d day of Febiuary, 1848, and winch
may be piesentcd to the said board, and which were cither
not presented to the board of commissioner-? appointed un-
der it ic act of the 3d ot March, 1S49, or vveie not adjudicated
on their merits by the same, and to decide thereon, necoid-
ing to the piovisions of the said tieaty, and of the fir&t and
lifth articles of the unratified convention concluded at the
city of Mexico on the 20th day of Novembei, 1843.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said board
shall have nsecietary and a solicitor on the part ot the Uni-
ted States, both versed in the English and Spanish lan-
guages, to be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; and the said board is
hereby authorized to make all needful rules and regulations,
not contrary to the laws of the United States or the provis-
ions of said treaties, for carrying their eaid commission into
full effect.
Sec. 3. Jlndbc it further cnacfed, That all records', doc-
uments, arid papeis, which now are.orhereai'ter, until the
close of said commission, may come into the possession of
the department of hen ing ration t« paid Halm*,
shall ba delivered to the said board; and when the said
commission shall be concluded, the journal of its proceed-
ings, together with all the lecords. documents, and papers
which shall have come into its possession relating to the
business of said board, shall be deposited lfc the office of
the Secretary of State; and the period of six months from
and after the organization of said board is hereby desig-
nated, within which said commissioner may, at the instance
of any claimant or claimants, apply through the Secretary
of State of tho United States to the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Affairs, for all such books, records, or documents
in the possession <«r power of the Government ot the Mexi-
can Republic, as shall be deemed neeessaty to the just
decision of any claim or claims submitted to said board in
conformity with the provisions of said treaty.
Sec. 4. Jlndbc itJurthcr enacted, That the Secretary of
State is required, as soon as the President shall have desig-
nated the day tor the meeting of the said board, to give
public notice thereof, and to cause said notice to be pub-
lished in such newspapers as are authorized to publish the
laws of the United States.
Sec. 5. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the compensation
of the respective officers i'or whose appointment provision
is made by this act, shall be as follows, namely : to the
commissioner at the rate of $3,000 pei annum ; to the sec-
retaiyofthe boaid at the rate of $2,000 per annum ; and to
the solicitor at tho rate of $3,000 per annum. And the
President of the United States shall be, and he is hereby,
authoiizcd to make such piovision for the contingent ex-
penses ofsaid commission as to him shall appeaneasonahle
ami propci. And the said salaries and expenses shall be
paid out of said unexpended balance ot said fund.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further cnc&ted, That the said com-
missioner shall report to the Secretary ot State a list ot ail
the several awards made by him ; a certified copy thereof
shall be by luin transmitted to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who shall thereupon distribute, in ratable proportions,
among the persons in whose favor the awards shall have
been made, the amount of said unexpended balance of said
fund, or such pait thereof as shall not be con sumed by the
salaries and expenses of the commission provided lor by
this act, according to the proportions which their respect
ive awards shall bear to the unexpended balance of said
fund, or fuch part thereof as shall not bo consumed by the
salaries and expenses of the commission piovided foi by
this aet, first deducting such sums of money as maj be due
the United States liom said persons in whose favor said
awards shall be made; and the said Sceretniv shall there-
upon cause certificates of stock of the United States to be
issued to the said parties, lespeetiveiy, or their legal rep-
resentatives, for the amount to which they may be entitled,
which stock shall beai an interest of six per centum per
annum until paid, and redeemable at any timeat the pleas-
ute of the United States, or pay the same in money, at the
option of the United States.
Sfcc. 7. ,/Jnd f-r it Jurthn enacted. That the said boaid
shall terminate its business within one yeai from the day
of its otg.imzation.
Mr. HALE. I move to add, as an additional
section, to the bill, that it shall not take effect
until after the publicdebtis paid; and I desue to
explain the object of that amendment.
We have once made provision for these claim-
ants. We instituted a commission; the commis-
sion ant; and everybody that had a just claim
came, and some that had unjust claims came, as
we know by the judicial records of this District;
and every dollar that could be established before
that commission has been paid out of the Treas-
ury. There is an unexpended balance left, and,
nominally, this is to reach that. Now, sir, 1
think, when we have paid every dollar that could
be established before this commission, that we
ought not to borrow money (for this money has
got to be borrowed) to pay more, and invite other
creditors to come in after such an opportunity as
they have had. After the public debt is paid,
and we have money that we have not to go out
to borrow, it will be time enough to invite claim-
ants to come in and make claims on the Treasury
for this monev.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire, to
insert, as an additional section, the following:
*flnd be it further cnactcd, That this act shall not take
effectuntil the public debt ot the United States shall have
been paid.
Mr. IVERSON. I have only to say, in refer-
ence to that amendment, that it seems to me to
be a very extraordinary proposition. If there
are any claimants that are entitled in justice and
equity to this money, it would be very hard in-
deed to postpone them until the public debt is
paid, because (his money does not belong to the
United States. It comes, out of the Government
of Mexico. It is money in the Treasury, paid
by the Govcrnmentof Mexico into our Treasury
for the benefit of these claimants. Will the Gov-
ernment of the United States withhold from any
just claimant the amount of his claim until it has
paid all the other public creditors? That seems
to me a very hard proceeding. I hope the Sen-
ate will not sanction that, but will vote the amend-
ment down.
Mr. HALE. Will the .Senator from Georgia
bo good enough to tell me when Mexico paid any
money into our Treasury? That is a new fact
to me. I never heard it before.
Mr. IYERSON. By the treaty between the
United States and Mexico there was a certain
amount of money which the Government of the
United States agreed to pay to Mcxico. They
agreed to set apart a portion of it, $3,250,000, to
nthe claims that citizens of the United States
against the Republic of Mexico. Of course,
it was a part of the consideration that the United
States gave for the treaty, and the territory that
we purchased from Mexico by that treaty. It is,
therefore, a part of the fund of Mexico which the
United States agreed to pay her, but which the
United States was to retain and pay over In a cer-
tain way, in order to extinguish the debts which
the people of the United States had against the
Republic of Mexico. It is, therefore, the money
of Mexico, not of the United States.
Mr. HALE. It was the money of Mexico if
they had established their claim in the way that
the law and the treaty pointed out; but the law
and the treaty have been fully performed, and
their obligations carried out in letter and in sprit.
Everything that we agreed to do, everything that
the law required us to do, has been done. Every-
body that had a claim has been invited to come,
and has come, good and bad, and all have been
allowed together—not all, but many of them. I
believe the Gardiner claim was one that was al-
lowed under this treaty. There is no obligation
now existing under the treaty or under the law to
pay this money. The reason that I propose to
postpone it is on the same policy that governs the
Administration in refusing to build custom-houses
and some other public buildings. The Senator
from New York [Mr. ICixg] will recollect that
Congi ess appropriated money to do certain things,
bu,t, owing to the state of the Treasury, the Ad-
ministration declined to do them, because tho
Treasury was not full enough. That is the ground
on which I wish to put this; but I do not desire
to occupy any of the time of the Senate about it.
Mr. SLlDELL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia, who reported this bill, could riot
have been familiar with the facts and the stipula-
tions of the treaty with Mexico, or else he has for-
gotten them. By that treaty, we agreed to pay
$15,000,000 to the Republic of Mexico in consid-
eration of certain cessions of territory. Every
dollar of that amount has been paid. Another
provision of that treaty was that, to the extent of
$3,250,000, the United States should undertake to
compensate their citizens for all just claims they
might have on the Government of Mcxico, and
at the same time release Mexico from all further
obligation on accountof these claims. This money
is not now a fund standing in the Treasury to the
credit of these claimants. It is a distinct, abso-
lute, new appropriation of this amount. Article
eleven of the treaty with Mcxico, declared that,
u In consideration of the extension acquired by the bound-
aries ot the United States, a* defined m the filth aitiele of
the present treaty, the Government of the United States
engages to pay to that of the Mexican Republic the sum of
$10,000,000."
The article then goes on to define the mode in
which it should be paid; $3,000,000 at a certain
time, and subsequently in stock. All that money
has been paid. Now we come to the article of
the treaty under which the Senator from Georgia
assumes the fact, and that fact is assumed in the
bill—the bill is based on a false hypothesis, and
declares a fund to exist that has no existence.
The money is now in the Treasury of the United
States; it belongs to the United States. Mexico
has no claim upon it whatever. The fifteenth
article of the treaty is in these words:
'♦The United States, exonerating Mexico from a!! de-
mands on account ot the claim* of tbeir citizens mentioned
in the preceding as tide, and considering them entirely and
forever canceled, whatever their amount may be, under-
take to make satisfaction foi the same, to an "amount not
exceeding v.3,*2>0.000. Toasceitnm tho validity and amount
of these chums, a hoatd ot commissioneis shall be estab-
lished by the tiovernment of the United States, whose
awaid-. siioll be final and conclusive: Provided, That in de-
ciding upon the validity of each claim, the board shall be
guided and governed by the principles and lules of decision
prescribed by the flrst'and nfth aiticles of the unratified
convention, concluded at the City of Mexico on the QOth
day of November. 1843; and in no case shall an award be
made in favor of any claim not embraced by these pi incites
and rulc-j."
Now, if I recollect aright the provisions of this
bill—I did not hear it very distinctly as read by
