86-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
crnruont of South Carolina will be vested the right
ti declare war, to conclude peace, to make treaties,
to enter into alliances, and to do all other matters
and things which sovereign States may of right
do. When that is done, a minister plenipoten-
tiary and envoy extraordinary will be sent to
present his credentials; and when they arc denied,
or refused to be recognized by this Government,
I say to you that the sovereignty of her soil will
be asserted)and it will be maintained at the point
of the bayonet. Laugh! Nero fiddled while Rome
was burning; and you who have it in your power
even yet to save your suffering poor in the dead
of winter, when they need both food and fuel,
from starvation and destruction, are here treating
with contempt those who wish to discuss these
questions soberly and seriously. That the peo-
ple of South Carolina will assert their indepeiui-
" ence, is a fact that is known to every man within
the souud of my voice. And why should they not,
if they see fit? I read yesterday the oath of alle-
giance thatisrequired ofovory citizen in thatState.
When South Carolina became one of the States
of this Union, that oath of allegiance and fealty
to the State of South Carolina was upon her
statute-book and in her constitution. These other
States confederated with her, knowing that her
citizens were bound to swear allegiance to their
own State, and obedience only to the Constitu-
tion of the United States and of their own State.
There was more than this oath of allegiance which
they swore:
" [ do acknowledge tile State of South Caiolina is, and
of right ousllt to be, a free, independent, and t-overni'n
State." * * * " And I do further >,wcar
that I will bcart'aitii and true nilo<;laiiee to the said state,
and, to the utmost of my power, will support, maintain,
and defend"—
What?
the freedom and independence thereof."
With that oath upon the record, she was admit-
ted into this Union; and it will not do now for her
sister States, or for this agency of the States, that
ha-s no power except by the permission of the
States, that exercises no power except by the per-
mission of the States, and that can be stripped of
every power by those States, to deny that the
people of that State are bound to obey their oaths.
Those who swear to obey the Constitution of the
United States and violate it,laugh at oaths; but,
thank God, the people amongst whom I have
lived, and whom i represent upon this floor, have
never dealt so lightly with their oaths. I say
that a more monstrous outrage will not have been
committed in any country, than will be commit-
ted if this Government attempts coercion in any
manner. It is impracticable; it is unconstitu-
tional; it is revolutionary; and the moment that
this Government, through its executive, legis'a-
tive, and judicial departments, or through any of
them, shall deny that these States are sovereign,
and shall attempt to reduce one of the parties to
the compact to the condition of a conquered prov-
ince, such offense will bo given to every other
State as to cause them to rally to their respective
standards, and rescue the Constitution tiom the
ijrasp of those who would tear it up and trample
it under foot.
For years past that unfortunate buta;allant peo-
ple have been misrepresented. Their palmetto
has withered under the blighting inlluenee of the
breath of slander, and its broad leaves have been
like the leaves of the funereal cypiess; bet, tluink
God, it is again spreading its branches to the sun,
and, green and luxuriant, itnow presents itself to
the gaze of the people of the thirty-three States as
ill the brightest days of its glory. Sneeis and
scoffs will not serve your purpose. Yourei^hteen
million will find a gallant few who will welcome
them, as was svell said the other day by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Iveuson,] " with bloody
hands to hospitable graves." You may conquer
them; you may trail that palmetto banner in the i
dust; but you wili never reduce that people to
slavery. No. sir; South Carolina may be made
a graveyard of freemen, but, before God, it will
never be the habitation of slaves. [Manifesta-
tions of applause in the galleries.]
When you know that the citizens of thatState
have sworn allegiance to it, and are bound, 011
their oaths, to obey the behests of their sovereign;
when you know that that State is going-out of the
Union, is there any sense, is there any justice, is ,
there any humanity, in attempting to keep her in i
it? You talk about enforcing the laws! There is
no man who would go further for enforcing the
laws within the limits of the United States than I
would; and as long as South Carolina remains in
the Union, the laws should be enforced there; and
I hazard the assertion that there will be 110 neces-
sity for enforcing them; they will be obeyed. I
judge that when her minister visits this court and
presents his credentials, that State will wait until
that question has been acted upon; and not until
l;er right to secede is denied, and authoritatively
denied, will she insist that the Fedeial troops
shall be removed from those forts which she lias
ceded to the Union.
1 regretted extremely to see that the President
of the United States was laboring under a misap-
prehension as to the title by which these forts are
hold and the consideration for which they were
ceded to the United States. 1 v/ill not wear}'the
Senate by reading further from the records which
establish these great historical facts, but I state
that, from the declaration of independence, and a
year before it, until the year 1805, South Caro-
lina was the possessor of all that soil upon which
those forts are erected. In 1805 she ceded, vol-
untarily, to the United States, without money and
without price, those forts, upon two conditions
only: that they should be kept in repair, and be
garrisoned by the Federal Government. She, pre-
viously to that time,ceded all that territory, with-
out money and without price, upon which the great
and gallant States of Mississippi and Alabama
have been erected. Then, having ceded for Fed-
eral purposes the land upon which these forts are
erected, she appointed commissioners, and out of
her own treasury paid for having the land sur-
veyed, and, as appears from a letter from the en-
gineer who was sent there to examine the forts,
when thisGovernment had not the money to make
the repairs, the citizens of Chaileston voluntaiily
raised the necessary money 111 order to Imve the
repairs made. It is unfortunate that the Presi-
dent did not inform himself as to the facts before
insinuating that she sold for money this property,
and therefore was not entitled to claim it.
It was her voluntary gift, to the United States
for Federal purposes. When she ceases to be
one of the United Slates, the purposes for which,
she made the cession ceases;and those forts,and
the land upon which they have been elected,
sh-ouki be ceded buck to the State. While these
matters are. negotiating, I have 110 doubt that the
State will stay her hand. It can be 110 offense to
her honor or to her dignity that the troops shall
not be. removed the instant she has seceded. They
must remain there for a moment; they must for
a minute; they must for an lioui; they must ex
necessitate rei for a week, possibly for a month.
Therefore, until this Government has authorita-
tively denied her right, and until those troops are
there kept for the purpose of subjugation, no of-
fense will be offered to her honor, and 110 violence
he done by her. lint if there is an attempt, which
1 trust in God there may not be, to strengthen
those gaiiisims, or in a moment of imprudence a
man-of-war should be sent into thatluubor. 1 say
to you that those forts will be taken, cost it the
life of every man in that State.
Nowit litis ;;ot to be a fashion to speak of " the
chivalry ;"und when South Carolina is mentioned,
it has become fashionable to speak 111 such terms
as to indicate that those men are not apt to act up
to their wouls. When have her citizens shown
themselves deficient iu manhood? I3y the con-
stitutional compact she agn'"d that this Govern-
ment should have the right to declare war; and
when war was declared by the United States
against linglai.d, and in other sections of this
country questions were made as to whether the
militia could be marched beyond the limits of
their respective States, South Carolina, of her
own accord, raised and equipped and put into the
field, to cross bayonets with Gritish regulars, one
brigade, commanded by one who a few years
ago was a Senator from that State. I mean Daniel
Elliott Huger. When the war broke out with
Mexico, and that State was called upon for a
regiment, she responded 011 the instant,and made
an appropriation not only for putting her regi-
ment in the field, but for uniforming them, and
they went to Mexico under their own palmetto;
they wore their State uniforms, and they were
known as the Palmettoes. And, sir, how did
they discharge then duties then ? Did they falter
when red battle stamped his foot? 1 read from
Claiborne's Life of John A. Q,uitmani
" Colonel Butler, of the South Carolinians, had left his
sickbed against the remonstrances of his tnends to le.ut
tilt; Palmettoes to the combat. Eai ly in the engagement his
horse was shot under him. Soon alter he leceived a pain-
ful wound in the knee, and yielded the command to Lieu-
tenant Colonel Dickinson. Taking the palmetto flag Iron*
the hands of Sergeant Beggs, Dickinson placed himself in
front, and Becgs Was immediately shot down. Colonel
Butler now came up to resume the command, and wa*
killed by the side of Dickinson, while standing under the
flog. Dickinson himself soon fell mortally wounded, (ha
died some weeks afterward,) and Major Gladden received
it from his hands and committed it to Lieutenant Baker,
who being unable from debility and exhaustion to carry ir7
^Major Gladden placed it in the hands of Patuck Leonaid,
'and led his regiment to the charge. His men fell rapidly,
but not one wavered, ftom Jiist to last, under the concen-
tiated fno of the enemy. In {he whole histo>y of wai theie
has never been a more striking example of indifference to
death, the result of stern lesolve. Each man fought lor
the honor of Carolina. Pevcial companies weic almot-t
annihilated. Some had not men enough to bury then dead,
01 bear their wounded to the ambulances. The unilornis
ot fcouj" ot the othcers were literally torn from their jier-
toi!'5; the color-hearers were shot down, but the flag, bathed
in their blood, was always seized as they fell and borne to
the lront. Tioudly it iloated ihtough the temper ot deaths
until the victoi v had been \\ on, and then, oil torn and blood-
&t:uned, it (hooped ovet In own glorious dead. The xegi-
ment entered the battle with two bundled and seventy-
tluee lank and hie, and when it was over u musTOied out?
humhid and sixty! It had none amusing; its dead aud
wounded made up the deficiency.''
These arc the men who are denounced; these
are the men who are ridiculed; this i« the State
that I saw, in a Black Republican paper within
the last week, compared to one of the counties of
New York, and held inferior to Brooklyn, because
they had not the numerical strength of that city I
There is a point beyond which endurance, like
patience, ceases to be a virtue. We are reaching
that point rapidly. When South Carolina, pie-
viously to the Revolution, espoused the quarrel of
other States—though she suffered comparatively
nothing, for shewas the favored colony, as I said
yesterday—no one then complained that she was
going too far; no one then complained that she
was precipitating a revolution.
Now the complaint is made. Why, if she has
not suffered materially as other States have suf-
fered, shall she be debarred the poor privilege of
vindicating her honor? Suppose thatghc has net
been robbed and plundered as the border Stales
have been lobbed and plundered: has she not been
insulted? Have the black Republican States kept
their faith or observed their oaths > Has not Legis-
lature after Legislature, in open violation of the
Constitution, passed laws to prevent the recap-
ture of fugitive slaves, though it is a part of the
Constitution ? If a treaty of peace and amity was
entered into between Great Britamand the "United
States to-morrow, and m that treaty of peace it
were provided that fugitives from justice should
be delivered up on the respective demands of the
different Governments, what would be said if,
before the ink were dry, the British Parliament
should pays a law prohibiting the use nf the jails
of Great Britain, pass a law prohibiting the sub-
jects of Great Britain, and her officers, either legis-
lative, executive, or judicial, from carrying that
treaty into execution ?
1 am told that the proposition is preposterous;
that such perfidy would not be tolerated; and
that not only the United States would declare
war, but that continental Europe would combine
to blot from the map of nations a people so per-
fidious. Why, Senators, the story is but half
told. What would you say if, after this tieaty
was entered info between these high contracting
parties, the British Parliament, with the conscnt
of the Queen, weie to pass a law to provide that
every British judge, that every member of Par-
liament, that e\ery executive officer, from con-
stable up to the Queen, should swear solemnly
upon the revelation of God thatthcy would carry
this tieaty into effect, and that when the ink was
hardly dty upon the parchment which had ren-
dered this outh necessary, and when all these va-
rious officers, legislative, executive, and judicial,
had sworn that they would carry that treaty into
effect,the British Parliament were to pass an act
prohibiting every ofKccr and every citizen from
executing that particular clause of the treaty?
Here is perjury added to perfidy; and I say to you
that, by the Constitution of the United States, no
man can sit in any Legislature unless he swears
to obey that Constitution; and that every Black
Republican legislator who litis voted for one of
