1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
those laws passed for the purpose of defeating the
execution of that treaty has sworn before God that
he will obey this Constitution; and that in open
violation of his oath he has passed a law punishing
with fine and imprisonment any man who shall
observe his oath. Is this not true? You dare not
deny it. And when States confederated with your
States complain of this perfidy and perjury, they
ai'e told that if they do lint silently and patiently
with bated breath and whispering humbleness"
submit, your eighteen million free white men will
come down there and reduce them to the condi-
tion of conquered provinces; that their own army
and their own navy and their own treasury shall
be used for their subjugation.
When some of these States that are not robbed
choose not to submit longer to be confederated
with States that are faithless, they are answered
by saying, " Why do not you wait till the States
that are robbed shall resist?" Why, sir, if I and
a friend happen to be passing along Pennsylvania
avenue, and both are slapped in the face, and in
addition to the. indignity, the purse of my friend
is also taken from him, does his submission de-
volve upon me any duty also to submit? Because
robbery has not been added to insultand perjury
and perfidy, South Carolina and Georgia and
Florida and Alabama and Mississippiand Texas
and Arkansas arc not to complain !
This sort of logic we do not understand m that
section of tjie country. Our misapprehension,
doubtless, is the result of the " barbarism of sla-
very." In that country there are men who, even
ill this utilitarian age, are not dead to nil senti-
ment; who defend with the hazard of their lives
and with their blood their personal honor; and
will be as ready to defend the honorof tkeirStates
as they are their individual respectability. It is
the declaration of divine justice that hewho sheds
man's blood shall have his blood shed by man;
and 1 say that he who taints the blood nioie kills
than he who sheds it. That proud State that I
am speaking of—and I speak of her because she
lias no representative upon this floor, and because
she "is about to act, and because there has been
an effort to isolate her from her sisters—has not
heretofore, and will not hereafter, show any in-
sensibility to that winch touches her honor. Her
citizens are few; they may be conquered; there
may bo none left to tell the story of their disaster.
It does not follow, Senators, that because a peo-
ple arc weak, they are going to submit to tyr-
anny.
History tells us of the king of Lacedremon and
his three hundred who died at Thermopylae
There was an oath in Spnrln as there is an oath
in South Carolina. The people of South Carolina
have sworn to maintain the independence and the
freedom' of their State. It is the law of that State.
When Leonidas and his gallant three hundied
fell, history tells us—I know not whether the in-
scription is still to be seen—that upon the stone
which covered that gallant dead weie inscribed
these words, " Stranger, tell the Lacedaemonians
that we lie here in obedience to their laws." In
my own State there is all inscription not Jess
touching. Upon the blood-stained stones ot the
Alamo there is now to be seen written these words:
"Thermopyte had her messengers of death; the
Alamo had none." Those who have no senti-
ment; those who laugh at it; those who regard a
sense of honor as one of the relies of barbarism
and the incident of the institution of slavery, I
know do not understand, or comprehend, or ap-
pieciate the feelings which influence the people of
the shareholding States.
Thank God, there are also in the other section
a gallant few—that old, glorious Constitution-
loving Democratic party, from some of whom
we have, upon issues which we regarded mate-
rial, differed of late. 1 trust in God, sir, that
the hatchet will be buried between us in this
great struggle that is coming on for constitutional
hbeity under the question as to whether one
of the sovereign States of this Union shall be
coerced or not. I remember how gallantly our
flag, with the Constitution emblazoned upon it,
wtis borne by Vallandighahi and Richard-
son and Logan and Cox and McClernaxd and
others of that old guard; and though last, not
least, myfriend from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgh,] a patriot
and a soldier. When his country called upon
him he answered promptly to the call, and m the
bloody fields of Mexico snowed that he had not
lost either patriotism or the sense of personal or
national honor. They, I trust, will bring to the
altar of the Constitution their feelings of aliena-
tion, and, sacrificing them, stand by the Consti-
tution. If we cannot save this Union as it was
originally formed by these States, let it be dis-
solved rather than see a military despotism erected
upon its ruins. There is now an effort making
to erect such a despotism. The edifice is not yet
completed. South Carolina, thank God! has laid
her hand upon one of the pillars, and she will
shake it until it totters first, and then topples.
She will destroy that edifice, though she perish
amid the ruins.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, if there is no dis-
position to adjourn, or to take up any other busi-
ness at this time, I propose to make some remarks
upon this subject, because I believe 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Ohio
will give way, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn. ["Oh, no!"]
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; I yield the floor. It
is of no consequence to me whether the Senate
adjourn or not.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn. I very much desire to have a vote to-
day upon the resolution under consideration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That will not be possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn, which is not a de-
batable question.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays is not seconded, a sufficient
numberof Senators notliavingarisen. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 13, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
treasurer's accounts.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts with
the United States for the third and fourth quar-
ters of the year 1859 and first and second quar-
ters of the year I860, as adjusted by the account-
ing oflicers of the Treasury; which was laid ou
the table, and ordered to be printed.
perpetuity of tiie union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 was entitled to the floor
when the House adjourned yesterday. 1 have no
objection, however, to yield to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have the floor
, now. I should be very happy to yield to the
j gentleman from Iowa at any other time; but not
just now.
Mr. VANDEVER. I understood that I had
the floor at the conclusion of the session o< yes-
terday.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois state the purpose for which he rises'
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise for the pur-
pose of asking the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a resolution. I stated yes-
terday, Mr. Speaker, that if there was no objec-
tion 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
asks leave to introduce a resolution. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. CURRY. Let it be read' for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That we prop-
erly estimate the immense value of our national Union to
oui collective and individual happiness ; that we cherish
a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to if; that
we wilt speak of it as of the palladium of our political
safetv and prosperity ; tliat we will watch its preseivation
with"jealous anxiety; that wc wilt discountenance what-
ever maysuggest even a suspicion that it can, iii any event,
he abandoned, and indignantly frown upon tlie first dawn-
in" ot every attempt to alienate any poilion of uur country
from the rest, or enfeeble the sacred ties which now link
togethei the various paits; that we regard it as a main
pjlar in the edifice of oui real independence, the^support
i! 01" tranquillity at home, oat pr-.n r- abroad, our safety, fair
prosperity, and that very liberty which we so highly prize;
that we have seen nothing in the past, noi do we see any- -
thing in the present, either in the election of Abraham
Lincoln to the Presidency of tiic United States, or ;from
any other existing cause, to justify its dissolution; that we
regard its perpetuity as of more value tiiari the temporary
triumph of any party or any man ; that whatever evils or
abuses exist under it ought to be corrected within the
Union, in a peaceful and constitutional way; that we be-
lieve it has sufficient power to redress every wrong and 1
enforce every right growing out of its organization or per-
taining to its proper functions; and that it is a patriotic
duty to stand by it as oui hope in peace and our defense in
war.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the resolution ?
Mr. CURRY. I object, unless it is proposed
to refer it to the committee of thirty-three. If the.
object of the gentleman from Illinois i  to have it
considered now, I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would ?ay to the
gentleman from Alabama, that I. have not the
slightest idea in the world of ever letting this res-
olution be buried in the coffin of the committee of
thirty-three.
Mr. CURRY. Then I object to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wanttogeta vote
on my resolution; and I shall ask a vote on it
every day till I get it; and I think that, with the
help of God, I shall succeed yet.
LAND GRANT TO KANSAS.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or-
der to be the bill (H. R. No* 700) reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, granting alternate
sections of public lands to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in the Territory or future State
of Kansas. „
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has not the floor to make such a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Vandever] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VANDEVER. I have very little to say
in regard to the measure now proposed fo the
House, other than that it is a bill proposing to
grant alternate sections of public lands for_ seven
miles in width, to aid in the construction of a cer-
tain line of road from the mouth of the Kansas
river, through the Territory of Kansas, to the
western limits of thatTerritory. This bill is dif-
ferent from railroad grants that have been here-
tofore made, in this: it allows no float outside of
the line of the road. It makes a grant of alter-
nate sections for seven miles in width, without
any right to float outside of the limits of seven
miles. Another peculiarity of this measure con-
sists in the fact that the grant is made tc the Ter-
ritory or future State, but gives the territorial gov-
ernment authority only to loeate the line of the
road. The disposition of the lands is reserved
for the action of the State government when the
State shall bo formed. Under the territorial form
of government the road can only be located and
the lands selected and reserved.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I feel no particular interest
in this measure above any other similar measures
that may be proposed for the action of the House.
This bill simply proposes to carry out what seems
to have been the general policy of the Government
in aiding the construction of works of this kind in
the new States by-liberal donations or appropria-
tions of land. This bill is simply carrying out that
general policy. I have nothing to say in regard
to that policy at this time. It has been fully dis-
cussed, and is, no doubt, thoroughly understood
by all members on this floor. It is desirable, I
think, that land grants should be made to carry
forwaid that great system of roads already com-
plete and in operation to the banks of the Missis-
sippi, and which arc now in process of construc-
tion across the State of Iowa and across the State
of Missouri to the banks of the Missouri river.
The ultimate object of ail these roads is to reach
the Pacific ocean; and I beg leave to suggest, as
one reason why this bill should receive the favor-
able consideration of this House, that the neces-
sity of a Pacific railroad is now felt by all men.
I conceive that this proposition affords a basis for
the construction of that road, and it will avoid one
of the objections that have been urged against the
different plans heretofore presented to the consid-
eration of the House. The bill does not propose
to appropriate any money from the Federal 1 reas-
ury. The road contemplated is to start from the
J
