88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Missouri river, pointing out to the wilderness in |
the direction of Pike's Peak, the design being to
continue it on ultimately toward the Pacific coast.
It secures the location of the line, and the selec-
tion and reservation of the lands along the line to
the present western limits of the Territory of
Kansas. This road will accomplish a very con-
siderable portion of that important work, the Pa-
cific railroad.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. "Will the gentleman
from Iowa allow me to say a word? I have an
amendment which I wish to offer to the seventh
section of the bill; and before the gentleman closes
his remarks I would be glad to oner it, so that the
gentleman may, if he desire, comment upon it.
Mr. VANDEVER. I am very willing to yield
to the gentleman from Missouri that he may offer
his amendment.
Mr. JONES. I desire to inquire whether this
bill is in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is. It is a report from
the Committee on Public Lands, and is now reg-
ularly before the Hotise. It was reported yester-
day, and is open for discussion and amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have the consent
of the gentleman from Iowa to offer my amend-
ment now, so that he can comment upon it.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
already pending, offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Well; mine can
be an amendment to his amendment.
Mr. Craig's amendment was read, as follows:
4And be it further enacted, That there be and is heieby
granted to the Territories and States of Kanea* and Ne-
braska alternate sections of the public lands, to the same
extent, and in the same manner, and on like limitations
and restrictions in eveiy respect, as aic by the provisions of
the act granted to the said Territory and State of Kan^
to aid in constructing a raihoad Irom Elwood, in Kansas*,
via Maryville, to Denver City.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will explain the
amendment when the gentleman from Iowa will
allow me. ft
Mr.VANDEVER. I desire to say, in reference
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, that 1 have no personal objection to it.
It is a mere question as to the starting point of
one of these roads. There is a local controversy
between the different points along the western
bank of the Missouri river as to what localities
shall be made the initial points. It is a matter of
secondary importance altogether. It is, perhaps,
a matter of entire indifference to a large majority
of the members of this House as to where shall
be the precise starting point on the Missouri river.
The great object of the grant will have been at-
tained by the construction of a road from any
points on the Missouri river or western boundary
of the State of Missouri. The main object in the
location of one of these roads is, that it shall be
an extension as a main trunk of the Hannibal
and St. Joseph road. I take it that it is a matter
of small importance for us to determine the pre-
cise noint of starting. The Committee on Public
Lands thought it would be better to leave that to
be determined by the Kansas Legislature.
So in reference to the other road which is to
start at or near the mouth of the Kansas river;
it will be left to the Legislature of Kansas to
determine the prccise point of starting.
And so in reference to the other road, which is
designed as a continuation of the Pacific railroad
now in process of construction through the State
of Missouri, the initial point is to be some point
at or near the terminus of that road on the west-
ern border of the State. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have not deemed it within their prov-
ince to designate the precise point of starting.
The proper point can only be determined by i
actual survey, and we leave the Kansas Legislature 1
to detcjrnine that matter after such survey shall
have been made. The committee believed tliatany
attempt to settle conflicting interests of different
localities along the line of the river might en-
danger the passage of the bill through the House.
They have therefore deemed it best that the
question should be referred to the authorities of
Kansas. I do not know what effect the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri may have,
if adopted. I have no personal objection to it;
but I have deemed it my duty to state the reasons
which have actuated the Committee on Public
Lands in coming to the conclusion which is em-
bodied in this bill.
Now, another thing. When Kansas may be
admitted into the Union as a State, her bound-
aries will be fixed considerably inside the limits
of the present Territory of Kansas. The object
of this bill is to grant lands to aid in the construc-
tion of roads to the western boundary of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. When Kansas is admitted as
a State, within smaller limits, she will of course
have jurisdiction or control over only such por-
tion of the lands as arc within the State, leaving
the remainder of the lands to be selected, and the
roads located by such State government as may
hereafter be set up west of the State of Kansas.
The passage of this bill will secure an import-
ant step toward the completion of a continuous
line of railroad from the Atlantic to the Pacific; a
national necessity, which is at the present time
felt and admitted by all classes of all sections of
the Union. By thus making a liberal appropri-
ation of the public domain, we may obviate the
necessity hereafter of making appropriations of
money directly from the national Treasury, to
aid the construction of a railroad across the con-
tinent.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I state these things, and
commend them to the favorable consideration of
the House. I desire that there shall be definite
action upon the measure at this time, and shall
therefore ask that the bill may be put upon its
passage.
Before relinquishing the floor, I desire to state
that the Committee on Public Lands, at the last
session of Congress, considered propositions of a
similar character in reference to roads in Califor-
nia and Oregon, and authorized reports to be
made to the House recommending the donation
of lands along the line of the roads running east-
wardly from the Pacific. If these bills shall pass,
and the roads they are designed to assist shall be
built, there will then exist only a narrow strip of
territory, some two hundred or three hundred
miles m width, between the terminations of the
roads provided in this bill on the western bound-
ary of the IVriitorv of Kansas and those running
eastward in the States of California and Oregon.
The Govoi mnent will thus be enabled to complete
tins gieat work of rail rood communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific at a -very small
expense to tin- public Treasuiy.
i submit thche observations, Mr. Speaker, in
explanation of the bill before the House; and I
ask for them <\ fair consideration from the House.
I now yield to thegcnlleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Craig,] to enable him tooxplain his amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Iowa states the case eonectly. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have been induced, I have
no doubt, to report this bill in the shape in which
they have presented it to the House, for the rea-
son that they did not desire to settle the contro-
versy between certain towns on the Missouri
river, in Kansas and out of it. 1 may say, how-
ever, I suppose, withoutany bieach of confidence,
that the Committee on Public Lands have repeat-
edly decided to report a bill with the section to
which my amendment applies as I propose to
make it. But, in consequence of the importuni-
ties of gentlemen outside of this House, in the gal-
leries, if you please, the committee has been in-
duced to believe that the passage of the bill would
be endangered by settling that question; and they
have therefore turned these parties loose into the
Kansas Legislature to settle their conflicting in-
terests. Now, sir, I object to going to the Kan-
sas Legislature. First, because one ofthesc roads,
although starting a quarter of a degree inside
the Territory of Kansas—some twelve or fifteen
miles south of the Nebraska line—is a road in-
volving quite as much the interests of Nebraska
as Kansas; and yet the Committee on Public
Lands propose togive to the Legislatuie of Kan-
sas the control over a rovad which runs through
a corner of that Tenitory, but the great body of
which is within Nebraska.
I object to this feature of the committee's bill,
Mr. Speaker, in the second place, because it will
oblige you and the thousands and hundreds of
thousands of people who travel that route to de-
pend on the Legislature of Kansas to decide upon
carrying out a project in the location ot this road,
that will compel all who travel over the road to
proceed twenty-one or twenty-two miles down
the Missouri river befoie stalling for the West.
I refer gentlemen to the gentleman from Alabama,
who is the oldest member of the Committee on
Public Lands in this House, [Mr. Cobb,] and
who will bear me witness that, eight years ago,
when efforts were being made to carry through
the House a bill donating lands to aid in carrying
these roads through the State of Missouri, the
debates will show that the intention was that the
roads should be continued directly west through
the Indian country, in the direction of the Pacific
coast. I think, by referring to the Globe, it will
be found that in the debate which took place on
that occasion, it was stated that when the Hannibal
and St. Joseph railroad should be completed, it
would be an advance to that extent in a line of rail-
road extending west from Philadelphia, Harris-
burg, Columbus, Indianapolis, and Springfield,
towards the Pacific coast. It would also be in a
direct line with Carson Valley and the gold dig-
gings. It was the argument then relied on for the
aid asked for in the construction of this road > that it
would be extended directly west through Kansas.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patten, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 863, to
authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and for
other purposes, with sundry amendments.
THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the gentleman
from Missouri will yield the floor, so that the
question now pending may be informally passed
over, and the Senate amendments to the Treas-
ury note bill be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I agree to that, if
the House consents.
There was no objection; and the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to the Treasury note bill.
The first amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike outgone handled," in line ten of the bill, and
inseitin lieu thereof " futy."
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill of the House pro-
vides that the Treasury notes to be issued shall
not be of a less denomination than $100. The
amendment of the Senate strikes that out, and
inserts the provision that they shall not be of a
less denomination than fifty dollars. I move that
the amendment bo concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
In section four. line nine, after the word " President,"
stuke out the words, <• to borrow from time to time, on the
best terms proposed, such >ums of money, upon the credit
of the notes auihoii^cd by this act, ushf may deem expe-
dient, alter havinggiven public notice of at least ten days,
of the sum or sums tequued, and inviting proposals there-
for, in newspapers published in the cities ot Washington
and New Yoik and m lieu thereof inseit:
'i'o is^ue so many of the notes heieby- authorized to be
issued a^ may amount to a sum not exceeding .$3,000,000,
at such rate of intcie^t as may be offered by the lowest
iespon«ibie biddei or bidders who may agree to take the
haul notes at par, after public advertisement of not Icsb than
ten days in such papers a* the Piesident may direct; the
•said advertisement to propose to i>s,uc such notes at pai to
thohe who may ofiei to take the same ar the lowest i.ite of
iutcie-it: but in deciding upon those bids, no fiaetions shall
be consulcied which may be less than one fouilh per cent,
per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. After a conference with the
members of the Senate Committee on Finance, I
offer the following amendment to the amendment
of the Senate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Stuke out the wotds " so many of."* and the wordsas
may amount to a sum not exceeding $3,000,000so that
it w 111 lead .
I To is-iue the notes hereby authorized to be issued at such
! late of interest as may be ofieied by the lowest responsible
i bidder ot bidders, who may agiec to take said notes at par,
| aftei public advertisement of not less than ten days in such
papers as the Piesident may direct; the said advorme-
! inent to piopo^e to issue such notes at par to those who
may oflei to lake the same at the lowc&t rate of interest;
but in deciding upon thos-o bids, no fiaetions shall be con-
sidered which may be of less than one fourth per centum
per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state to the House
that the House bill authorizes the President to
sell these notes at any rate under par, in order
to raise the money. The Senate have preferred,
however, in allowing the President to increase
the rate of interest, to require that all of the notes
shall be sold at par. They also authorize the
