1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
President to issue them at eight, nine, ten, or j
whatever other per cent, may be necessary to pro- I
duce the money. They also limit the amount to !
be issued bearing interest at a higher rate than j
six per cent, to §3,000,000. On consultation with |
the Secretary of the Treasury, it is found that ;
this limitation of $3,000,000 is too small; and my ;
amendment is submitted lor the purpose of obvi- ;
ating the difficulty. It authorizes the President '
of the United Slates to sell all of the Treasury
notes issued under this bill, if necessary, at a \
higher rate of interest than six per cent. ;
The question was taken, and the amendment |
to the Senate amendment was agreed to; and then
the Senate ame
curred in.
LAND CR.
^ndmcnt, as amended, was conyj
ANT TO KANSAS—AGAIN. \f
The SPEAKER. The House will now resume
the consideration of the Kansas railroad bill,
which was informally laid aside to take up the
amendments of the Senate to the Treasury note :
bilh ; !
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, we j
have spent in public lands and in money out of j
the State treasury of Missouri, about $15,000,000 ;
to build two railroads to the boundary of Kan- [
sas. One of these railroads is finished and doing i
business to the Kansas line. We ask no interest j
in the public lands in Kansas. All we do ask is, |
that we shall have the same accommodations there
in their lands that they have in ours. Allwea.sk i
is, that a hue of road running fifteen hundred
miles west, and terminating on the bank of the
Missouri river, at the city of St. Joseph, may be
extended throughliansas precisely in tnedirection ;
of the gold fields of the Pike's Peak and the Car-
son Valley regions. This road terminates within i
one mile of a straight due-east line from Denver .
City; and it is behoved, as near as the maps now 1
show it, that that line, if extended due west, would
run within one or two mih'S of Genoa, in Carson !
Valley. 1 ask any gontleman who advocates this :
bill reported by the committee, lo get up here 1
and give a single good reason for the load cross- '
ing the Missouri river at any other point than at
the terminus of the Hannibal and St. Joseph ra.l- [
road. I know that gentlemen may get up and
state that the Kansas Legislature will do right in
this matter; but 1 beg the House to recollect that
there may be combinations in that Legislature a:;
well as in otner places—that rival points may
combine in that Legislaiuie and do wrong to the
public. It has been done in other places; and it
is no slander upon the Kansas Legislature to say
that such a combination may be formed in Kan-
sas.
I ask the gentleman from Iowa, [Mi. Vande-
ver,] who reported this bill, why it is that the
committee can name an absolute connection with
the Pacific railroad at the mouth of the Kansas
river? Why is it that they can name an absolute
point for the starting of the Leavenworth road ?
Why do they not name the terminus of the Han-
nibal and vSt. Joseph railroad as the absolute
starting point for this road? 1 know that the
gentleman fiom Iowa has examined the map. I
have it now upon my desk. I can show any gen-
tleman of this House, who does not own a corner
lot anywhere along that river, that this project is j
intended, not by the committee—that the section, j
as it now c-tands, is intended—to force the thou- t
sands of travelers and the thousands of freights ;
twenty-two miles down the Missouri river after ;
it strikes that river and before it crosses and starts j
westward. That twenty-two miles has to he .
overcome to get back upon the line going to Den- •
vcr City or Fort Kearny. If to Fort Kearny, |
more than twenty-two miles has to be overcome, j
for Fort Kearny is to the north even of the point '
proposed by my amendment. I am ready to be 1
cross-examined by any gentleman who advocates i
this .section that I am trying to have stricken out. !
I ask any geniloman who advocates this section ;
as it now stands, to give this House a single ;
reason aside from that given by the gentleman ;
from Iowa. His reason is the true reason. The j
committee desued to get rid of the importunities ,
of the lobby. There is not a member of the Com- i
mitteeon Public Lands who will say—I defy any 1
one of th'Uii to say—upon the information that
they have had, that that road ought to cross the
Missouri liver at any other point than the one
named in my amendment. I believe every mem-
ber of the committee was convinced on that sub-
ject. I believe that they are as fully convinced
now; but these rival town-lot speculators have
so beset their committee-room that, to get rid of
them, the committee agreed to transfer the whole
question to the Kansas Legislature.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What about corner lots m
St. Joseph ? .
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. While I have an
interest in the city of St. Joseph, still I have a
larger interest in the town of Atchison, which is
to be helped by this section. By my amendment,
1 am trying to take away from the value of my
corner lots. I own no comer lots in Elwood, or
any other town which this road will touch. But
can the gentleman from Illinois say as much for
the men who, I know, have beset this Hall and
the committee-room ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I can say nothing for them;
but I can say that it strikes me that it will be safe
to leave the disposition of this land and the loca-
tion of this road to the Legislature of Kansas;
and it does not strike me as being right that Mis-
souri shoul'd arrange the matter for Kansas.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Missouri docs not
wish to arrange anything for Kansas: but I put
it to the gentleman from Illinois if he docs not
know that Kansas has been benefited by the
$9,000,000 which we have spent in making a road
to their border, and whether we should not have
some benefit of their money?
The road must start from one of the two towns
of Atchison or Elwood, and no other point of
departure is talked of; and the gentleman from
Illinois knows that, to start the road from Atchi-
son, you have got to go down by the Platte
country road to a point opposite that point, and
th^re transfer your passengers and freight, after
liding only twenty-two miles upon that road, to
this projected road for Kansas. Gentlemen know
that the amendment is intended for the benefit of
the public; that the section,as it now stands, will
throw us into the Kansas Legislature, where
Leavenworth, Quindaro, Wyandotte, Atchison,
and Elwood, will go into a general scramble.
And while I have no reflection to make upon the
Kansas Legislature which may be elected, 1 say
again, that no gentleman upon the committee or
off of it can give half us good a icason forstart-
i ing this road at any other point as I have given
for starting it from the terminus of the present
finished Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 rise for the purpose
of moving a reference of this bill back to the
Committee on Public Lands. I think the bill in
its present form is highly objectionable, and I
think the amendmcntof the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Craig] would not make it better, but
rather worse. Dui nig the last winter, as I under-
stand, a treaty was concluded with the Indian
tribes upon one of the reservations between the
town of Leavenworth and the town of Lawrence,
by which a portion of land was granted for build-
i ing a railroad from Leavenworth over substan-
: tially the same route mentioned in the bill reported
by the Committee on Public Lands. Therefore,
if this bill pass, you will grant to Leavenworth
a double grant of land. First, she will take land
under the treaty, and then under the provisions
of this bill.
Mr. PARROTT. Will the gentleman allow
mc to interrupt him?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
Mr. PARROTT. The gentleman has made a
mistake in the assertion which he has just made.
The treaty which passed the Senate last winter,
provided that the railroad company in Kansas
should have a certain quantity of land only by
buying it at an appraised valuation.
Mr.'MONTGOMERY. But at only a nom-
inal valuation, as the gentleman well knows.
Mr. PARROTT. And if they do not buy them,
they will have no right in that reservation, for
this bill gives them none. So the gentleman is
mistaken m both his statements; in the first placc,
that this bill gives them any land at all m the res-
ervation; and in the second place, that the treaty
gave them any land.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am not mistaken in
the main facts. It is true the railroad company
is to pay a nominal pi ice for the lands which they
receive under the Indian treaty, for the purpose
of building the railroad; but the price is only nom-
inal: and if Congiess passes this hill, they make
a new grant of land for a road over precisely the
same ground, and then Leavenworth, instead of
having seven miles of land on either side of the.
road, will have seven miles in addition to the land
procured by the Indian treaty. That is one ob-
jectionable point in the bill.
The ncxtobjectionable feature in it, if Itshould
be adopted, would be the amendment of the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Craig]
who has just now addressed the House. It is true
there is now a railroad completed from Hannibal
to St. Joseph, and it is one of the main trunk
roads on the central line from the East to the West.
But at the same time, it is also equally true that
the State of Missouri and the Territory of Kansas
have continued the road beyond St. Joseph eigh-
teen or twenty miles, and that the railroad from
Hannibal now terminates at Atchison, about fif-
teen miles further west than St. Joseph. There-
fore, if the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri were to be carried, Congress would be
appropriating land to build a road, fifteen miles
of which is already built by individual capital
and enterprise. And all this for the single and
simple purpose of giving an advantage to the town
of St. Joseph as the beginning point of the road;
for all know that Elwood is little more than a
sand-bar opposite to St. Joseph. When the cit-
izens of Missouri and of Kansas have, with their
own capital, extended this road fifteen miles fur-
ther west, what sense or propriety would there
be in appropriating land to render their labor and
capital valueless by building another road parallel
with it. Takedown the map and look at it, and
you find that the Missouri river, from the town
of St. Joseph to the town of Atchison, flows
substantially west; and you will also see that the
railroad runs parallel with the river. Atchison,
according to my computation, is at least fifteen
miles further west than St. Joseph, and the map
will bear me out. What reason, then, should
prompt us to grant lands to build two roads par-
allel with each other. The proposition, too, be-
comes more objectionable when we remember that
Atchison is a town of Kansas, in which these
lands arc proposed to be granted, and St. Joseph
is a town of Missouri which should have no more
to say in the starting point of these roads than any
town in any other State. And in addition, it
would not be doing justice to the citizens of Mis-
souri and Kansas, who have exhibited commend-
able zeal and patriotism in the construction of this
valuable extension of the Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad. These are some of my objections to
this bill and the amendments. And, with all re-
spect to the gentleman from Missouri, I consider
them good and substantial reasons. Yet the gen-
tleman informs us that nobody could give such
reasons.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I did not say no-
body could give a good reason. I said nobody
who does not own town-lots in Atchison. I ask
the gentleman if he comes within that category ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It is true, as the gen-
tleman suggests, that a small part of the small
property I own is in the town of Atchison; but I
cannot see how that affects the force of my argu-
ment. If my argument is correct, it matters noth-
ing whether I own some little property in Atchi-
son or not. 1 trust, Mr. Speaker, I am not
actuated by any personal interest in this matter
1 claim higher and purer motives as the moving
cause of my interest in the proper settlement of
this question. " Suspicious men are always to
be suspected;" so, at least, runs the old adage.
Tried by that rule, the gentleman from Missouri
would not be free from suspicion. For, he not
only-seems to suspect me, but he even charges
the Committee on Public Lands with reporting
this bill against their convictions of duty, and
against the justice in the case, merely to get rid
of the clamors of the lobby. I do not believe it.
The gentleman is mistaken. In his zeal to ad-
vance the interest of his town, he has forgotten
the courtesy of debate. In the name of the com-
mittee, I scout the insinuation. I know nothing
of the persons who pressed this matter on the at-
tention of the committee; I am sure I never did.
I never spoke to them on the subject while the
bill was m their hands. Can the gentleman from
Missouri say as much ?
It is a poor compliment to the intelligence and
integrity of the committee to make such charges
against them; and it is a poor compliment to the
