1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
it is a single volume, originally published at per-
haps $5. Take a Milton's Paradise Lost, the first
edition of which can bo purchased only at perhaps
$40, and you would impose a duty of 15 per cent,
on that; and yet one of these editions in this coun-
try, in the possession of a litterateur, is a treasure
which all his neighbors have, and which helps
literature, which helps ijftste, which advances civ-
ilization. I submit to my friend from Oregon that
he should withdraw his opposition to the propo-
sition which I now make, the resultof which will
be to throw open the gates as much as possible to
-these old books. I believe I have the assent of
my friend from Rhode Island to the proposition.
I understood that he consented to it; in short, I
believe I may say he made a positive agreement
to that effect; and I believe I must hold him to it.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I am very far
from blaming my distinguished friend from Mas-
sachusetts for exhibiting his devotion to books,
and to literature generally; but I do not think he
meets the objection which those who are opposed
to his views have presented to it. I will take now
his own illustration of an old edition of Milton
He said, if an old edition of Milton is imported
into the country, at a value of $400 
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; an old edition of
Shakspeare at that price.
Mr. BAKER. Well, better still; Shakspe«re,
at a value of $400; it will pay a duty of 15 per
cent., or $50, $60, or §80 on that. Very well; it
oughtto. Why? Because a new edition of Shaks-
pcare is better than any old one; and a man who
is fool enough to give $400 for what he can get for
$2, ought lo pay the duty. [Laughter.] The
reason is obvious: the annotations, the emenda-
tions and corrections of the text, and various other
things that he understands so much better than 1
do, benefit ihe book. An old edition, of the Bible
is not as good as a new one. An old edition of
any book, 1 think—speaking with great deference
to the Senator's opinion—is not as good as a new
one, supposing the text to be correct; and if my
friend were to read—as he does road with infinite
delight—Lycidas, Paradise Lost, Paradise Re-
gained, and the Mask, Comus, his delight will
not be lessened because the print is better in 'he
now book. Rather, I think, it will be increased,
for he and I are arriving at that time of life, when
the larger the print the better. [Laughter.] I
do not see any other reason that he has offered.
Now, my friend says that amateurs in this kind of
book knowledge buy the old books. They buy the
old wines, and they buy the old pictures, and they
buy everything that is old; and the older wo get,
the beltei we love most old things, not all; but 1
apprehend that is a taste, a fancy, sometimes an
imagination, which we ought to pay for.
But new, sir, treating the subject—for it is not
to me an unimportant one—more seriously, let me
ask the Senator from Massachusetts this; he ap-
peals to me from loyalty to my party, and above
that to the country, to vote for a tariff which our
enemies say is a protective tariff, taxing the com-
monest articles of life—tea, coffee, sugar, and iron
—and 1 follow his lead.
Mr. SUMNER. Not my lead.
Mr. BAKER, When I ask him to protect the
wool of Oregon 5 per cent., 1 cent a pound, the
$800,000,000 of manufactures in Massachusetts
arc endangered, and they will not do it; and yet
they ask me, having taxed tea,coffee, sugar, and
iron, all we use and almost all we want on the
Pacific slope, he asks me to let him have his old
books with bad print and bad paper, only valu-
able for the dust which has gathered upon them,
for book-lovers and book-fanciers, who value
books for what Doctor Johnson did not; because
Doctor Johnson said a book badly printed and
well bound was high treason against literature.
He asks me to please his fancy by not taxing a
thing that, in my judgment, is useless to almost
everybody in the world.
Knowledge that cannot be got anywhere else
than in a new book, such as I liad hoped Macau-
lay nuglu live to write, such as I hope Motley
will continue to write for twenty years to come-
to nsk me to let that in free of duty, would be
quite another thing; because that does carry out
the Senator's idea, that knowledge ought to run
through the earth, and be glorified and free; but
I submit to his better reflection, that an old book
is not necessarily knowledge, whether it be Mil-
ton, or Shakspeare, or Bacon, or Aristotle, or
Herodotus. I suppose that we understand them
better now by reading the new book than our
forefathers did by leading the old one. I appre-
hend that my distinguished friend would read the
late edition of Herodotus, of which I believe be
spoke to nie with great knowledge and acumen
yesterday, with much more delight than he would
the earlier one. I do not think I vanquish him
often on these illustrations; but I think I do on
this; and I hope the Senate will hold him to the
idea that old books ought to pay a higher duty
the older they are.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator entirely, that new books oughtto be
favored. I regret that this bill does not favor
them. All will bear witness that my vote has not
been wanting when the proposition was made to
favor them. I agree with the Senator in his main
proposition, in what he starts with; but as lean-
not secure that favor for new books, or indeed for
all books, I ask the Senate to grant it to certain
books that have been already printed thirty years;
and I make that request on the simple ground that
those books do not come into competition with
American books. The argument for imposing
the duty on new books is, that they do come into
competition with American books. The books
that have been printed thirty years do not come
into such competition. I say, therefore, open the
door to them; let us have them here, as many as
come; and let us encourage their coming; do not
stop the way; do notimpose, unnecessarily, a tax
upon knowledge.
The Senator suggests that these old books are
not the books that we wish to read. Did I un-
derstand him alight?
Mr. BAKER. Old editions.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, the old editions. Do
I understand the Senator as suggesting that an
edition thirty years old is notone that we wish to
use? For instance, an edition of Hume, of Gib-
bon, of Goldsmith, of Dr. Johnson, whom he
quotes so affectionately; does he suggest that such
an edition is notone that we wish to read? I be-
lieve the contrary. I believe that those are the
very editions of these authors that all of uswould
rather lead; and I think that we shall confer a
favor on all book readers, on all students in the
country, if wo open the door to them as wide as
possible. 1 have no interest in this matter, ex-
cept to promote the cause of letters, as I under-
stand it; and I submit that that, in a humble
measure, will be advanced by allowing those
books that have been printed thirty years to come
in duty free. 1 therefore ask the Senate to non-
concur in the amendment.
Mr. CLINGM AN. What the Senator from
Oregon lias said so nearly meets my views, that
I only wish to add a single remark. I not only
fully agree with him that new books are better
than old, and intended to have said the same thing
with a similar illustration, if I had got the floor
before; but there is nothing in an old book of
value that has not been republished in our time.
If-all the books one hundred years old were de-
stroyed, no valuable knowledge would be lost.
The idea that they are mere cuiiosities, is the very
reason why I wish to tax them. If a man will
pay a largo sum of money for an old Roman coin,
or for any other curiosity, why should he not
contribute a portion of that to the support of the
Government?
The policy, as I understand it, of those who
are opposed to us is, first, to benefit wealthy men
who collect curiosities; and, second, to benefit
booksellers, by protecting books. The people
who read the books, who need them for knowl-
edge, are not to be considered at all. You are to
protect booksellers, enabling them to make lartrer
profits off the community, and you are to relieve
those gentlemen of wealth who wish to collect
curiosities. That represents the system which is
maintained on the other side of the House. It
is not really to diffuse knowledge; and I do not
admit that, by leaving books to come in free, you
thereby diffuse knowledge, if you tax everything
else oppressively. If a man in moderate circum-
stances is obliged to pay an enormous tax on the
necessaries of life, he is unable to spend on knowl-
edge. If you take all his income from him to
support himself and his family, he cannot afford
to buy books. It is idle to make books cheap to
him. The true policy which we ought to main-
tain should be to leave the necessaries of life as
free as possible; and whether you throw the tax
upon books or not, is immaterial. I insist that
the most proper subjects of all for taxation are
those luxuries which are mere curiosities.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not intend to engage in
this discussion as to the relative merits of old and
new books. I am in favor of the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, for the reason as-
signed by the Senator from North Carolina for op-
posing it. I think that those matters which are cu-
riosities: such as old books, old coin, old paintings,
and works ofart, ought to be permitted to come into
the country free'of duty. I believe it is the pol-
icy of all nations to encourage the introduction
of works of art, and'those collections of curious
things that are to be found in museums. I think
we oughtto encourage museums, libraries, collec-
tions ofart, and everything that tends to the cul-
tivation of taste, and thatenables our own citizens
to witness those collections at home, instead of
compelling them, for that purpose, to go to foreign
countries. Old books may become very essential
to a historian in this country, to any man inves-
tigating matters of science. You may compel him
to leave his own country,in orderto conduct those
investigations which ought to be made at home.
I am not willing to deprive our libraries of the
opportunity of getting specimens of old books. I
would vote to admit works of art free. I wish we
could get a model of every work of art, a cast of
every piece of ancient statuary, a copy of every
valuable painting and rare book, so that our art-
ists might pursue their studies and exercise their
skill at home, and that ourhterary men might not
be exiled in the pursuits which bless mankind.
The Senator from Oregon admits the propriety
of this argument as a question of protection, but
ho objects on the ground of revenue. I submit
to that Senator, that ihe revenue derived from the
importation of such works will not pay the ex-
pense of the time wo consume in this discussion.
It is a simple question whether we shall discour-
age the introduction of these works, which will
be a deprivation to the country.
Mr. GREEN. One word only. Ifaworkhas
been published thirty years, and has not been in-
tioduced into the United States, it is sufficient
evidence that it is not fit to come here. I am nofe
talking about old manuscripts and obsolete works,
but works published thirty years since, and never
introduced into the United States. If they have
been introduced, the reprint here is better than
the original print in the foreign country. Let us
therefore stand by this bill as it is in this respect.
I am not going to talk about taxing knowledge.
It is such a doubtful commodity that I should not
know whether to make the tax specific or ad lalo-
rcm, [laughter,] and I should have to hunt for
examiners to appraise it and put it at the proper
grades, and those examiners themselves would
have to be subjected to the same process. Hence,
thisidea of taxing knowledge will notdo. Knowl-
edge is not in books; knowledge is in the brain.
The sources of information may be in books; and
when that information is collected, and treasured
up, and appropriated, and used, it is knowledge;
but in the book itself, it is not knowledge
Talk about taxing civilization I I have heard
that woid civilization very often, and I should hke
to have a definite understanding as to its meaning.
; To be civil, to be gentlemanly, to be courteous,
it not he barbarous—is that civilization ? It cannot
mean Christianity. It cannot mean that high ad-
vance towards the angelic form to which human
nature is destined. What, then, does it mean?
It is used as clap-trap by men who are presum-
ing to literature, ostensibly claiming a little ad-
vance beyond other men. All who buy these old
manuscripts, who hunt them up, and pay from '
$400 to <£400 for them at book auctions in Lon-
don and in Paris, do it from pride, and from noth-
ing else. They want the name of having paid
the highest price for an old manuscript or an old
book. It is the^ merest vanity in the world; no
useful purpose is accomplished by it, nor any
good to the human family; no advance in human
development, in intellect or physics or otherwise
is accomplished by it; but a poor, miserable, and,
I would say, contemptible vanity of having paid
the highest price for an old book is gratified. Men
who will do it ought to pay their ordinary taxes;
we do not propose to tax them higher than other
people. On their useful books for their school
boys and their school girls, we are willing simply
