1052
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
•whole American continent into one commercial
■anion for commercial purposes, without interfer-
ing in the slightest degree with the political insti-
tutions or domestic policy of the different coun-
• tries within it? They have overcome all the
difficulties growing out of the practical working
of such a system in Germany, where they were a
thousand fold greater than they would be in this
country; for in the German alliance they have
every form of government, large States and small
ones; some formed on the republican system;
large kingdoms, like Prussia, Saxony, and Bava-
ria, with the small duchies, like Baden-Baden; yet
all embraced in one system. It is one country for
commercial purposes. There is free intercourse,
-free trade between them all; thus wiping out all
the asperities and irritations that had grown up
for hundreds of years, until Germany is being
gradually molded and formed into one people,
without interfering at all with the form of Gov-
ernment, or the political institutions, or the do-
mestic policy of any one of the parties to the com-
mercial union.
The advantages to our own country of such a
union of ail countries embraced within .North
America must be obvious to every one. It would
restore and preserve amity and good faith between
the people of all the countries who became parties
to it. It would eradicate all the jealousies and hos-
tilities which have been engendered by lawless
filibustering expeditions, and put an end to all
outrages of that kind in the future. It would ex-
tend ou r commerce, navigation, and carrying trade,
while it would open up new and extensive mar-
kets for our manufactures and agricultural pro-
ducts. Itwould impart stability, permanence, and
-uniformity to our Commercial system. It would
afford more efficient, certain, and valuable pro-
tection to American industry than all the protect-
ive tariffs that Congress can devise.
While it would be beneficial to all the indus-
trial and material interests of the United States,
it'requires no argument to prove that it would be
equally advantageous to all other countries who
should becomc parties to such a commercial ar-
rangement. Each would furnish a market for the
productions of the other, and bo mutually bene-
fited by the reciprocal exchange. And above all,
it would furnish a bond of perpetual peace and alli-
ance amougall the American countries, and make
us one people for all purposes of national defense,
when either might be unjustly assailed by any
European Power.
It is a matter worthy of serious consideration,
whether the American commercial union, in ad-
dition to the tariff duties, should not be author-
ized to take cognizance of a light-house system,
copyrights for books, patents for in vent ions, postal
regulations, telegraphs, and a uniform systemNof
weights and measures, coinage, and such other
regulations as may from time to time be. found
necessary to the freedom and convenience of the
commercial and social intercourse, without dis-
turbing the domestic policy or political institu-
tions of the countries composing the union.
I do not propose that we should initiate a pol-
icy that would annex any of these countries to
the United States. I do not propose that our pol-
icy should interfere, in the slightest degree, with
the forms of government, with the political inter-
ests, or will) the domestic policy of any of the
States or countries within North America; but
that we should make a commercial arrangement
with them, by which we would derive all the ad-
vantages of a commercial union, without being
encumbered with the embarrassments, the irrita-
tions, and divisions growing out of adverse and
conflicting domestic policies and political institu-
tions. Sir, the difficulties we have had, growing
out of thjs slavery question and the continual an-
nexation of countries adjoining us to the Ameri-
can Union, ought to warn us of the dangers of
trying to extend the samesortof domestic policy,
the same system of political institutions, over
countries and people who are not homogeneous
with ourselves; but if we can secure the advant-
ages of free trade, of unrestricted commercial and
social intercourse—if we can be one country for
the purpose of commerce and navigation and pos-
tal arrangements, telegraphic and social inter-
course—we will derive all the advantages, with-
out incurring the disadvantages that might grow
out of a political union.
It is also worthy of consideration, whether such
ai commercial union may not facilitate a peaceful
and satisfactory solution of all our difficulties
with the seceding States.
I am throwing out these suggestions merely for
the purpose of inviting the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the country to them; not with any ex-
pectation that they will be adopted at the present
session of Congress. I think, if we could post-
pone this tariff until the next session, and in the
mean time devote ourselves to the investigation
of the affairs of the entire American continent as
they now exist, we might mature some plan by
which free States and slave States will live in har-
mony together, by which our neighbors upon the
north, owing allegiance to the British Crown,
may havea common interestand a common sym-
pathy with us in all of our commercial interests,
without disturbing their political institutions; an
arrangement by which we may avail ourselves of
the markets for nine million people in Mexico;
markets for our manufactures, markets for our
agricultural productions, without being incum-
bered with the political government of the coun-
try; a system which would be beneficial to all
parties engaged in it without impairing the sov-
ereignty, the independence, and the integrity of
the territories of any one of the countries that
should become parties to it. In my opinion, such
a system would combine the advantages of polit-
ical community without drawing after it those
irritating subjects that are now disturbing this
country, and in imminent danger of plunging us
into civil war, revolution, and final separation.
If the peace of this country is to be preserved, if
we can avoid the spilling of blood among our
neighbors, give time to reflect upon the present
state of things, study the causes which have
brought the country to this distraction. I have
hope we may mature a system of commercial
union that will cover the whole American conti-
nent; make us one people in interest, in commerce,
and one people for national defense when either
of us arc assailed; yet several people with refer-
ence to onrdomesticand our political institutions.
My object, sir, is accomplished. It was sim-
ply to throw out the suggestion; to invite atten-
tion to it; and to ask the Senate to pause before
it adopts n system of revenue that will inflame the
passions of those States that are now discontented
and dissatisfied, and see if there is not open to
us a path of peace, by which bloodshed shall be
avoided, and the peace of the country preserved,
the Union maintained in its entire integrity, and a
commercial system that will make us one country
on the whole American continent for all its ad-
vantages, without bringing in those disturbing
elements that are now threatening to dissolve the
Union that our fathers made for us.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I might, for
myself, forego any notice of the remarks of the
Senator from Illinois; but I stand here represent-
ing what I know to be the sentiments of my State;
and because I represent the sentiments of. my
State, as well known to me, I shall vote for this
bill; but, sir, I do not intend that the Senator from
Illinois, 01- any other Senator, shall put me in the
attitude of willfully and deliberately adding to the
excitement of the country, or doing anything cal-
culated further to alienate the people and separate
the States; nor can my State be put in that atti-
tude. I do not believe there is a State in this Union
to-day where the warmest and most enthusiastic
desire for the continuance of this Confederacy
prevails to a greater extent than in the State of
Pennsylvania; and yet, they do not understand
that, by changing the revenue laws to arrest the
creation of debt, they arc adding anything to in-
flame the land, or dissatisfy any class of people.
It requires no argument to show the absolute ne-
cessity of increased rates of duty in order to meet
the exigencies of the public Treasury and to
arrest the creation of debt. But the distinguished
Senator from Illinois thinks the consideration of
this hill is calculated to increase the excitement
in the country; and therefore he will not vote for
it. Forthwith, the honorable Senator presents to
the consideration of the country afar more novel,
extended, and complicated system. Will not that
excite the country also? The Senator from Illi-
nois further states that he will not vote for the bill
before the Senate; but he will vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS, And then against both.
Mr. BIGLER. And then against, both, the
Senator says. Well, I did not hear that part of
the Senator's remark. I will confess to him, very
frankly, that that qualification takes away a part
of my argument. I was going to say, sir, that,
complaining of the duties imposed by this.bill, he
was about to vote for an amendment in which the
duties were quite as strong as in the pending bill.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] shakes
his head. I know he differs with me in opinion;
and I do not know any way on the face of the
eartl) that we can settle it. Perhaps he is right.
It may be that the duties are higher in this bill
than those of the tariff of 1846. I have endeav-
ored , however, to some extent, to satisfy myself
on that point.
But, sir, what I want to say mainly is this: the
people of this country are too sensible to become
excited, unless they can see there is some sufficient
cause for it. They will not be excited because of
the mere change of the mode of assessing duties.
I can show the Senator from Illinois a carefully-
prepared table of the rates of the ad valorem duties
in the tariff of 1846, reduced to specifics, on the
great staple which I represent here. His people
will not become excited because, under this bill,
they are required to pay a little less revenue than
they paid formerly. The people of no southern
State will be excited because of that fact. Now,
sir, here are these rates, taking the whole im-
portations under the tariff of 1846, and reducing
30 per cent, to specifics on these articles; and I
will show you that it is less than the amount of
duty on the specific quantity charged in this bill.
Take railroad iron. The average specific duty
under the tariffof 1846 would be §1152; and under
the pending bill it is §12. That is a fraction
higher. On bar iron, which composes 80 per cent,
of the iron imported, the specific duty under the
tariff of 1846 amounted to $15 76 per ton; and the
bill pending proposes to charge $15. This fact
will not excite anybody. Then, on pig metal,
which is the next principal article, the average
duty was $5 72 under the tariff of 1846; the bill
pending puts the duty at §6 per ton. I could go
through with all these items of iron; but that
would, perhaps, be unnecessary. I have a table
here coming down to a later period, including two
years of the present duty, which makes it on bar
iron §15 66.
Now, sir, I do not suppose the Senator from
Illinois has the slightest inclination—I know he
has not—to add unnecessarily to any complaint
that may grow out of this new revenue system.
That it is a very easy matter to find objection to it,
I agree. I can make a successful issue against
any tariff that has ever been in existence; but there
is a pressing necessity, which the Senator will per-
ceive, for increasing rates of duty Ho kijows,
too, that this is no new opinion with me. I have
said from the beginning that 14| percent., the
rates charged in the present tariff, will not sustain
the Government. I reassert it; afld while I agree
that this is an inauspicious time to regulate a rev-
enue system, because of the troubles in our'coun-
try, I do not feel that they necessarily preventus,
or should necessarily arrest the alteration of the
system, so f^j as thedemandsof the Treasury are
pressing.
1 am aware that my Democratic friends on this
subject generally assume that a specific tariff must
be a protective tariff, and an ad valorem tariff
must be necessarily only a revenue tariff. There
could be no greater fallacy or misapprehension
of the^cfuestion. An ad valorem duty may be a
protective duty, may be a prohibitory duty, or
may be siiltply a revenue duty. So, also, as to a
specific charge upon the quantity; it may be one
or the other, depending entirely upon the rate.
Now, to a very large extent, the bill pending
makes the charge specific upon quantity, while
the present tariff law charges an ad valorem upon
the value. There arc-fair grounds of complaint
against both; but in my humble judgment, the
specific, so far as you can apply it with any rea-
sonable equality, is the better of the two.
In the first place, the Senator conceded, the other
day, that it guards against frauds, and that there
are frauds manifestly practiced under the present
system. T can show them here in the moststart-
ling form. I will not enter on that question to-
day; but I say it has greater stability and greater
certainty as a revenue"policy. The Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Huntf.r.J at the last session, took
precisely the reverse ground. I say it requires no
