m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
internal improvement. I particularly ask^ the
attention of the House to the statement. It is as
follows:
jl table of public lands granted to the several States and Ter-
ritories hy Congress, compiled from Executive Documents.
(Thirty-Fifth Congress, Executive Document House of
Representatives, first session, No. 68; Thirty-Third Con-
gress, Executive Document House of Representatives, first
session, No. 52.) ,
States.
Ohio 
Indiana
Illinois......
Missouri 
Alabama.. ...
Mississippi..
Louisiana ..
Michigan...
Arkansas...
Florida 
Iowa 
Wisconsin..
Tennessee..
Minnesota..
California ..
Internal
improve-
ments.
Swamp
lands.
Other
purposes.
1,243,003
1,609,561
2,593,053
2,315,435
2,832,918
2,187,503
1,602,560
. 4,346,000
. 3,956,000
. 2,122,800
4,841,078
. 2,692,171
32,448
1,250,937
1,833,412
4,064,788
2,595
2,834,090
10,910,792
7,273,724
8,026,358
11,630,271
1,739,505
2,350,000
9,584,179
1,178,782
1,813,279
2,630,714
1,171,805
1,764,672
2,933,439
1,290,358
1,235,437
4,756,791
1,015,530
1,093,393
3,553,824
. 4,916,000
1 irsl
5,089,244
500,000
} ?■? {
6,765,404
Aggregate.
10,861,420
3,839 614
6,241,744
8,990,937
4,014,318
6,776,292
15,447,791
12,910,082
13,218,796
18,509,862
7,596,113
6,135,564
3,553,824
10,005,244
7,265,404
Now, sir, it is respectfully submitted to the
consideration of Congress, whether Kansas and
Nebraska ought not, in justice, to be placed on an
equal footing with other States and Territories in
relation to their internal improvements, by grants
of the public lands in accordance with the long-
established practice of the Government. I think
that they ought. This having become the settled
policy of the Government, my own opinion is
that it would be illiberal, unfair, and unjust to the
new Territories to refuse to grant them what we
have granted to all the other new land States and
Territories of the United States. There is no
reason why the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas should not have railroad grants to the
sameextentas Iowa and Wisconsin and the other
northwestern States.
Mr. Speaker, these reasons have induced me to
favor this proposition. Ever since I have been
a member of this House I have uniformly given
my vote in favor of liberal grants of the public
lands for the purposes of internal improvement.
After you go one hundred miles west of the Mis-
souri river, these lands in Nebraska, as they now
are, are in fact totally worthless. They cannot
be sold by the Government; but by making this
little grant for the purpose of constructing this
great national thoroughfare, which is to unite the
Atlantic and the Pacific slopes, you will make
the lands on each side of the road valuable. They
will then be brought into market, and the alternate
sections reserved to the Government will soli at
the increased price of 50 per acre. If it were
not for the construction of the road, the lands
would remain for long years unsold and totally
worthless to the Government. I take it for granted
that the Government makes money by this oper-
ation. I can give an illustration in the case of
Illinois. The State of Illinois hay sold millions
of acres of the public land lying in the very midst
of her vast plains at $2 50 per acrc, which never
would have been sold but for the grant made to
her of alternate sections for the purpose of con-
structing? railroads.
My friend from Illinois tells me that those lands
had been in market unsold for thirty years before
the grant was made. He will correct me if I am
mistaken, when I state that under the grant made
to his State have been constructed nearly eight
hundred miles of railroad. They have constructed
railroads tlnough prairies wheie the lands would
not have been sold for fifty years if they had not
been constructed. Every acre of the reserved
alternate sections has been sold at $2 50, which
is double the minimum price fixed by (he Gov-
ernment. I am told that those very lands cannot
be bought to-day for less than from fifieen to
twenty dollars an acre. I can give an illustration
from my own State. Many years ago, the Con-
gress of the United States granted one million six
hundred thousand acres of the public land for the
purpose of constructing the Wabash and Eric
canal, by which grant that canal was constructed:
and it is now the longest canal upon the face of
the globe. The reserved sections of land were
increased in value, and they have continued to
increase in value, until to-day they are worth from
ten to twenty-five dollars per acre. They have thus
been increased in value because of the construc-
tion of that canal. And I understand, sir, that an
arrangement was made by the people of Illinois,
by which the railroad company undertook to con-
struct the road under the grant from the United
States and to give to the State one seventh of the
gross receipts from the railroad, which amount
goes annually into the treasury of the State. I
am informed that it amounted during the last year
to between one hundred and fifty and two hun-
dred thousand dollars; enough, sir, to pay the
whole State expenses, if managed economically.
Mr. Speaker, I do notintend to detain the House
much longer. Every gentleman here who has
been a member of this House for a number of
years, fully understands this proposition, and is
ready to vote on it. I desire the vote to be taken
to-day. I trust that the House will not recommit
this bill to the Committee on Public Lands. We
have had these bills before us for the past four
years; and if gentlemen wait for conflicting and
contending interests to settle these questions, they
will have to wait until doomsday before that is
done. If this bill were recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands,the probabilityis—I think
I may say that the certainty is—that no change
would be made by that committee. I therefore
ask the House not to recommit this bill which
grants lands to theTerntory of Kansasfor railroad
purposes. Let us vote on it now. I know not
what may be the temper of this Housein reference
tograntinglandsfor railroad purposes, and I care
not what it is. 1 am here to discharge ray duty
as a member of the Committee on Public Lands,
and as a member of this House. As a member
of the committee, 1 have already discharged my
duty, and I now desire to discharge my duty as a
member of this House. I am ready to take the
vote, and I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be on
recommitting the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the call for the
previous question be seconded, will it apply to
the whole bill.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SMITH, of Viiginia. I hope, then, that
it will be voted down.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the call for the previous question for
five minutes, to allow me to make an explanation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I would be glad to
accommodate both the gentleman from Virginia
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but I sec
that, unless the previous question is now called
and insisted on, this debate will run on to an un-
necessary length. I therefore refuse to withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The country ought
to know that these bills are sprung upon us sud-
denly, and then attempted to be rushed through
under the gag of the previous question. This bill,
upon which we are now called to vote, has never
been referied to the Committee of the Whole on
the Stale of the Union.
The call for the previous question was second-
ed, and the main question ordered.
The question being on the resolution to com-
mit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands—
The SPEAKER ordered fellers, and appointed
Mr. Craig, of Missouri, and Mr. Btrnham.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 63.
"So the motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patten, one of their Clerks, informing the
House thnt the Senate had passed a bill (No.
518) for the relief of William A. Linn's estate,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HASKINS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Printing of this House to report
a resolution, in connection with a communication
from the Superintendent of Public Printing, and
a communication from Messrs. Larcombc & Eng-
lish, who have been doing the printing of the
House. I ask that the two letters be read, and
then the resolution.
The letters were read, as follows:
Office Superintendent Public Printing,
Washington, December 10,1860.
Sir : The continued absence from this city of Thomas
H. Ford, Esq., House Printer, and the refusal of Messrs.
Lai combe & English, who executed for him the printing
ordered at the last session ot Congiess, to continue that
airangement,make it my duty to communicate the facts to
the House of Representatives, and to respectfully request
its direction as to the printing of the present session,acon-
siderable portion of which is now in this office, the imme-
diate completion of which is urgently required by the exi-
gencies of the public service.
The reasons of Messrs. Larcombe & English for the
course they have puisucd are assigned in the accompany-
ing letter. * It is bat justice to them to state that the work
intrusted to them heretofore by this ofiice has been exe-
cuted promptly and satisfactorily.
In tins connection, I deem it proper to state that, in pur-
suance of the provisions of the joint resolution in relation
to the public printing, approved June 23, 1860, 1 have en-
tered into a contract with Mr. Joseph T. Crowell for the
purchase of the printing establishment formerly owned by
Mr. Cornelius Wendell, which contract I have transmitted
to the Joint Committee on the Public Printing. Should it
meet their approval, the entire printing and binding of .all
the hianches of Government, or any portion thereof, can
at once be executed under its own control, and by its own
officers. The expediency and propriety of such a policy I
have heretofore strongly advocated, and recent experience
has but strengthened my convictions upon the subject.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOIIN HEART, Superintendent.
Hon. William Prnnington,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Washington, D. C., December 8,1860.
Sir: Having executed the printing of the Hou^e of Rep-
resentatives for the first session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, under u contract or paitner&hip with Thomas II.
Ford, House Printer, and, as we trust and believe, to your
entire satisfaction, we deem it due to you to infonn you
that we cannot any longei continue our contract with the
House Printer.
The reason for taking this step lies in the fact thatCon-
gress, at the last session, reduced the prices to be paid for
the printing forty per cent, below the prices paid at the
time we made our contract with the present House Printer,
leaving barely enough, as we believe, to pay the actual cost
of the work.
While, therefore, we would be willing to execute the
printing for the House of Representatives directly, for the
prices now allowed by law, we cannot consent to do it for
any mteiniediate party.
We aic anxious to keep our ofiice employed ; our rela-
tions to those who constitute the establishment impel us
to obtain all the work wc can ; but it could not be expected
of us to execute it at a sacrifice.
We aie, very respectfully, your obedient servants,
LARCOMBE & ENGLISH.
John Heart, Esq., Superintendent of Public Printing.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Printing be
authorized and directed forthwith to contract with com-
petent and responsible parties for the execution of the
printing of the House of Representatives, ordered or to be
ordered, the present session, at prices not exceeding those
now authorized by law.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (S.
No. 82) to amend the fourtn section of the/act
for the admission of Oregon into the Union,Jo as
to extend the time for selecting saH^prinajs and
| contiguous lands in Oregon; when the Speaker
! signed the same. * /
! PUBLIC PRINTING AGAIN^f
j Mr. HASKIN. It will be seen that the reso-
| lution proposed by the committee provides that
j the Superintendent of Public Printing, who, under
: the law cieating his office, is the officer contem-
1 plated to do the thing where neglect takes place
i upon the part of the Pi inter of the House, shall
: proceed to sec that the printing required by the
'' law-making power of tins Government shall be
i forthwith attended to. Inasmuch as if has been
1 stated by the friends of Mr. Ford, the Printer of
, the House, that he is absent, and is detained m
' consequence of illness, the resolution which the
! Committee on Printing at one time thought of
| proposing, declaring his office vacant, has not
; been submitted to the consideration of the House.
The exigency of the printing requires that prompt
action'should be had; and the committee deemed
! that the resolution which has been reported from
the committee is aH-sufii,cient to have the matter
promptly attended to.
; I call the previous question upon the passage
j of the resolution.
! Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
! will not call the previous question.
' Mr. BURNETT. I ask the House to vole
