1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14*
argument to sustain my position. The simple
statement of the nature of the case makes it con-
clusive; and why ? Becausc the ad valorem system
is subject to the fluctuations of quantity as well
as the fluctuations of price; whereas the specific
mode of charges is subject to the fluctuations of
quantity only. The Government gets a larger
amount of revenue when the quantity of importa-
tion is large. The quantity of importation might
be really large under the ad valorem system, and
the revenue less, because of the depreciation of
price. Therefore, as a system of stability, it is
preferable.
But, sir, what is more unfortunate in our ex-
perience is this: that prices are always highest
when importations are largest; and therefore, the
great tendency is to fluctuation. The system fa-
cilitates fluctuation from one extreme to the other.
For instance: when goods are at a very high price,
owing to some bank expansion, or commercial
expansion, and importations are large, the Gov-
ernment, under the ad valorem system, comes in
and makes the largest charge upon the quantity.
When iron, under the tariff of 1846, ran down
to $40 a ton, the duty under that system was $12.
When it ran up to $60, the Government came in
and charged $18 a ton, still heightening the price
and burdeningthe consumer—the producer being
already abundantly cared for; and the same is
the effect upon the Treasury.
That is the ground of complaint by men in my
State, who do not ask any favor or any protection.
They want a system of stability; and they say
that this mode faeilitatcs fluctuation from one
extreme to the other; that the incidental aid they
get under the system comes to them in the inverse
ratio of the necessity which exists for it. When
they need most, they get least; when they need
least  they get most. That is their ground of
complaint. Furthermore, they prefer the specific
mode, because it docs bear heavier on an article
of an inferior kind. It is the true policy of the
country to exclude an inferior article of iron or of
steel, or of anything else, because it is a fraud upon
the consumer*, and a wrong upon the producer
here. So far as that inequality m the operation
of the bill is concerned, 1 acknowledged its "ex-
istence. I do not agree, as 1 said the other day,
to ti policy that would charge a higher percentage
upon coarse, common articles,good of their kind,
consumed by the poor. That would be an entirely
different system.
But the Senator from Illinois may say, very
justly, he has not entered into this argument;and
1 am not properly replying to him. I only as-
sume, from what I'have seen, that my friends here,
with whom I have so universally cooperated on
almost every other question, seem to think that
the duties in the bill are necessarily protective, be-
cause they are to some extent specific. It is right
to say that far more of the duties, after all, are ad
valorem than specific; but, so far as specific charges
upon the quantity could be applied to leading ar-
ticles, they have been. I shall not pursue this
subject further.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is under a great misapprehension if he sup-
poses that I intended to imply that Pennsylvania
was improperly pursuing such a course as to in-
crease the irritation in the country. Par be it
from me to cast any such imputation upon his
State. 1 do not think it would have been just, if
it had been done by anybody. Pennsylvania, m
regard to the tariff, is only pursuing that course
that she thinks her interest, in common with the
interest of the whole country, requires her to pur-
sue: and I will say to that Senator, that the duties
in this bill, in respect to iron, commend themselves
to my judgment and to my feelings, betterthan
almost any other portion of the bill. The inter-
ests of Pennsylvania, so far as coal and iron are
concerned, are not peculiar to that State. The
iron and coal interest, beginning in Pennsylvania,
stretches westward through the mountains of
Maryland and Virginia and Carolina, Tennessee
and Kentucky, and also embraces southern Ohio,
southern Indiana, southern Illinois, and a large
portion of Missouri. What are the interests of
Pennsylvania to-day in regard to iron will be the
interests of the rest of that great iron belt, five,
ten, fifteen, and twenty years hence. I cannot
close my eyes to the fact, that all the southern
portion of the Northwest, and the northern por-
tions of the slaveholding States, have a common
interest, and will have a common sympathy with
Pennsylvania, so far as the iron interest is con-
cerned, just as fast as our means and natural re-
sources are cultivated. Hence, sir, it would be
far from me to cast any imputation upon that
State, or upon the great interest she has so much
at stake in this tariff.
But my objection was, that it was an unfortu-
nate time to bring in a tariff billso repugnant to
the feelings of those States which are already ir-
ritated to the point of separating from us on other
causes. It was merely adding more to the irrita-
tion; and I would have wished, therefore, itcould
have laid over for another year, and for the rea-
sons I have already suggested, hut will not argue,
in the remarks I have already submitted. I did
not expcct action at this time upon the ideas that
I threw out; they are mere suggestions. I think
we have arrived at that period when we must en-
large our commercial policy. I think an Ameri-
can commercial Union, embracing the whole of
North America, would afford more protection to
the manufacturing interest, the agricultural inter-
est, and to every other material interest of this
country, at lower duties, than any other system
that has been suggested, or that can be devised.
But I will not occupy the time of the Senate in
enlarging upon it. France and England are now
negotiating commercial treaties with a view to
removing restrictions and making those two coun-
tries one, so far as commerce and trade are con-
cerned. They have difficulties there to encounter
that do not exist upon this continent. Those
old countries in Europe who have their heredi-
tary prejudices running through centuries, who
have their vested right of tolls upon rivers and com-
mercial channels of intercourse, which cannot be
divested without compensation, have to overcome
and surmount difficulties in introducing free trade
between themselves which we do not encounter
in this country. I am in hopes that instead of
turning our attention to war, to the marshaling of
armies, to making conquests among our own peo-
Ele at home, w« shall begin to devise some system
y which we can save the American Union, and
avoid the rocks upon which we have been here-
tofore in danger of wrecking the ship of State,
and deriving all the advantages of free commerce
without bringing these disturbing elements within
our limits.
I believe this can be done; and I think this is
a favorable time to inaugurate it. I would rejoice
if the incoming Administration would immortal-
ize itself by carrying out a system that would re-
store pcimanent peace and amity among all the
people upon this continent. It must be done by
treaty; by negotiation. It may be arranged by
commissioners, subject to the ratification of this
body; and I will cooperate with any man and all
men of all parties in devising and maturing any
system of public policy that will preserve the in-
tegrity of the American Union, and enlarge its
sphere of influence and guarantee us centuries of
peace, by which we may be one people in inter-
est, without interfering with the domestic concerns
and political policy of our neighbors.
Mr. HALE. I want to come back, sir, to the
practical matter before us. 1 suppose it is in or-
der to move to amend the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment.
Mr. HALE, On the 53d page, one hundred and
eightieth line, in the free list, there is this clause:
Panning and statuary, the production of American art-
ists residing ahroad, and ail other paintings and statu-
ary 
Mr. SUMNER. There is a proviso
Mr. HALE. Yes:
Provided, The same be imported in jjood faith, as objects
of taste and not of merchandise.
I move to strike out the words, u and all other
paintings and statuary." That would leave paint-
ings and statuary, the production of American
artists residing abroad, imported in good faith, as
objects of taste and not of merchandise, to come
in free. Then I move to insert the words, " other
paintings or statuary, not the production of
American artists residing abroad," on the 30th
page, between the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth
lines, so as to leave statuary and paintings, the
production of American artists residing abroad,
when imported as objects of taste and not of mer-
chandise, free, and other paintings and statuary
subject to a duty of 10 per cent. i
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator hasmad^e
his motion under ft misapprehension/ If-hVwili
look at page 32 of tWbill^in line seventy-five, ih
the list that pays 10 per cent-., he will find:
Paintings and statuary, not otherwise provided for. '
Mr. HALE. Thei* there is more need o/'my
amendment now than ever; because it is provjdea
here that they may come in.free.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon-
It is simply provided that they may come in free,
" provided the same be imported in good faith-, as
objects of taste, and not of merchandise."
Mr. HALE. As I see these words are inserted
in the 10 per cent, schedule, I do not move to in-
sert anything, but simply to strike out the words
" and all other paintings and statuary," on page
53,.line one hundred and eighty-one.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us understand precisely
the effect of that amendment. It is simply,to de-
clare that paintings and statuary, when imported
in good faith as objects of taste, and not of mer-
chandise, shall be dutiable.
Mr. HALE. Ten per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the bill as it is, paint-
ings and statuary, when imported'ingood;faithas
objects of taste, and not of merchandise, are free
of duty. Now, I submit to the Senator thafrthi?
is right as it is.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to say a word, but
simplycall back the attentionof the Senate to the
eloquent remarks made by my friend from Oregon
['Mr. Baker] on the book question. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move, on the 49th page,
eighty-ninth line, to strike out cc copper-ore,"
and to insert it in the twenty-first section, on the
38th page, third line, after the word " on," so that
it will be subject to a duty of 5 per cent. I think
I have the assent of the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to state that there is
a large copper interest in the Lake Superior coun-
try, that is now somewhat depressed, and &is
may help it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill on
page 7, by striking out all after the word "kinds,"
in line thirty-nine, to the word " ad valorem," in-
clusive, in line forty-three, and to insert " 50 per
cent, ad valorem;" and in line forty-five to strike
out " 25," and insert " 40;" and in line forty-six
to strike out " 30," and insert " 40." The object
of the amendment is, first to provide that all cigars
shall pay an ad valorem duty of 50 per cent. Un-
der this bill, as it is now, the fine cigars of Cuba
will not pay a duty of over 15 or 16 per cent, ad
valorem, while the cheaper cigars will pay over
100 per cent. I propose, further, to alter the bill,
so as to require unmanufactured tobacco in leaf,
*to pay 40 instead of 25 per cent.; and ail other
manufactured and unmanufactured tobacco, 40
per cent, ad valorem.
This bill as it now stands, seems to have been
made for the special purpose of allowing fine Cu-
ban tobacco and cigars to be introduced into this
country at a very low rate of duty. It taxes very
lightly the fine cigars, such as are used by gen-
tlemen of fortune and wealth, and very heavily
those made from common tobacco. It affords very
little or no protection to the manufacturer or grow-
er of tobacco in this country. We have an inter-
est in this country of about $20,000,000 of annual
product of this article of tobacco. So far from
protecting it, the descriptions of tobacco not much
grown in this country, Cuban cigars, <fcc., are ad-
mitted at a very low duty. I trust the Senate will
adopt the amendment I propose.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator proposes a
very high ad valorem duty. Under the present
tariff, we had a revenue from cigars and tobacco
of $1,742,000 last year. The duties on cigars and
tobacco are 30 and 24 per cent., and most of it
comes in at the higher rate. It seems to me that
50 per cent, is a very high duty; and it is not a
revenue duty. The Senator can accomplish his
object much more thoroughly by fixing it at 30
per cent, instead of 50 per cent. I agree with him
that the duty should be the same on the finer as
on the lower qualities. Nine tenths of the cigars
consumed in the United States are of the common
