I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
down the previous question, if the gentleman
insists upon it.
Mr. HASKIN. I have no disposition to cut
off debate, and I waive the previous question for
the present.
Mr. McCLERNAND If I understand the
report of the committee, the communications ac-
companying the resolution, and the explanation
made by the gentleman from New Yoik, the res-
olution proceeds upon the assumption that Mr.
Ford, the Public Printer of the House, is not here,
and will not resume the performance of his duties
as Printer of this body. If that assumption is
unfounded, of course the resolution ought not to
pass. As to the point whether that assumption
is true, I understand that Mr. Ford is detained
from the city by sickness; that he will, however,
be 111 this city on or before Saturday next, pre-
pared to perform his duties as Public Printer of
this body. There is, therefore, no necessity for
the adoption of the resolution at present, if there
should be any for its adoption hereafter. Such
public printing as is indispensable for the House,
is now being executed, as I understand, by Mr.
Bowman, the Printer of the Senate. Heisable not
only to execute all printing which is necessary
to the current proceedings of the House, but he
is prepared to do any additional printing which
is required, until we have more light upon this
subject.
I do not know whether or not this proposition
is part and parcel of the sale and purchase of the
establishment of Mr. Wendell. I understand that
the Superintendent of Public Printing has pur-
chased the establishment of Mr. Wendell at the
price of $135,000, although the same establish-
ment, I am informed, was offered for sale last
year for §80,000, and when, in fact, it is not worth
§40,000. The materials, as I understand, are
worn out; the building is not fire-proof, and the
machinery is not of the most improved kind,
such as is now required to execute successfully
the printing of the House.
I hope this resolution will not be adopted upon
the assumption that Mr. Ford will not be here,
and that he is incapable of doing the printing of
the House. A few days will enlighten us upon
that point. Why should we forestall him by this |
summary process ? For whose benefit, and for j
whose good, when the Printer of the Senate is j
willing to supply his place for the present, and is j
capable of doing all necessary work? |
Mr. BURNETT. I had almost determined [
that 1 never would again indulge in any discus- i
sion connected with the subject of the public
priming, from the fact that it is almost impossi-
ble for any member of this House to get a full
understanding of the mode of operation by which
the printing 'is done, the manner in which it is
let out at each Congress, and the parties inter-
ested in it. 1 had no agency in the election of
Mr. Foid as Public Printer of this House. I had
no agency in fastening him upon this House as
its officer to do its printing. Gentlemen upon
that side of the House elected him. If there has
been any neglect upon his part in doing the print-
ing of the House, and the public service has been
injured by it, they are responsible. But, sir, I
am astonished that the gentleman who represents
the Committee on Printing on this occasion
should not offer a resolution here declaring the
office vacant, when he must know that it we
authorize the Superintendent of Public Printing
to let out that work by contract, Mr. Ford would
be entitled to and could claim it, unless his office
is declaiod vacant; and I am opposed to his res-
olution for that reason.
But, sir, I am opposed to it for the further rea-
son that there is no necessity for the resolution.
Tins Pi inter, Governor Fold, we are informed by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,]
will" be here in a few days. Why then should
we pass this lesolution, when the Punter for the
House will be here in person so snon, and we
can then either declare his office vacant, or learn
from him the reasons why lie does not perform
his duties?
The gentleman from Illinois asked a question
that I would like to have answered; and that is,
whether this is part and parcc 1 of the progi amine
that was carried out at the last session of Con-
gress, and which was then denounced as a move-
ment for the purposeof enabling Cornelius Wen-
dell to sell his printing office? I understand that
that sale has been consummated by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and ratified, as far as
it can be, by the action of the Committee on
Printing for the two Houses of Congress. I,like
the gentleman from Illinois, understand that the
price paid, or agreed to be paid, by the Govern-
ment for that printing establishment, is §135,000.
I am also informed that that office was offered by
responsible parties in this city for §80,000. lam
also informed that it is not, in deed and in truth,
worth more than §40,000; and that the materials,
the printing presses, the type, and the fixtures
belonging to that printing establishmentare totally
unsuited and unfit for the purposes for which they
have been purchased by the Government. If that
office is not worth more than $40,000, it is to me
surprising—passing strange that it should have
been purchased with such hot haste. And now
we are called upon to authorize the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing to goon and let out the
printing for this House by contract, without first
declaring the office of Printer of the House va-
cant. Sir, I do not understand this thing. It
may be all fair; it may be all honest; it may bo
all right; but from the information I have received
I have my suspicions, and hence I intend to offer
a resolution by which we will be enabled to in-
vestigate, and if possible probe this matter to its
very bottom. I want to know why it is that the
Government is to pay $135,000 for a printing es-
tablishment whichin reality isonly worth $40,000,
and which has been offered for $80,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of my friend from Kentucky, I will state that
the agent of Mr. Ford has this moment placed in
my hand a dispatch to the following effect:
" I hope to be able to reach thei e [meaning Washington]
on Safuiday.1'
That dispatch has been placed in my hands by
the agent of Mr. Ford, who also inform? me
that he has made temporary arrangements for
the printing of the House until Mr. Ford arrives.
Mr. BURNETT. There is another thing, Mr.
Speaker, that I would like the gentleman who
represents the Committee on Printing to tell us;
and that is, why, ill his great anxiety for a re-
duction in the cost of the public printing—and in
which I agreed with him, and for which I voted—
he did not also include the binding of this House?
I desire to know why it is that there is no reduc-
tion made upon that branch of the work done for
this House? I want to know how it happens,if
we are to have a mammoth printing establish-
ment, and the work is to be done by the Govern-
ment directly, his resolution is not broad enough
to cover the binding also, and have all the work
done by agents of the Government who will be
responsible to it for their action and conduct?
| Now, sir, I want to amend that resolution. I
1 want to provide that the binding oi this House
i shall also be let out by the Superintendent of Pub-
! lie Printing; that he shall make a contract and
j let that out also, and have it done directly; and
before I take my seat, unless the gentleman who
| offered this resolution desires to take the floor, I
! shall move to postpone the whole subject until
| next Tuesday.
! Mr. GROW. I hope, as the gentleman asked
i us to vote down the pievious question, he will
not cut off debate now.
! Mr. BURNETT. I will not do it; but I offer
the amendment which I have indicated, and
which the Clerk can put in proper shape.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, 1 have but a word
to say upon this proposition. Itseems.from the
papers which have been read at the Clerk's desk,
that Messrs. Larcombc & English made a con-
tract, with the House Printer to do this work.
They now refuse to execute that contract made
'' with the House Pi inter; and this is a proposition
i togive them abettercontract. TheHousePrinter,
!> m making that contract, has done what has al-
ways been done since I have been a member of
Congress, except in one instance when Cornelius
I Wendell was elected Printer. Now, shall we
come in and relieve these parties from t.he obii-
i! gationsof their contract with our House Printer,
'j and thus subject him to loss, without allowing
him an opportunity first to see the parties and
j make anaegements with then:? Is that treating
,, our Printi r fairly? He has been detained at a
j] distance from this city by sickness, and telegraphs
>! that as soon as he is able to travel he will come
!l here. A dispensation of Providence keeps hint
away; and this House is asked, under these cir-
cumstances, to place in the hands of his sub-con-
tractors greater advantages than they would have
under the terms of their contract. Let them be
made to comply with their contract with the
House Printer if he can make them do it; $nd if
not, then it will be for us to provide some other
way of having the printing done.
After the 4th of March next, under a law which
Congress passed last session, the Government is
to do its own printing. Now, 1 am opposed to
making any change between this time and that,
unless you repeal that portion of the act which
fixes the 4th of March. If it will be right for
the Government to do its own printing then, and
we find ourselves unable to get the work done
now, let us begin now to have the printing done
by the Government. What objection is there to
starting it now, if it is necessary to make a cha> o-e,
instead of throwing the whole burden and trouble
and expense upon the House Printer, to the ad-
vantage of his sub-contractors? I can see no
justice in that way of doing business, or in that
way of treating the employes of the Government.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
who represents the Committee on Printing pro-
poses, in consequence of the absence of the House
Printer, arid out of consideration for him, not to
move a resolution declaring the office vacant; but
he does move a resolution which takes from him,
until the expiration of his term, every particle of
the work which he is entitled by law to do. The
effect of his resolution is either to deprive the
House Printer of his office entirely, or to subject
the Government to action by him for damages in
consequence of their handing over the work to
some other parties.
Now, sir, if there is to be any change made,
there is certainly no reason why a day may not
be given in consequence cf the sickness of the
House Printer, to enable him to come here and
put this matter upon a proper footing.
Mr. Speaker, Messrs. Larcombe & English,
falling in with the views of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, agree very readily that they will
not consent to do this printing any longer under
the contract they made with our Printer; but they
are now doing the printing in Mr. Wendell s
printing office, and whenever they are relieved
from the obligations of their contract with the
House Printer, then the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, in behalf of the House, is to enter
into a contract with the same parties, authorizing
them to do the printing upon better terms; that is,
to get the whole price of the printing, a portion
of which now goes to the House Printer. Unques-
tionably they will not do the printing any longer
underthcircontract with the House Printer, if the
House will relievo them from it, andgive them the
same work at a higher price. And that is just
the question which the House have to consider:
whether they will now relieve Messrs. Larcombe &
English from thcircon tract with the House Printer,
give to them the price which the law gives to the
Printer, and deprive him of any portion of the
profits of the work? That is the whole question:
whetlierthe House will deprive him of any chance
to do the woik himself, and take the legitimate
profits of the work, or get somebody else to do it,
leaving him some margin of profit which will
enable him to realize something from his office?
In my judgment, sir, it is premature to take
action on a resolution of this sort at this time, and
I therefore move to postpone its further consid-
eration until Monday next.
Mr. HASKIN obtained the floor.
Mr. NIBLA.CK. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York one question before he
proceeds.
Mr. HASKIN. I have no objection to answer
any questions.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire whether
! the committee have taken any action, or intend to
! take any, in relation to the removal of Mr. Ford,
i or whether he will still continue Printer of the
House under the arrangement proposed in the
resolution ?
i Mr. HASKIN. I would state, for the inform-
! ation of the gentleman from Indiana, that the ob-
! ject of the committee is to provide for the exist-
j ill? necessities of the case; to have the printing
' which is absolutely npeessary to be done to eti-
I able us to legislate here, forthwith done. It will
I be recollected by the House that, two or three days
