1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
quality,.and I am perfectly willing that the duty
shall-be 30 percent.; and that would be a revenue
duty; but if the Senator puts it up to 50 per cent.,
I think it will be an extravagant rate, and will be
more apt to prohibit the importation of cigars than
to increase the revenue. I would advise him,
therefore, to put it at 30 per cent., if he wants to
have a mere revenue duty, and to equalize the
duty on the fine article and on the common arti-
cle. It will be accomplished in the same degree
by-that as by the 50 per cent., in my judgment.
Mr. POWELL. On reference to the tables, I
find that in the tariff of 1846, cigars paid a duty
of 40 per cent, ad valorem; in the tariff of 1857,
30 per cent. They brought more revenue under
the tariff of 1846 than under that of 1857. These
cigars are not only a matter of luxury, but are
said to be a luxury very obnoxious to health. I
think they ought to pay high duties. I am will-
ing, however, at the suggestion of gentlemen, to
modify, and will modify my amendment so as to
insert 40 per cent, on the cigars instead of 50.
That will leave it precisely where the tariff of
1846 put it; and I will put the unmanufactured
tobacco at 35 per cent.
Mr. GW1N. I hope the Senator will say 30.
Mr. POWELL. Well, I will say 30 per cent,
on unmanufactured tobacco.
Mr. GW1N. I will stand hy that'.
Mr. POWELL. That will leave the duties as
they were fixed in the act of 1846. That brought
more revenue than the lower duties of the tariff
of 1857.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The Secretary. If the amendment be agreed
to, the bill will read as follows:
On cigars of all kinds 40 per centum ad valorem ; on un -
manufactured tobacco in leaf, 30 per centum ad valorem ;
on all other manufactured and unmanufactured tobacco,
30 per centum ad valorem.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the Senator's
amendment by making the duties uniform,30 per
cent, on cigars and tobacco; because I believe that
will biing a larger revenue than the higher duty.
I hope the Senate will agree that it shall be a uni-
form duty of 30 per cent, on tobacco and cigars.
I move to amend the amendment in that way.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator's amend-
ment will not prevail.
The amendment to the amend'ment was re-
jected.
Mr. SIMMONS called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Powell; and they
were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only want to say one word.
It is a little significant that the first attack upon
the cigar duty, as fixed in the bill, was upon the
ground that it was enormously high; and the
Senator from Kentucky voted for another form
of amendment, presented by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] to reduce it very much;
and all the gentlemen on the other side vote for
his amendment, 1 believe. Now, the Senatorfrom"
Kentucky has ciphered it out to be very low, and
tie proposes to laise it. The Senator from Vir-
ginia complained very much that the duties were
actually lower on the high-priced cigars than on
the low ones. I answered that by saying we put
60 cents a pound on the high-priced cigars and
20 on the low, and put an additional duty of 10
per cent on the high cigars. There is only one
single thing here that is allowed to come ill at 25
per cent., and that is leaf tobacco, which is used
for cigar wrappers, and the manufactured tobacco
is put up to 30 per cent. I shall not go over the
argument again on cigars, because we have very
little time.
Mr. POWELL. Tile Senator from Virginia,
as I understand him, complained of this bill be-
cause, on the fine Cuba sugars, the high-priced
cigars, the duty was very low. It is not more
than 16 per cent, ad valorem upon cigars costing
$100 a thousand, while on the lower-priced cigars,
the cheap cigars, the duty is very high, ranging
up to 100 per cent ad valorem under the bill as it
is. That is the statement I made a moment ago.
Mr. BIGLER. Can the Senator from Ken-
tucky give us any information as to the various
prices of cigars imported from Cuba? I confess
I know nothing about it.
Mr. POWELL. I can state to the Senator that,
so far as I have personal knowledge of that mat-
ter, I have bought some of them at §60 a thou-
sand , and some at $ 100. Gentlemen who are more
extravagant in their taste than 1 am, have paid as
much as $200 or $250; and I think some of them
cost $500 a thousand.
Mr. BIGLER. If that be so, it presents a sub-
ject worthy of notice, so far as the importations
are concerned. By looking at the volume of Com-
mercial Relations, page 266, you will find a state-
ment of the quantity of cigars imported and the
appraised price, and you will see that the average
price of the Cuban cigars is a little over $6 a thou-
sand.
Mr. LATHAM. When manufactured here?
Mr. BIGLER. When imported here. I mean
to say that the invoiced pric  upon which the duty
is paid, is a little over $6 a thousand. Now, the
object of making a specific charge per pound, is
to meet this manifest fraud which everybody can
see. Cigars are invoiced at about 25 per cent, of
their real value.
The question being taken oy yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 26; as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Bragi;, Bright, Clinjrnian, Crittenden,
Fitch, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
and l'owell—10.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Baker, lli«ior, Bm liam, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon. Doolittle, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Gumes, Hale, Hatlan. King, Morrill,
Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten F.yck, Tiumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to reconsiderthe vote
by which a duty was laid on tea and coffee
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The question now is on concurring in that amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the
amendment imposing a duty on tea and coffee.
Mr. GRIMES. The question recurs, I sup-
pose, on the motion made by myself, that that
portion of the amendment relating to tea and cof-
fee should be striken out.
Mr. BIGLER. The question is on striking out
coffee and tea.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the question is not upon striking out;
but the Senate having reconsidered the vote by
which that amendment was julopted, the question
is on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. In order to make these arti-
cles, coffee and tea, free, do we vote yea or nay?
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to state what I un-
derstand to be the condition of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. At the early part of the ses-
sion this morning, I moved to strikeout that part
of the amendmentof the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, which had been adopted in Committee of the
Whole, which imposed a duty on tea and coffee;
and that motion was not carried. The Senator
from New York has moved to reconsider that
vote. It has been reconsidered; so that the ques-
tion now to be presented to the Senate is, whether
or not the motion I made-this morning shall pre-
vail.
Mr. BIGLER. You can renew it.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew the motion, if that be
necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on theadoption of theamendmentto theamend-
ment adopted by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole; which amendment to the amendment
is to strike out tea and coffee.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Was not the last vote upon
adopting that amendmentof the Committee of the
Whole retaining tea and coffee?
Mr. BIGLER. That has been reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was on striking those articles out of an amend-
ment adopted m Committee of the Whole, which
included sugar with tea and coffee; and the ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, striking out tea and coffee from
that amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have but one word to say
about this; and that is, that I hope if they are to
be stricken out, we shall all vote to strike them
out. Whenever this bill is made so that we shall
get a final vote on it, I want it to be a bill that the
friends of the Government can all vote for; and if
some of them cannot vote for it with a duty on j|
tea and coffee in, I will vote to strike them out; n
and 1 hope all ourfnends will vote to do so, though
I think that duty ought to be there..
Mi. WILSON. Gentlemen say they do not
want any speech. I do not mean to make any;
but I object to the motion. It is not in order; and
the Senator from New York had no right to make
it. There was an amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, and a motion was made
to amend that amendment, and it failed; and then
the Senate adopted the amendment entire;and the
first motion should be to reconsider the whole
amendment. That must be done before the amend-
ment to it can be reconsidered.
Mr. BIGLER. That is what was done.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts corresponds with what
I understood to be the condition of this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The Chair will remark, that not having been at
that time the occupant of the chair, he did not
know precisely in what form it was; but if it was
adopted as the Senator from Massachusetts sug-
gests, he names the only course by which it can
be reached. The vote on the adoption of the
entire amendment, of which that was a part, must
first be reconsidered.
Mr. BIGLER. That has already been done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I make that motion
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from New York first was to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate refused to
strike out tea and coffee. That of course brought
up the proposition of the Senatorfrom Iowa, that
having been only a part of the amendment before
adopted. The motion, though put by the Chair,
was really not in order. The Senator from New
York now moves to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment, of which that was part, was
adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLARK Now I raise a question of Older
that it is not competent for the Senator from New
York to make the motion, because he voted with
thcminority.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I voted with the
majority.
Mr. CLARK. Then I was mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say that,so far
as tea and coffee are concerned, in my judgment,
they do not enter into so general use as does
sugar. I was willing to put a duty upon all of
them, for the purpose of raising revenue. I am
willing to stand by the duty which was laid on
tea and coffee, but if either of these articles is to
come in free, I insist that it shall be sugar. It
enters into more general use than either tea or
coffee, and it is more of a necessary; and I trust
there will be no such division as to strike out tea
and coffee. I am quite willing to strike outsugar,
tea, and coffee—all of them,or I am willing to put
a reasonable duty upon all of them; but I think
there is greater reason for having sugar free than
there is for having tea or coffee free.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly neeessary,
Mr. President, that I should apologize for saying
a few words, for I have been silent pretty much
all the time in regard to this business. But wo
may just as well understand where we are, and
tell the country plainly what we are doing. This
backingand filling one way and the other is hardly
creditable. We are now attempting to pass a
revenue bill, by which wo shall get something to
pay the expenses of this Government. My friend
from Illinois says, strike out all these articles, and
he is content. I should like to know where he is
going to get revenue from to support the Govern-
ment. The people have got to support it some-
how, and they have got to do it by paying duties;
and it makes very little difference as to the precise
articles upon which you lay them. At any rate,
I am not disposed to humbug them one way oi
the other, but to tell the truth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
misunderstood me. I said I was willing that all
these articles should stand in the duty list; but I
object to the discrimination, which, I think, is
wrong. If either is to come free, let it be sugar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I did myfiiciid
injustice in my supposition. I agree with him
that all these articles should stand just as they
are I know as well as anybody how disagreea-
