1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ble a tax upon tea, coffee, and sugar is to the great
mass of the community; but it is like any other
tax; and the only difference between this and
others is, that in other cases you lay a tax with
a view to protection in connection with revenue.
Now, how do we stand about this? We have
fot to raise revenue from some of these articles,
f you keep the duty as it i^on sugar, we can get
along; but some gentlemen wish to strike the duty
off sugar. It is used by everybody; everybody
wants a little sweetening; and therefore gentle-
men- say let us have sugar free. Why, sir, we
have had this tax on sugar continually year after
year, for four years, and nobody has complained.
The people have paid it willingly; and this does
not propose to raise it of any consequence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This reduces the duty on
sugar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the amendment now
stands,itreduccsthcduty on sugar; butin the bill,
as it came from the House of Representatives, the
duty on sugar stood at about the same as it was
before.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is less than it was before
in the bill as it passed the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend says that as
the bill passed the House of Representatives, the
duty on sugar was less than before. Has any-
body complained of that duty? Is there a com-
plaint from any section of the country? 'Nobody
says a word. It is paid very willingly by every-
body. Why, then, should we trouble ourselves
about it if it is a proper and legitimate source of
revenue, and connected also with protection, as it
has been? There maybe another idea floating
about in the minds of men, that we do not want
to protect sugar in Louisiana now. I am just as
ready to protect it now as I ever was, for I do not
believe Louisiana is going to stay out of the Union
a great while; and I do not want to do anything
by way of punishing anybody in reference to that
matter; but at any rate I do not want to punish
myself and the Government by striking out a
revenue which is absolutely necessary, because
that must be the result of it. Some Senators seem
to have the idea that, we may strike down a little
on sugar, and effect one object, and put a little on
tea and coffee. If we are not to gain by it, is it
not better to let well enough alone than to attempt
to try new things?
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Maine. I inquired yester-
day of the Senator from Rhode Island, and he
told me that the bill, as now amended in regard
to sugar, tea, and coffee, compared with the hill
as it came from the House of Representatives,
made an addition to the revenue of $4,000,000,
which he represented as indispensable; and there-
fore I voted for it. I should like to know if that
be not so ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is indispensable, let
us go for it; but if it is not indispensable, instead
of trying new experiments which will be disagree-
able, as we believe, to the mass of the people, let
us stand by the old, for we have tried that and
found that it is well enough. But if Senators here
will insist upon striking down the duty on sugar
for any purpose, we must have the revenue from
some source, and you must put on a correspond-
ing duty somewhere else.
lam perfectly willing, if Senators desire to strike
out the whole of this amendment offered by my
friend from Rhode Island, to go back to the bill
just as it came from the House of Representatives
in this respect, laying a duty on sugar, to get what
we can out of that, and leave the other articles as
they were before. But if Senators insist, as Sena-
tors do insist, under this state of things in the
country, with an absolute necessity to raise a rev-
enue and to increase that revenue, upon striking
down in any considerable degree one great source
of it, we must find some other to put it upon, and
that is the principle upon which this amendment
was founded. Now let us do one thing or another,
for as to the idea of reconsidering and striking out
the duty upon tea and coffee, and then striking
out the duty upon sugar besides, if we do that we
shall be acting very absurdly, in my judgment.
We must meet our responsibilities upon this sub-
ject, and I am perfectly ready to meet them before
the people or anywhere else.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that this motion to
% reconsider will not prevail. For my part, I would
as soon tax the people of my State on tea and
coffee as on chains and on iron, and upon every
article for which this new bill has been introduced
here. The people of the West are suffering more,
and will suffer more, by the tariff upon iron, than
any other portion of the country. I cannot see
any reason or any propriety in imposing this high
rate of duty upon chains and all kinds of iron
which the people of the West use more than any
portion of the country, and then excusing the peo-
ple of the East from paying a di ty on tea and
coffee. I object to any such unfair discrimination.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not use any more
tea and coffee than you do.
Mr. WILKINSON. We would just as soon
pay a tax on tea and coffee as pay it on a plow
or a log chain; and I must say here, that I am
stretching my conscience a great deal to go for the
dutiesimposed by this bill on those articles. Now,
I ask the tea-drinkers of the East not to shirk
this responsibility, and attempt to put it on these
articles which'are used so much in the West. I
say to the Senator from Maine, and the Senator
from New York, that I would just as soon have
the people of Minnesota pay a tax on tea as pay
it on sugar; and I would a little rather they should
pay it on tea than pay it on chains, and on all
classes of hardware which we do so much use in
that country. I think when the tariff question
comes to be pretty thoroughly ventilated, it will be
understood that the .people of the Northwest are
to suffer more by this bill than any other people
m the country; and this looks to me very much
like shirkmgtheir responsibilities by some people
who are not bearing the burdens which the pres-
ent bill will impose on us.
Why,sir, I saw a statement here which showed
that there was a tariff of 108 per cent, ad valorem
upon chains, articles which are not used very
much in some of the States represented by those
men here who are so very anxious for protection.
My people, and the people of the entire West, use
the articles which are taxed so heavily. They do
not use quite so much tea and coffee, because a
great many of them have not, perhaps, always got
the money to buy them with; but they are always
obliged to have these articles which are taxed so
heavily m this bill. I hope, therefore, that this
motion will not be reconsidered, and if it is, I
want to see sugar come in dutyfree.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bijrlcr, Bragg, Bright,CUngman,
Crittenden, Foot, Green, Giime«, Gwin, Il:uIan, Hemphill,
Huntei, Johnson of Atkan^as, Johnson ot'Tonnessee, Ken-
nedy, Lano, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, Sebas-
tian, Sewaid, VVi lfiil, and Wilson—£5.
NAYS—Messrc.'AnUionv. Bingham, Cameron,Chandler,
Claik, Dixon, Poolittle, Durkee. Fos&emlen, Fitch, Foster,
Hale, King, Morrill, Simmons, Sumner,Ten JDyck,Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilkinson—SO.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote by
which the amendment was adopted having been
recor sidered, the question again recurs on con-
curring in the amendment.
Mr. B1GLER. I think Senators arenotabout
to vote as they desire to do. If I understand
them rightly, the intention is to strike out coffee
and tea.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I will make that motion; that
seems to be what is desired. I move to strike out
tea and coffee m the amendment. I do that sim-
ply to put the question right.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to say one word be-
fore this provision is entirely destroyed. If the
proposed duty on tea and coffee, as a perpetual
thing, is so disagreeable to people who are friendly
to the general features of this bill, I shall be per-
fectly content to limit its operation to two years,
until we get over and supply the present pressing
necessities of this Government. This Govern-
ment is about to be demoralized for want of money,
and I ask Senators if they are going to allow a
mere trifling duty like this to interfere with the
bill? This duty will bring in $5,000,000 a year
for the next two years; and there will not he one
man, woman, or child in the country, if the
demagogues said nothing about it, who would
know that the tea and coffee were touched. It
wiil never raise the price to the retailer a single
half mill. You cannot tell when the duty on tea
and coffee is taken off by the price, and you will ;
not know by the price that a duty is put on. We i
may collect $5,000*000 by this; and it will co«ie
out of the meFe profits of the overgrownwealthV
men. If you put a'duty on feoffee here, they will'
take off the export duty in* Brazil and C&oa; to-
that extent; and, as you take oif your d $y, they5^
will put on theirs. If you take off'the duty on-
molasses, they would put just eticft an export
duty on it in Cuba. They-have done sb'fbr forty
years. Every time we have reduccd- ourduty*
they have put on theirs; and every time we pdt-.
it on, they take it off invariably. It people would
study a little into the history of commerce, they
would never dream that this would add $1 to the,
cost of the women's tea and coffee. I am very
sorry to be obliged to talk here until I get so hoarse
that I cannot be heard, in order to sustain the
Government that I like. I will agree to limit th&
duty. I do not want this change to be made a
perpetual noise in this country; for you cannot
raise the money to support your Government
without having a clamor all-over the coufhpr; ami
you cannot hire money, and pay 3 per cent. s£
month, without having a clamor in the Senate^
Everybody rejoices when this Government has
every feather plucked out of it. I move to amend
the amendment so as to provide that the duties
levied by this section of the bill on tea and coffee
shall terminate in two years—on the 30th of June}
1863.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will not now be in order, there being an amend-*
ment pending to the amendment, offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SIMMONS. He* will withdraw that, I
know, for this.
Mr. BIGLER. I will withdraw it until the
Senator offers his.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island can propose his amend-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to limit the time the
tea and coffee duty shall last, until the 30th of
June, 1863.
Mr. BINGHAM. On sugar, too?
Mr. SIMMONS. All the duties in that sec-
tion. [" Oh, no !"] Let it apply to what is pro-
posed to be stricken out, and we can take care of
it by the time the two years come around.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Rhode Island
says the Government is about to b'e demoralized
for the want of money to carry it on. Now, Mr.
President, I am in favor of striking out this duty
on tea and coffee, because, if you adopt the sub-
stitute of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
you will, without a duty on tea and coffee, raise
as much revenue as you will under this tariff bill
with a duty on tea and coffee. I am as much ir>
favor of providing revenue to carry on this Gov-
ernment as the Senator himself; but he has intro-
duced an amendment here that strikes down rev-
enue. It reduces the revenue on sugar and mo-
lasses; it reduces the revenue on importations of
iron. We collect the great bulk of our revenues
on a very few- articles of importation. If you
will look to the tariffs that have existed for many
years past, you will find that we collect the greater
portion of the revenue that supports the Govern-
ment upon very few articles. In order that I may
be understood, I will state the revenues for the
last fiscal year, ending the 30th of June last, un-
der the present tariff.
The entire revenues amounted in the aggregate
to $53,979,570 during the last fiscal year on im-
ports. tJpwards of $40,000,000 of this amount
Nvas collected on seven articles. The Senator
from Rhode Island has introduced an amendment,
which has been adopted, that strikes down rev-
enue to the amount of millions of dollars upon
one article that pays the most money to the Gov-
ernment. I will give to the Senate a list ot the
seven articles to which 1 refer. The amount of
merchandise imported into.theUnited States din-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th June, i860,
paying duties, was $279,872,327, and the free
goods amounted to #82,291,614, making a total of
$362,163,941. The duties on the importations of
dutiable merchandise, were nearly $54,000,000, as
I said before. The seven following articles paid
more than $40,000,000 of the entire revenue: sugar
and molasses, $8,711,118; manufactures of wool,
$8,155,518; manufactures of cotton, ^7,120,047;
manufactures of silk, $6,491,822; manufactures
of iron and steel, $4,835,973; wines and spirits
and ale and porter, $3,321,805; and cigars and to-
