96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17.
Mr. BURNHAM stated that Mr. Woodruff
was confined to his room by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced aa above
recorded,
ORGANIZATION OF IBB HOUSE.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for and facilitate the organ-
ization of the House of Representatives of the
United States on the assembling of each Con-
gress; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
* TUB CENSUS.
Mr. ASHLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the act providing for
the taking of the seventh census, and for other
purposes, approved May 23, 1859; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. I have in my
hand-some resolutions upon the subject of our
national difficulties, which were not ready to be
submitted yesterday when the State of Missouri
was called: and I ask now that they be received,
and referred to the select committee of thirty-
three.
No objection being made, the resolutions were
read, and referred accordingly. They are as fol-
lows:
Resolve#, That the questions at issue between the slave-
holding and nou-*-lavcholding States now involving the
integrity and stability oi the Union, are: 1. The consti-
tutional power ot Congress to piohibit the intioduetion of
slaves into the Territoiies of the United States by persons
emigrating to said Tcmtories from States wherein slavery
exists. 2. The constitutional power of a Ten itoual Legis-
lature to prohibit or establish slavery. 3. The constitu-
tional right of Congress to protect slave property in the
Territories of the United States. 4. The constitutional
powci of Congress to pa s laws making it a criminal of-
fense for any person to prevent oi obstiuct, or attempt to
prevent or obstruct the execution of the "fugitive slave
net."' 5. The constitutional power of Congress to pay-?
laws punishing any person who -shall, diiectly orinduoetly,
aid or assist any othei person held to service or labor in one \
State, under the law* thereof, to escape from the person \
to whom Mich sei vice or laboi maybe due. G. The con-
stitutional light of a State to pass laws preventing, hinder-
ing, or in any wav. dsiectly or indneetly, oh*tiueting the
execution ot the u fugitive slave act."
Resolved, That the foicgmns nueaions should be tub-
mitted to the Supreme Cou! t ot the United .States by a joint
resolution ol both Houses of Congress, for their opinion; and
that said tnbunal be lequested to submit said opinion to
Congress, speedily as piaeticable.
Resolved, That as. a final settlement of said que^tioiH
between the North and the South, Congress should with-
out delay, aftci said opinion shall have been submitted,
<maetsuch laws as maybe necessary to carry into effect
the opinion ot said court, or any pait thereof, that may
icqunc legislation.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent; presented to the House the report of the
commissioners appointed to examine into the or-
ganization, system of di3cipline, and couise of
study, of the United States Military Academy at
WV-sf Point, togetherwith the record of evidence
taken; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD,
Mr. ALDRICII, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a hill as a substitute for the Pacific rail-
road bill reported from the selcct committee of
last session; which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAN DEVER moved to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 700 was this morning
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was cnteied upon the Journal.
CALVIN B. SEYMOUR.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the petition
of Calvin B. Seymour, surviving partner of Staf-
ford, Seymour & Co., for indemnity for losses
by Indians in 1836, be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
HILL IlEFEXiREB.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
House bill No. 467, and that it be referred back to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
And then, oil the motion of Mr. HARRIS, of
Maryland, (at three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 17, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
IIOCSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 841) making further provision in
relation to consolidated land offices, received from
the House of Representatives on Thursday last,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of M. C.
Mordecai and others, owners of the steamship
Isabel, praying compensation for mail service
between Charleston and Havana; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Jane
Gantt, praying indemnity for losses sustained by
her husband, Dr. Joseph Gantt, by the invasion
of Florida by the troops of the United States in
1812; which was refeired to the Committee on
Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
521) for the relief of E. P. Hunt; which was read
twice by ts title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. HEMPHILL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he mstiucted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a tu-vvcekly mail loute fiom Momoe, in Lou-
isiana, to Rondo, m Arkansas.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A messnge from the House of Representatives,
by Air. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
A hill (H. R. No. 863) to authorize the issue
of Treasury notes, and for other puiposes; and
A bill (S. No. tf2) to amend the fourth section
oftbeactfor the admission of Oregon into the
Union, so as to extend the time for selecting salt
springs ami contiguous lands m Oregon.
KEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GW1N. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was refuned a memo-
rial of the Chamber of Commerce of-the city of
San Francisco, California, in favor of the trans-
mission of the entire mail overland between the
eastern States and California daily through the
territory of the United States, have instructed me
to report it back, and move that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration, as the
committee and the Senate have already acted on
it, by reporting and passing an amendment to the
post route bill during the last session, providing
for an overland daily mail on the centtal route,
which bill, with that amendment, is now pending
in the House of Representatives.
i The committee was discharged.
1 Mi*. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
I whom was referred the motion to print the report
| of the Secretary of State, communicating, in obe-
| dience to law, an abstract of returns of registered
I American seamen, have instructed me to reportit
i back, and ask to be discharged from its further
| consideration, the House having ordered the print-
ing of this document.
! The motion to discharge the committee was
■ agreed to.
I EXECUTIVE MESS AC! E.
! Several messages in writing, of an executive
character, were received fiom the President of
the United States, by Air. A. J. Glossbrexner,
his Secretary.
FORTS IN CHARLESTON HARBOR.
Mr. CLARK. I have a resolution of inquiry
to ofter, and 1 desire its immediate passage, if
there be no objection to its consideration:
Resolved, That the Pie«ident of the Unif'd States he
requested to inform the Senate, it not incompatible with
the public seiviGe, what number of men are stationed at
Fort* Moultrie and Sumpter, respectively ; whether, in his
opinion, the number is sufficient to hold the forte against
any apprehended attack or domestic violence; whether any
additional men have been oidered to uithei of said foits,
or any steps have been taken to put them into a condition
to resist any attack that may be made upon them ; m whose
possession and custody, and under what guard, the arsenal
at Chaileston, South Carolina, is; what arm-? and nthei
propeity is there kept, or has been there within the last
thiee months, and ii moved, what has been done \\ ith it; and
if such aisenal, arms, and pioperty i.^ under the cuotody and
control of persons other than officers of the United State?,
by what authority they hold the possession and custody
ot such arsenal, arms, and pioperty; why tiie.v are not put
in possession of officers of the United States ; and whether,
in any instances, the persons in possession df such aisenal,
arms, and property, have refused to comply with requisi-
tions'for aims and ammunition, when propeily made ; and,
further, what instructions have been given to the officers
in command of said forts and arsenal in case of a demand
for their suirender by or to any poison or authoiities, oi an
attack upon them ; also, that the President be requested to
furnish the Senate with copies of all such instructions and
of all orders in relation to said forts or arsenal, within the
last three months, and of all correspondence with the Lieu-
tenant General, or any other officer of the United States
Aimyor Navy, relative to the security of said forts and
aisenal, and to the necessity of supplying additional foice
for then protection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If no objection be made to the pres-
ent consideration of the resolution, it will be con-
sidered as before the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Objection being
made, it lies over.
president's message, etc.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution relative to print-
ing extra numbers of the President's message
and documents, report these resolutions, and ask
for their adoption:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate,
in addition to the usual number, fifteen thousand copies of
tire annual message of the President of the United States,
with the reports of the heads of Departments and chiefs of
bureaus communicated therewith, omitting the statistical
matter accompanying said reports.
I Resolved further, That there be printed in addition, for
j the use of heads ot Depaitment?, eighteen bundled copies
! ot the annual message of the President and accompany ing
1 documents, with the statistics and maps, viz ; two hun-
I dred copies lor the use of the Intenor Depaitment, and
1 one thousand copies foi distubution to public libiaries in
ihc s-eveial Starts and Teniteiies, to be distributed by the
; Sociclarv. as the Amoijean State Papers now are distrib-
; utcd !>} linn ; two handled eopics for the use of the State
| Depaitment; two hundied copies for the use ot the War
! Depaitment; one hundied copies for the use of the Navy
] Depaitment; and one hundred copies for the use of the
1 Tieii&ury Department. Also, one thousand additional
copies of the icport of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
for the u-e of his office ; one thousand copies of the report
ot the Commissioner ot the General Land Office for the use
of his office; five hundred copies of the repoit of the Com-
missioner ot Public Buildings foi the use of that office; five
hundied copies of the repoit of the officers in chaige of
the (iovei nmcnt Hospital for the Insane for the use ot said
officers; live hundred copies of the repoits of the officers
in chaige of the Penitentiaiy foi the Distnct of Columbia,
tor then use. And in order thai the views of the Seeie-
taiy of the Inteuor upon the vauous subjeets treated of m
these lepoits may be the more fully undeistood : Be it fur-
ther resolved, That so much of his annual report be printed
therewith as lelates to the same subject.
Mr. YULEE. Before action on the resolutions,
I would mquiic of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing why there is no recommendation
for printing extra numbers of the report of the
Post Office Department? It is usual to allow
them.
Mr. FJTCH. I believe the resolutions are a
transcript of those heretofore rcpoi ted from the
committee. Last year, I tiunk; the Post OfHce
Department printed its own report, and'perhaps
| the resolution of last year was modified on that
account; and we may have been led into error
this yeai fiom the absence of that clause; but t
believe it proper to allow the head of that Depart-
ment a number of copies of his report, and on the
motion of the Senator so to amend the resolutions,
I think it will be acceded to by the Senate at
once.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the amendment will be
made. It was not included last-year in the gen-
eral resolution, because it was ordered by a spe-
cial and separate resolution presented by myself.
Mr. FITCH. Such is the fact, I believe; and
this resolution being a copy of that one, I pie-
sume that is the rcjson of the omission now.
Mr. YULEE. The usual number, I think, is
five hundred for the use of the Department.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
j ator from Florida move an amendment to either
I of these resolutions?
