THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. Q.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1861.
New Series No, 67.
Mr. ANTHONY read as follows from Mr.
Guthrie's finance report for the year 1855:
" In carrying into effect the tariff of 1846, considerable
difficulties have been encountered under the eight schedules
of that act, imposing different rates of duties on the mer-
chandise embraced in each. These difficulties, instead of
diminishing, as the adjustment of the questions, arising at
the Treasury and in the couits, takes place, seem to in-
crease, owing to the ingenuity of foreign manufacturers
and merchants, in mingling materials, and modifying fab-
rics, and giving them new names, until it is not possible to
have uniform action m levying duties at different ports, or
correct classifications at the same port. Tariffs and tax
laws should be so plain and explicit m the terms used, as
to make it impossible for right-minded officials to misap-
prehend what it is lawful to collect, and the importer what
the law requires to be paid."
Mr. SIMMONS. Then he goes on to recom-
mend that the different classifications of wool
should be fixed at one rate of duty, as we have
done in this bill; only wc made them specific in-
stead of ad valorem, because we know, when we
cipher it out, what it comes to, and they cannot
cheat us. This is the whole of it. Here is a man
belonging to the Democratic party, one of the
most exalted men in it, and this is his experience
for years under it; and yet everybody is getting
up and glorifying that tariff because the import-
ing merchants have learned to cheat under it; and
if it had gone to this time, it would not have made
15 per cent, if they had proceeded in the same
ratio they did while Mr. Guthrie was in office.
He saw it all. He was vigilant about it. He is-
sued orders to prevent it, and he said the more
orders were issued the more the Government was
cheated; and yet it is proclaimed all over the Sen-
ate that if we will only return to that tariff, we
shall have everybody satisfied and a full Treas-
ury. We collected more duty under that tariff
when we imported $270,000,000 than we did when
we got over $350,000,000. As much money went
into the Treasury as when we imported $75,000,000
more. I do not want to read all these figures. .1
trust no man will dare to question what Mr.
Guthrie said on that subject, much as they may
prize that tariff.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered to the pending amend-
ment, to insert at the end of it the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the duties on tea and coffee hereby im-
posed shall eeabe fiom and after the 30th day of June, 18G3.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment as modified.
Mr. BIGLER. It requires no motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. On that question I desire to
have the yeas and nays. I trust there is no man in
this Senate who expects to go back to any of
those cheating tariffs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment as modified.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I shall not ask for the
yeas and nays if we can adopt it without them.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 voted against the tax for
two years, because I regard that as a war tax If
it were permanent and necessary for the expend-
itures of the Government I should vote for it; not
otherwise.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler,Bingham,Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle. Dut-
kec, Fcs&onden. Fitch, Foot. Foster Hale, fiatlan, King,
Motriil. Simmons, Sunmei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilkinson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg. Blight, Clingman, Douglas,
Green, Grimes. Gwin, Hemphill. Hunter, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Ma-
son, Nicholson, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, and Wil-
son—21.
So the amendment, as modified, was concurred
in.
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment which
I offer as an additional section:
Jiad be it further enacted, Thatfiom and after the 30th
dav of June, 3861. all acts and paits of acts granting allow-
ances or bounties on the tonnage of vessels employed in
the bankoiothei cod fisheries be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
67
Mr. President, the object of this amendment is
to repeal all laws giving a bounty to vessels en-
gaged in the cod fisheries. We paid, during the
last two years, something over $500,000 in bounty
to vessels engaged in the cod fisheries. 1 feel
confident that all bounties of that kind arc, in
principle, wrong; and, at a time like this, when
our Treasury is empty, when we are making a
tariff bill which taxes almost every necessary of
the people, I think it eminently proper that we
should stop the payment of these bounties. There
are but two or three States that receive any ben-
efit from these bounties—Massachusetts, Maine,
Connecticut, and Rhode Island. Rhode Island,
however, receives but very little of it. Massa-
chusetts and Maine receive nearly all the benefits.
This Government has paid about $13,000,000 ot
money in bounties to these cod fisheries. I do
not think there could be any time more appropri-
ate to put a stop to this system than this. The
great consuming interest of this country will have
to pay the duties that are to be levied under this
tariff bill; and I think it perfectly proper, while
they have to pay all the taxes, that they should
be exempt from paying $600,000 annually in
bounties to protect this interest.
I am fully aware that those who have con-
tended for the continuation of the law allowing
this bounty have claimed that it is necessary, m
order to encourage these fisheries as a nursery
for our seamen. In the beginning of the Govern-
ment, that might have been the case, although I
think it was wrong from the beginning. There is
no excuse for it now. Our whale fisheries, our
mackerel fisheries, our mercantile and military
marine, in my opinion, furnish sufficient nurse-
ries for the education of our seamen. It is a
bounty bestowed upon that interest, withoutany
equivalent to this Government. You take over
$500,000 annually from the hard earnings of the
consuming interest of the country, and put it into
the pockets of that shipping interest, in my judg-
ment, without warrant of the Constitution.
Sir, I am satisfied, from the investigation I have
made of this subject, and from the reports made
from the Treasury, that this is a greater nursery
for perjury than it is for the education of seamen.
The venerable Senator from R.hode Island, a mo-
ment ago, passed a most glowing eulogy upon the
ability and the integrity of a distinguished gen-
tleman from my own State, the late Secretary of
the Treasury. I am obliged to the Senator for
that tribute to the worth of one of Kentucky's
illustrious sons; but let me tell the Senator that
that Secretary of the Treasury, upon whom he
passed such a eulogy, thought that this bounty
did not encourage the fisheries, but rather encour-
aged perjury, i will read an extract or two from
a letter written by Mr. Guthrie on the 2d of Jan-
uary, 1857, upon this subject. He says:
"The great change which has taken place of late years
in the manner and purpose of fi^heiies, has led, not to the
encouragement ot the cod fishenes under the bounty laws,
but to the commission ot perjuries lor the purpose of ob-
taining bounty under those laws. Hundreds of vessels, on
board of which no fish were caught for dry-curing, which
is essential to entitle them to bounty, have claimed and
been allowed upon faKe statements, as has been subse-
quently made apparent."
Again, he says:
" Many of the vessels to which bounties are paid upon
proofs prepared in conformity with the regulations, beyond
all doubt are manned by crew-* compensated in a different
mode hom that inquired by law; and piobably the fisheiy
puisued is not exclusive!) for cod fish for the purpose ot
diy-curing, as contemplated by all the provisions ot the
bounty law. Undo this state o* thing-, an important ques-
tion of expediency, as well as of morality, arises, since these
laws, instead of furnishing encomagement for seamen,
mainly encourage the commission of multiplied perjuues,
and tend to the demoralization of a largo class of the com-
munity."
"While we are engaged in raising revenue for
the purpose of carrying on this Government,
while we are engaged in raising money to fill an
empty Treasury, 1 think it is proper that we
should stop this most iniquitous drain upon that
Treasury. If the object of this bill is to foster the
great interests of the'country, as Senators on the
other side claim, I think they ought to some up
and relieve the people of the country fVom this tax
for the benefit of the few who are engaged in these
fisheries; for but two or three States of'this Union
are interested in them. -- • .
Senators on the other side of the Chamber claim
that, so far as this tariff bill is concerned, they
are legislating for the great laboring interests of
the country. Why, sir, look at the duties im-
posed by this bill on tobacco. There are nearly
$20,000,000 worth of that product exported every
year. I endeavored to correct the bill in that par-
ticular. Upon fine Spanish cigarsy ou put a duty,
reduced to value, of about 15 percent.; upon the
common cigars you put a duty, reduced to value,
as the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] dem-
onstrated on Saturday, of over 100 per cent.; upon
leaf tobacco you put a duty of 25 per cent., nearly
double the duty you place upon fine Cuban U*-
bacco when made into cigars. In the one case,
you allow the fine Spanish tobaccoes to come in
at a very low rate, injuring the producer; and in
the other, you tax leaf tobacco nearly double
what you do the cigar when manufactured, thus
injuring the cigar-makers and manufacturers of
this country.
Without further remark, Mr. President, I hope
that every Senator on thip floor, who is not will-
ing to give to one class of people bounties to
which tney are not entitled, and which the late
Secretary of the Treasury tells you are more fruit-
ful of perjury than anything else, will vote for
this amendment that I have offered * and I trust it
will be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment is not
at all germane to the subject-matter of the bill,
any more than it would be to introduce a provis-
ion here to reduce the pay of officers of the Army,
or the Navy, or to discontinue the bounties paid
to those who enlist in the Army and the Navy,
or the bounties received by those who prevent
smuggling. It is utterly foreign to the subject-
matter of the bill; and therefore, it seems to me,
it is not proper that it should come up here as an
amendment to the tariff bill in relation to revenue.
I shall not now enter into a discussion of this
question.
Mr. POWELL. Sir, I think there never was
a better time, nor a better place than this bill, for
the amendment! have proposed. You are now
legislating for the purpose of devising ways and
means to raise money to fill an empty Treasury.
You are calling upon the people, the great con-
suming interests, to pay that money for the pur-
pose of carrying on this Government. That is
proper, if the laws are properly made; but was
there ever a better time than the present to stop
this sum of $600,000 from goingoutof the Treas-
ury in a manner in which it should not go, to per-
sons who are not entitled to it? More than naif
of it is obtained generally by perjury. Even if
they obtained it all fairly under the law, the whole
system is iniquitous and wrong. Those bounties
are all wrong upon principle. The great laboring
interest of this country—I will say the great farm-
ing interest, for it is they that pay nearly all these
duties—they are to pay a tribute of $600,000 a
year to Massachusetts and to Maine; for those
two States get nearly the whole of these boun-
ties. Since the beginning of this Government,
.Massachusetts' has received more than two thirds
of the $13,000,000 that have been paid for those fish-
ing bounties. Are gentlemen, whose constituents
are in nowise interested, to vote to retain upon the
statute-book a law so fraught with evil, so unjust,
so iniquitous in every form, for the purpose of
gratifying a few citizens of any State of theUnion?
1 do not propose this amendment because those
bounties go to Massachusetts and Maine, and one
or two other States. Sir, I would vote to repeal
them if they were given to my own State, or any
other State in this Union; because it is equitable,
because it is just, because it is proper and right
that they should be repealed. I merely name
those States, because it is apparent that they get
these heavy bounties. If they were going to my
own State of Kentucky, I should vote against
them as I do now; and I trust every Senator who
