1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
I
ligent afterwards to come in ? Besides, they had
public notice further from the action of the spe-
cial committee of the Senate in 1852-53, that
they would be heard if they came in then; and
one of the very questions before that committee
was whether there had been, in the conduct of
the commission, such negligence or such dis-
regard of the "rights of American citizens as to
justify the recommendation of anew commission,
a,nd the committee decided unanimously against
that; but they reported in favor of special action
in two claims. I can say, for myself, that 1 ex-
amined every petition personally, read them all
at the cost of weeks and months of labor, and 1
am sure I am not wrong as to the facts, and that
thedecisionof thecommittecwas,as I mentioned,
that there was no ground presented to them from
any source which would either justify or require
the United States to establish a new commission.
That was in 1853.
Well, sir, is not this a sufficient answer to the
argument of the honorable Senator from Georgia?
He assumes the fact that the §3,250,000 was ap-
propriated by Mexico out of the $15,000,000 wc
uad agreed to pay her. He is mistaken, I think;
clearly mistaken. Article thirteen stipulates ex-
pressly for the payment to the Government of
Mexico of $15,000,000—$3,000,000 in cash and
the rest in annual installments. It has been all
paid. The matter of claims is totally distinct.
The $3,250,000 is a mere limitation. Wc had
exonerated Mexico from all the claims of our cit-
izens, which the Government: had the power to do;
and in consideration of that we agreed that if
those claims wore presented to a board created
under our laws, and adjudicated in favor of the
claimants, we would pay them to the extent of
$3,250,000; and yet the claims presented and al-
lowed did not amount to that sum. How does
that make the residue belong to Mexico ? Sap-
pose the claims presented had amounted to but
$1,000,000: is that any reason why you should
pay subsequent claims which the parties chose
to neglect to present before the board of commis-
sioners > Where must this reach ? If you do it
in this case, why should you refuse to do it in
the case of the treaty with Spain of 1819? Why
refuse to do it in the case of the treaty with
France of 1833? There is scarcely a treaty we
have negotiated in reference to the payment by
the United States of claims of their citizens against
a foreign country in which there is not a limita-
tion of the amount that wc agree to pay; and in
all those cases, if tins precedent he established,
you will be bound to pay, for there is no special
fund here any more than there is m any other
case. In one or two of the other cases, I think,
the amount did not reach the limit. I think that
was the case under the treaty with the Two Si-
cilies. Wc have every variety of treaties of that
kind; and under many of them the amount did
not reach the limit. Whether it did or not would
be perfectly immaterial, if you establish the prin-
ciple that you will readjudicatc or rehear them in
this way. If, after a commission has been ap-
pointed under a treaty, and the parties have had
full notice for the purpose of the presentation of
their claims, and have neglected to do it, you set
the precedent of establishing again a second com-
mission, why not a third ? If at the lapse of
twelve years, why not at the lapse of twenty,
when all the facts have been obliterated and there
is no power on the part of the Government to get
at them?
I submit, Mr. President, that there is no ground
for the passage of this bill to provide for these
claims which have had a privilege that, I believe,
in no other case have claims of this character had
accorded to them, of an investigation, by a special
committee, of the entire proceedings of the board
of commissioners under the tieaty with.Mexico,
with full notice published through the country
that persons might come in and make their com-
plaints in any respect as regarded the action under
that treaty. Yet before that commission no such
ctaims were presented as are now mcniioned. On
what ground is it, then, that you are to go still
further now, and pay out of the Treasury of the
United States money belonging to the American
people to those whose claims were at that day
either so worthless or so unsupported by proof
that they did not think the evidence sufficient to
justify them in presenting these claims before
either a committee of the Senate or board of com-
missioners? If I could suppose that this money
belonged to Mexico, that it was a special fund
held by the United States which did not belong
to us, nor form part of our regular assets, it would
be a different question. I think, however, that
if any Senator will examine the treaty, h'ecannot
but come to the conclusion that the $3,250,000is
a more limitation on the amount this Government
bound itself to pay. If the claims did not come
to that amount, it was only bound to pay the
amount of the adjudication; and if they exceeded
that amount, it was only to pay to that extent.
FLORIDA. CLAIMS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair at this hour to call up the
special order, which is the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell.] The Chair
further announces to the Senate that there is an-
other special order which takes precedence at this
hour, and must first be disposed of, and that is
the bill (S. No. 230) declaratory of the acts for
carrying into effect the ninth article of the treaty
between the United States and Spain.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not desire to interfere
with the privilege of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] to goon with the debate upon the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky to-day; and
as the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,]
who takes a deep interest in the bill just referred
to fry the Chair, is not present, I move to post-
pone that bill, and make it the special order for
the first Wednesday in January; or, perhaps, I
should say the Wednesday after Congress reas-
sembles subsequent to the holidays—say the sec-
ond Wednesday in January.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was made
the special order for Wednesday the 9th of Jan-
uary. % j
STATE OF THE UNION. Vf
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution of Mr. Powell, as modified
by him on the 10th instant:
Resolved, Tiiat so much of the President's message as
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of
tlie country, and the grievances between the slaveholdmg
and the non-slavehoidmg States, he ref'eired to a f-peciaj
committee of thirteen members; and that said committee
bo nistiucted to inquire into the present condition of the
countiy, and report by bill or otherwise,
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, at a time like
this, when there seems to be a wild and unrea-
soning excitement in many parts of the country,
I certainly have very little faith in the efficacy of
any argument that may be made; but at the same
time, I must say, when I hear it stated by many
Senators in this Chamber, where we all raised our
hands to Heaven, and took a solemn oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, that
we are on the eve of a dissolution of this Union,
and that the Constitution is to be trampled under
foot—silence under such circumstances seems to
me akin to treason itself.
I have listened to the complaints on the other
side patiently, and with an ardent desire to as-
certain what was the particular difficulty under
which they were laboring. Many of those who
have supposed themselves aggrieved have spoken;
but I confess that I am now totally unable to un-
derstand precisely what it is of which they com-
plain. Why, sir, the party which lately elected
their President, and are prospectively to come
into power, have never held an executive office
under the General Government, nor has any indi-
vidual of them. It is most manifest, therefore,
that the party to which I belong have as yet
committed no act of which anybody can com-
plain. If they have fears as to the course that we
may hereafter pursue, they are mere apprehen-
sions—a bare suspicion; arising. I fear, out of their
unwarrantable prejudices, and nothing else.
I wish to ascertain at the outset whether wc
are right; for I tell gentlemen that, if they can
convince me that I am holding any political prin-
ciple that is not warranted by the Constitution
under which we live, or that trenches upon their
rights, they need not ask me to compromise it.
I will be ever ready to grant redress, and to right
myself whenever 1 am wrong. No man need
approach me with a threat that the Government
under which I live is to be destroyed; bccause I
hope 1 have now, and ever shall have, such a
sense of justice that, when any man shows me
that I am wrong, 1 shall be reauy to right it with-
out price or compromise.
Now, sir, what is it of which gentlemen com-
plain? When I left myhomeinthe West to come
to this place, all was calm, chcerful, and contested.
I heard of no discontent. I apprehended that
there was nothing to interrupt the harmonious
course of our legislation. I did not learn that,
since we adjourned from this place at the end of
the last session, there had been any new fact
intervening that should at all disturb the public
mind. 1 do not know that there has been any
encroachment upon the rights of any section of
the country since that time; I came here, therefore,
expecting to have a very harmonious session. It
is very true, sir, that the great Republican party
which has been organized ever since you repealed
the Missouri compromise, and who gave you, four
years ago, full warning that their growing strength
•would probably result as it has resulted, have
carried the late electio^ but I did not suppose
that would disturb the equanimity of this body.
I did suppose that every man who was observ-
ant of the signs of the times might well see that
things would result precisely as they have re-
sulted. Nor do I understand now that anything
growing out of that election is the cause of the
present excitement that pervades the country.
Why, Mr. President, this is a most singular
state of things. Who is it that is complaining?
They that have been in a minority? They that
have boon the subjects of an oppressive and ag-
gressive Government ? No, sir. Let us suppose
that when the leaders of the old glorious Revo-
lution met at Philadelphia cighty-iour years ago
to draw up a bill of indictment against a wicked
King and his ministers, they had been at a loss
what they should'sct foith as the causes of their
complaint. They had no difficulty in setting
them forth so that the great article of impeach-
ment will go down to all posterity as a full justifi-
cation of all the acts they did. But let us sup-
pose that, instead of its being these old patriots
who had met there to dissolve their connection
with the British Government, and to trample
their flag under foot, it had been the ministers of
the Crown, the leading members of the Biitish
Parliament, of the dominant party that had ruled
Great Britain for thirty years previous: who
would not have branded every man of them as a
traitor? Itwould be said: "Youwhohavehadthe
Government in your own hands; you who have
been the ministers of the Crown, advising every-
thing that has been done,set uphcre that you have
been oppressed and aggrieved by the action of
that very Government which you have directed
yourselves." Insteadof a sublime revolution,the
uprising of an oppressed people, ready to battle
against unequal power for their rights, it would
have been an act of treason.
How is it with the leaders of this modern rev-
olution ? Are they in a position to complain of
the action of this Government for years past?
Why, sir, they have had more than two thirds
of the Senate for many years past, and until very
recently, and have almost that now. You—who
complain, I ought to say—represent but a little
more than one fourth of the free people of these
United Suites, and yet your counsels prevail, and
have prevailed all along for at least ten years past.
In the Cabinet, in the Senate of the United States,
in the Supreme Court, in every department of the
Government, your officers, or those devoted to
you, have been in the majority, and have dic-
tated all the policies of this Government. Is it
not strange, sir, that they who now occupy these
positions should comc here and complain that
their rights are stricken down by the action of
the Government?
But what has caused this great excitement that
undoubtedly prevails in a portion of our coun-
try? If the newspapers are to he credited, there
is a reign of terror in all the cities and large towns
in the southern portion of this community that
looks very much like the reign of terror in Paris
during the French revolution. There are acts
of violence that we read of almost every day,
wherein the rights of northern men are stricken
down, where they are sent back with indignities,
where tlicy are scourged, tarred, feathered, and
murdered, and no inquiry made as to the cause.
I do not suppose that the regular Government, in
times of cxcitement like these, is really responsi-
ble for such acts. I know that these" outbreaks
of passion, these terrible excitements that some-
times pervade a community, are entirely inro
