100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
pressible by the law of the country. I suppose that
is the case now; because if these outrages against
northern citizens were really authorized by the
State authorities there, were they a foreign Gov-
ernment, everybody knows, if it were the strong-
est Government on earth, we should declare war
upon her in one day.
But what has caused this great excitement ?
Sir, I will tell you what I suppose it is. I do
not (and I say it frankly) so much blame the
people of the South; because they believe, and
they are led to believe by all the information that
ever comes before them, that we, the dominant
party to-day, who have just seized upon the reins
of this Government, are their mortal enemies,
and stand ready to trample their institutions un-
der foot. They have been told so by our ene-
mies at the North. Their misfortune, or their
fault, is that they have lent a too easy ear to the
insinuations of those \€ho are our mortal ene-
mies, while they would not hear us.
Now I wish to inquire, in the first place, hon-
estly, candidly, and fairly, whether the southern
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber, that
complain so much, have any reasonable grounds
for that complaint—1 mean when they are really
informed as to our position.
Northern Democrats have sometimes said that
we had personal liberty bills in some few of the
States of the North, which somehow trenched
upon th§ rights of the South under the fugitive bill to
recapture their runaway slaves; a position that in
not more than two or three cases, so far as I can see,
has the slightest foundation in fact; and even of
those where it is mostcomplained of,if the provis-
ions of their law are really repugnant to that of the
United States, they are utterly void, and the courts
would declare them so the moment you brought
them up. Thus it is that I tun glad to hear the
candor of those gentlemen on the other side, that
they do not complain of these laws. The Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Ivkrson] himself told us that
they had never suffered any injury, to his knowl-
edge and belief, from those bills, and they eared
nothing about them. The Senator from Virginia
(Mr. Mason] said the same thing; and I believe
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown-.] You
all, then, have given up this bone of contention,
this matter of complaint which northern men
have set forth as a grievance more than any-
body else.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me
one moment?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I know he does not intend to
misrepresent me or other gentlemen here. What
! said was, that the repeal of those laws would
furnish no cause of satisfaction to the southern
States. Ouropinionsof those laws wegavefreely.
We said the repeal of those laws would give no
satisfaction.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to misrepresent anything. I understood those gen-
tlemen to suppose that they had not been injured
by them. I understood the Senator from Virginia
to believe that they were enacted in a spirit of hos-
tility to the institutions of the South, and to ob-
ject to them not because the acts themselves had
done them any hurt, but because they were really
a stamp of degradation upon southern men, or
something like that—I do not quote his words.
The other Senators that referred to it probably in-
tended to bcunderstoodinthesameway; but they
did acquit these laws of having done them injury
to their knowledge or belief.
I do not believe that these laws were, as the
Senator supposed, enacted with a view to exas-
perate the South, or to put them in a position of
degradation. Why, sir, these laws against kid-
napping are as oid as the common law itself, as
that Senator well knows. To take a freeman and
forcibly carry him out of the jurisdiction of the
State, has ever been, by all civilized countries, ad-
judged to be a great crime; and in most of them,
wherever I have understood anything about it,
they have penal laws to punish such an offense.
I believe the State of Virginia has one to-day as
stringent in all its provisions as almost any other
of which you complain. I have not looked over
the statute-books of the South; but I do not doubt
that there will be found this species of legislation
upon all your statute-books.
Here let me say, because the subject occurs to
me right here, the Senator from Virginia seemed
not so much to point out any specific acts that
northern people nad done injurious to your prop-
erty , as what he took to be a dishonor and a deg-
radation. I think I feel as sensitive upon that
subject as any other man. If I know myself, I
am the last man that would be the advocate of any
law or any act that would humiliate or dishonor
any section of this country, or any individual in
it; and, on the other hand, let me tell these gen-
tlemen I am exceedingly sensitive upon that same
point, whatever they may think about it. I would
rather sustain an injury- than an insult or dis-
honor; and I would be as unwilling to inflict it
upon others as I would be to submit to it myself.
I never will do either the one or the other if I
know it.
I have already said that these gentlemen who
make these complaints have for a long series of
years had this Government in their own keeping.
They belong to the dominant majority. 1 may
say that these same gentlemen who rise up on this
floor and draw their bill of indictment against us,
have been the leaders of that dominant party for
many years past. Therefore, if there is anything
in the legislation of the Federal Government that
is not right, you, and not we, are responsible for
it; for we never have been invested with the power
to modify or control the legislation of the country
for an hour. I know that charges have been
made and rung in our ears, and reiterated over
and over again, that we have been unfaithful in
the execution of your fugitive hill. Sir, that
law is exceedingly odious to any free people. It
deprives us of all the old guarantees of liberty
that the Anglo-Saxon race everywhere have con-
sidered sacred—more sacred than anything else.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to say a word?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
M.r. GREEN. It is simply this: It has been
said ^hat the practical operation of the so-called
liberty bills of the North has not affected any-
body; but they do act as evideneeofa public sen-
timent adverse to the execution of the Federal law
to reclaim our slaves under the Constitution; and
a repeal of those laws would not be worth one
single straw while the sentimentremains. I know
from practical observation that in nine cases out
of ten you cannot catch a fugitive slave; and I
know more than that; you foifeityour life when-
ever you make the attempt.
One word more: when it is said that this fugi-
tive slave law is obnoxious to the North, and runs
counter to these old guarantees concerning per-
sonal liberty, I say that the recovery of fugitives
from justice is, under the Constitution and under
the law, just as summary without trial by jury,
and must of necessity be so. Why is not the
same complaint made about forgers,and murder-
ers, and scoundrels tjjat steal? Not a word of
liberty bills in their behalf; but all for the negro.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair will feel called upon to
enforce the order to clear the galleries if any dis-
turbance occurs hereafter.
Mr. WADE. Never mind, Mr. President; let
them cheer the fugitive slave law if they please.
I have no objection to it.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator to allow me
one instant. I wisli to say that if this disorder
again occurs—if this indignity is again offeied to
the Senate—I shall deem it my duty to insist that
the rules of the Senate bo enforced, and the gal-
leries cleared.
Mr. HALE. Suppose we consider that threat
made for every day during the rest of the session.
It has been made every day heretofore, and has
never been enforced, and probably never will be.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
repeat that he will feel himself bound by the rules
of the Senate to order the galleries to be cleared
if a disturbance is made, without a motion from
any member of the Senate, considering that the
Chair is hound to enforce the rules. The Sena-
tor from Ohio will proceed.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, the gentleman
says, if I understood him, that these fugitives
might be turned over to the authorities of the
State from whence they came. That would be a
very poor remedy for a free man in humble circum-
stances who was taken under the provisions of
this bill in a summary way, to be carried—where ?
Where he came from? There is no law that re-
quires that he should be carried there. Sir, if he
is a free man he may be carried into the market
place anywhere in a slave State; and what chance
has he, a poor, ignorant individual, and a stranger,
of asserting any rights there, even if there were
no prejudices or partialities against him? That
would be the mere mockery of justice and nothing
else, and the Senator well knows it. Sir, I know
that from the stringent, summary provisions of
this bill, free men have been kidnapped and carried
into captivity and sold into everlasting slavery.
Will any man who has a regard to the sovereign
rights of the State rise here and complain that a
State shall not make a law to protect her own
people against kidnapping and violent seizuies
from abroad? Of all men, I believe those who
have made most of these complaints should be the
last to rise and deny the power of a sovereign State
to protect her own citizens against any Federal
legislation whatever. These liberty bills, in my
judgment, have been passed, not with a view of
degrading the South, but with an honest purpose
of guarding the lights of their own citizens from
unlawful seizures and abductions. I was exceed-
ingly glad to hear that the Senators on the other
side had arisen in their places and had said that
the repeal of those laws would not relieve the
case from the difficulties under which they now
labor.
How is it with the execution of your fugitive
bill? Sir, I have heard it here, I have read it in
the papers, I have met it everywhere, that the
people of the free States, and especially the great
Republican party, were unfaithful on this subject,
and did not properly execute this law. It has been
said, with such a tone and under such circum-
stances here, that, although I was sure that in the
State from which I come these insinuations had
no foundation in truth, I could not rise here and
repel them in the face of those that say, Wo will
not believe a single word you say. I never did,
and I never would, until our enemies, those who
have ever opposed us and who have censured us
upon this subject, had arisen here in their places,
! and at length, with a magnanimity that I com-
mend, have said that this was not so. My col-
league, with a magnanimity for which I give him
my thanks, has stood forth here to testify that in
the State which I in pait repiesent, the Republi-
can courts and the Republican juries have fulfilled
tins repulsive duty with perfect faithfulness. So
said the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas;]
and if 1 understood him, so also said the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.] Therefore, sir, this
calumny upon us is removed so far as the state-
ment of our political enemies can make the aver-
ment good. I know that our courts, \v hen a case
is brought before them—I do not care what their
politics may be—feel bound to administer the law
just as they find it; and let me say to gentlemen
from the South upon the other side, where you
have lost one slave from the unfaithfulness of our
legislative or judicial tribunals, we have had ten
men murdered by your mobs, frequently under
circumstances of the most savage character.
Why, sir, I can hardly take up a paper—and
I rely, too, upon southern papers—which does
not give an account of the cruel treatment of some
man who is traveling for pleasure or for business
in your quarter; and the lightest thing you do is
to visit him with a vigilance committee, and com-
pel him to return: "Wegive you so long to make
your way out of our coast." " What is the accu-
sation?" "Why, sir, you are from Ohio." They
do not even inquire what party he belongs to, or
what standard he has followed. I say this is the
case, if I may rely on the statements of your own
papers; and many of these outrages occur under
circumstances of cruelty that would disgrace a
savage; and we have no security now in travel-
ing in ntarly one half of the Union, and espe-
cially the gulf States of this Confederacy. I care
not what a man's character may be; he may be
perfectly innocent of every charge; he may be a
man who never has violated any law under heaven;
and yet if be goes down into those States, and it
is ascertained that he is from the North, and espe-
cially if he differs from them in the exercise of
his political rights, if he has voted for Lincoln in-
stead of for somebody else, it is a mortal offense,
punishable by indignity, by tar and feathers, by
stripes, and even by death; and yet you, whose
constituents are guilty of all these things, can
