1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
and most palpable issue that ever was presented
to the American people, and one that they under-
stood the best. There is no mistaking it; and
now, when we come to the Capitol, I tell you
that our President and our Vice President must
be inaugurated, and administer the Government
as all their predecessors have done. Sir, it would
be humiliating and dishonorable to us if we were
to listen to a compromise by which he who has
the verdict of the people in his pocket, should
make his way to the presidential chair. When
it comes to that, you have no Government; an-
archy intervenes; civil war may follow it; all the
evils that may come to the human imagination
may be consequent upon such a course as that.
The moment the American people cut loose from
the sheet anchor of free government and liberty—
that is, whenever it is denied in this Government
that a majority fairly given shall rule—the people
are unworthy of free government. Sir, I know
not what others may do; but I tell you that, with
the verdict of the people given in favor of the plat-
form upon which our candidates have been elected,
so far as I am concerned, I would suffer anything
to come before I would compromise that away.
I regard it as a case where i have no right to ex-
tend comity or generosity. A right, an absolute
right, the most sacred that a free people can ever
bestow on any man, is their undisguised, fair
verdict, that gives him a title to the office that lie
is chosen to fill; and he is recreant to the prmci-
>le of free government who will ask a question
eyond the fact whether a man has the verdict of
the people, or if he will entertain for a momenta
imposition in addition to that. It is all I want,
f we cannot stand there, we cannot stand any-
where. Any other principle than that would be
as fatal to you, my friends, as to us. On any
other principle, anarchy must immediately ensue.
You say that he comes from a particuku section
of the country. What of that? Ifhotsanhon-
est man, bound by his constitutional duties, has
he not as good a right to come from one side as
the other? Here, gentlemen, we ought to under-
stand each other's duties a little. I appeal to every
candid man upon the other side, and 1 put this
question: if you had elected your candidate, Mr.
Breckinridge, although we should have been a
good deal disheartened, as everybody is that loses
his choice in such a matter as this; although it
would have been an overthrow that we should
have deplored very much, as we have had occa-
sion almost alwaysto deploretheresultof national
elections, still do you believe that we would have
raised a hand against the Constitution ofour coun-
try because we were fairly beaten m an election?
Sir, I do not believe there is a man on the other
side who will not do us more credit than to sup-
pose that if the case were reversed, there would
oe any complaint on our side. There never has
been any from us under similar circumstances,
and there would notbe now. Sir, I think we have
patriotism enough to overcome the pride anil the
prejudice of the canvass, and submit gracefully
to the unmistakable verdict of the people; and as
I have shown that you have nothing else to com-
plain of, I take it that this is your complaint.
Some of you have said that the election of Mr.
Lincoln showed hostility to you and your insti-
tution. Sir, it is the common fate of paities to
differ, and one does not intend to follow exactly
the course of policy of the other; but when you
talk of constitutional rights and duties, honest men
will observe them alike, no matter to what party
they belong.
I say, then, that so far as I am concerned, I
will yield to no compromise. • I do not come here
begging, either. It would be an indignity to the
people that I represent if I were to stand here
parleying as to the rights of the party to which
£ belong. We have won our right to the Chief
Magistracy of this nation in the way that you
have always won your predominance; and if you
are as willing to do justice to others as to exact
it from them, you would never raise an inquiry
as to a committee forcompromises. Here I beg,
barely for myself, to say one thing more. Many
of you stand in an attitude hostile to this Govern-
ment; that is to say, you occupy an attitude
where you threaten that, unless we do so and so,
you will go out of this Union and destroy the
Government. I say to you, for myself, that, in
my private capacity, I never yielded to anything
by way of threat, and in my public capacity I
have no right to yield to any such thing; and
therefore I would not entertain a proposition for
any compromise; for, in my judgment, this long,
chronic controversy that has" existed between us
must be met, and met upon the principles of the
Constitution and laws, and met now. I hope it
may be adjusted to the satisfaction of all; and I
know no other way to adjust it, except that way
which is laid down by the Constitution of the
United States. Whenever we go astray from
that, we are sure to plunge ourselves into difficul-
ties. The old Constitution of the United States,
although commonly and frequently in direct oppo-
sition to what 1 could wish, nevertheless, in my
judgment, is the wisest and best Constitution that
ever yetorganized a free Government; and by its
provisions I am willing, and intend, to stand or
fall. Like the Senator from Mississippi, I ask
nothing more. I ask no ingrafting upon it. I ask
nothing to be taken away from it. Under its pro-
visions a nation has grown faster than any other
in the history of the world ever did before in pros-
perity, in power, and in all that makes a nation
great and glorious. It has ministered to the ad-
vantages of this people; and now 1 am unwilling
to add or take away anything till I can see much
clearer than I can now that it wants either any
addition or lopping off.
There is one other subject about which I ought
to say something. Oil that side of the Chamber,
you claim the constitutional right, if I understand
you, to secede from the Government at pleasure,
and set up an adverse Government of your own;
that one State, or any number of States, have a
perfect constitutional right to do it. Sir, I can
find no warrant in the Constitution for any doc-
trine like that. In my judgment, it would be sub-
versive of all constitutional obligation. If this is
so, we leally have not now, and never have had,
a Government; for that certainly is no Govern-
ment of which a State can do just as it pleases,
any more Lhan it would be of an individual. How
can a man be said to be governed by law, if lie
will obey the law or not just as he sees fit? It
puts you out of the pale of Government, and re-
duces this Union of ours, of which we have all
boasted so much, to a mere conglomeration of
Stales, to be held at the will of any capricious
member of it. As to South Carolina, I will say
that she is a small State; and probably, if she
were sunk by an earthquake to-day, we would
hardly ever find it out, except by the unwonted
harmony that might prevail m this Chamber.
[Laughter.] But I think she is unwise. I would
be willing that she should go her own gait, pro-
vided we could do it without an example fatal to
all government; but standing here m the highest
council of the nation, my own wishes, if 1 had
any, must be under the control of my constitu-
tional duty.
I do not. see how any man can contend that a
State can gooutof thisUnion at pleasure, though
I do not propose now to argue that question, be-
cause that has been done by men infinitely more
able to argue it than I am. When it was raised
some thirty years ago, and challenged the investi-
gation of the best minds of this nation of all par-
ties, it received a verdict that I supposed had put
it at rest forever. General Jackson, with alt the
eminent men thatsuirounded him in his Cabinet,
and in the councils of the nation, with hardly any
exception, except Mr. Calhoun, held that the
doctrine was a delusion, not to be found in the
Constitution of the United States; and not only
so, but utterly destructive of all Governments.
Mr. Calhoun held the contrary. Mr. Webster,
in his great controversy with Mr. Hayne upon
that subject, was supposed to have overthrown
him, even upon nullification, so utterly, that it
was believed at the time that the doctrine could
never arise or sprout up again. But here it is to
day in full bloom and glory: a State has a right
to secede. Mr. Calhoun did not hold so. He
held that a State had a right to nullify a law of
Congress that they believed to be unconstitutional.
He took that distinction between the power of
a State to nullify a law of Congress and seces-
sion. Grounding herself upon the resolutions of
1798-99, he held that a State, in her sovereign
capacity, judging in the last resort as to whether
a law was warranted by the Constitution or not,
must be the sole judge of the infraction of the
Constitution by the enactment of a law, and also
of the mode of remedy. In that, he hardly had
a second at that period. But when you come to
the doctrine of secession, lie himself says that
that is not a constitutional remedy. He did not
treat it as such. Way, sir, he goes much further
than the President of the United States has gone
in his message, in which he declares that the
United States has no power to make war upon a
seceding State. Mr. Calhoun says we undoubt-
edly have that power. One remedy he calls peace-
able and constitutional, and the other not. 1 have
not the book with me; I intended to have brought
it, but forgot it; but you will find this doctrine
laid down in his famous letter to Governor Ham-
ilton, taking and working out the distinction be-
tween peaceable nullification and secession, that
puts an end to all the relationship between the
General Government and the State, and enables
the General Government, if they see fit, to declare
war upon such a State. Therefore I take it that
a State has no constitutional right to go out of this
Government.
I acknowledge, to the fullest extent, the right
of revolution, if you may call it a right, and the
destruction of the Government under which we
live, if we are discontented with it, and on its
rums to erect another more in accordance with
our wishes. I believe nobody at this day denies
the right; but they that undertake it, undertake it
with this hazard: if they are successful, then all
is right, and they are heroes; if they are defeated,
they are rebels. That is the character of all rev-
olution: if successful, of course it is well; if un-
successful, then the Government from which they
have rebelled treats them as traitors.
I do not say this because I apprehend that any
party intends to make war upon a seceding State.
1 only assert their light fiom the nature of the
act, if they see fit to do so; but I would not ad-
vise nor counsel it. I should be very tender of
the rights of a people, if I had full power over
(hem, who are about to destroy a Government
which they deliberately come to the conclusion
they cannot live under; but I am persuaded that
the necessities of our position compel us to take
a more austere ground, and hold that if a State
secedes, although we will not make war upon
her, we cannot recognize her right to be out of
the Union, and she is not out until she gains the
consent of the Union itself; and that the Chief
Magistrate of the nation, be he who he may,
will find under the Constitution of the United
States that it is his sworn duty to execute the law
in every part and parcel of this Government; that
he cannot be released from that obligation; for
there is nothing in the Constitution of the United
States that would warrant him in saying that a
single star has fallen from this galaxy of stars in
the Confederacy. He is sworn not to know that
a State has seceded, or pay the least respect to
their resolutions that claim they have. What
follows ? Not that we would make warupon her,
but wc should have to exercise every Federal
right over her if we had the power; and the most
important of these would be the collection of the
revenues. There are many rights that the Fed-
eral Government exercises over the States for the
peculiar benefit of the people there, which, if
they did not want, they could dispense with. If
they did not want the mails carried there, the
President might abolish the offices, and cease to
carry their mails. They might forego any such "
duty peculiarly for the benefit of the people.
They might not elect their officers and send them
here. It is a privilege they have; but we cannot
force them to do it. They have the right under the
Constitution to be represented upon equal terms
with any other State; but if they see fit to forego
that right, and do not claim it, it is not incum-
bent upon the President to endeavor to force
them to do an act of that kind.
But when you come to those duties which im-
pose obligations upon them, in common with the
other members of the Confederacy, he cannot be
released from his duty. Therefore, it will be in-
cumbent on the Chief Magistrate to proceed to
collect the revenue of ships entering their ports,
precisely in the same way and to the same extent
that he does now in every other State of the Union.
We cannot release him from that obligation.
The Constitution, in thunder tones, demands that
he shall do it alike in the ports of every State.
What follows? Why, sir, if he shuts up the
ports of entry so that a ship cannot discharge her
cargo there orgetpapers for another voyage, then
