104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
ships will cease to trade; or, if he undertakes to
blockade her, and thus collect it, she has not
gained her independence by secession. What
must she do? If she is contented to live in this
equivocal state all would be well, perhaps; but
she could not live there. No people in the world
could live in that condition. What will they do?
They must take the initiative and declare war
upon the United States; and the moment that they
levy war force must be met by forco; and they
must, therefore, hew out their independence by
violence and war. There is no other way under
the Constitution, that I know of, whereby a Chief
Magistrate of any politics could be released from
this duty. If this State, though seceding, should
declare war against the United States, X do not
suppose there is a lawyer in this body but what
would say that the act of levying war is treason
against the United States. That is where it re-
sults. We might just as well look the matter right
in the face.
The Senator from Texas says—it is not exactly
his language—we will force you to an ignomin-
ious treaty up in Faneuil Hall. Well, sir, you
may. We know you are brave; we understand
your prowess; we want no fight with you; but,
nevertheless, if you drive us to that necessity, we
must use all the powers of this Government to
maintain it intact m its integrity. If we are over-
thrown, we but share the fate of a thousand other
Governments that have been subverted. If you
are the weakest, then you must go to the wall;
and that is all there is about it. That is the con-
dition in which we stand, provided a State sets
herself up in opposition to the General Govern-
ment. .
I say that is the way it seems to me, as a law-
yer. I see no power in the Constitution to re-
lease a Senator from this position. Sir, if there
was any other, if there was an absolute right of
.secession in the Constitution of the United States
when wo stepped up there to take our oath of
office, why was there not an exception in that
oath ? Why did it not run " that we would sup-
port the Constitution of the United States unless
our State shall secede before our term was out?"
Sir, there is 110 such immunity. There is 110 way
by which this can be done that I can conccivu of,
except it is standing upon the Constitution of the
United States, demanding equal justice for all,
and vindicating the old flag of the Union. We
must maintain it, unless we are cloven down by
superior force.
Well, sir, it may happen that you can make
your way out of the Union, and that, by levying
war upon the Government, you may vindicate
your right to independence. Ifyou should do
so, I have a policy in my mind. No man would
regret more than myself that any portion of the
people of these United States should think them-
selves impelled, by grievances or anything else, to
depart out of this Union, and raise a foreign flag
and a hand against the General Government. If
there was any just cause oil God's earth that I
could sec that was within my reach, of honorable
release from any such pretended grievance, they
should have it; but they sot forth none; I can see
none. It is all a matter of prejudice, superin-
duced unfortunately, I believe, as I intimated
before, more because you have listened to the
enemies of the Republican party and what they
said of us, while, from your intolerance, you have
shut out all light as to what oar real principles
arc. We have been called and branded in the
North and in the South and everywhere else, as
John Brown men, as men hostile to your institu-
tions, as meditating an attack upon your institu-
tions in your own States—a thing that 110 Repub-
lican ever dreamed of or ever thought of, but has
protested against as often as the question has been
up; but your people believe it. No doubt they
believe it because of the terrible excitement and
reign of terror that prevails there. No doubt they
think so, but it arises from false information, or
the want of information—that is all. Their pre-
judices have been appealed to until they have be-
come uncontrolled and uncontrollable.
Well, sir, if it shall be so; if that "glorious
Union," as we all call it, under which the Gov-
ernment has so long lived and prospered, is now
about to come to a final end, as perhaps it may,
I have been looking around to see what policy
wo should adopt; and through that gloom which
has been mentioned on the other side, if you will
have it so, I still see a glorious future for those
who stand by the old flag of the nation. There
lie the fair fields of Mexico all before us. The
people there are prejudiced against you. They
fear you intend to overrun and enslave them.
You are a slavery propaganda, and you are filli-
busters. That has raised a violent antagonism
between you and them. But, sir, if we were
once released from all obligation to this institu-
tion, in six months they would invite us to take
a protectorate over them. They owe England a
large debt, and she has been coaxingand inviting
us to take the protectorate of that nation. They
will aid us in it; and I say to the commercial
men of the North, if you go along with me, and
a'doptthis policy, if we must come to this, you
will be seven-fold indemnified by the trade and
commeice of that country for what you lose by
the secession. Talk about eating ice and granite
in the North! Why, sir, Great Britain now car-
ries on a commerce with Mexico to the amount
of nearly a hundred million dollars. How much
of it do we get? O.ily about eight million. Why
so? Because, by our treatment of Mexico, we
have led them to frar and to hate us; and they
have been compelled, by our illiberal policy, to
place themselves under the shadow of a stronger
nation for their own protection.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and
my colleague [Mr.Pucii] have said that we Black
Republicans were advocates of negro equality, and
that we wanted to build up a black government.
Sir, it will be one of the most blessed ideas of the
times, if it shall come to this, that we will make
inducements for every free black among us to find
his home in a more congenial climate m Central
America or in Lower Mexico, and we will be
divested of every one of them; and then, endowed
with the splendid domain that we shall get, we
will adopt a homestead policy, and we will invite
the poor, the destitute, industrious white man from
every clime under heaven, to come 111 there and
make his fortune. So, sir, we will build up a
nation, renovated by this process, of white labor-
ing men. You may build yours up on compulsory
servile labor, and the two will flourish side by
side; and we shall very soon see whether your
principles, or that state of society, or ours, is the
most prosperous or vigorous. I might say, sir,
that, divested of this institution, who doubts that
the provinces of Canada would knock at our doors
in a day ? Therefore, my friends, we have all the
elements for building up an empire—a Republic,
founded on the great principles of the Declaration
of Independence, that shall be more magnificent,
more powerful, and more just than this world has
ever seen at any other period. I do not know that
I should have a single second for this policy; but
it is a policy that occurs to me, and it reconciles
me in some measure to the threatened loss or
secession of these States.
But, sir, I am for maintaining the Union of
these States. I will sacrifice everything hut honor
to maintain it. That glorious old flag of ours, by
any act of mine, shall never cease to wave over
the integrity of this Union as it is. But if they
will not have it so, in this new, renovated Gov-
ernment of which I have spoken, the 4th of July,
with all its glorious memories, will never bo re-
pealed. The old flag of 177G will be in ourhands,
and shall float over this nation forever; and this
Capitol, that some gentlemen said would be re-
served for the southern republic, shall still be
the Capitol. It was laid out by Washington; it
was consecrated by him; and the old flag that he
vindicated in the Revolution shall still float from
the Capitol. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will take proper measures to preserve
order in the gallery or clear it.
Mr. WADE. I say, sir, I stand by the Union
of these States. Washington and his compatriots
fought for that good old flag. It shall never be
hauled down, but shall be the glory of the Gov-
ernment to which I belong, as long as my life
shall continue. To maintain it, Washington and
his compatriots fought for liberty and the rights
of man. And here i will add that my own father,
although but a humble soldier, fought 111 the
same great cause, and went through hardships
and privations sevenfold worse than death, in
order to bequeath it to his children. It is my
inheritance. It was my protector in infancy, and
the pride and glory of my riper years; and, Mr.
President, although it may be assailed by traitors
on every side, by the grace of God, under its
shadow I will die.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
Mr. LATHAM. With the permission of the
Senator from Tennessee, I move the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator withdraw that
motion, for an executive session?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly; I withdraw it for
that purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 17, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. John Chambers, of Philadelphia.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make the usual order setting apart
two days for the consideration of territorial busi-
ness. I prefer that those days should be before
the holidays, so that if the House adjourn over,
the Senate can take up and act upon whatever we
shall pass. I ask the House to set apart Thurs-
day and Friday of this week.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before that is done, I would
suggest that it would be better to determine the
question whether we will or will not adjourn over
duiing the holidays.
Mr.GROW. Whether we adjourn over or not,
this is a proper time to determine what days we
will devote for territorial business.
JVIr. MAYNARD. If we adjourn forholidays,
we will probably adjourn over from Thursday,
which is one of the clays indicated by the gentle-
man; but as I dislike to make objection, if no
other gentleman entertains the same views 1 do,
1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. HUGHES. What days are proposed to
be set apart?
The SPEAKER. Thursday and Friday of this
week.
Mr. HUGHES. I certainly shall object if
Friday is embraced in the motion, for that is the
day always devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate business. If we transact any business on
Friday, I insist that we shall devote that day to
doing justice to private claimants.
Mr. GROW. Friday has usually been one of
the days set apart for territorial business.
Mr. HUGHES. If the gentleman will indicate
any other day than Friday, 1 shall not object. I
would suggest Wednesday and Thursday.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to those
days.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Has the
Committee on Territories been called for bills in
reference to the Territories?
The SPEAKER. That will be the regular
order of business this morning.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House—and to that I suppose there will be
no objection—to allow the Committee on Terri-
tories to have the bills they propose to have acted
upon that day, numbered and printed in the same
manner as if they had been reported.
No objection being made,an order to that effect
was entered.
MAJOR LEWIS TALIAFERO.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move that the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Major Lewis Taliaforo, of Pennsylvania, and
that, the same be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
