1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
retary of the Interior, recommending an appro-
priation to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tion for the suppression of the slave trade for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, and an appro-
priation for the suppression of the slave trade for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to set apart some day for the con-
sideration of business relative to the District of
Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
New York indicate a day for the judgment of
the House?
Mi. CARTER. I will name to-morrow, (Tues-
day,) as Wednesday and Thursday have been
set apart for other business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York proposes that to-morrow be set apart for
the consideration of business for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee for the Distinct of Columbia
that it would be better to fix a day at a later
period; sav next Thursday week.
Mr. CARTER. Very well, sir.
The SPEAKER. Thursday week is now pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BURNETT. That day will he within
the holidays. I would suggest next Monday—
this day week.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We shall probably ad-
journ on Saturday of this week until next Mon-
day week; and if the District of Columbia really
has any business that needs attention, it will be
well to give them some day when they can be
heard.
Mr. CARTER. Then I will fix upon two
weeks from Thursday next.
The question was taken on Mr. Carter's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
CALL OF STATES FOR BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the rule,
will now call the States and Territories for bills
and resolutions—first for bills; and as some mem-
bers may not remember the rule on this subject,
the Clerk will read it. It is rule 130.
' The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 130. All the States and Territories ^hall be called for bills
on leave and resolutions on each alternate Monday during
each session of Congress; and, necessary to sccuie the
objeei on said days, all resolutions which shall give rise to
debate shall lie over lor di&cussion, under the rules of the
House already established : and the whole of said days shall
be appropiiated to bills on leave and resolution^, until all the
States and Ternloiies are called through. And the Speaker
shall first call the States and Tern tones for bills on leave;
and all bills so inttoduced duimg the fn^t hour after the
Journal is read shall be letencd, without debate, to their
appropriate committees: Provided, however, That a bill so
introduced and releired shall not be brought back into the
IIou e upon a motion to reconsider,"
The SPEAKER. In pursuance of that rule,
the Chair will now call the States and Territories
for bills, beginning with the State of Maine.
PROGRESS OF THE USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. BURNHAM introduced a bill to piomote
the progress of the useful arts; which was read a
first and sccond time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS introduced a bill
to establish an additional judicial district in the
State of New York, and in relation to the courts
of the United States in said State; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I do not know
whether it is in order at this time or not; but I
desire the unanimous consent of the House to
make a report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in the ease of Judge Watrous.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. Well, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. Let us hear what his
report is.
The SPEAKER. It is in the case of Judge
Watrous.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I propose to
have the report printed, and a day assigned for
the consideration of the case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to assigning any
day for its consideration until other orders are
disposed of.
Mr. JOHN II. REYNOLDS. If there is any
objection, I withdraw the report.
Mr. HICKMAN. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to having a day assigned for the consid-
eration of this case. It is very important that
this report should be made, so that the members
of the House may have an opportunity of exam-
ining it before they are called upon to act; and I
think the gentleman from Tennessee should not
raise this objection. Each member of the House
must desire to have the printed report beforehim,
and a day assigned for its consideration, so that
if an impeachment of Judge,'Watrous should be
ordered by this House, it may go to the Senate
at the earliest possible day.
This case has occasioned a great deal of ex-
pense, and a large consumption of time; and if
it is delayed until the close of this session, it may
be that time and expense will have been expended
in vain. I trust, therefore, that the objection may
be withdrawn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee whether the exami-
nation had before his committee at this Congress
has been an ex parte one, or whether the examina-
tion has been conducted in the presence of the
party accused?
Mr. HICKMAN. The examination was not
conducted in the presence of Judge Watrous,
and it was ex parte.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress a similar investi-
gation of this case was had by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and they reported, I believe unanimously,
a resolution of impeachment, that was not acted
upon. In the Thiity-Fifth Congress the case
was again brought up and referred to the Judiciary
Committee. Judge Watrous appeared before the
committee, as I understand, by himself and by
counsel, and a very full and elaborate investiga-
tion was had of the case. A report was then
made, four of the committee recommending the
impeachment of Judge Watrous, four recom-
mending his discharge, and one—Judge Caskie,
of Virginia—not acting. A day was assigned for
a hearing of the case in the House. It was very
fully and elaborately argued on both sides, and
more fully considered, probably, than any other
question that camc up before the last Congress,
unless it was the Lecompton bill; and after full
investigation and discussion, the House, by a
very decided majority, voted against the impeach-
ment. It seems that the matter has again been
referred to the Judiciary Committee; an ex parte
examination has been had, as the chairman of the
committee informs us, and we are asked again to
consider it. f suppose it was purely accidental
that, in organizing the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of this House, none of the gentlemen on that
committee who reported in favor of Judge Wat-
rous were replaced upon it. I refer to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Clark,] and the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tappan.]
The fourth member of the committee who reported
in favor of Judge Watrous—Mr. Ready, of Ten-
nessee—is no longer a member of the House. I
am opposed to consuming this session, which is
short, and which will necessarily be occupied
with the gravest and most important questions,
going to the very existence ana perpetuity of our
Union, by setting apart any day for the special
examination of this case, which was so fully ex-
amined and disposed of in th^last Congress.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. If I have no
opportunity of having a day set apart for the
consideration of the case, I withdraw the report.
Mr. HOUSTON. What disposition has been
made of the report?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has withdrawn it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was the committee called
regularly ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the gentleman asked
unanimous consent to make the report, and it
was given. Ho now withdraws it.
; Mr. HOUSTON. My impression is that con-
sent had better be given to allow the report to
come in and he printed, because it is, as I under-
stand, voluminous, and that was one of the dif-
ficulties that stood in the way of the investigation
of the case when it was reported by the commit-
tee of the last Congress. The evidence is very
voluminous, and it was not examined. There
were a great many members who never read it
at all; and they were candid enough to say so,
and will tell you so now. I think the ends of
justico will be promoted by allowing the report
to be made and printed, so that members can ex-
amine it. If there be no objection to assigning a
day for its consideration, of course the objection
will hold good; but I do think the report ought
to be brought before the House at the earliest
practicable moment.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected, Mr.
Speaker, that at the close of the first session of
the last Congress a report was made in this case;
the report and evidence ordered to be printed;and
a day set apart for their consideration at an early
period of the second session.
A Member. I make the point of order that all
this debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order being
made, the Chair must rule the discussion out of
order.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I withdraw the
report.
LA-NDS OF NEW YORK INDIANS.
Mr. FENTON presented memorials from the
following tribes of New York Indians, viz: Ca-
yugas,Oneidas,Tuscaroras,Onondagas,and Sen-
ecas, praying compensation for lands in Kansas
under the treaty of Januaiy 15,1838; which were
severally referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
WILLIAM A. LINN'S ESTATE.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask that the Senate bill
(No. 518) for the relief of William A. Linn's
estate be taken from the Speaker's table, and
refeued to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was read a first and sccond time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is the bill in order under
the call ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HICKMAN. My object is merely to have
the bill referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to its being taken
.up and referred, unless it is done regularly in
order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I suppose, Mr. Speaker,
that the objection comes too late, the bill having
been read a firsPand second time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I objected at the first
moment I possibly could after the bill was read
by the Clerk, and as soon as I could understand
what it was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes in time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask whether this bill is
not in regard to the subject-matter of mileage ?
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir, I believe not. I
really do not myself understand what the bill is
about.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My understanding is that
it is a bill touching the matter of mileage due to
an ex-member.
The SPEAKER. The bill seems to be in ref-
erence to the discharge of certain sureties.
Mr. HICKMAN. The bill was passed by both
Houses at the last session; but, as the President
did not receive it till the last day of the session, he
declined to sign it for that reason.
The bill was read for information. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to satisfy a judg-
ment rendered by the circuit court of the county
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, at the Oc-
tober term of 1857, in favor of Thomas C. Rey-
nolds and against the late William A. Linn, Tor
defending Linn in a suit brought against him as
an officer of the United States.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to
that bill being referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
COMPROMISE MEASURES.
Mr.' FLORENCE. I ask leave to submit prop-
ositions with a view to their reference to the com-
mittee of thirty-three. I simply desire them to
be read and referred.
