1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Louisville Democrat says that he did not say
it. I ask my colleague now, if he believes that
a State has a right to secede?
Several Members. Answer the question,
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I say I do
not believe a State has. [Cries of " That is no
answer to the question !"] I am for the Union,
the Constitution, and for the enforcement of the
laws, as long as I am a member of the Union.
[Great applause in the galleries.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will order the
galleries to be cleared if applause or disapproval
is again manifested. The Chair will airest this
whole debate. It is all out of order. This bill
has been made the special order, and the gentle-
man from Virginia will confine his remarks to the
sloops-of-war.
The LEAKE. I rise to a question of the highest
privilege. I demand that the galleries be cleared.
[Loud cries of "No!" 41 No!"]
Mr. ADRAIN. All except the ladies'gallery.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think the galle-
ries behave better than we do.
Mr. HINDMAN. So do I.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia press his demand?
Mr. LEAKE. I do.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. The example
was set to the galleries by members upon this
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will take their
seats and preserve order. The gentleman from
Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to know how much
time I have left?
TheCHAIRMAN. Twenty-fiveminutes. The
Chair will state to the gentleman from Virginia
furthest from the Chair, [Mr. Leake,] that if ap-
plause is repeated in the galleries, the Chair will
certainly order them to be cleared. The gentle-
man from Virginia will continue his remarks.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, addressed
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not in order. The Chair thinks it neces-
sary, in compliance with the order of the House
making this bill a special order, and as this de-
bate has widely diverged from the bill, to bring
the debate back to the bill.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I was an-
swering a question which had been propounded
to me, and I merely desire to finish my answer.
It will not take three minutes. My colleague
asked me whether I was for the Union.
Several Members. That was not the question.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well, let me
answer my colleague's question. As I said before,
I am for the Union and the Constitution and the
enforcement of the laws, so long as we are in the
Union. I am not for coercing the South. I am
not for a force bill. I do not believe that the Gov-
ernment can be held together by force; because
of all things upon earth, I deprecate civil war, as
gentlemen upon both sides of this House ought
to do, and I believe do.
Mr. BROWN. If force shall be resorted to by
the incoming Administration, are you then for
secession ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I do not
know what Mr. Lincoln proposes. I am no friend
of his. I voted against him, and I expect not to
sustain his Administration, unless he comes up to
the Constitution, the Union,and the laws. When-
ever a man. north or south, east or west, does
his duty as an American citizen, and stands under
the old"flag, I am willing to give him a cordial
and hearty support. [Suppressed applause.] I
asked my colleague the question I did, in justice
to himself, because it has been stated that he said
in debate here that a State has a right to secede.
I have always understood him to be a Union man.
I know that his district is as loyal a district as
any in Kentucky,and perhaps more so. I know
that, although it has been Democratic, the Cath-
olic portion of his constituents and the adopted
citizens—as I have every reason to believe, having
received communications from them—are ready
and willing to stand under the old flag, and will
not go, at least under present circumstances, into
a confederacy that says we must go on their terms, j
and not upon our own.
Mr. GARNETT. I must protest against this
interruption.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair attempted to
arrest this debate, but he was not seconded by the
committee.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have re-
sponded to my colleague's question. I asked him
a question; and, in justice to him, he ought to be
allowed to respond.
Mr. GARNETT. Let me say, then, before I
yield to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Brown,]
to answer the question of his colleague, that I will
not afterwards yield to any further interruption
from the other gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. Chairman, I will answer
the question of my colleague. As an American
citizen, my first, highest, holiest ambition has
been to do all within the power of my humble
abilities to contribute to the perpetuity, prosper-
ity, and renown of this Union. The boast of the
Roman was: "Ego sum, Romanus civis." Mine
has been: " lam an American citizen;" for about
that name gathers as much of glory as any title
has ever borne. Our grand mission has been one
of civilization, of advancing the cause of civil lib-
erty, of nurturing and developing the arts and
sciences, and of expanding our power on land and
sea. Proud, indeed, have been our achievements;
and it was hoped all this greatness rested upon a
safe and unwasting basis. But some of the pillars
of the Union are fallen, others crumbling, and the
magnificent fabric reels under the fury of the long-
impending storm.
In the midst of this so far bloodless, yet mo-
mentous, revolution, it is with bounding pride that
I speak of my native old Kentucky — God bless
her! Her history, as proud as that of any mem-
ber of this Confederacy, justifies me in saying
that her loyalty to this Union must go unchal-
lenged. Suffering most, and suffering longest, she
has murmured least. Her voice and her hopes,
in this tremendous crisis, have been and are for
peace, for conciliation, for compromise, and for
the Union. Her soil entombs the canonized bones
of the great commoner, Clay. Her commission
sent to the Senate the pure and patriotic pacifi-
cator, Crittenden. Her commissioners are now
in council in this capital, pleading for adjustment,
and urging the old Roman Guthrie's propositions.
The bones of her brave pioneers are buried on
northwestern plains, where they fell defending the
homes, wives, and children, of men whose degen-
erate and unworthy representatives on this floor
impeach her character and defame her institu-
tions. High, patriotic, and commanding is her
position. Look at her! [Applause.]
As one of her sons and Representatives in this
Congress, inspired by the spirit of her elevated
love for what our fathers gave us, I am now, as
I always have been, for the Union; a Union of
equality, justice, fraternity, and comity between
its members, wherein the rights and honor of my
fellow-citizens will be secured.
Right heartily do I indorse the compliment paid
my constituents by the gentleman from the fourth
district, [Mr. Anderson.] Congratulating him
upon his sudden affection for the Catholics, whom
he mentions, I can confidently tell him that never
was eulogium more worthily bestowed. Yes, the
Catholics there, alike chivalric, generous, and
true, with Protestants, are for the Union. All
want negotiation exhausted, every effort for com-
promise first to fail, before they are for changing
their status; but, when the fatal and startling fact
is before them, that there can be no peace, the
loyalty of Kentucky's sons is not such as will
permit them to be indifferent and inactive, when
the swords of Lincoln's minions are drawn to cut
the throats of their southern brethren.
(i Lay not that flattcung unction to your soul."
If an effort be made to coerce her sister slave
States, the moment that rings the echo of the first
gun of that conflict over hei hills and valleys, will
find her unerring riflemen gathering for the rescuc
of the South, and in battle will she meet the forces
of this Government, which she is now doing most
to preserve.
Such ail unholy, fratricidal, and causeless war
will precipitate my State to the bosom of the
southern confederacy; and as she may be the last
to join, once the partner of its fortunes, she will
be the last to leave it, come weal or woe.
Such is my Unionism; and I believe I speak
the sentiment of my State. Her Legislature, with-
out distinction of party, have almost unanimously
resolved that, in the event force is used against
the States which have withdrawn frem the Union,
Ilentucky will resist. Again, I answer, she is'for
peace, compromise, and the Union.
If the gentleman fj-ona Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,]—who just now said he was for collecting
the revenue in southern ports, fdr-reinforcing-and
—foreshadows the policy of the incoming Admin-
istration, then this matter isbeydn&accorfimoda-
tion, and the sooner Kentucky knows it the bett&c.
Judging from Mr. Lincoln's Indianapolis speech,
and his conversation with Mr. Hutchison, which
have been alluded to in this debate, it seems, in-
deed, that we are to be plunged into the midst of
the horrors of civil war. God forbid it. Coer-
cion is an insane, wicked, atrocious policy." Its
only rewards will be the wreck of commerce; the
utter stagnation of trade; the bankruptcy of capi-
talists and workingmen of every occupation north
and south; the desolation of fair fields and happy
homes; and a gulf between the two sections filled
with blood, hate, and vengeance, will Ire made,
and it will only be crossed for purposes of murder
and rapine.
Do you Republicans think you can conquer the
South? I tell you, if you achieve i^, it will be a
barren victory. Suppose you decimate the pop-
ulation of the confederated States; suppose you
burn their homes, and drive their people to the
caves and swamps: what will you have accom-
plished ? Do you expect to hold them as con-
quered provinces? Vain and infamous is such'a
dream. From the blood of your victims, as from
the fabled dragon's teeth, will spring up crops of
armed men, whose feligion it will be to hate and
curse you, to wage an implacable warof revenge
upon you, on land and sea; to pursue and hunt
down you and your children and your children's
children; and this they will do till the last man of
the South perishes. You must exterminate them
before your task will be done.
I have never defended the abstract rightof seces-
sion. The recent statements in the papers, that
I did, was a misreport. My remarks on the pos-
tal bill are correctly given in the Globe. I said
-I recognized the independence of the States which
have left the Union, and I say so still. I have
been raised in a school of politics in which the
abstract right of secession is not indorsed; but'I
do subscribe to the sentiment contained in the
Declaration of Independence—that first grand
chart of our liberties: that when Governments
become destructive of the ends for which they
were created, then the people, from whose consent
Governments derive their just powers, have the
inherent right to alter or abolish them. I call the
action of the confederated States of the South
revolution. Revolution does not necessarily in-
volve the idea of battles and bloodshed to make
it successful. The southern government stands
before us and the world, a living fact; and if we
would not madly throw away all the power and
glory and prosperity we have achieved as a peo-
ple, you must deal with it as such, by recognizing
its independence, and not madly and suicidally
attempting its destruction.
Kentucky's loyalty to the Union will not be
preserved at the dear price of aiding men in war
on the South who denounce her institutions, aid
in the escapeof hcrproperty,deny herthatcomity
due her, and wish to destroy her equality as a sov-
ereign member of the Confederacy. Never, sir,
never ! And if the dreaded necessity of her leav-
ing you shall come, it will be when negotiation
fails, when her entreaties are refused, and you
persist in denying what is due her interests and
honor; and if she "must leave the Union, it will be
upon the divine, inherent right affirmed in the Dec-
laration of Independence that I shall rest her vin-
dication, so far as I may have to defend it.
To me the future is full of gloom. For nearly
three months have I sat here hoping for a settle-
ment of these distracting questions. The people
want them settled. Southern men who buy the
goods and machinery and products of the North,
and by whose patronage your great cities have
been built up, and the immense fortunes of your
merchants and manufacturers accumulated, have
been proud of your prosperity; for your States
were a part of their country. Is ruin now to come
both upon N orth and South, by reason of the fanat-
icism and blind ambition of the politicians of this
Congress? You Republicans are firm, unyield-
ing, unreasonable. You place the Chicago plat-
