1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"February 20,
form and its miserable dogmas above your coun-
try and its Constitution, and in the attempted
preservation of that catechism of your political
faith you will wreck the nation.
It does seem that God has struck our people
with madness and blindness. Is it to be—shall
it be—that this Government, the refuge of the ex-
ile, and the hope of theloversof freedom through-
out the world, so glorious in its past history, so
precious in its splendid promises for the future
if peace is preserved and compromise accepted, is
to fall to ruin, and its sad fate furnish another
chapter to history's national epitaph ? It is trea-
son to human hope thus to let it perish.
I appeal to Republicans to come to the rescue;
to do their duty to themselves, the country, and
posterity; and, instead of speeches full of denun-
ciation and insulting menaces to the South, give
us our constitutional rights, concede our reason-
able requests, and save the Republic. Those of
you who, in an unselfish spiritof patriotism, shall
shake off the fetters of party, and, as heroes, ad-
vocate compromise on a fair basis, will receive
the applause and gratitude of present and after
times; but others, who are for party above coun-
try and Constitution, and who now, deaf to the
warnings of*reason, and dead to the noble inspira-
tions of a pure love of country, are resisting com-
promise, and urging a war in which brother must
shed brother's blood, and whose prospective hor-
rors sicken the heart to contemplate, will, if their
damnable policy be pursued, be visited, while
living, with execration, and when dead,
" A thousand years from now,
WiU sit pale ghosts upon the Stygian shore,
And read their acts by tiie red light of hell."
I hope that my colleague's question is answered.
In response to his interrogatory, I have said much
more than I intended when I arose. I thank the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] for his
courtcsy in yielding me the floor, and I beg that
he will accept my apologies for having so long
trespassed upon his time.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Mr Chair-
man- 
Mr. GARNETT. I cannot yield any further.
I must continue my remarks.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky Just one
word.
Mr. GARNETT. No; I cannot. I beg the
gentleman's pardon.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 will not
occupy half a minute. 1 propounded a question
to my colleague 
Mr. GARNETT. I do not yield. I ask the
Chair whether or riot I have a right to the floor?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have noth-
ing to say to my colleague on that; but I desire
to say a word on another matter.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 cannot yield.
Mr, ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Then, of
course, I yield.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 will not further discuss
the question of fact. Mr. Lincoln's purposes
are sufficiently explained by the debate which has
just occurred.
No\v,l ask gentlemen to mark the consequences
of their attempt to retake the.forts of the South.
Attempt to retake the southern forts, or even to
hold those which you have in the seceded States,
and you will certainly find yourselves at war.
Recapture the forts and arsenals ! March your
armies to Baton Rouge and Augusta! Besiege
Forts Pulaski and Morgan; and command Sa-
vannah and Mobile! Sturm Barrancas, and re-
possess yourselves of the Pcnsacola navy-yard !
Do you dream that any or all of this can be done
without rivers of blood? Nay, sir, who that
knows the gallantry, the high sense of honor, the
indomitable spirit that animate the people of the
South, can suppose that they will suffer you long
to continue your threatening and hostile positions
in Port Pickens and FortSumter ? These States
have declared their independence, and pledged
themselves solemnly to the world to maintain it.
Imagine yourselvesinlike situation. Would you,
would any men worthy to be called Americans,
permit a foreign Power, which refused to recog-
nize, and threatened to subjugate you. hold forts
in your harbors, and dominate by its guns over
your commerce and your chief cities ? No, sir;
the very position is an insult, and its continuance
a declaration of war. Rely on it, the South will
so consider it.
I know, sir, that a shadowy distinction has been
taken between the execution of the laws in States
claiming to be independent of your jurisdiction,
and war. You claim that your purpose is to
enforce the laws against the individual who vio-
lates them, and not to coerce a State.
Sir, the true difference between the execution of
the laws and war is plain enough. To execute
the law is the duty of the officer of a court acting
by its mandate. If he is resisted, he may call in
the posse comitates; or, if necessary, Government
may aid him with the military forces. But in every
case, force is used only under the order of a court,
and only against the individuals who resist that
order. The innocent are never confounded with
the guilty.
But war assumes that the courts are gone; that
the contestis no longer with individuals, but with
the community; and such is notoriously the con-
dition of things you will find at the South. There
you have the whole people, all the public author-
ities, the organized Stategovernments, and a fed-
eral union, with its flag, its armies, its navies, its
congress, and its president, to oppose you.
You propose to put your customhouse onboard
a ship-of-war, to be stationed off the harbor, and
there collect the revenue. This is your latest plan
for the constitutional difficulties, not to mention
what foreign nations might say of a blockade,
seems to have deterred you for the present from
that form of coercion. I pass by the impractica-
bility of this floating and armed custom-house—
the difficulty of appraising goods aboard ship, of
weighing them, gauging them, and numbering the
threads in a square inch of cloth, as your new
tariff requires. I pass by the outrage on the Con-
stitution, in subjecting commerce in one State to
oppressive regulations unknown in another. I
say nothing of the objections the foreign trader
will make to paying double duties to you, and to
the confederate States. But I will suppose a con-
troversy arises with the importer: who is to de-
cide it? What courts—what officers of the law?
Suppose he forcibly resists your revenue laws:
where will you try him ? The Constitution says
in the State where the crime is committed. But
you have no authority, no courts, in that State.
Then you must violate the Constitution, or let his
resistance pass unpunished, unless, indeed, you
abandon your own theory, acknowledge yourself
at war, and settle all questions by the sword and
the cannon.
Do gentlemen imagine that the men who have,
with the utmost calmness and deliberation, in
seven States of thcUnion, called conventions, as-
sembled together at great hazard to their business,
encountered the risks of revolution, declared their
States outside of the Union, whose deputies have
nie t atMontgomery and formed a new constitution,
inauguratedaPresident,and whoarc proceeding to
raise an army and to make treaties with foreign na-
tions—do you imagine, I say, that these men will
permit you, a foreign nation as they esteem you,
to collect levenue in their ports? Do you fancy
that they will not resort to reprisals, retaliation,
and to every measure which the law of nations au-
thorizes for the vindication of their independence ?
Admit that the people of South Carolina and
the other seceding States are mad, fanatical, blind,
what you please; condemn their action by every
term jwhich the most violent among you have
chosen to heap upon them, still, you know the
history of the country shows, all Christendom
knows, that they are brave men; men who will
shed the last drop of their blood in vindication of
their honor. And do you suppose thatsuch men,
who have taken this solemn position in the eyes
of the world, will retreat from it, will give it up
at the first exhibition of force that you choose to
make by stationing ships-of-war off their har-
bors? No, gentlemen ; this executing the laws,
as you call it, is coercion, and coercion is war;
and in your heart of hearts you know it—you
know it; and while the sands of life are still run-
ning for this Congress, the question of peace or
war is in your hands.
Acknowledge the independence of the confed-
erate States, and you may have peace through-
out your, borders; you may keep with you the
border slave States peaceably, perhaps perma-
nently, probably till they have exhausted every
conciliatory device to restore and reform theUmon.
Fail to recognize that independence, and with
Mr. Lincoln's avowed opinions, on the 4th (lay
of March next, whether you pass your force
bills or not, but especially if you pass them, you
will inaugurate a war, and open war, to be con-
ducted according to the laws of nations, between
you and them. It will be a war in which their
object is to vindicate their independence and
assert and maintain their right to govern them-
selves; a war in which your object is to conquer
men who do not choose to live under your Gov-
ernment, and to force your yoke upon an un-
willing people. And in that war, do you doubt
where Virginia will stand ? Do you doubt where
Kentucky will stand? Do you doubt where any
of the border States will stand? Do you think
they will be so mean, so craven, as not to rush
to the defense of the rights of the sister States
whose interests in common with their own are
invaded?
But if she were not impelled by honor, if sho
were as mean as some of you would represent
her, as foolish as the false interpretation of her
recent elections would argue, her material inter-
est would not suffer her to be still. The confed-
erate States cannot permit the border slave States
to be abolitionized; and they will not remain in
this Union when you close the Territories to their
emigration, while the South prohibits theentry of
their slaves. Or if the confederate States still
invite our emigration, there will commence an un-
paralleled exodus of the wealth and the best pop-
ulation of our States. Who will be disposed to
remain in abolitionized Virginia, half a million of
her laborers gone, her lands depreciated, and the
remnant of her population and property left to
pay her forty odd millions of debt?
Meantime, what Union is this you expectus to
adhere to ? The equal Union of our fathers ? No,
sir; but a Union of a superior and an inferior
section, governed by an anti-slavery party, whose
policy is already revealing itself in spendthrift
expenditures, in national bankruptcy, in ap-
proaching civil war and military dictatorship !
Your Treasury is already so entirely bankrupt
that you abandon the hope of borrowing from cap-
italists, and imagine you imitate Louis Napo-
leon, when you are really making a Government
paper money like the old continental money, like
the assignats of the French Revolution. Your
vacillation betrays your weakness. One day you
implore leave to obtain the indorsements of the
States, thereby creating stocks of such different
values as New York's and Pennsylvania's indorse-
ments would make, and the next you ask leave
to issue paper money of small denominations.
You mistake the French Emperor's policy.
His was a registered stock, with books of sub-
scription and receivers in every village. Hecould
have sold on better terms to capitalists; but he
suffered the loss to make his war popular with
the laboring classes, who subscribed their savings
in small sums. But yours is a note that passes
by delivery; you sell it only at great central points,
unless pretending to give the public creditor his
his option, you, in fact, force him to take pay-
ment in your paper. And if you induce the labor-
ing class of the northern cities to withdraw their
deposits from the savings banks to buy your notes,
you first compel these banks to sell out an equal
amount of other stocks, probably, in many cases,
as notoriously in New York, of Federal stocks
themselves.
Thus, while you find purchasers for one class
of Federal securities, another class will be thrown
into the mai ket, and depreciation will follow. Bad
as your credit is, your policy would make it still
worse. You propose to incur a debt of $121,000,000
for a Pacific railroad. Y'ouare electioneering by
lavish appropriations, for overland mails and In-
dian war debts, and you will enact a tariff against
whose iniquities the commercial men of New
York, of all parties, raise the cry of indignation.
Your greatest importing city will thus be checked
in its growth, and in the mean time your people
will be required to contribute millions in men and
in money, to carry on a war against the South,
a war against a people who trade with them,- a
war against a people who have fought with them
in all their battles, a war against their own breth-
ren. "iour policy of financial bankruptcy and
commercial ruin is not the worst. You propose
to invest the President with almost unlimited
power to borrow money. The bills you have
passed, and are passing, for raising loans, give
nim the right to borrow some seventy million
