THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1861.
New Seriesv.;.No. 68." -
troops, under the command of the lieutenant gen-
eral, and assails the conduct of that officer, the
Chair should, without any suggestion from the
floor, rise and say that the remarks were out of
order, because they were personal. I am pleased
that the Chair has taken occasion to explain what
he said. I hope that the time may never come
when it will be either dangerous or out of order,
for a Representative upon this floor to assail the
conduct of any military chieftain. I hope the
time will never come when, either by a call to
order from that chair, or at the point of the bay-
onet, members on this floor are to be silenced
whenever they allude to the commanding general
of the Army.
But, Mr. Chairman, to return to the point at
which I was interrupted: in the midst of all these
scenes, the gentleman from Iowa rises and re-
minds us that, m the old countries of Europe,
thrones arc surrounded and sustained by millions
of armed men. Mr. Chairman, if every Govern-
ment in Europe shall choose to call around it to
sustain it powerful armed forces; if every Gov-
ernment on this continentshall sanction the policy
of sustaining itself by means of a regular military
force, I will never give up the opinion thatlnow
entertain, that our fathers entertained, and that
we all entertained until a recent period, thatarmed
bands of mercenaries, that soldiers, commanded
by officers in no way responsible, either to the
people or to their Representatives, for their con-
duct, are not suitable instruments with which to
maintain civil liberty, and more especially m times
like these, when the passions of men are so much
excited that we see e\en grave and patriotic and
sober gentlemen, like the gentleman from Iowa,
defending the surrounding of this Capitol with
cannon and bayonets, by saying that even yetwe
have not got as many troops as the Emperor of
the French has to sustain him, or as the Emperor
of all the Russias has to sustain that colossal des-
potism.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
to gentlemen of the committee, inasmuch as the
remarks of the gentleman from North Carolinaand
of the gentleman from Arkansas have, to some ex-
tent, impugned hisdecision, that he did not arrest
the remaiks of the gentleman from Virginia until
his entire hour was exhausted. The House had
decided by a unanimous vote to make this bill a
special order, which confined the debate to the
merits of the appropriations in the bill. The Chair
only iegrets that he had not ruled throughout
strictly m accordance with the instructions of the
House;but as members didnotobject,he allowed
the debate to go on far beyond the order of the
House. But at the conclusion of the gentleman's
hour, and as theChair intended to extend his time
iive minutes, he reminded him of the fact that his
remarks were not confined to the bill, and were
personal m their character. Of course, if general
debate had been allowed, the Chair would not
have interfered with the gentleman fi om Virginia,
or the gentleman fiomNorthCarohna in assailing
the lieutenant general of the Army, the Emperor
of France, or any one else. But certainly it was
not in order to do so on a bill which was made a
special order. That is what the Chair intended
to say, and what the Chair did say.
Mr. PHELPS. The rule of the House which
relates to personal matters only applies to mem-
bers of the House or of the Senate, not to mili-
tary or naval or other executive officers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that veiy well; and if debate had been general,
the Chair would have allowed gentlemen to go on
without interruption.
Mr. PHELPS. To whom were the gentleman's
remarks personal?
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on the regular order
of business being proceeded with. We do not
want to sit here all evening
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to propose an amend-
ment, and I will state in advance that I do not
desire to enter into the discussion that is now
taking place. I simply desir%to state 
08
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will please indicate his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no particular amend-
ment to offer; I will speak upon the pending
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I suppose I can speak
on the pending Senate amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word " seven."
The CHAIRMAN. That will not be in order.
The gentleman will have to move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know if 1 have not
a right to move to amend the Senate amendment?
The CHAIRMAN*. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Missouri may move an
amendment^ the pending amendment, on which
debate is exhausted.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the Chair rule that I
have no right to move to amend the text sent us
by the Senate? Because some gentleman has
moved in advance of me to amend that text, am
I therefore precluded from moving to amend it
further?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia is not yet voted on.
Therefore the gentleman from Missouri may offer
an amendment to that amendment. The com-
mittee is about dividing on it.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the Chair rules that I
have no right to move to amendtheSenateamcnd-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states to the
gentleman from Missouri, that an amendment to
the Senate amendment is already pending.
Mr. PHELPS. Docs theChair mean to state
that i can at no time move this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly not, sir. The
Chair stated that there is now an amendment
pending to the original text.
Mr.PHELPS. Well,anotheramendmentmay
also be offered to it?
The CHAIRMAN. Not to the same matter.
The gentleman from Virginia moves to amend
the original text. There certainly can be no
other amendment offered to the text until this
matter is disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. My amendment is jirfl/oma,
and if I had been allowed to olfer it, I should
have, by this time, finished what I have to say
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire the business of the
committee to bo conducted in the icgular form.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair will entertain
an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; then I propose to
strike out the woid " seven." I do not want
these sloops built; and thciefore I propose to
strike out that word.
The € M AIR M A N. That word is not in the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia. The
Chair would suggest that the gentleman may
move to strike out the words il land or."
Mr. PHELPS. Then I would be confined to
the discussion of "land or." [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there should be no
difficulty about this matter. Let us take a vote
first on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Virginia.
The question was taken on Mr Garnett's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mi. PHELPS. I now move to amend the
Senate amendment by striking out the word
u seven." It is not my desire, Mr. Chairman, to
discuss the question of the exercise of force. I
have arisen to discuss the amendment sent to us
by the Senate, and to show that it is improper for
this committee to concur in that amendment. I
am ready to concede in this argument that, if this
appropriation were made, it will require eighteen
months, at least, from this period of time, before
these vessels are finished and ready for sei vice. I
know that I shall touch a tender point here, when
I speak of economy I have desired, as far as
in me lay, that the resources of the GoverttTOBt"
should be husbanded, and that we should aVdid
all expenditures that were not absolutely neces-
sary, and that would have a tendency, if author-
ized by Congress, to depress the credit of the
Government among the capitalists of the nation.
I ask, why should we appropriate .this sum of
money for the purpose of building seven steam
sloops-of-war? At the last session of Congress
fa proposition similar to this was offered in- the
Senate, and was there advocated by its friends. "
It was urged that it was necessary to construct
steamers of this kind in order that we might bet-
ter be able to capture vessels engaged in the slave
trade. And yet, with a prospect of abundance of
money in the Treasury; with a prospect, accord-
ing to the estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, that the revenue from customs for the fiscal
year would amount to the sum of #56,000,000,
this proposition only got 14 votes for it in the
Senate to 25 against it. But at this session of Con-
gress, when your Treasury is depleted, when the
revenue from customs has largely fallen off, when
it is estimated that you will only receive the sum
of $16,000,000 from customs between the 1st of
January and the 1st of July, the Senate sends to
us an amendment proposing the construction of
seven steam sloops-of-war, and appropriating
§1,200,000 towards their construction. Do gen-
tlemen believe that that sum will be all that will
be necessary to complete these vessels? I hold
in my hand a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy, wherein he states that, in order to construct
seven steam sloo*ps-of~war of the class desired, it
will cost $2,625,000. The letter is as follows:
Navy Dlpartment, February 20,1861.
Sir: In roply to your Setter of the 19th instant, 1 have the
honor to state, that the avcrace cost of seven steam screw
s!oop<-of-war, ofthe class arid description referred to in the
naval appropriation Mil, now before the House, would bQ
about two million six hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
I. TOUCEY.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Meant*, House of Representatives.
To that sum you will have to add the cost of
armament, which will be about four hundred thou-
sand dollars additional. In other words, the ex-
penditure for these seven sloops-of-war will be
about three million dollars, instead of $ 1,200,000.
I ask you whether the credit of the counti'y is not
sufficiently depressed already ? We are now in
the market asking another loan of $8,000,000 to
meet the requisitions lying on the table of the Sec-
retary ofthe Treasury. He invites bids, that are
to be opened on Saturday next, for the purpose
of replenishing the Treasury.
I stated to the House on a former occasion, that
it would require at least $25,000,000—and more,
in my opinion, unless Congress is more econom-
ical in its appropriations—in order to meet the
expenditures to be incurred between this and the
1st of July next. I now am prepared to state to
you that it will require some thirty million dol-
lars, at the rate in whish you are progressing with
your appropriations, beyond all the sums that
you will receive from the customs and from the
sales of the public lands, to supply means for
carrying on the Government up to July next.
Where is the money to come from? The actual
debt of the country is now about seventy million
dollars. We have authorized loans, not yet ne-
gotiated, of about thirty-nine million dollars, and
ft is proposed in the tariff bill, as it passed the
House, and in the Pacific railroad bill, as it has
passed the Senate, to incur an indebtedness of
$142,000,000. We shall, at the close of this ses-
sion, if these bills shall pass, have provided for a
national debt of $250,000,000, including, in this
estimate, the present indebtedness of the country.
Where is the money to come from ? I repeat. The
present tariff does not yield a revenue adequate
to defray the expenses of the Government, and I
believe the proposed tariff will yield a less sum
than the present tariff. We must, then, borrow
more money.
[Here the hammer fell.] m
