1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
rence,Frank. French, Gooch,Graham, Grow,Gurl^y. Hall,
Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, Hehmck, Hoard, Holman,
William Howard, Humphrey, Hmehins, Tivine, Junkin,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kiilingcr,
Larrabee, DeWitt U. Leacb, JL.ee, Longnecker, Voomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKenty, McKmght, Mc-
PhprhWi, Millson, Millward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edivaid Joy Morris, Isaac N.Morris, Morse, Nixon,
Oliu, Palmer, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds,
Rice, Christophei Robinson, Eoyce, Scrant,on, Sedgwick,
Sickles. Spauldirtg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stratton,Tappan,Theaker,Tompkins,VanWyek,
Vciree, Wade, Waldion, Cadwalader C. Washburn,EUihu
B. Washbutfhe, Webster, Wells, Wilson, WTindom, and
Woodiuff—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Barret, Bocock, Branch, Brown ,•
Burch, Burnett, John B. Olaik, Burton Craige, John G.
David, De Jarnette, Ediuundson, Etheridge, Gainett, John
T. Harris, Hatton, Hindman, Hughes, James M. Leach,
Elbert S. Martin, Nelson, Niblack, Phelps, Quarles, Riggs,
Jame« C. Robinson, Rust, Scott, Sherman, Simmc, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Vallandig-
liam, Vance, Winslow, and VVnght—38.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BARRET stated that Mr. Pryor was
paired off with Mr. Montgomery.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Beale was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. CURTIS stated that Mr. Vanpever, for
the purpose of attending the peace conference,
had p&ired off with Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. DAW ES stated that Mr. Train had paired
off with Mr. Kttnkel.
Mr. CARTER stated that Mr. Foster was ab-
sent, by reason of his attendance upon the peace
conference.
Mr. BRABSON stated that he was paired off.
Mr. DUNN stated thatMr. English was paired
off with Mr. Trimble.
Mr.&UARLES stated thatMr. Maynard was
paired off with Mr. Hale-, that Mr. Maynard
■would have voted " no."
Mr. DUNN stated that Mr. Kilgore was
paired off with Mr. Leake.
Mr. SICKLES (when his name was called)
said: I shall vote for this measure, becairee I
believe these ships are required by the ordinary
exigencies of the Navy, and without any refer-
ence to its bearing upon the question of coercion.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the votes
by which the soverol amendments were agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1'iunting a bill.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have printed the bill and
accompanying report, which have been under
consideration during the morning hour for two or
three days. In consequence of the motion to
reject, tlie usual order to print was not made.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
RED RIVER RAi'T.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and put, upon its passage
House resolution No. 47, relative to the impiove-
ment of the Red river, which was passed at the
Inst session. It was sent to the Senate, and there
amended in an unimportant particular.
There being no objection, the joint resolution,
giving the assent of Congress to certain acts passed
or to be passed by the Legislatures of the States
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or any two
of them, m relation to the raft of Red river and for
other purposes, was taken up for consideration.
The amendment of the Senate was then read
and concurrcd in, as follows:
Piovltled further, That the United State* shall have a
right, at nn\ tune after the e\pn<ition of ten voais, to take
po^e^iou oi tin woik.s by p.iwns to the company the
amount expended, with ^even pci centum interest.
Mr. HINDMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The House will now take
a recess.
Mr. MOORHEAD, I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock to-moirow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion now.
And then (at five o'clock and five minutes, p.
m.) the House took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
(Mr. Hughes occupying the Chair as Speaker
pro tempore,) and resumed the consideration of the
spcciai order, being the report of the special com-
mittee of thirty-three on the present condition of
the country.
Mr. RUFFIN addressed the House for one
hour. [His speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
eight o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. ni.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 21, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to suspend the
reading of the Journal.
TheYlCE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. BRAGG presented the credentials of Hon.
Thomas L. Cljngman, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of North Carolina, for
the term of six years, commencing on the 4th of
March, 1861; which were read, and ordered to
be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
H. W. Drake.4 and six hundred others, citizens of
the United States, and residents of the city of
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, without respect to party,
representing that they are firmly and irrevocably
attached to the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States as they ore, and opposed to ali com-
promises with traitors, and with all men who are
directly or indirectly plotting the overthrow of
the Government; and praying Congress at once
to adopt such measures as may be necessary to
hold and to protect the property of the Govern-
ment, to maintain the honor of our flag, and the
integrity of the Union; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of R. P. Eaton,
and one hundred and fifty others, citizens of the
State of Wiseonsin, setting forth that they believe
that the Constitution and laws, as they now exist,
furnish to slaveholders all the security and pro-
tection which, in good faith, the free States ought
to furnish, and that humanity and the spirit of
the age can tolerate; and asking the President of
the United States to enforce all the laws of the
United States, and to see that the ship of State
suffers no harm while the helm is in his hands;
and also asking of their delegation in Congress to
look well and carefully to the interests and good
of the whole Union, and if any acts of Congress
now in existence are found to conflict with the
provisions of the Constitution, then, that they see
to it that those laws are so altered, amended, or
repealed, as the cause of justice and humanity
may require; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. POWELL presented a petition of citizens
of Superior City, Wisconsin, praying for the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Newport. Rhode Island, approving of
the compromise measures proposed by the Rep-
resentatives of the border States; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. B1GLER presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that pen-
sions may be granted to the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and the widows of those who have died,
or may hereafter die; which was referred to tbj
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the proceedings of a meeting
of citizens of Elk county, Pennsylvania, held at
the Military Hall, in St. Mary's, on the 13th of
February, 1861, in favor of the Crittenden-Bigler
resolutions; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to enact the law pioposed by Hon. Wil-
liam Bicler, to submit to a vote of the people
the proposed Crittenden amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, or that there be
such other immediate action as will guaranty to
the people of the southern States their rights in
the Union, as ruled in the Dred Scott decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the proceedings of a meeting
of citizens of Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
held at the court-house on the 11th of February,
1861, praying Congress to adopt measures for the
adjustment of our national difficulties; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the proceedings of a Demo-
cratic convention assembled at Clearfield, Penn-
sylvania, on the 16th of February, 1861, in favor
of the Crittenden or Bigler resolutions; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying that
Congress will forthwith adopt the proposition
pending in the Senate, known as the Crittenden
compromise, with the proviso submitting it to a
vote of the people; or some other measure of ad-
justment of the present fearful troubles agitating
the country; which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Elk county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
pass the Bigler or Crittenden compromise, as they
are fully convinced that, unless a speedy compro-,
mise is made, we are in imminent danger of a dis-
solution of our Union; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the proceedings of a Demo-
cratic convention assembled at Alleghany, Penn-
sylvania, on the 18th of February, 1861, approv-
ing of the compromise measures proposed by
Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. WADE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all
the laws; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that pensions may be
granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812, and the
widows of those who have died or may hereafter
die; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Mystic, Connecticut, opposed to any com-
promise for the extension of slavery; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Samuel Garland and others, inhabitants and legal
voters of Windham, Maine, representing that
there has come to be an irreconcilable difference
of views on the subject of slavery, its morality
and expediency, between the free States and some
or all of the slave States, which must be a per-
petual and constantly increasing source of irrita-
tion and discord; and praying Congress to take
such measures as its wisdom may devise to refer
to a vote of the people of the United States a prop-
osition that any slave State which, by a fair vote
of its citizens, shall so decide, shall be released
from any legal obligations to the Constitution and
Federal Union; which was ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
five hundred and seventy-eight citizens of Jeffer-
son county, Illinois, praying for the adoption of
the compromise measures proposed by him; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, praying that pensions may be granted
to the soldiers of the war of 1812, and the widows
of those who have died or may hereafter die;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lib-
erty Corner, New Jersey, praying for the adop-
tion of the compromise measures proposed by
him; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Michigan, in favor of the adoption of the Critten-
den propositions as modified by the committee of
the border States; which was ordered to lie on the
! table.
|| RELATIONS WITH PJtUtU.
|i Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
li lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
|j Resolved, That the Pie-'ident be requested to comrmmi-
II catts to the Senate of the United States, It not incompatible
