118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mr. WIGFALL. "When did the Senator from
Texas say that ? 1
Mr. HALE. He said itin his speech the other
day.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not think so. It may
be, though. I have not looked at the Globe.
Mr. HALE. Well, I have not looked at the
Globe; but I heard it.
Mr, WIGFALL. Well, it is in there, if you
heard it.
Mr. HALE. I think I cannot be mistaken.
But, sir, all jesting apart, for I am npt jesting, I
do really want to know. My judgment, if it be
given, my advice, if it be tendered, may be over-
ruled,; and it may depend very much on the fact
which of these two gentlemen really is the organ
to the demands of the South as to the continu-
ance and preservation of the Union. When I say
I desire that, of course I do not desire an answer
to this question from either of these two gentle-
men, because they have given their views; but
the information that I desire would come (as that
solicited by the Senator from Louisiana, if I un-
derstood him) from different gentlemen upon that
side of the Senate. It is those gentlemen who, I
think, can answer this question; and it seems to
me that it is due to candor, when such widely dif-
ferent propositions as these are made as to the
price and condition of the permanence of the
Union, that before we consult with our constitu-
ents, and ask them if they will accede to the terms,
they ought to know which is the genuine demand
of the southern side—I mean of the Union party
of the South, because that is the party that the
• Senator from Texas belongs to. After we have
got an answer from the Union Senators on that
side of the Chamber, if there are any disunion-
ists 1 should like to hear from them; and I should
like to know whether those that favor disunion
are willing to abide by the conditions which have
been announced by one of the Union members
from that side—I refer to the honorable Senator
from Texas.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, will the
Senator from New Hampshire allow me .to say a
word ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor ?
Mr. HALE. If the Senator is one of that class.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am. I ant one of the
Union Senators on this floor; and my State is in
favor of the preservation of theUnion. 1,for one,
am willing to accept the proposition presented by
the Senator from Kentucky. I now ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire whether he will rec-
ommend the adoption of the propositions submit-
ted by the Senator from Kentucky to his people,
provided he ia assured that that will preserve the
Union of the States?
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I was trying to get
the ground all before me before I answered: I do
not want to answer by installments. I wanted to
know; I was inquiring for information; and the
honorable Senator from Delaware must have mis-
understood my interrogatory, because I said that
the honorableSenatorfrom Texas had represented
himself (and, of course, I had no disposition to
question him) as one of the strongest Union men
on that side of the Chamber, and I desired to hear
from thedisuriionists,if there were any such; and
it was in answer to that appeal that the Senator
from Delaware avowed himself to be one of them,
evidently misunderstanding the form in which I
put the question. Well now, sir, the honorable
Senator from Delaware asks me a question which
I will answer, though I do not feel myself bound
to do so. With my present conviction, I will not
agree to these propositions in all their extent.
There are some things there that I would agree
to; but to the extent that those resolutions go, I
would not recommend my people to accede to
them. If they ask my advice, they can have it.
Eut when I say that, I do not mean to say that
there are not many things in the proposition of
the Sanator from Kentucky ihat commend them-
selves to my judgment. There are some things
that do not. I have listened to denunciations of
a geographical line so long that I have not all at
once become a convert to it. There was a dis-
tinguished lawyer once in my State who, when
he began his arguments, sometimes produced an
impression upon the mind of the court fhat in*
duced them to go off with an intimation of an
opinion when they had not maturely considered
the subject, and before the ease was through they
had to reverse it. On a certain occasion, he was
arguing a great question before them, and the
court intimated an opinion in his favor. He
looked up in their faces with a good deal of saga-
city,andsaid, " Will your honors stick?" Taught
by past experience, when another geographical
line is proposed as the great remedy, I should say
to you, gentlemen, "Will your honors stick?
Will you give an assurance that after the geo-
graphical line has been established, and run to the
Pacific ocean, or to the islands beyond, in the
progress of time the interests of the country, or
the demands of the party, or some new construc-
tion of the Constitution, may not require that
that shall be abandoned? I should want to have
some assurance upon that point before I agree at
once to recommend" another geographical line.
I do not believe, sir, that the remedy is to be
sought there. I do not believe thattheremedy is
to besoughtin new constitutional provisions; but
in an honest, faithful execution of the things that
are already written in the compact and in the bond.
I am willing, and I hope the State I represent is
willing, to look this matter all over fairly, calmly,
and dispassionately, and if there be anything that
can be demanded of that State consistent with the
dignity that belongs to a free State, and the re-
gard that she owes to the Constitution, I have no
doubt that she will render and perform it to the
letter and to the spirit. But I say, with all defer-
ence, that I think these new compacts and these
amendments are the mere daubing of the wall with
untempered mortar. Tlieyarenotwhatis required
to sustain the fabric of our Government.
But, sir, I do not wish to say anything that
shall be construed into a pledge for my people.
I have no right to give it. They have given their
own pledge in the history of their own lives, and
I think that is a pledge of fidelity to the Consti-
tution; and they will give it still. But, sir, let
me say to gentlemen on the other side of this
Chamber, whatever may be your grievances, I
think you are too prone, constantly and contin-
ually and perseveringly, to throw the blame over
here; as if this Republican party, which, as it
were, sprang up like Jonah's gourd in the night,
is to be the pack-horse upon which are to be
saddled all the evils that you bear or fear in the
present or in the future. You fear that this Re-
publican party is to be prescriptive and violative
of the Constitution. Where do you find it? You
fear that you are to be under the ban. Sir, where
have we been, where have I been, where have
the men that sympathize with me been, in all the
long years that are past? Have we not been
publicly proclaimed upon the floor of this Senate
to be.unworthy of a seat on one of your commit-
tees? Yes, sir; we, and the States we repre-
sented, have been disfranchised by the iron rule
of a relentless political majority on this floor. I
remember, sir, that it is not nicfhy years since
the nomination of Edward Everett—who has been
making speeches on Washington for I do not
know how long, and singing peans to the Union
—to represent this Republic at the Court of St.
James was hung up, and confirmation refused for
weeks and weeks, because it was intimated that
at some time in the course of his life—it must
have been a good while ago—he had uttered some
sentiments which were not deemed sound upon
this subject of slavery. With all his learning-,
and all his great attainments—and his learning
and his attainments are such as do honor to the
country—he was not deemed qualified to repre-
sent this Government at the Court of St. James,
because it was supposed that at some time, on
some occasion, he had given utterance to senti-
ments that were not deemed sound and orthodox
by the political majority on this floor. Sir, so
far as my experience goes, in thoocountry from
which I come, and in the State that I represent
on this floor, there has not been, in the whole Re-
publican party of that State, nor in the Whig op-
position when the Opposition were called Whigs,
a man who was considered worthy to receive a
letter and put it into the post office, or to be a
tide-waiter around any of your custom-houses,
or to do any act that required the sanction of this
Federal Government or any of its subordinates.
And how is your Ppst Office administered to-day ?
I sP-Vf in some public paper, this very day, an
urmig^njent by the Acting Postmaster General,
Mr. King, one of his subordinates; and the
crime alleged against him was, not that he did
not faithfully and honestly and to the letter per-
form everything that was required of him, but it
was that he was an Opposition man, and had
been heard to speak disrespectfully of the Presi-
dent of the United States; and he was called upon
to account for that.
Now, sir, I do not say this in any disposition
to stir up angry feeling on the other side; but,
gentlemen, while you call on us to look at the
truth, why not look at it yourselves ? Why not
yourselves look and see if there has been no occa-
sion for the formation of the party that has been
formed? You say we areasectional party. Well,
sir, why are we a sectional party ? We are no more
a sectional party than the party that has been op-
posed to us, with this difference, that you have
been able to bring over to your side men who live
where we do, to favor your sectional views; but
your views and yotir measures have been more
sectional, infinitely more so, than any that are to
be apprehended from this Republican party.
Now, sir, I know thatevery speech of this sort
will be represented by those opposed to me as
calculated and intended to stir up angry feelings
on the other side. The honorable Senator from
Georgia may tell us that there is a feeling of ha-
tred, deep as hell, between his people and mine;
and that will not be deplored in the President's
prayer-meeting that he has got up. [Laughter.]
No, sir; not a word will be said about that; but
the angry effusions of such a " fanatic" as I am
will be deplored as sadly tending to a dissolution
,of the Union!
Sir, I do not know that this Congress can do
anything; but this controversy will not be settled
here. It has been well said, it will be done by
the States; but, sir, the enlightened tribunal of
the public opinion of Christendom will utter its
voice, and I tell you there is no power on God's
earth that can stand before that. I remember
when Kossuth was a wanderer and an exile in
the Empire of Turkey, and the Emperor of Rus-
sia, I think it was, demanded his deliverance—or
the Emperor of Austria, I do not know which;
they were allies in the war—but when the deliv-
erance of Kossuth was demanded from the Sul-
tan of Turkey, Mr. Webster, in one of the sub-
limest effusions that fell from his lips, said that
not a hair of his head should be injured; and that
if the Emperor of Russia or Austria dared to vio-
late the sanctity of the shelter which Turkey had
given him, he should stand up like a crimnaland
plead before the £>arof public opinion of the world;
he should'hear himself arraigned and should hear
the sentence which that tribunal would pronounce.
Well, sir, the Kentucky Senator has well said
we are making history. We are making it, and
making it rapidly. Events are crowding upon
us in thick succession. It does not become any
of us, with rash and presumptuous courage or
temerity, to shut our eyes to what is before us.
But, sir, I will say here—and with that close the
few remarks that I have to make—that "let be be-
fore us what may, let the teeming womb of the
future pour out upon this land what it may, I
have no doubt and no fear that a righteous judg-
ment will be pronounced by the enlightened pub-
lic sentimentof Christendom; and when it is pro-
nounced, it will be more omnipotent than fleets
and armies; and it will silence, with its withering
scorn, the carpings of those who undertake to
utter anything in this day and this crisis incon-
sistent with the demands of truth and of a sound
and conservative patriotism.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator yield the floor to enable the Chair to put the
question on the motion to print the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. JOHNSON ,_of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
The motion to print was agreed to.
STATE OF THE UNION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution of Mr. Powell, as modified
by him on the 10th instant:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of the
country, and the grievances between the slaveholding and
the non-slavehoiding States, be referred to a special com-
mittee of thirteen members ; and that said committee be
instructed to inquire into the present condition ot the coun-
try, and report l>y bill or otherwise.
