1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
this being a measure of war, or a measure of co-
ercion, it is a measure of peace, of pacification;
for the provision of this bill is simply to author-
ize the Postmaster General to suspend the ser-
vice upon any postal route, or any part thereof,
where," by reason of any insurrection or resist-
ance to the laws of the United States," the mail
service cannot be safely performed. If, upon any
portion of a mail route in any State, north or
south, by reason of resistance to the laws, or of
insurrection, the service cannot be safely per-
formed, it authorizes the Postmaster General, in
his discretion, to suspend service upon such route,
or any part thereof. Now, it seems to me,so far
from provoking a collision of force, so far from
leading to the shedding of blood, it is the best
way to avoid it. It is, therefore, a measure of
pacification, and not a measure of coercion.
And now, sir, a single word in reply to the re-
marks of the honorable Senator, [Mr. Hunter,]
upon the state of the country.
We may, indeed, be said to be passing through
a revolution, or an attempted revolution, in some
of the States of this Confederacy. I agree to that;
and I agree in what that honorable Senator said
in his speech the other day:
:c We must face and acknowledge tlie true evil of the day.
New ideas, like new forces, liave entered into our system;
they are demanding the legitimate expression of their powei,
or they threaten to rend and destroy it in their wild and
irregular play."
I acknowledge the truth, I feel the full force, of
that declaration. It is our duty, sir, to face and
acknowledge the true evil of the day. New ideas,
like new forces, have, indeed, entered into our
system, and are the cause and the occasion of that
revolution we now witness. But what are these
new ideas, what are these revolutionary forces,
which are now demanding the legitimate expres-
sion of their power, or threaten to rend or destroy
whatever may stand in their way? I hold, sir,
that first, and before all others, and more potent
than all others, is this new idea, very recently
adopted by southern gentlemen, that slavery is a
blessing; that slavery is a divine institution; that
slavery is the natural, normal, and best relation
of labor to capital. I say, 111 the first place, that
it is a new idea, the outgrowth of the brain of
John C. Calhoun; but since ho uttered it here,
it has grown with a rapidity almost unexampled
in the southern States, within the last fifteen or
twenty years. This idea of Mr. Calhoun, that
slavery is a blessing, was not acknowledged by
the men of the South, any more than by the men
of the North, twenty years ago. The world knows
that in the days of the Revolution, whether you
look south or north—whether you look into the
writings and speeches of Marion, or Oglethorpe, or
Washington,or Madison,or Jefferson,or Henry,
or Mason, of the South, or into the writings of
Franklin, or Adams, or Jay, or Clinton, of the
North, you find the same language on the subject
of slavery. It was regarded on all hands as an
evil, socially and politically. As late as 1839,
within my own recollection, in the Legislature of
the State of Virginia, her leading men held the
same doctrine. They denounced it, in terms
stronger than any of mine, as a moral and polit-
ical evil, as a blight, a mildew, a cancer, certain,
steady, and fatal in its progress. I repeat, sir,
that the doctrine that slavery is a social and po-
litical evil was universally received at the North,
and with very few exceptions at the South, until
within a very recent period.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall be through di-
rectly, and then I shall hear the honorable Sena-
tor with great pleasure.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely want to«&sk a
question; but if the Senator will not hearine——
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not object to giv-
ing wav for a simple question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator states, with
great emphasis, that Mr. Calhoun held slavery to
be a blessing, or the normal condition,&c. Now,
with some little knowledge of Mr. Calhoun's
opinions 
Mr. DOOLITTLE I yielded for a question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was going to ask the
Senator where he gets that idea; because I declare
to him that I never heard Mr. Calhoun express
any such opinion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Calhoun, on the floor
of the Senate, declared 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator allow !
me to complete my sentence, as he gives me the
opportunity to ask him a question. I know Mr.
Calhoun held—and 1 think he was right in that—
that African slavery, as it exists in the South,
was the best condition, the normal condition, if
the gentleman chooses, for the negro in this coun-
try.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Calhoun, on thefloor
of the Senate, after stating that most southern
men once held that slavery was a moral as well as
a social and political evil, declared that "folly and
delusion are gone, and we now hold that slavery
is the most safe and stable basis for free institu-
tions in the world." I will not undertake to say
that I repeat the precise words, but I know 1 have
given you their substance; and from that day to
this hour, that idea uttered by John C.Calhoun—
then feebly sustained, but gathering strength and
momentum with every revolving year—has be-
come that new idea, that revolutionary force which
has entered into our system, and which is " now
threatening to rend and destroy it in its wild and
irregular play." Sir, it has revolutionized the
southern mind; it has been made to enter the
schools and the pulpit of the southern States, and
to reverse their teachings; it has entered into their
judicial tribunals and reversed their decrees; it
has entered their political rostrums and their le-
gislative halls, and changed their political creeds.
Sir, that idea has gained such a domination in
two thirds of the slave States, that it reigns, to-
day, supreme, despotic, and as intolerant of oppo-
sition as the Spanish inquisition. The honorable
Senator from Virginia himself [Mr. Hunter] de-
clared, in his speech last fall, at Charlottesville,
that when he " entered into the Fedcial Councils,
which was at the commencement of Mr. Van Bu-
ren's administration,the moraland political statuf
of the slavery question was very different from
what it now is. Then the southern men, with but
few exceptions, admitted shivery to be a moral
evil, and palliated or excused it on the plea of
necessity " Rut, last winter, in debate, in an
elaborate speech, he declared that, to-day, the
" key-stone of the American arch is the black
marble block of African slavery." And his col-
league, interrupting me in debate, asserted that in
Virginia, to-day, the almost universal opinion now
is, that slavery is " a blessing to both races; ail
institution to be fostered and encouraged." What-
ever claims to be a positive good, becomes, of ne-
cessity,-aggressive. It demands recognition, and
to destroy everything standing in its way.
I repeat, it is this new idea, this revolutionary
force, which, entering into our system, threatens
to rend and destroy the Government itself, in its
wild and irregular play. Ten or fifteen years ago
this idea demanded that every department of this
Government should yield to the legitimate expres-
sion of its power, and threatened to overthrow
whatever stood m its way. The first demand
which it made was, that Congress should surren-
der all power to restrict the extension of slavery
into the Territories. It demands, in the next
place, that the people of theTeriitoues shall have
no power to resist its expansion. It demands, in
the third place, that the Supreme Court, by a
decree, shall declare that it is established by the
Constitution in every Territory of the United
States. And now, it goes further, sir, and with
arms in its hands, it demands a new Constitution,
by which we shall carry the institution of slavery
not only into the Territories acquired from Mex-
ico, where it was prohibited by law before we
acquired them, but new provisions by which we
shall carry it into all future territory to be acquired
south of a given line, which may embrace the
whole of Mexico and Central America.
This new idea, this revolutionary force, de-
mands the expression of its power, or threatens
to rend and destroy the best Government on earth,
involving, it may be, the hopes and the liberties
of the world. And, sir, with an effrontery almost
sublime, when, with arms in its hand's, it seizes
our forts, fires upon our flag, takes possession of
our property, robs our Treasury, it claims to be
acting peacefully, with the most humane desire to
avoid collision and bloodshed; and if the Govern-
ment of the United States lifts its finger to defend
its property, then the Government of the United
States is charged with inaugurating civil war?
Why, Mr. President, what would be thought if
a man were to meet me upon the highway, put a
urge,
have
pistol to my breast, and tell me to deliver-my pi
or he would shoot me down, and then Should
the cool impudence to say, " if I do Shoot you,
you will be guilty of murder; and if you raise a
hand to defend yourself, you are using coercion-."
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to be drawn
into the discussion of these questions at length.
So far as this bill is concerned, it takes no -step
looking towards coercion or to the employment
of force. It is possible that the time may come—
though I trust in God it never will—when this
Government may be compelled to acknowledge,
the fact that the Union has been disrupted, and
that tiie States which have seceded have become
independent. This is not an act which acknowl-
edges their independence, nor is it an act which
looks like coercing them by arms. What we want
is to employ peaceful means to avoid & collision,
to avoid the use of force, to avoid the shedding
of blood; and for that purpose I hope that this
bill will be permitted to pass. As to those other
questions—as to what our relations may ulti-
mately become towards these seceding States—
they arc matters which belong to thefuture, which
I cannot predict; and which, in my judgment, no
human mind is capable of predicting. It rests
with Providence; it rests upon exigencies over
which, perhaps, we can have no control. Let us
wait, and let us see what the developments of
Providence, the course of events, may be. For
myself, I desire most earnestly to avoid the shed-
ding of blood. I desire a peaceful solution of alt
existing difficulties; and I hope and trust that we
may have a peaceful solution. Events are going
on very rapidly. We can hardly keep pace with
them. Wo must open our eyes to them, and see
them as they are. Let us not deceive ourselves,
nor suffer ourselves to be deceived, as to that
great idea which underlies what is transpiring in
our own day.
I hope,Mr. President, that this bill maype per-
mitted to pass without raising the question of
forcible coercion of any of the States ofthe Union.
Mr. HUNTER. Before I proceed to answer
the Senator in regard to the bill, I will set him
right with reference to the quotation from myself.
I said that when I first entered public life, many
southern men believed that slavery was a politi-
cal evil—I speak from memory—I could not have
said a moral evil, because they did not believe it
was wrong to hold slaves; but a political evil.
However, that is a small matter.
I rise, sir, to express my gratification at the tone
of remarks, in one respect, of the Senator from
Wisconsin. I am glad to hear that he does not
consider this as a measure of coercion, and that
he does hope there may be some peaceable ad-
justment of this question, even if it should be
found impossible to recall the seceded States. It
certainly was not my purpose to commit any man
or any party to the policy of coercion. It will
be time enough when they commit themselves,
and I shall be sorry enough to hear of it when
they do so. I am very glad to take the disclaimer;
but it was very natural that I should suppose that
this was meant, because, if the whole design was
to enable the Postmaster General to discontinue
routes which were intercepted, where it was im-
practicable to carry the mail, I believe he has that
power now. He can discontinue now; and it
seemed to me that the only object in such a bill was
to direct it towards the seceding States. The lan-
guage is, " on any post route, by reason of any
insurrection or resistance to the laws of the Uni-
ted States." We know they apprehend nothing -
of the sort in the non-slaveholding State:j._ We
do know that a large party maintain that insur-
rection and resistance exist in the seceded States.
As I said before, this bill is good or bad, ac-
cording to the end for which it is passed. I ad-
mit, with the view I take of the relations of these
i States, they have gone out of the Union, and
I there is no obligation on us to carry their mails
| for them, and I do not think we ought to do it;
i but what I wished to enforce, so far as I was able
i to do so, was that, if we admitted that they were
in the Union, we had no right to deny them their
share of the general benefits of our legislation;
that whatever po.wer this Government had must
extend tQ the individuals in the execution of the
laws, not to the coercion of States by denying
them their share of the general benefits of our
legislation under the Constitution. I still think,
if the bill has nofurther object than that expressed
