1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
allow the mails to be carried in pcace and safety, ;
I would rather withdraw the mails than send a
force to protect their transportation, and thus
produce a collision that might extend to the whole
Union. I think the case cited in Texas is one in
point, showing the necessity and wisdom of this
resolution.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator Ietme ask him
a question? It is simply this: how can a force
be sent there except as a posse, and on the requi-
sition of a lawful officer of the Federal Govern-
ment, to execute the law, when there is no officer
there that will ask for any such forcc?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of courso,itwas not neces-
sary for the Senator to remind me that military
force could not be used in this country except as
a posse; for I attempted to instruct him and the
Senate on that question some time ago.
Mr, GREEN. I asked the Senator a question
which 1 expccted him to answer. I did not ask
him forhis instructions. I have better instructors.
Mr. DOUGJL AS. If the Senator has better
instructors, he should have applied to them for the
information, instead of questioning' me, [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GREEN. I wanted to expose the absurd-
ity of the Little Giant.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I h^pe the Senator will be
successful, and that he will not expose himself
more than hedoes me. [Laughferin the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. JBigler m
the chair.) Order in the galleries!
Mi. DOUGLAS. I have now a word or two
to say to the Senator from Wisconsin. He has
discovered the cause of all our trouble. It is a
new idea, he says—the idea that slavery is a
blessing—that has been ingrafted into our system,
and become a political force that is now moving
this whole Government and bringing it to destruc-
tion. I suppose the idea has existed in some lo-
calities a very long time—so long as not now to
be new—that slavery is a blessing, and in others
that it is a curse. I do not think the existence in
men's brains, or the meie utterance by men's lips,
of such an idea would have disturbed the pcace
and harmony of this country, if there had been
no attempt to ingraft it on the policy of the Gov-
ernment. Our troubles do not arise from the in-
dividual opinions of men for or against slavery;
they arise out of the attempt to use the Federal
Government for the purpose of imposing their
opinions upon other people. The Senator has
quoted Mr. Madison and Mr. Jefferson as hold-
ing the opinion thatslavery was unwise, perhaps
unjust, and wrong m itself. He might have
added, and should have added, that while those
eminent statesmen held those opinions, they also |
held that it was unsafe, dangerous, and revolu- j
tionary to attempt to use the Federal Government ;
to control the slavery question. j.
I have no objection to the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin upon the subjectof slavery, j'
if he will confine his action on that subject within i
powers that are fully justified by the Constitution, j
I have no objection to the Senator from Vngirna j
having his opinions on that subject as a citizen of i
Virginia; but 1 deny that this Federal Govern-
ment has any right to interfere with the question
either way; and our difficulties arise from the
attempt by the power of the Federal Government
to decide the moral and religious aspects of the
slavery question. So long as you keep this ques-
tion in Congress as a legitimate subject of Fed-
eral action, you will have this same conflict rally-
ing the South and the North to hostile collision;
and the irritation must inevitably lead to a disrup-
tion of the Government. I repeat, sir, not for the
first time—it is a truth which cannot be repeated
too often—that if we expect to preserve peace m
this country, if we hope to maintain this Union,
we must drive the slavery question out of Con-
gress, and so amend the Constitution, if we can- j
not agree upon its true construction, as to render
it out of order for any Senator to propose either ,
to establish or to abolish, to protector to exclude, '
slavery anywhere.
The Senator has made great professions of de-
votion to this Union; but he is violently hostile to
any mode that will restore pcace and icunite the
States of the Union. Sir, I must say, in all frank-
ness, that I regard no man as friendly to this
Union who is unwilling to enter upon such a sys-
tem of pacification and compromise as will pre-
serve it. In my opinion, there is a deliberate plot
to break up thisUmon, under pretense of preserv-
ing it. In my opinion, there are as many disunion-
ists on this floor and on the floor of the other
branch of Congress, from the North as from the
South, men who have reasoned themselves into
the belief that it is wiser and better to drive the
sections into collision, to force disunion, and to
get up a war, to have blood shed, and render
reunion impossible, and then make a treaty of
peace. I hope I am mistaken in this. I have too
much respect for the intelligence of the Senators
to believe for one moment that they hope to pre-
serve this Union by military force. They know
that the use of military forcc, producing collision
and bloodshed, must result in a civil war between
fifteen States on one side, and the remainder of
the States of the Union on the other. How can
you avoid that result? You must do one of two
'things. Either settle the difficulty amicably, or
by the sword. An amicable settlement is a per-
petuation of the Union. The use of the sword
is war, disunion, and separation, now and forever.
How, then, can a man be a friend of the Union
and pursue thatline of policy which leads directly
and inevitably to war? Does the honorable Sen-
ator not know that war must have an end some
time, and that the end of war will be peace, not
by reunion, but by a recognition of independence
and eternal separation—peace and amity by treaty,
but not fraternal feeling: as brethren ? I desire to
avoid bloodshed. If we can preserve peace and
avoid civil war, I believe the Union may be main-
tained. It is only to bo done by such an adjust-
ment of our difficulties as will remove the causes
that have produced them, and prevent their re-
currence. If it be true, that the causes are to be
traced solely to the attempt of the Federal Gov-
ernment to interfere with the question of slavery,
the remedy is to deprive the Federal Government
of such power. This could be done in various
ways. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] who deserves, as he is leceiving, the
thanks ol c\ery Union-loving man in America for
his patriotic efforts, has brought forward a propo-
sition by winch this question can be taken out of
Congress forever. Other Senators have brought
forward propositions that will accomplish the same
result in a different manner. It matters not as to
the form of the proposition, if we can take the sla-
very question out of Congress, and deprive Con-
gress of all power to legislate upon the subject.
Then, candidates for office will have to talk about
something else than negroes and slavery. Then,
we shall have time to discuss and to examine com-
mercial and other questions that affect the mate-
rial interests of the country; but so long as the
slavery question is kept in Congress, that will
be the most exciting, and hence the controlling
topic, and men will get into public life in conse-
quence of their opinions in regard to it. So it is
now. The most ultra men get here from both
sections of the Union, and moderate men, north
and south, are cut down; the most violent, the
most reckless, the most unscrupulous, take the
place of the moderate and conservative, simply
because they aie not restrained by constitutional
guarantees.
Mr. President, I did not intend to go into the
discussion of this question, and should not have
done so, if the Senator from Wisconsin had not
brought it before the Senate in connection with
this bill. I hope the bill will be amended by
striking out the offensive words, and then adoptftl
as a peace measure; but if it is necessary to dis-
cuss the question of force, let us wait until the
force bills come up, and then meet it plainly and
unequivocally, when we know that the measure
means what we apprehend it does.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President—
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to say one word in reply to
the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Illinois
seemed to think that I was entirely in error in
stating that this was a new idea which had lately
taken possession of the southern mind. Upon
that subject, I will quote the language of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr Hunter,]
which helastfallusedin his Cliarlottseville speech.
He said:
" When 1 first entered ;lie Federal Councils, which was at
the commencement of Mi Van Bmoit's administration, tiie
moral statin ol tlio slavery question was very ditferenu'rom
what it now is* Then the southern men themselves, with
but few exceptions,admitted slavery to Uoamoral evil, and
palliated or excused it. on the-plea ofrriccessity."
g • •
Now what I have to say in relation to thai is
this: tliatsince that period,since Mr. Van Buren's
administration, this new idea, new at the South
as well as at the North, that slavery is a blessing,
and no longer either a moral or political evil, has
grown up; and it has been the growth of that idea
which has produced all the present trouble-in
relation to the Government of the United States.
This new idea, by demanding the legitimate ex-
pression of its power in the Government pf the
United States, and in all its departments, is just
what has produced the whole difficulty.
In 1852 we had peace. The slavery question
was settled, and settled by law; in all the terri-
tory of the United States north of 36° 30' by the
compromise of 1820; in New Mexico and Utah
by the compromise of 1850. But, sir, this new
idea, that slavery is a blessing, came here to the
Federal Government and demanded expansion
for slavery into the free Territories of the United
States. It demanded first, the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; and it was done. The Sena-
tor from Illinois is tlje man whose hand was raised
to strike down that compromise which had given
peace for thirty years. It demanded, after that
was repealed, the subjugation of Kansas; and it
was done. Then, sir, when the Lecompton con-
stitution was formed, though reeking with per-
jury and fraud, and though voted down by ten
thousand majority of the people of Kansas, this
same new idea demanded that Kansas should be
forced into the Union under that constitution, and
in violation of the will of that people. That idea
is still here pressing new demands; atnd what does
it ask now ? Mr. President, it now demands a new
Constitution; it demands that the Constitution of
our fathers, which was made,and made perfecton
this question, shall give way to new provisions to
subjectfreeTerritonesto the institution of slavery.
Mr. GREEN. I gave way for one idea; not
for a speech.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 say, Mr.President, that
this is the new idea which is producing all this
trouble now. If we wish to have peace, let us
cherish the ideas of our fathers, the ideas of your
fathers as well as of ours; ay, your own ideas but
a few years ajo.
Mr. GREEN. I must claim my right* Really
I did not give way for a speech, but for one idea.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, I desire to elaborate
the idea, that the Senator from Missouri may
fully understand it. [Laughter.] I say it now
demands a new provision in the Constitution
which shall carry slavery into Territories thatare
five. 1 appeal to the Senator from Illinois: are
not the Territories which were acquired from
Mexico made free by the law of Mexico; and
wore they not free before and at the time we ac-
quired them ? Now, when you ask fora provision
in the Constitution which is to carry slavery into
Territories already free, you ask for a new pro-
vision, not to secure the rights you now have,
but to obtain rights which it does not give. You
do not ask to stand on the Constitution as it is;
on the Constitution as our fathers made it. Toil
ask new guarantees, new provisions. If you will
come back to the old, if you will adopt the ideas
of your fathers, we shall have peace. Let us
stand by the Constitution as it was made.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish the Senator would let
me explain the extract in reference to myself. I
want it to go with his remarks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I admit that the extract is
true; but what I meant to say before was, that I
had never asserted that anybody in the South
thought, it was a sin to hold slaves. Many did
believe it was a moral and political evil.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say a word to the
Senator from Wisconsin who has just arraigned
me. _ • 
Mr. WADE. Sir, I do not rise to make a
speech. When I go in for a war speech or a
peace speech, I want to have a measure up that
will warrant it; and I have i isen now not to make
a speech, but to implore the friends of this bill,
who really want it to pass, not to drag in and
about it all the controverted questions that are*ip
at the present time. Sir, if gentlemen would read
this bili 
