1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•521
EESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication:
House op Representatives, December 10,1860.
Sir : I have the honor to inform you that on the 15th day of
October last I placed in the hands of the Governor ofMaine
my resignation ot'the office of Representative in theCongress
of the United States from the fifth congressional district in
that State, to take effect on the 1st day of January, 1861.
I am, very respectfully, your Jr.
To William Pennington,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
REPORTS FROM TEE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House several reports of the Court of
Claims; which were referred, under the rule, to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. ELY, (py unanimous consent, introduced a
bill supplemental to "An act to facilitate commu-
nication between the Atlantic and Pacific States
by electric telegraph;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
PUGBT SOUND.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing, by
special enactment, the surveyor general of Washington
Territory, under the supervision of the Department of the
Interior, to decide upon the validity of the claims of the
Puget Sound Agricultural Company; and if they are entitled
to consideration, to determine the location and boundaries
of " farms " and " lands " that belong to the company, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also, by
unanimous consent, introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, andagreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing aswift
war steamer for the defense of Puget Sound, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
MAIL ROUTE IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following joint res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Postmaster General be, and he hereby is, authorized
and directed to extend the contract with the present con-
tractor upon route No. 12730, Washington Territory, for
weekly service, to a semi-weekly mail service for four
years, at a pro rata compensation on the present mail pay.
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT JOHN MULLAN.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the House the report of Lieutenant John
Mullan, United States Army, of his operations in charge
of the wagon road from Fort Benton to the Walla Walia.
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. X desire that one
of the reports of the Court of Claims, presented
to the House this morning, be referred to the
Committee of Claims. It is the report in the case
of Theodore Adams, purser in the United States
Navy. I suppose there will be no objection to
that.
Mr. BURNETT. Is the report in that case an
adverse one ?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is not.
No objection being made, the report was re-
ferred accordingly.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. STOKES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instructed to report to this House the
bill referred to them repealing the act of 1856, regulating
the compensation of members of Congress.
Objection was made, and the resolution was
not received.
INDIAN DISTURBANCES.
Mr.OTERO, by unanimous consent,introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Secretary of State be, and hereby is,
respectfully requested to communicate to this House copies
of all papers and letters now on file in his Department from
his Excellency Governor A. Rencher, pertaining to Indian
disturbances in the Territory of New Mexico, and relating
to the action of the people of said Territory uponthesame.
VOLUNTEER TROOPS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following joint resolution; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the volunteers now in service in the Territory of New
Mexico, and coSperating with the regular troops, be, and
the same are hereby, recognized as being within the act of
Congress of March' 19,1836, and that they be entitled to
the same pay and emoluments of officers, non-commis-
sioned officers, and privates of the regular Army duringthe
period in which they shall have been in active service in
the prosecution of the said Navajo war; and the sum of 
dollars is hereby appropriated to pay the said volunteers:
Provided, That the service of the said volunteers be first
approved by the Secretary of War, and that the paymentof
the said pay and emoluments be made undersuchrulesand
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of War.
PENSIONS.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill granting pensions to the soldiers
of the war of 1812.
Mr. CURRY objected.
MESSAGE FROM'THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of A. J. Gloss-
brenner, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had approved ana signed " An act
to authorize the issue of Treasury noBes, and for
other purposes."
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit certain propositions
for reference to the select committee of thirty-
three. .
The SPEAKER. No objection being made,
the propositions will be referred to the select
committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I prefer to have them
read.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business, and I insist upon it.
Mr. FLORENCE. That does not supersede
my propositions.
The SPEAKER. ' They are received and re-
ferred. ,
Mr. FLORENCE. I wanted them read. They
are, a resolution prepared by myself, and the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of the citizens of Philadel-
phia; and I desire, after they are read, to have
them referred to the committee on public safety—
which, by the way, is a very appropriate term, I
should think. I want the House to understand
precisely the feelings which prompt the citizens
of Philadelphia this exigency of public affairs.
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolutions;
but was interrupted By 
Mr. BURNETT, who said: I suppose every
gentleman has read the proceedings.of that meet-
ing; and, therefore, I hope the papers will be sent
to the committee of thirty-three without further
rCMi"SFLORENCE. I prefer that they should
be read.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. They will be referred to the
committee of thirty-three.
Mr. FLORENCE. I asked the unanimous
consent of the House to present these resolutions
and papers, and it was granted. I ask that the
papers be read, that the citizens of Philadelphia, a
part of whom I represent, may be heard. While
we have been talking here the papers could have
been read. If I believed that every gentleman in
this House had read these patriotic resolutions,
and that they had been properly impressed by
them, as I could wish, I would not ask for then-
reading. , j j
The reading of the papers was then concluded.
The following is the resolution offered by Mr.
Florence:
Resolved, 4-c., That the following amendments be pro-
posed to the Constitution of the United States: u  eriS1^
of property in slaves is recognized, and no law shall he
passed and nothing shall be done to impair, obstruct, or
prevent the full and free enjoyment and use ot such rignt
m any Territory or other property of trie United States, ino
new States shall be admitted into the Union without the
consent of two thirds of.all the members of both branches
of Congress; and the vote shall be taken by yeas and nays,
which shall be entered on the Journals; and every bill tor
such purpose shali be subject to the approval or objection
of the President of the United States, as in other cases,
excepting that, when returned with his objections, it shall
require the vote of three fourths of all the members of both
Houses of Congress to pass it notwithstanding.
The proceedings of the Philadelphia meeting,
which were read, are as follows:
"In accordance with resolutions of the Councils and a
proclamation by the Mayor of the city of Philadelphia, a
mass meeting of citizens, without distinction of party, was
held on Thursday, November 13, 1860, at noon, in Inde-
pendence square, for the purpose of testifying their unfail-
ing devotion to the Union, and their abiding fidelity to its
Constitution and laws. The following are the resolutions
adopted by the City Councils a week ago:
44 < Whereas there is great reason to fear'that there is se-
rious peril of the dissolution of the Union of these United
States, under whose protection we have grown to be a
great and prosperous nation, and it is fitting that the citi-
zens of Philadelphia—that city in which the great princi-
ples of the Union were first embodied and promulgated—
should, ia some suitable way, express their love for the
Union and their devotion to its perpetuation and to the
strengthening of those bonds which unite us, whether of
the North or the South, the East or the West, as one great
and united people: Therefore,
c t Resolved by the Select and Common Councils of the city
of Philadelphia, That the Mayor of the city be, and he is
hereby, requested, by his proclamation, to invito our ftllow-
citizens who love the Union to assemble at the old State-
House, at twelve, noon, of a day to be appointed for the
purpose, there to express their attachment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and their love for the Union
which it creates and protects.
"4 Resolved, That a joint special committee, consisting of
six members from each chamber of Councils, to which shall
be added the Presidents, be appointed to cooperate with
the Mayor in such arrangements as may be proper, in their
judgment, by way of preparation for such meeting.'
" in pursuance of these resolutions, Mayor Henry, on the
10th instant, issued the following proclamation :
« Citizens of Philadelphia: At a time when the continu-
ance of our national Union is in peril, and the breaking up
of our Confederacy appears to be imminent, it is proper that
a loyal people, casting off the spirit of party, should in a
special manner avow their unfailing devotion to the Union
and their abiding fidelity to the Constitution and laws.
"To this end, feya'dvice of the Councils of Philadelphia,
I earnestly invite you, laying aside your several callings,
to assemble at the State-House, at noon of Thursday next,
that, with an honest sense of your responsibility as Ameri-
can citizens, you may counsel together to avert the danger
which threatens our country, and that, relying upon the
favor of Almighty God, you may seek to perpetuate for
yourselves and your children the blessings of constitutional
1 « Given under my hand and the seal of the city of Phila-
delphia, this 10th day of December, in the year of our Lord
186°" "ALEXANDER HENRY, Mayor of Philadelphia.
"RESOLUTIONS.
"The people ofcthe city of Philadelphia, having assem-
bled in checrfu! obedience to the proclamation of the Mayor,
Issued by request of their Councils, for the purpose of testi-
fying their love fur the Union, and their devotion to its per-
petuation, and to the strengthening of those bonds which
hold us together, whether of the North or the South, the
East or the West, as one great and united people, do
" Resolve, I. With one voice and united hearts, we pro-
claim our attachment to, and" reverence for. the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and dur earnest and enduring
love for that great Union which it creates and protects-~a
love which is not bcctional, but national, and that greets
our brother, from whatever State he comes, as a partaker
with us in that noblest of all inheritances, the title of a
citizen of the United States.
" Resolved, 2. That the usefulness and the endurance of
the Union both depend upon a faithful observance by the
people of all the States of all the requirements of thatsacred
instrument which the wisdom and the patriotism of our
fathers framed, and under whose provisions we have be-
come a great and happy people, prosperous and renowned
among the nations of the earth.
"Resolved. That we do therefore most deeply deplore
the fact, that some of the States of this Union have placed
upon their statute-books enactments which evade or defeat
provisions which the fraroers of the Constitution wisely
inserted for the protection of valuable rights of citizens of
other States; and that we pronounce all such acts to be
violations of the solemn compact by which we are made
one people, and that we earnestly appeal to our brethren of
those States instantly to repeal all such enactments.
« Resolved, 4. That the people of Philadelphia hereby
pledge themselves to their brethren of the other States,
that the statute-books of Pennsylvania shall be carefully
searched by their representatives at the approaching session
of the Legislature, and that every statute, if any such there
be, which in the least degree invades the constitutional
rights of citizens of a sister State, will beat once repealed ;
and that Pennsylvania, ever loyal to the Union, and liberal
in construing her obligations to it, will be faithful always
in her obedience to its requirements.
"Resolved, 5. That we recognizethe obligations of the
act of Congress of 18o0, commonly known as the fuyiuve
slave law, and submit cheerfully to its faithful enf'oi ce-
ment ; and that we point with pride and satisfaction to the
recent conviction and punishment, in this city ol Philadel-
phia, of those who had broken its piovisions by aiding in
the attempted rescue of a slave, as proof that Philadelphia
is faithful in her obedience to the law; and furthermore,
that we recommend to the Legislature of our own State the
passage of a law which shall give compensation in case ot
the rescue of a captured slave, by the county in which en
rescue occurs, precisely as is now done by existing laws in
case of destruction of property by the violence ot hiods.
« Resolved, G. That as to the question of the recognition
of slaves as property, and as to the t\?l
slave-owners ia the Territories of the United States, the
