1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me move to take up
an appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. THIas the time come ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no time about
it It is 110 use to continue this bill now, for we
cannot get a vote to-day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You can, as soon as I have
said a few words in reply to the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there can be any kind
of certainty that we shall have the vote as soon
as the Senator concludes his reply, I shall wait.
Mr. WADE. I will give way in a moment, if
the Senator from Maine wishes to make his mo-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. I have the floor myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how the
Senator from Missouri can have the floor, unless
he occupies it all the while other people are speak-
ing.
Mr. WADE. I claim that I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pot.k in
the chair.) The Senator from Ohio is now en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. WADE. Much-lias been said about this
bill and the States to which it applies. It has been
argued as if it applied to certain seceding States.
Ifgentlemen, instead of arguing in that way, would
read the bill, they would find that it applied no
more to those States than to any others. It ap-
plies to all alike. It applies to any State where
the mails arc obstructed, or are about to bo ob-
structed, or where the revenues arising from post-
ages cannot be collected. There is a dispatch in
a paper before-me, showing that in Texas, a State
that I believe has not really technically seceded
yet, they have arrested the mail agents and stopped
the mails. Would it be proper for the Postmas-
ter General to go on with the mails there, not-
withstanding that act? and shall lie send down an
army to protect the mails there, and thus bring
on war? I do not wish to elaborate this idea; but
if there is any measure on earth that is a peace
measure, it is this. The bill ought to be passed.
1 do not want to hear argument on our side; that
is all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word to say in
reply to the Senator from Wisconsin, who brought
up his bill of indictment against a large number
of persons, and then concentrated it all on myself.
He tcllsjus that this new idea which he has dis-
covered originated about fifteen years ago, and
has been gradually increasing from that day to
this. The new idea is, tluit slavery is a blessing.
He says that, prior to the period which lie men-
tions, the contrary had been the prevailing opin-
ion; but that this new doctrine has increased, and
increased within the last few years, until now it
has become the general opinion in many of the
States that slavery is a blessing. Let me inquire
of him whether, according to his own statement,
this idea did not originate just about the time that
the anti-slavery agitation began? During the
whole period of the anti-slavery agitation, we are
told that opinions favorable to slavery have in-
creased every year in proportion as the agitation
against it was kept up. The Senator ought to
reflect. If the only result of the anti-slavery agi-
tation at the North, and the attempt to control
slavery by the Federal Government, has been to
increase the opinion that slavery is a blessing, and
to make converts to the slavery cause, you had
better quit the agitation. Yen have done a great
deal of very bad preaching, if the only effect has
been to make converts against you m those States
where alone slavery exists, and where they have
the power to control it. It is a confession that
shows that your whole agitation is wrong; that
you have injured the cause you profess to be de-
voted to, and have increased the feeling in favor
of slavery at the South, while you may have in-
creased the feeling against it at the North. Tims,
the result of your own action has been to create an
antagonism by which the North and the South
are brought into ci*liision, and the peace of the
Union destroyed.
Sir, I shall not go into the discussion-of the old
story about the Nebraska bill. Inasmuch as that
Senator was with me when I brought it forward;
inasmuch as I understand that he belonged to the
Democratic party for a long time afterwards; in-
asmuch as, if I am correctly informed, he was a
candidate for Congress before a Democratic con-
vention in 1856, and never joined the Republican
party, or dreamed of doing so, until he was beaten
m that Democratic convention for Congress, and
then deserted to the enemy and became a convert,
and in six weeks got his seat in the Senate, I
think I can afford to pass over what he said on
that point
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. -As the gentleman from
Illinois is speaking of a matter that concerns me
personally, I desire to say a word.
Mr. GREEN. I have yielded for a long while.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But on this question,
which concerns me personally, I have a right to
say something.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, that it is true I aided
in the election of Mr. Pierce to the Presidency.
I went before the people of Wisconsin, and asked
them to support him on the express ground that
the slavery question was settled—settled by the
compromise of 1820, as to the territory north of
36° 30', and by the compromise of 1850, as to New
Mexico and Utah. I was elected to the bench of
the first circuit court of Wisconsin in 1852; and
while I was on the bench, the proposition to re-
peal the Missouri compromise was made, first, I
believe, by Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky, and then
adopted by the Senator from Illinois, in bringing
forward the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Being upon
the bench, I was not engaged, as a matter of
course, in political action. As to the statement
that I was a candidate for nomination before a
Democratic convention in 185G, it is an entire
mistake. The gentleman is under an entire mis-
apprehension; he is entirely misinformed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I am misinformed, I should
like to be corrected. I was informed in Wiscon-
sin, by a great many men, this year, that the Sen-
ator was a candidate before a Democratic conven-
tion, I think about September, 1856, and was a
supporter of Mr. Buchanan until after he was
defeated in that convention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very glad to he cor-
rected, because I have heard it very often.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman is very
much mistaken. I will state to him, if he desires
to know, precisely the time when I gave my ad-
hesion to Mr. Ficmont. When the House of
Representatives was struggling to put down what
was denominated the border-ruffian code in Kan-
sas, and the Senate stood here opposing the action
of that House, I stated to my friends m Wiscon-
sin, that if the Democratic Senate, the friends of
Mr. Buchanan, should insist upon enforcing that
code in Kansas, I could not act with any party
that would sustain it; for it had been enacted by
men who were not elected by the people of Kan-
sas, but by those who had invaded their soil, and
taken possession of their Territory. That was
the occasion of my entering into the political field
at all. I had not said a word on politics for three,
years previous, and desired not to do so, until
compelled to do so by a sense of indignation at
what I deemed a great outrage. I will say to the
honorable Senator, also, that if he supposes I ever
favored his project to repeal the Missouri com-
promise,he is utterly mistaken; for I stated then,
what I have seen verified since, that if the Dem-
ocratic party of the United States did disturb that
i compromise, it would be utterly demoralized and
1 ruined.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to say, in reply
to the Senator, that his denial that he was a can-
didate for nomination in 1856 before a Democratic
convention is to me conclusive. I had heard it
from so many respectable men in Wisconsin, who
claimed to have been delegates in the convention,
and to know all the facts they were talking about,
that I supposed it was true. As lie has denied it,
I withdraw ail that I said upon that subject, and
am very glad to be corrected.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, it has been the
ordinary custom of the Senate, in the short space
of time I have had the honor of a seat here, that
when a Senator gets the floor, he may yield for
little explanations; but to have four or five long
speeches interjected,and then myrightto the floor
denied, is a little more, I think, than has been the
custom of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say a word
to the Senator. The President of the Senate de-
cided the other day, and gave notice, that here-
after if any gentleman yielded the floor, lie could
not resume it; he must yield it entirely and uncon-
ditionally.
Mr. GREEN. I am talking about what the
custom of the Senate has been.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair feels
it due to state that the Senator from Missourigot
the floor; and when the gentleman to whom he
yielded for an interruption got through his re-
marks, the Senator from Missouri was not in his
place; and then the Senator from Ohio addressed
the Chair, and the Chair recognized the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. GREEN. I was in my place; but having
been willing to yield to the Senator from Illinois
to rejoin, and to the Senator from Virginia to ex-
plain, things went on in the manner they did. I
have taken the floor for the purpose of making a
correction. I asked the Senator from Illinois a
question, for the purpose of calling his attention
to the existing law, and he saw proper to play off
with a witticism, rather than to answer it as a
statesman.
It is said here that this is a measure of peace.
If so—if it be a measure of peace—it must be be-
cause it will prevent a collision that might take
place without it. What collision, I ask, can take
place without the passage of this bill? It was
stated yesterday that insurrection and rebellion
might exist in a State, and thus obstruct the pas-
sage of the mail; and that the Postmaster General
and the President would be bound to suppress
them. I then answered from the Federal Consti-
tution, under which we are acting, and to which
we owe allegiance, and to whose support we have
sworn, that in no case of insurrection or rebellion
in a State can the Federal Government, by its Ex-
ecutive or any other authority, interpose, unless
the interposition is called for by the State itself;
and hence this proposition cannot prevent collis-
ion, for there is no danger of collision. If insur-
rection exists in South Carolina, you cannot send
Federal troops to suppress that insurrection, un-
less either the Governor, or, if the Legislature be
in session, the legislative power, calls upon the
Executive to interpose by sending Federal troops.
That is the Constitution, and no law of Congress
can change it. It is imperative; and it is as bind-
ing as the law of the Medes and Persians. In no
case affecting the execution of the laws in a State,
can the Executive interpose, except with the aid
of a process of the court. If there be no judge,
no judicial proceedings, no marshal,and no war-
rant in the hands of the marshal, there can be no
call—no fact which will justify the President in
making use either of the militia or of Federal
troops. Hence, it is not a measure of peace, for
theie is no danger of collision. If there were
danger of collision without this, then there would
be some cause for it; but what can produce that
collision ? Can the Postmaster General or the
President undertake to suppress insurrection and
rebellion in any State under existing laws? They
cannot. The Constitution does not allow it; the
laws of the land do not allow it; and if there was
a law that did allow it, it would be unconstitu-
tional, because it would conflict with the Consti-
tution. Hence, therefoie, there can be no danger
of collision; and it is a pretense, as 1 think, to
smuggle in a measure of a different character.
Before I take my seat, I will send to the Secre-
tary's desk, to be read, an amendment which I
intend to propose. If the object here is to punish
States because of any interruption of the mail and
postal laws, I wish to punish them in a like de-
gree for violating another law. I propose this
amendment. It is not in order to receive it now;
but I merely wish to have it read, and give notice
that 1 shall move it, and desire to have a vote
upon it:
Jlndlc it finthcr enactcd, That the Postmaster General
be directed to suspend mail service on all routes passing
through any county or State violating the fugitive slave
law, eithei bv force or by societies organized toi tile pur-
pose of running off' slave property.
If our intention is to withhold mail facilities
because there is some obstruction to the postal
law, I intend to see whether you will mete out
the same measure of justice for violations of other
laws more important in their character, and the
violations of which are more dangerous to the
peace of the country.
MISSION OP PEACE FROM VIRGINIA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Polk in
