122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
people, of Philadelphia submit themselves obediently and
chcerfully to the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, whether now made, or hereafter to bo made;
and they pledge themselves faithfully to observe the Con-
stitution in these respect*, as the same lias been or may hp
expounded by that "august tribunal. Ami-further,-they rec-
ommend that whatever points ot doubt exist, touchiug
these subjects be in some amicable and lawful way forth-
with submitted to the consideration of said eouit, and that
its opinion be accepted as the final and authoritative solu-
tion of al! doubts as to the meaning of the Constitution in
controverted points. ^
" Resolved, 7. That all denunciations of slavery, as exist-
ing in the United States, and of our fellow-citizens who
maintain that institution, and who hold slaves under U,
arc,incon3isteiit with that spirit of brotherhood and kind-
ness which ought to animate all who live under and pro-
fess to support the Constitution of the American Union.
" Resolved, 8. That we cordially approve the suggestion,
that a convention, or congress of delegates from the several
States, be held for the purpose of consultation, and of sug-
gesting such remedies as they deem pioper; and that it is
the firm conviction of the citizens of Philadelphia, that the
propositions made by such a convention would be received
by the people of our State in a fraternal and conciliatory
spirit, and with an earnest desire to remove all gioundd
of ju it complaint on the part of our southern brethien.
" Resolved, finally, That we appeal to our brethren of
South Carolina, of Gcoigia, of Alabama, of Mississippi, of
Florida, and of such other States as are considering the
question of sccedmgfrom the Union, with all the affection-
ate earnestness we can express, to foi bear; that wc remind
them of the innumerable ties which bind us together as one
people, and which seem to us so strong that no power
shot t of that which paralyzes all memory, and effaces all
history, can separate us>; that the ashes of those brave men
who fought with us and for us rest beneath our soil, and that
they have in their keeping the bones of our soldiers who per-
ished in their defense; that ourgloiious institutions, under
whose guidance and protection we have'attained so great
prosperity and renown, and which have made this Union
of States the joy and hope of oppressed millions thiou^hout
the world, were framed by the wisdom, built by the toil, and
defended by the blood of a common ancestry, and cannot
perish without an eternal reproach to us, their children, if
we destroy so great and so fair an inheritance."
The petition, which was read', is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
The petition of William Wheeler liubbell, of Philadel-
phia, attorney-at-law, and a citizen of the State of Penn-
sylvania, respectfully represents:
That your petitioner is interested as owner of African
slave "ctlectN," or peisonal "property," and also real
"pioperty," in the State of South Carolina, as well as
property in Pennsylvania, and is otherwise interested in
the state of the Union.
And >our petitioner respectfully suggests and complains
of grievances for which he seeks redress.-And he respect-
fully prays that the suggestions contained hereinafter for
the peace and stability of the Union, and the protection of
such oftecH or propeity, be canied into execution.
Your petitioner maintains that African slaves were per-
sonal estate or " ejects," "property" or rights, bought and
sold as other cjfects or property, for money or value, by the
citizens of both the northern and:southern States, uhen the
Constitution of the United States was formed and amended;
and that tlie Constitution, as to such " effects," in com-
mon with all other ejjccts or personal estate, declares, in
ai tide four of the amendments, that tljp righto? the people
sh^li be secure against unreasonable seizure^ and shall not
be violated.
And in article five," nor be deprived of property without
due process of law.
That the word " effectsin the Constitution, means per-
sonal estate; and the word "propeity" means both personal
and real property; and that African slaves, at the time,
wore, and are now, personal estate or personal property.
That the Constitution makes nodistinction whatever as to
efftfeN or propeity. It includes and seemed all rights, or
effects, oi property, both personal and real. And that the
Constitution, by such clauses,guaianties protection in the
enjoyment or poshosiou ot tiie '• light" oi estate in Afii-
can slaves, as well as in any other '• effects" or personal
efatnie," property" or right* whatsoever, that it 5hall not be
violated. All Lho citizens have equal rights thereunder.
That your petitioner's rights in slave effects or piopertyare
invaded by the northern States, by the election ol officers
on issues involving the exclusion of such effects or prop-
erty from the Territories of the people of the United States
asaiawlul right; whereas such ls an unlawful i<sue for
the elective franchise of the people under their Constitu-
tion of the United States; and whereas, your petitioner
has a constitutional right, at all timcb, to take and hold all
of his effects or property, slave and all othet, within the
Tenitotiesof the people of the United States, protected
from violence by the Federal Government.
And your petitioner turthei complains that laws or regu-
lations have been made by several of the States—called
personal liberty laws—which are intended to obstruct the
execution of the fugitive slave law, and the provisions of
the Constitution as to the rendition of fugitives from labor,
both Mav - and for a term of years, ana tointerfeie with the
rights of property therein ; anfr that such enactments or
regulations are in violation of the Federal Constitution.
That Congress has not made provision for declaring such
State act- void by the speedy process inequity before
the Supiomn Court of the United States, as empowered by
t^e Constitution.
A iid yom petitioner further maintains, that no State of the
Union Insane lawful right at present to pass any ordinance
of pe.'eeaijic secession from, or dissolution of the Union
und.'i the Constitution of the United States as it now stand*;
that although under a Congress has express power to con-
sent to the admi.-Mon of a State, no power is gianted by it
to Congress to consent to the secession of any State; that
a State, or the people thoreof, not having been admitted
solely by their own consent into the Union, but also by the
consent of all the other people or States, cannot secede
solely by their own will; the power peaceably to destroy
must be as gieat a* the power peaceably to create the
Union ; that the Constitution of the United States is made
by the people of the United States, and not by the States m
their capacity as States; that it is a Federal Government
of the whole people of the United States, and not a Gov-
ernment of the States; that there is no provision for dis-
solving the Union expressed in the Constitution; that
a confederation of States apart fiom the Constitution is
expressly prohibited; that there is no provision of any kind
for the peaceabie secession of any State, or of the people of
any State, either expressed or implied in tiie Constitution;
that the Union under it is a perpetual Union of the peo-
ple, with a reserved power of amendment of the Constitu-
tion; and that unless the Constitution be first amended, so
as to expressly provide for and declare a manner of disso-
lution or secession of the people of the confederated States,
it remains absolutely indissoluble and perpetual, and all the
States and people are equally bound thereby, except that
it be overturned and destroyed by actual revolution and civil
war, and superseded thereafter by another Government.
Your petitioner maintains that overt acts of aggression,
or withholding of protection from violence against the slave
property of tiie people, or any portion thereof, or the pro-
hibition theieof by the United States Government, either
in the Territoues ot the United States, or in the States
which recognize and regulate slavery by statute law, would
be just ground for revolution and resistance; for the rea
son, that the Fedeial power will have ceased to be a Gov-
ernment under the Constitution of the United States, and
become an unlawful, usurping power. It is the lapid ap-
pioach to this condition of national affairs which has justly
aggrieved the South, and people owning slave propeity, oi
personal estate in slaves, or kt effects."
Your petitioner greatly depiecates the present prospect
of war between the people of the United States, through
their State governnients? and the Federal Government.
Your petitioner's lights of piopeity aie deeply and im-
mediately interested therein. lie has rights of piopeity m
Chailcston and vicinity, South Caiohna; rights of prop-
eity in Pennsylvania; and rights of property m the posses-
sion of the United States Government; all of which arc
greatly jeopardized by the existing condition of our internal
national affairs.
Your petitioner is the inventor and patentee of the ex-
plosive shell, with which all the shell guns of the Navy of
the United States are now provided, to the number of over
fifty thousand. It is the most destiuctive war projectile
of modem times for naval use, and was employed to de-
molish the Bogus Forts, wlieie if exhibited its superior
powers. Your petitioner has letters patent of the United
States theieon; and, under an express contiact, placed
the United States in possession of the said projectiles hut
the United States has not paid for the same according to
contiact.
Your pctitionci did tiius invent and intiuH the Govern-
ment with snul war pinjeetiie, with no other intent than
that it should he u^ed exclusively in the defense of the
people, and propeity ot the people, ol the United States;
and would greatly deplore its u^e against any citizens ot
the United States, or their propeity, particulaily again,t
the property of his family in South Caiohna, which he is
bound to piotect byjorec if neccs&aiy.
Your petitioner, therefore, prays the prompt action of
Congress on the basis lie herein suggests for the peaceable
determination ot present difficulties.
First. For the reestabli.-hnient at present by act of Con-
gress of the Missouri compromise line extended to the Pa-
cific ocean.
Second. For its eaily adoption in the Constitution by
amendment, as a permanent settlement of the slavery ques-
tion between the South and the Nortljytoid that Congress
shall not have power to prohibit or riWam slavery south
of said line, but shall be bound to employ the Federal power
to protect it theiein. *
Third. For an amendment that the people of the United
States, m two distinct conventions assembled, shall nomi-
nate in each convention a person for Pre&ident and a per-
son for Vice President of the United States : that there shall
be two candidates for President and two for Vice President
before the people for election, and no more ; and that the
Picsident and Vice President shall be selected fiom the
south of said line for one term, and from the north of said
line for the succeeding teim, alternately.
Fourth. For an amendment that a certain uumber of the
judges of the Supreme Couit of tiie United States shall be
appointed from the south of said line, and a-i equal number
fiom the north of &>aul line ; and if there be an odd number
of judges to con^tituto the court, one of them shall be ap-
pointed from the District ot Columbia, beside the equal
number north and south of said line.
Fifth. For an amendment to secure the value of the slave
property from the county wherein it is violated by its in-
habitants, under any pretense or m any manner, by the
rescue of the slave from the custody of'the owner or his
agent or a United States officer.
Sixth. Topiovidcfoi a speedy adjudication of any State
enactment or regulation respecting the rendition of fugi-
tives fiom labur or slave--, by pioceeding< in equity, at the
suit of any State whoso citizens are aggueved against tiie
State making such law or regulation .in tiie Supieme Court
of the (Tinted States; and that it may be decreed null and
void, if in violation of the Constitution ; and providing a
penalty as for contempt of couit against any inhabitant
afterwards attempting to carry such law or regulation into
execution.
Seventh- For protecting: the right in transitu with Afri-
can slave effects or property troin one slave State to another,
under the Constitution, by acts of Congress.
Eighth. For the. right of sojourn with family slave ser-
vants for a limited period in any State, under the Constitu-
tion, protected by acta of Congiess, as a right of comitv
between the citizens of the several States.
And your petitioner will ever pray, &c.,
WILLIAM WHEELER HUB BELL
Philadelphia, December 12, 1860,
During: the reading- of the petition,
Mr. MORRIS, cf Illinois, said: Mr. Speaker,
I move that the further reading of that paper be
dispensed with. I think we have devoted about
enough of our time to the gentleman's papers.
Mi. FLORENCE. I have no objec :lion to dis-
pensing with the further reading. Let the peti-
tion go to the committee of thirty-three.
'Mr. EDGERTON. I object, and have objected
for half an hour.
UNITED STATES ARMORIES.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I yesterday
offered a resolution which was objected to by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.] I
afterwards explained to him the object of the res-
olution, and I understand that he does not now
persist in his objection. I ask that it be read
and adopted.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Seciecatyof Wai be requested to fur-
nish to this House statement* showing h<fw many stand of
arms of the latest standard model, manufatured at the na-
tional armories:, are now in the immediate custody of the
United States, and where deposited; al?>o, how many of
any infeiior model are in the like custody, and wnere de-
posited; a!?o, how many arms of the manufacture ot the
United States aimoties, andot what model, have been fur-
nished to eitlx'i of the States, or othciwise di^po^ed of,
6inec the 1st of January, 1850, and under what authority.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to offer an
amendment to that resolution.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to the resolution;
and call for the regular order of business.
QUESTION 0# ORDER.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear you,
sir.
Mr. EDGERTON. When these resolutions
introduced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] were presented, I objected,and
have continually objected to their reception. I
call the attention of the Speaker to that fact, and
I ask whether, in the face of that objection, the
resolutions can gQ to the committee of thirty-
three.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
objection of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. EDGERTON. I made it at the top of my
voice, and several times. I objected to the intro-
duction of these resolutions.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
states that he objected to the resolutions, of course
they cannot be referred.
Mr. EDGERTON. I did object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARNETT. I am under tiie impression
that I called for the regular order of business
some time since.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Oiiio
states that he objected; and the gentleman cannot
lose his right to object, becauso the Chair did not
hear the objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, sir, the gentleman
rose after the reading uf the icsolutioiis com-
menced, and how could the objection tiu n be ma do
when the unanimous consent of the House bad
been expressly given for the reception of the
resolutions. I would not have presented (he teso-
lutions if there had been a word of objection.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he objected to the*rosolu-
tionsafter I had suggested that the reading should
bedispensed withf and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania hud,priorto thattmic, asked the consent
of the House to intioduce the resolutions, and no
objection was made At the time.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, I had detfrmined
that if objection was made, 1 would not piesent
them.
Mr. GROW. The first reading is always for
information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is satisfied, from
the statement now made, that the objection was
made too late.
Mr. PETTIT. I beg to say that the objecuon
was made befoie any reading of the rcs.-lu'ions.
The SPEAKER. Was it mad.- befcu.- th-
ception of the resolutions? The gontlonvin fiom
Pennsylvania first asked to have the resolutions
received.
Mr. EDGERTON. It was.
