1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
receives $76,000 a year. This man carried out his
contract in full, the only difficulty being that he
failed sometimes to arrive at the schedule time.
He only wants to getrid of these fines; and every-
body who knows anything of it says that they
ought to be remitted.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed,
ARMS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
it was referred, to report back the joint resolution
(S. No. 45) authorizing the issue of the same
quota of arms to the State of California, for the
years 1850 and 1851, as was issued to that State
m im
Mr. GRIMES. HoW much is that?
Mr. LATHAM. The same as the other States
got. I will merely state that, in consequence of
the failure to make a return on the part of the
officer of the State militia, to whom that duty be-
longed, the State did not receive any arms for
those three years, and they never had them. This
subject has been examined by the Committee on
Military Affairs; and I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be put on its passage at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from California asks
to put on its passage a resolution reported by
him.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to have it read before
it is considered.
The Secretary read the joint resolution (S.
No. 45) authorizing the issue of the same quota
of arms to the State of California, for the years
1850 and 1851, as was issued to that State "for the
year 1852.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to ask the Senator
from California how many arms the State received
that year and the year before ?
Mr. LATHAM^ In 1852, California received
the same amount of arms that the other States
received under the law passed about that time.
She received her proportion; I mean according
to her population.
Mr. GRIMES. Then what is the necessity for
this joint resolution, if California received her
quota under a law that exists?
Mr. LATHAM. For the simple reason that
for two years California received nothing at all.
The other States received their quotas according
their population; but California received nothing;
and has never got those arms to which she*is en-
titled for those years.
Mi. GWiJN". I will state to the Senator from
Iowa that at that time the State was not admitted
into the Union; there was a long contest over it;
and there were no census returns at all on which
the quota due to California could be based. That
is the reason we received no arms for those two
years.
Mr. KING. There is an annual distribution
of arms among the several States; and for those
two years mentioned in tins joint resolution, Cal-
ifornia did not receive what she should have re-
ceived. She has received her quota of arms for
subsequent years. There is no harm in our peo-
ple being armed. The committee assented to
this proposition.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and read the third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES FLOYD.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move, now, to take up
House bill No. 895, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government, for the
year ending June 30, 1862.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I hopethe Senator will per- j
mit me to call up a small bill now, at the instance
of one of my colleagues. I have been trying to
get up, all the session, for considut ation, a House
bill to give a pension to a man who is in the poor-
house. It is a very strong ease, and I hope very
much that the Senator will allow it to go through.
I have received a great many letters about it.
Mr FESSENDEN. If that is the only thing j
to be taken up, I will not object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. * It is the only request of
the sortl have made this session. It will not take
more than a minute to pass it. It is a bill for the
relief of James Floyd. My colleague knows him
well.
There beingno objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the "Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 400) for the relief James Floyd.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of James Floyd on the invalid pension
rolls of the United States, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence on the 28th of Jan-
uary, 1858, and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. *
Mr. FESSENDEN I now move to go on
with the civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) When the Senate went into exec-
utive session, the bill (H. R. No. 895) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862, was under consideration; and unless objec-
tion be made, it will be regarded as the sense of
the Senate that that bill be now considered. It is
before the Seriate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GREEN. I propose that we adjourn now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have to take a recess
at five o'clock until seven.
Mr. GREEN. But we had a very long session
yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We must have long ses-
sions now. We can do a great deal in the hour
we have before the recess, in the way of getting
through with the details of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I observe that it is a long
bill, and 1 presume Senators all have it on their
tables, and very few are paying any attention to
it. I suggest, therefore, that we dispense with its
reading, unless some one wishes to hear it read.
It will take perhaps half an hour to read it.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill can be dispensed with only by unani-
mous consent. ["No objection."j No objec-
tion being made, the reading of the bill will be
dispensed with.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance.
The first was in line twelve, to strike out" one
hundred" and insert " two hundred and fifty;"
so that the clause will read:
Sin i ey of the coast. For continuing the survey of the
Atlantic and Gulf coasr-j of tlie United Slater*, (including
compensation of civilians engaged in the viork,nnd e\
eluding pay and emoluments ot officers of the Army and
Navy, and petty officers and men of the Navy employed ori
the woik,) .-y&W.OOO.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to have a vote in the
Senate, is itnecessaiy that we shall "vote upon
the adoption of these amendments here?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The bill is being considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole; and the
question is on the adoption of this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line sixteen, to strike out " seventy" and insert
"one hundred and thirty;" so that the clause
will read:
For continuing the survey of the western coast of the
United Stares, including compensation of civilians engaged
in the work, 4^0,000
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-two,
to strike out "twenty," and insert " forty;" so
that the clause will read:
For continuing the survey of the Florida reef* and keys,
including compensation ot'civilians engaged m the work,
and excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the Army
and Navy, and petty officers and men of the Navy em-
ployed on the work, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment was, after line forty, to
insert:
To provide for a steam vessel in place of the steamer
Walker, lost by collision at sea, §'45,000.
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment was in line sixty-seven,
to strike out "forty-eight," and insert "forty-
five," before "light-vessels;" so that the clause
"will read:
For j-eamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and incidental
eApetisea uf torty-fivc light vessels, £170,907 70.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety-three,
to strike out the word "expenses," and insert
"repairs;" so that the clause will read:
For lepairs and incidental expenses of nineteen light--
houses and buildings connected therewith, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hundred
and fifty-five and one hundred and fifty-six, after
the word " bridges," to insert the words, " and
the roads appurtenant thereto owned by the Uni-
ted States;" so that the clause will read:
For repairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard, and Upper
bridges, and the roads appurtenant thereto owned by the
United States, $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentof the committee was after
line one hundred and sixty-eight, to insert:
To complete the inclosing of Judiciary square in Wash-
ington city, as required by the sixth section of the act of 3d
March, 1857, including the grading of the grounds, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
after line one hundred and seventy-nine, after the
appropriations for the insane asylum in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to insert:
For repairs and painting of four western or first erected
sections of the hospital edifice, including additions to the
furniture and gardener's houses, and out-buildings and
fences; ice-houses, including preserving ceilar; extension
of stable for storage of hay and other fodder, and shelter of
farm wagons? and carts •> and inclosing two sides of faim-
yard with brick wail; improvement of grounds, including
pavement feuirounding ail the buildings ; grading and plant-
ing trees, paving gutters, and placing seats m the pleasure
grounds of the patients ; forcing and green houses, includ-
ing apparatus; fitting up two bowling alleys, one m base-
ment of each wing, $8,000.
For extending the stone and brick wail already forming
a part of the exterior boundary of a portion of the hospital
grounds, with a view ot eventually inclosing the whole
tract in the same way, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
lines two hundred and two, two hundred and
three, and two hundred and four, to strike out
the following:
" For drawings to illustrate the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the year 1861, $-6,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and seven, after the word " procurement,"to in-
sert the word " propagation;" so that the clause
will read:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agriculture and rural economy, and the pro-
curement, piopagation, and distribution of cuttings and
secd^j fj'80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and sixteen, to strike out "one thousand four
hundred," and insert " two thousand," and after
the word " dollars" in the same line, to insert:
So much thereof as mav be neees&ory, to be applied to
the deficiency in that fund for tiie present fiscal year.
So that the clause will read :
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking care
of copyright hooks, charts, and other copvright matter,
$2,000, so much theieof a-s mav be necessary to be applied
to the deficiency in that fund for the present fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines two hundred and twenty-three to two hun-
dred and twenty-six inclusive, in the following
words:
« For the preservation of the collection? of the exploring
and surveying expeditions of the Government, and the
construction of suitable cases to receive said collections,
$6,000."
And to insert, in lieu thereof:
For the distribution of the collections uf tlie exploring
and surveying expeditions of the Govei nment, and tii^ con-
struction of additional cases to leceive .such pait of said
collections as may be retained by the Government,.$6,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICERput the question;
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators certainly do not
understand the amendment they are voting against.
Mr. HALE. I confess I do not. Let us have
it explained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will give an explana-
tion. This sum is necessary to be appropriated
for the distribution of the collections of the ex-
ploring expeditions. They brought back with
them a great deal of matter which has been ar-
ranged for distribution among the several States.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope the Senator will speak
louder: he cannot be heard.
