1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
son, Mill ward, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Nixon,
Pertv\ Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin K. KeynoJds,
Johu II. Reynolds, Rice, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble,
Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Wa&hburu, EUihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, and Wood—ft.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to lay the whole subjectupon the table; and it was
taken, and agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is, shall
the whole question be laid upon the table ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it the understanding of
the House that there shall be but one vote on the
adoption of the resolution?
Mr. BURNETT. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr, Sherman's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative-
yeas 88, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alien, Alley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffintoii, BurUngame,
Butteifield, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Co-
vode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Frank, Gooch,
Granam, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Ilelimck, Hickman,
Hoard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovejoy, McKean, McKnight, Mcpherson, Mill-
waid, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Peny, Pet-
tit, Porter, Pottle, Edwiu K. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds,
Rice, Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vandever, Veiree, Wade, Waldron, "VVal-
tonX'adwaiaderC. Washburn,Eihhu B.Washburne,Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, and Wood—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, Ashley, Baiksdale. Barret, Bocoek, Boteler, Boyce,
Bnggs, Brown, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James
Craig, Buiton Ciaig >, Ciawford, Curry, John G. Davis, De
Jarnette, Edmund&on, English, Floience, Fouke, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Haideman, J. Moirison Harris, John T.Harris,
Hauon, Hill, Hindman, Ilolman, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Kunlcel, Landrmn, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Leake,
Lojran, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, McCIernand,
McKenty, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Ppy-
ton, Pryor, Pugli, Q.uarles, Reagan, Riggs, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Stall worth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas,
Underwood, Vance, Webster, Woodson, and Wright—81.
So the House agreed to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. KILGORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dunn, was absent, and in attendance on the select
committee of thirty-three by leave of the House.
Messrs. AVERY and MAYNARD (not being
within the bar when their names were called) asked
leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 move to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also move that the
motion to reconsidcr be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
having been once made and acted upon, it is not
now in order to renew it.
lander's wagon koad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to this House a copy of the report made by
F. W. Lander, superintendent of the Fort Kearny, South
Pass, and Honey Lake wagon road, to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, on tile subject of hostilities oil the part
of the Pah Utah Indians in western Utah during tlie spring,
summei, and fall of 1860.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should Iiko to
hear some reason stated for the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It calls for
important information which this House ought
to have m its possession.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not see what
use it can be to us.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the resolution re-
quire additional clerical force to supply the inform-
ation ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
not, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If that provision be in-
serted in the i-esolution, I will not object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept it
as a modification of my resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the
introduction of the resolution..
REVENUE LAWS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the special order for this
day, which is House bill No. 21, for the simplifi-
cation and codification of the existing revenue
laws of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That bill was made
the special order for this day. It is not proper,
nor has it been understood by the friends of the
bill, that it should be taken up and acted upon
to-day. It ought at all events be acted upon at
this session of Congress. Asithasbeen suggested
there is urgent business which ought to be passed
upon to-day, I move that the further considera-
tion of this special order be postponed until the
third Tuesday of January next.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILKOAD BILL.
Mr. CURTIS. I now call up for consideration
House bill No. 835, to secure contracts and make
provision for the safe, certain, and more speedy
transportation, by railroad, of mails, troops, mu-
nitions of war, military and naval stores, between
the Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and
for other purposes, which was postponed to this
day.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, it is perhaps
necessary for me to state at this time that I ob-
ject to the consideration of that bill. I object to
it upon the ground that it must have its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I made this point of order at
the time this special order was last under consid-
eration. While I have no disposition to inter-
fere with any remarks which the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Curtis] may desire to submit, still I
presume that it is necessary for me to make and
to insist on my point of order at this time—that
this bill, making an appropriation, must have its
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a distinct
recollection that the pointof order nowstated was
raised by the gentleman from North Carolina
when this Pacific railroad bill was last under con-
sideration. When it was about to be postponed,
the Chair stated thai when the bill again came up
the point of order would be acted upon. The
point of order, therefore, will now be considered
and actcd upon.
Mr. BRANCH. I will present the grounds
upon which I base my pointof order.
Mr. CURTIS. I think that this matter was
fully argued at the last session, and that the gen-
eral opinion was that a bill like this might, under
the amended rules of the House, be considered
and acted upon without a reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I am, however, willing to submit the question to
the decision of .the Chair. If it be decided that
the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I shall move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion,in order that we
may take it up and consider it at once. I hope
it may be considered and acted upon in the House.
The SPEAKER. The point of order will now
be considered and decided.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Iowa is
mistaken in supposing that this question was dis-
cussed at the last session. I made the point of
order when the bill was reported from the special
committee; but on the postponement of the bill to
this day, the point of order went over with it.
This, sir, is the first time that the point of order
could properly be discussed and decided. The
grounds upon which I make the point of order
are these: the fourth section of the bill provides
for the issuing of bonds of the United States in
certain contingencies and in prescribed amounts.
The 110th rule of the House requires that—
" No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall be discussed the day upon which it is made or
offered; and every sucli proposition shali receive its first
discussion m a Committee of the Whole House."
And rule 112 requires, further, that—
"All proceedings touching appropriations of money shall
be first discussed m a Committee of the Wtioie House."
As I have already stated* the bill provides for
issuing bonds of the United'States on certain con-
tingencies therein described. The act of Con*
gress of 1853, tenth chapter of the Statutes at
Large, page 212, provides as follows:
"Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to purchase, at the
current market price, any of the outstanding stocks of tbe
united States, as he may think most advisable, from any
surplus funds in the Treasury: Provided, That the balance
in the Treasury shall not at any time be reduced below
$6,000,000."
Under that section of the act of 1853, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury can purchase, or in other
words, apply the surplus in the Treasury to the
redemption of the bonds provided for in this bill
without any further appropriation by Congress.
I therefore hold that this bill does make an appro-
priation of money, such as is contemplated by the
rules, and such as requires that it shall have its
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. This same point was
made during the last Congress, on the bill pro-
viding for the payment of the claims for French
spoliations. It was then fully argued. It was
discussed by the most skillful and experienced
parliamentarians of th« House .Mr. Speaker Orr,
having taken full time for reflection, decided that
the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and to that committee
it went. There was an appeal taken from the de-
cision of the Chair, and the House at that time
sustained the decision made by Speaker Orr by a
vote of 128 to 59. I take it, then, that the point
has been fully settled by the House itself. It
stands on the ruling of Mr. Speaker Orr—a ruling
sustained by an overwhelming vote of the House
itself.
I might as well rest the case on this decision of
the House, and on the plain language and intent
of the rule itself; but, Mr. Speaker, I think the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] will agree
with me that a bill of the magnitude of this; a bill
that, in all probability, involves a larger pecuniary
interest, and more important material interests of
this country, than any single bill that ever came
before Congress, ought not to be passed under the
operation of the previous question, without giving
those gentlemen who are familiar with the subject-
matter of it, and who desire to offer amendments
and discuss it, an opportunity to do so. I think
the very reason of it ought of itself to carry the
bill to the Committee of the Whole. I should en-
tertain strong hopes, even if the rules of the House
did not require it, that a majority of the House
would not take up, and undertake to consider and
pass, a bill of the magnitude of this, without re-
ferring it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where an opportunity will be
given for amending and discussing it. I rest the
case on that rule of the House, and the ruling of
the Speaker of the last House, sustained by the
House itself; and therefore I insist that the bill
shall be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SICKLES. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is,
Mr. SICKLES. I suppose that the question
whether the bill ought, from its importance, to
be considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union is wholly distinct from the
point of order. There are many reasons adduced
why this bill should properly be considered in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but those reasons ought to be rendered upon a
motion to refer the bill to that committee. The
point of order is a technical one, strictly, and I
do not concur with the gentleman from North
Carolina in the view he takes upon that point.
There are, I think, many precedents which may
be referred to, where bills which have authorized
contracts to be entered into have not been consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. If I remember rightly, a bill which
was considered at the last session of Congress,
authorizinga telegraph line to the Pacific to be con-
tracted for, was not considered in the Committee
of the Whole. That is my impression. At ail
events, the rule does not require that latitude of
construction. An appropriation bill, weall know,
must be considered in theCommittee of the Whole.
This is not, in any fair sense of the word, an
appropriation bill. The point, I repeat, is a
technical one, and must be decided by the rule.
Whether or not the bill, from its importance,
