126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole,
will come up when the motion is made. That is
a question for the House to consider. The other
is for the Speaker to decide as a technical propo-
sition.
Mr. BRANCH. If the Speaker is in any doubt
upon the point, I will ask that the decision of
Speaker Orr upon the French spoliation bill be
read. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to
hear it read.
Mr. SICKLES. I made the point myself, be-
fore Speaker Orr, upon the French spoliation bill.
The decision was made upon that point of order.
That was a bill making an appropriation to pay
a debt—a wholly distinct proposition from this
bill. This bill authorizes a contract.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from New
York has mistaken the case. Tlie point of order
in the case to which I referred was made by Mr.
Letcher, of Virginia, and was fully discussed in
the House for several hours before it was decided.
I ask that the decision be read.
The decision of Speaker Orr was read, as fol-
lows:
"The Speaker. The Chair-will decide the question of
order. The Chair imagines thcie is a veiy great difference,
according to his recollection, between the bill now pend-
ing, and theone to which the gentleman fiom Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] has referred. There was, certainly, no portion
of the tax or charge, if it was "a charge upon the people,
which could have been drawn from the Treasury under
the pension bill. The difficulty in deciding this question
grows, in the opinion of the Chair, out of the proper con-
struction that is to hp placed upon the l<ist two lines of
the seventh section of the bill, taken in connection with a
clause in the act of 1853. The words to which the Chair
refers arc these: 4 and such certificates of stock'—the
§5,000,000 of stock which it is provided shall be issued—
'shall be redeemable at the Tieasuryot* the United States.'
Now, if the Chair could have the benefit of ihe opinion of
the Attorney General, as to what would be the interpreta-
tion of this law, lie would, peihap-*, have less difficulty in de-
ciding now. The question depends upon that interpolation.
Can the holders of the stock piesent their certilicates at the
Treasury,and draw their money upon those certificates?
TheChair was inclined totheopimontii.it't would lequire
fuither legislation; bui the attention of the Chair has been
called to the act of 1S.">3, (tenth (-hapten of Statutes at
Large, page 21'2,) in which this language is u-ed:
UkJlnlbcit fmther enacted, That the ►Seeietaiv' of the
Treasury be, and lie is hereby, authorised to puielM^e, -it
th" current market price, any of the outstanding stocks of
the United State", as lie may think most advisable, from
any surplus fund from the Treasuiy, provided the lui.ince
from the Treasury shall not, at any time, be reduced below
$3,000,000.'
" Now, if the Secretary of the Treasury can, by virtue
of this clause, ledcem the stocks, unquestionably there is
that in the biii vvluch makes an apptopt iauoti. In deciding
this question, the Chair Ikw to decide the legal point in-
volved, according to Ins .judgment as a lawyer. In the sev-
enteenth lino of the ninth page will be found what would
seem to indicate the understanding of the framerot the bill.
He there speaks of • the amount heiein appropriated.' The
Chuir supposes that the bill was framed with a view that
it should not be sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; but he thinks, also, that in that pur-
pose it has failed; and the question being oue of doubt, the
Chair is detenuined in his- judgment by the precedents,
which are uniform, so far a* the Chair has been able to
examine them, in sending thh French spoliation bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union lur con-
sideration. The Chair decides that the bill inu*t co to the
Committer of the Whole on the state of the Union."
Mr. BRANCH, From that decision there was
an appeal, and the yeas and nays were taken
upon a motion to lay the appeal on the table.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CURTIS. This biii is in the form of au-
thorizing a contract, and is like a bill authorizing
a contract to be made for carrying the mail, or for
any other purpose. It proposes to authorize a
contract to be made for doing a certain service in
a certain way. It appropriates no money, but
proposes to pay for the contract in two ways:
first, by donating a certain amount of land; sec-
ond, by paying in bonds of a certain kind, and
not in stock—the bonds to be paid by the Tieas-
ury of the United Slates in thirty years. It seems
to me that here is a great diffeience between this
bill and bills making appropriations. I will read
from the bill a description of the bonds:
Snc. 12. Jlml be it further enacted, That the bonds au-
thorized to be issued by the piovisions of this act shall
be made payable to hearer, and ledeemabie at the Treasury
of the United Htates in thirty years Jiom the date thereof,
bearing interest at the rate of five per centum per annum,
payable -emi-annonllvat theTreasuiy of the United Sutc-s;
and if bond- he issued, they shah he. coupon bonds', or in-
>*eiipriosi hojw!<, at the election of the said corpoiation or
corporations.
It seems to me here is nothing like an appro-
priation. The bill was not drawn with any view
to avoid the necessity of referring it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, as
any one will see by its general appearance. But
inasmuch as this bill has been under considera-
tion, has been published, and is well understood,
it is not my purpose, unless the Chair so rules, to
have it go to the Committee of the Whole; and I
shall try to give good reasons why I think it is
not necessary so to refer it. I believe it never
has been in the Committee of the Whole. It was
not referred to that committee last year upon the
ground that we supposed, under the new rule,
we could consider and determine the whole mat-
ter without sending it to that committee. I do
not know whether that point was taken by the
gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. The pointof order was made;
but it was suggested that, inasmuch as the com-
mittee intended to move to postpone the consid-
eration of the bill to a day certain, the point of
order would go over with it. It was not pressed,
therefore, it being understood that when the bill
was taken up the point would be pressed.
Mr. CURTIS. We had it up for consideration
for two days; and the only reason why I could
not get a final vote upon it was, that it was re-
committed to the committee, and when it was
again reported, we had not time to consider it.
Mr. BRANCH. Docs the gentleman refer to
this bill ?
Mr. CURTIS. I refer to the general bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Perhaps I may not under-
stand the gentleman from Iowa. There was a
bill for a Pacific railroad that was up, and was
discussed for a day or two, and I made no point
of order upon it. The bill was recommitted to
the committee by a vote of the House. The bill
now before the House was reported back to the
House in consequence of its recommittal, and
has never been considered in the House at all.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, technically speaking,
the gentleman is right; but this is tiie same bill,
with amendments, which the committee made to
meet objections which were urged to it in the
House. Certainly the clausc to which the gen-
tleman from North Carolina refers was in the
former bill just as it is in this. The bill was
considered before in the House without being re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and was argued for two or three
days. The changes that have been made by the
committee arc trifling in importance. They cer-
tainly do not make any difference in the propriety
of considering the bill in the House as it was be-
fore considered.
Mr. GROW If the gentleman from Iowa will
allow me, I would like to ask him a question for
information, as 1 have not gotthe bill,and should
not have time to examine it minutely if I had.
Does the bill provide for the issuing of bonds in
such a way that, without any further action of Con-
gress, money can be taken out of the Treasury of
the United States? That is the point, I take it.
Mr. CURTIS. It does not.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope we shall have this de-
bate conducted with regularity. The very point
in issue upon which the whole question of order
rests, is whether money can be taken out of the
Treasury under this bill withoutfurther action by
Congress.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to direct attention to
another feature. If the question had been pro-
pounded whether the liability of the Government
for the money was fixed, then it would have been
easily answered. Certainly the liability of the
Government for the amount of the bonds is fixed
by the bill.
Mr. GROW. I only want to ascertain the fact.
I take it that there is no question about the rule,
upon either side of the House, that any measure
that will allow money to be taken out of the Treas-
ury, without amy subsequent action by Congress,
must first be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Now, it is a
simple question of fact: not whether the Govern-
ment is liable for the bonds, but can the money
be drawn from the Treasury without some fur-
ther action by Congress?
Mr. CURTIS, it cannot.
Mr. GROW. If it can, then the bill should go
to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union; if not, then it need not go there, because
it has been decided, over and over again, that we
can impose liabilities upon the Government; but
I until there is some action proposed, by which
money can be taken out of the Treasury, it is not
that kind of legislation that the rules require to
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. But if our action, m connection with
the laws of the Government, will allow money to
be taken out of the Treasury without any subse-
quent action, then it must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. And it was
simply as to that question of fact that I was ask-
ing the gentleman from Iowa.
1 will say to the gentleman from Texas, if he
will allow me, that the fact that the Government
is liable to pay the bonds, does not make this such
a measure as must necessarily be first considered
in committee. It must be some measure of legis-
lation that will allow money to be taken out of the
Treasury without any subsequent action. Now,
whether this bill does that or not, is the question
which I have not examined. I therefore asked
the question.
Mr. REAGAN. The 112th rule provides that—
" AH proceedings touching; appropriations of money shall
be first discussed in a Committee of the Whole House.
The question is, whether the Government is
made liable by this bill for money that is to be
withdrawn from the Treasury ? If the bill is passed,
the liability of the Government certainly is fixed
for this amount of money. There is bound to be
so much money taken out of the Treasury, or the
Government must repudiate its legal obligations.
If the payment of these bonds is to be made, it, in
reality, whatever may be the phraseology of the
bill, fixes the liability of the Government to pay
so much money, and determines that the people,
through this Government, shall be responsible for
the bonds.
Mr. GROW. Let me say a word just at that
point. Congress can pass a law fixing the salary
of an officer of the Government at fifty dollars a
month, for instance, or at whatever amount you
please, and it is not necessary that itshall first be
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. But a bill to appropriate the
money to pay that salary must be first considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The Government, however, is just as
much liable, when you have fixed the salary that
an officer shall receive, for the amount of that
snlary, as in any other way in which you can fix
liability upon it. Now, as to the question of fact
in regard to this bill, I am not informed.
Mr. REAGAN. The fourth section of this bill
provides for the issuance of these bonds; it not
only fixes the liability, but provides for the issu-
ance of the bonds.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the gentleman if
the bill provides any means for their payment?
The information I seek is whether the bill fixes
any way for paying the bonds ?
Mr. SICKLES. It does not.
Mr. BRANCH. The question, Mr. Speaker,
as to whether this money can be paid without any
further action of Congress, has already been de-
cided by this House itself in the decision to which
I have referred. The very language of this bill is
identical with the language of the French spolia-
tion bill, in reference to which Mr. Speaker On-
decided that it must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Now, sir, let
me read from the fourth section of the biii:
The bonds authorized to be issued by the piovision^of
thlsAct shall be made payable-to the beaier, and redeem-
able at the Ticasury of the United States.
The language of the French spoliation bill, the
words upon which Mr. Speaker Orr based his
decision, were as follows. I read from his decis-
ion:
" The words to which the Chair refers are these : ' And
such certificates of stock [the $5,000,000 of &toek which it
is piovided shall be issued] shall be redeemable at the
Treasury of the United States.' "
The Chair will perceive that the words in the
French spoliation bill were identically the same
as the words of the bill that we now have before
us. The House in that case decided that the bill
enabled money to be drawn from the Treasury
without further action by Congress; that when
bonds are issued, and made redeemable at the
Treasury, then the act of 1853, which I have al-
ready read, comes into effect, and authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to redeem those bonds
out of any surplus in the Treasury, provided
always that he shall never reduce the surplus
below $(i,000,000.
