1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOQE.
1087
trolling many other things around it. My feelings
to itare nothing butkind; but I think itoughtto
sustain itself, and I shall vote against every ap-
propriation for it. I rise, however, only to say a
word in regard to a remark made by the Senator
from Maryland, who is almost always right. He
spoke of the ignorance of the Senator from New
Hampshire on this subject. I simply want to say
to the Senator from Maryland, that the best book
we have ever had says that, whenever we have
learned our own ignorance, we are nearest wisdom.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to correct an error
into which my friend from Pennsylvania has
fallen; and I think my friend from New Hamp-
shire, also, is troubled with the same difficulty.
This is not anything paid to the Smithsonian In-
stitution. It is not in aid of their fund. It has
nothing to do with anything connected with that
institution in any shape or form. They do not
call upon us for anything connected properly with
the institution, to render tliern any aid in any
shape. The simple matter is this: we have a large
collection of this material, coming from several
exploring expeditions. It was all placed at the
Patent Office, or under the charge of the Secretary
of the Interior. There was nobody to take care
of it; there was nobody to arrange it, nobody to
do anything with regard to it; it was turning out
to be utterly useless, of no good to the Govern-
ment; and we imposed the burden on the Smith-
sonian Institution. We decreed that it should bo
sent there and should be examined there.
Mr. MASON. Against their will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And against their will.
They did not ask it. It was a burden we imposed
upon them; and having sent it there, we have made
an appropriation, hereto jg-e, merely of enough to
preserve what was necessary to be preserved and
to pay the salary of a person who was to take
chaige of it, fix the room and take care of it—
$4,000, I think, cach year; and it was found, on
a careful examination—I was on the committee
when it was first made—to be a reasonable pro-
vision.
Now, sir, there is a very large number of these
duplicates, and it is proposed that those also shall
be arranged by these persons; and after they are
arranged, and it is found distinctly what it is best
to keep, the rest shall be distributed amongst the
institutions of the country. It is not foi the ben-
efit of the Smithsonian Institution,butfor the ben-
efit of the institutions of the country. We called
on them to do the work; and gentlemen get up
here and argue that we should compel them to do
the work and not pay them for the labor, and com-
pel them also to pay their own expenses. It is
simply providing a mode by which we may carry
outourownobjectsand our own purposes through
their agency. The labor that they have given to
this work, and the services they lender, aie alto-
gether gratuitous; and certainly tlicy ought not to
be abused for doing what we asked them to do
with reference to matters which we have placed
under their control, without their requesting us
to do it. That is the simple fact about this mat-
ter. It has nothing to do with the institution.
Now, sir, as to the Smithsonian Institution
itself—what it has done for science, and what it is
doing for science. I have no doubt that it is doing
much; how much, I do not know. I confess the
same ignorance that has been confessed by my
fuend from New Hampshire, with the addition
that I feel ashamed I do not know more about it.
I ought to know more about it. I have only to
plead my other avocations, which prevent me
from knowing what I want to know. It is my
own fault.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to add but a word
to what has been so well said by the Senator from
Maine. Thisburden wasimposed upon the Smith-
sonian Institution not only without their request,
but against their wish. These objects were col-
lected by the exploring expeditions, and depos-
ited in the Patent Office: They were kept there
and preserved as objects of great curiosity and
great interest, until they occupied so large a space
that the Government could not afford the room.
They needed the room, and had no place to put
them in. The Smithsonian Institution happened
to have vacant space; but these collections were
not connected with the objects of that institution.
The institution was willing to givethemthe room
free of rent. They were willing to take charge of
the collection, if the annual expenses of the burden
thus imposed was borne by the Government. It
was accepted as a great favor by the Government.
I do think, if they are worthy of our encourage-
ment, we ought to pay the actual expenses—no
more—of taking charge of these objects of curios-
ity. • Probably there is no object of greater curi-
osity to the visitor and the stranger who comes to
Washington, than this museum thus collected;
and inasmuch as they would be an attraction to
the institution, they were willing to accept them;
but the objects themselves belonged to the Gov-
ernment. The Smithsonian Institution is giving
the Government a place in which to keep them.
I think, therefore, that we are bound by every
consideration of public policy and duty to make
this appropriation. I will not occupy time, for I
believe it will be voted almost unanimously.
Mr. CAMERON. I must say a word in reply
to what has been said by the Senator from Maine
and the Senator from Illinois. I do not believe
that they have studied this subject so well as they
usually study questions. It occurs to my mind
that all this labor which we have imposed upon
the Smithsonian Institution they have invited. I
remember, when this exploring expedition came
in, it was said specimens were brought home that
would be valueless to the country, unless we put
them into the Patent Officc. After a while some-
body came, and asked that they should be given
to the Smithsonian Institution, becausc, it was
said, it would be an object of attraction to that
building, take people there, make it a credit to
the country; and we voted for it. After a while,
they asked us to give them a certain number of
books, which scientific persons had written, and
we had paid for the printing of. The rule used
to be that all those books were sent to Congress,
and distributed by menibeis of Congress; but
gentlemen line saiu, we ought not to distiibute
them; we should give them to the Department of
the Interior. Then we gave them to the Patent
Office; and then to the Smithsonian Institution;
and now these gentlemen ask us to pay them for
distributing those very tilings which they invited
us to give them.
Mr. PEARCE. I will ask the Senator to spe-
cify what scientific books the institution lias ever
asked us to give them ?
Mr. CAMERON. When I think the gentle-
man has a right to ask a question, 1 will answer it.
I will say to the gentleman now that I want this
institution to sustain itself. There is no reason
why we should appropriate money from year to
year to keep up that, a bit more than that you
should build up a scientific institution in the vil-
lage where I live. What right has that institution
to come here, and what right have we to expend
money to keep up an institution here for the benefit
only of those who live by it? The Government
has no interest in it. The gentlemen who get
their salaries, and who live on the money which
old Smithson gave us, have an interest in it; but
we have none. I shall vote against it, if nobody
else does.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is unfair for my
friend from Maryland to be putting questions to
my friend from Pennsylvania,for he is evidently
joking in what he says. He is not serious when
he talks about the request of the institution made
to Congress for this appropriation and that ap-
propriation. It is contrary to the known history
of the institution, and to the known history of
the country. It is a very good joke on the part
of the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I really
think the Senate are not going to vote down this
amendment on the strength of that joke.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will merely say, if the
gentlemen of that institution do not want to have
the charge of these things, let them give them up.
What do we care about stuffed snakes, alligators,
and all such things ' [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
North Carolina to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. KING. Whatistheamcndmentasamend-
ed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For the distribution of the collections of the exploring
and survey expeditions of the Government, and the con-
struction of additional cases to receive .such part of said
collections as may be retained 'by the Government, $6,000;
such distribution to be made to institutions wilJing to re-
ceive tile same at their own expense. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. That refers merely to
the transportation.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the appropriation of
$6,000 for?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For putting them in order
and arranging them.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to strike out the
appropriation. I have no doubt if these things
are of any use, scientific people will be glad to
get them, and I am willing to let them h^ve them,
if they will take them.  .
Mr. RICE. This question strikes me in two
different aspects, a personal and an official one.
If we have a right to make an appropriation for
distributing stuffed snakes, and the various other
things that may be ccjljected and brought here,
why have we not a right to make an appropria-
tion for distributing the models in the Patent
Office; or distributing hoes, plows, and other im-
plements ? This has all grown out of an infraction,
ill my opinion, of the Constitution, by distribut-
ing seeds. We must stop somewhere. If you
can do this under the Constitution, what can you
not do? I know that the Smithsonian Institution
has done great goodforthc country. I am applied
to daily, for books published by it, and I know
they are very valuable; but it is not, under the
Constitution, a Government institution. Let us
stop somewhere, and I think we might as well
stop here as anywhere.
Mr. HALE. I think so too. I should like
the country to know how much we have spent
for printing pictures of bugs, reptiles, &c., that
these exploring expeditions have brought here.
We published eleven or twelve volumes of the
exploring expedition, illustrated with pictures of
bugs, snakes, and reptiles. It has cost us mil-
lions of dollars to print those pictures, and now
we are going to spend J10,000 to distribute them
after spending millions to print pictures of them.
The thing is all wrong, sir.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have been for
many years one of the regents of this institution,
under the appointment of the Senate, in connec-
tion with my friend from Maryland. We know
that it is a public trust; one, we think, of a sacred
character. We know as a fact, and it appears in
the records of that institution, that these specimens
ofnatural history, sent from the Patent Office to the
Smithsonian Institution, were sent there against
the remonstrances,repeated from year to year, of
that institution; and if either the Senator from
Pennsylvania, or the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, or any gentleman who thinks with them,
would introduce an amendment to this bill direct-
ing the institution to throw what they had re-
ceived from the Government out of doors—-just
put it out of doors, and let it rot—I will vote for
it. It belongs to the Government. It does not be-
long to the institution. It has no business there
within the terms of the {rust; none whatever. It
was forced upon them against their will—as they
believe, in violation of the trust left to usby Smith-
son; and if those gentlemen will devise any mode
to take away all these specimens of natural history
sent there by the Government, I will vote for it
cheerfully. I do not know that I would not con-
sider it incumbent upon me, for the purpose of
getting rid of them, if the Government will not bear
the expense of throwing them out of doors, to vote
it out of the funds of the institution.
Mr. CAMERON. I will take the Senator from
Virginia at his word, as far as I am concerned,
and say let them throw them out of doors. They
are good for nothing there, and they arc good tor
nothing out of doois. Suppose those gentlemen
were to come here now asking us to appropriate
six or ten thousand dollars to distribute through
this country specimens of the finestarts the world
has ever produced, which they could purchase for
that sum of money in Europe, would not every-
body vote against it? There is not a man here
who would not vote against a proposition to bring
the finest statuary and the finest paintings 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The Senator says he will do it.
Mr. CAMERON. As far as I am concerned.
