1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
s'l ;it w.'is precisely the point that was in issue
: Hi . \se in tho las't Congress. The words in
tin I i;l wi'i'i' the same. The reasons are the
some. IK we should pass the bill now before us,
the Secretary of the Treasury could, under the
act of 1853, whenever there is a surplus in the
Treasury, redeem every single one of the bonds
provided for in the bill, without Congress ever
being called upon to make an appropriation, or
withoutour having an opportunity to exercise any
control whatever over it. A general law of Con-
gress makes an appropriation for the payment of
bonds. The gentleman from Iowa shakes his
head. The act of 1853, to which I have icferred,
expressly authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay any outstanding bonds of the United
States whenever there is a surplus in the Treas-
ury amounting to more than §0,000,000. This
bill provides only for issuing the bonds. The
general act of CongresS then comes into play,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
these bonds. So that in the act of passing this
bill we authorize the withdrawal from the Treas-
ury of as much money as shall be required to pay
the bonds provided for in the bill itself.
Now,since 1 have been a member of tho House,
I have never known any question relating to the
proceedings of the House, more fully or more
thoroughly discussed than was the question of
the French spoliation bill, last Congress. The
point of order was made by the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia, (Mr. Letcher.) It was dis-
cussed by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] and the gentleman from Georgia. (Mr.
Stephens.) The Speaker, himselfan experienced
parliamentarian, considered the question for sev-
eral hours. He examined it thoroughly, and tho
decision which he then made covered not only
the whole ground in that case, but is identically
"on all fours" witli the case now before us.
The language is so identically the same that we
might very well infer that the fourth section of
this bill had been copied from the section of the
French spoliation bill on which the Speaker sent
that bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. 1 desire to take no advantage
of the friends of the bill. I only ask that the bill
shall take the course which our rules prescribe
for bills not involving a hundredth part of the im-
portant considerations involved in this, because
the public interest demands full discussion and a
fair opportunity of amending the bills; which
opportunity cannot be had except in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman from Iowa refers to the fact that
this bill was before the House for two days last
session, and that no point of order was made on
it, as an argumentwhy this point of order should
not be now sustained. Does not the gentleman
from Iowa perceive that it may he that the very
diversity of opinions that was made manifest
during those two days in the discussion of the bill,
may have been the very reason that induces me
and other members to desire now that the bill
should go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where every gentleman feel-
ing an interest m it, and whose constituents feel
an interest in it, can have an opportunity to dis-
cuss and amend it? I confess that no point of
order was made. I do not know that I was pres-
ent when the bill was taken up for consideration
before; but if I had been present, and had failed
to make the point of order, I am perfectly well
satisfied, from my recollection of the debate, that
I would have seen thenecessity of having the bill
sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, in order that it might be fully dis-
cussed and considered.
Mr. McKNlGHT. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a precedent referred to in
Barclay's Digest. It is adecision made m August,
■ 1850, by Mr. Cobb, the then Speaker. Mr. Rich-
ardson, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
had reported a bill for the relief of Jacob P. Mont-
gomery, and itbeing proposed to discuss itat that
time, the point of order was raised that, as the bill
directed the payment of a sum of money by the
Paymaster General, it should be first, under the
133d rule, considered in the Committee of the
Whole cn the state «f the Union. The Speaker
decid* d that,notwithstanding the PaymasterGen-
eral was directed to pay'a certain sum of money,
there was no appropriation made by the bill out
of which it would be paid; and in conformity with
the practice of the House, he held that it was com-
petent for the House to consider it without its
having been considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. An appeal was
taken from the Speaker's decision; and on motion,
the appeal was laid on the table. I think thecases
are precisely analogous.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 suggest that the case to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania refers
was before the passageofthe act of 1853, referred
to by the gentleman from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether an appropria-
tion had not been previously made in that case?
Mr. McKNlGHT. No, sir; I think not. This
decision was made by a gentleman who was per-
fectly familiar with parliamentary rules.
Mr. BRANCH. What is the date of that de-
cision ?
Mr. McKNlGHT. August, 1850.
Mr. BRANCH. That was three years before
the passage of the law on which I based my ob-
jection.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest that the act of 1853
only relates to the bonds then issued, and could
not. have a prospective effect. It could not refer
to bonds not then in existence.
Mr. BRANCH. The House decided differ-
ently; because the French spoliation bill required
bonds to be issued, and the House decided that
they were embraced within the act of 1853.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that the fact
stated by the gentleman from Iowa settles this
matter. The bill has been already considered in
the House for two days without objection. It
was discussed and amended.
Mr. BRANCH. That is an entire mistake. A
Pacific railroad hill was discussed for two days
by tho House. At the end of these two days,
owing to the diversity of opinions-manilestcd, the
House recommitted the bill to the special com-
mittee on the subject. The bill now before the
House is reported by that special committee, and
has never been considered in the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am infoimed that this is
the same bill as was discussed last session, with
some amendments.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
contend that that alters the case, even though the
bill was word for word the same as that which
was recommitted ?
Mi. SHERMAN. If it is the same bill as was
consideied last session, and is merely reported
back with certain amendments, I think the gen-
tleman's objection does not apply to it.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the gentleman from Ohio
contend that because the same bill is reported
back, the point of order is waived becausc that
bill was discussed for two days under a former
report ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that if this bill was
discussed for two dayswithoutobjection,it 13 too
late now to interpose objection. It makes no dif-
ference if that bill were, in the mean time, referred
to a dozen committees, it conies back the same
bill, with amendments-, and it seems to me that,
it having been discussed in the House, the point
that it should be considered m the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union is waived.
1 do not say whether the point is well taken or
not. I have not read the bill, and am not compe-
tent to judge of it.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio is
mistaken in supposing that this bill has been dis-
cussed in the House two days. This bill has
never been under consideration at all. The mo-
ment it was leported by the committee I made the^
point of order that it must go to the Committee of
the Whole, ft has never been considered in the
House at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything as
to that fact; but I am informed by the chairman
of the committee which reported the bill, that this
is substantially the same bill which was under
discussion for two days in the House.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 do not recollect the numbei
of the bill as it was originally reported to the
House, but tins is substantially the same bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman
from Iowa, then, to admit that this is not the
same bill.
Mr. CURTiS. Certainly it is the same bill,
with amendments, which have been made by the
committee. It is substantially the same bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am a member of
that committee, and I desire to say that, accord-
ing to my understanding, the bill, as recommitted
to the committee, underwent some material modi-
fications and changes, embracing, in fact, the fea-
ture now in question in relation to thesfe bonds.
The provisions in the original bill were wlrdll.y
different.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is mistaken.
The provision in relation to these contracts is in
precisely the same words as in the bill which was
considered in the last session. There were, how-
ever, several modification's made. One question
which arose in the House, was, as to whether
there should be a corporation, and in relation to
that we introduced certain words into this bill,
which I will read to the House:
Provided further. That the said persons and their asso-
ciates shall not be or become vested wjtti any grant, right,
or interest intended to be secured by the provisions of this
•net otherwise than in a corporate character and capacity,
to be first acquired by them or such of tltem as shall accept
tile terms and conditions of tjiis aet, within Hie territorial
ana State jurisdictions into anjJ through which tiie railroad
contemplated by this act shall be constructed.
That is one of the amendments which we in-
serted, and a principal one, too. But to make the'
provision still more definite in regard to mort-
gages, we introduce another proviso, which is as
follows:
Provided, That said corporation or corporations shall
liave fifty mile sections of a raiiroad and telegraph line com-
pleted as herein mentioned, and such State or territorial
laws procured and fir&t moitga^e executed as shall, in the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United States, render
the moitgage hen herein contemplated a leir.U security for
the bonds advanced, betore lands 01 bonds shall be con-
veyed by the Government of the United States.
Another amendment was attached to the bill in
committee, and this is in reality the most import-
ant change in the bill. It is comprised in the
thirteenth section, and provides for a southern
Pacific railroad to be carried on in connection
with a central and northern railroad. Still, this
is, as I have said, substantially the same bill as
the one on which the House has already acted.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to say that I have sent for and have
before me the report of the selcct committee, in
which they refer to the bill now reported as con-
taining certain modifications of the bill which
was recommitted tothem. So that the honorable
gentleman from Iowa will see that this is cer-
tainly, in a parliamentary sense, a different bill,
according to the report of the committee itself.
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly not; the report from
which the gentleman reads states that it is sub-
stantially the same bill.
Mr. BRANCH. But it is not the same bill.
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, that is a mere technical
objection.
Mr. BRANCH
ations.
Mr. CURTIS.
It is the same bill, with alter-
It is the same bill. Certain
sections are modified. It is a very long bill, as
the gentleman will see. I do not wish to consume
the time of the House in relation to the matter,
01* to seem captious about it. All I wish is, that
the question of order shall be fairly considered,
and then, if the Speaker snys it must go to the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
I shall submit, and move that the House go into
committee at once for its consideration; butl shall
do all I can to prevent its going there, because I
am very well satisfied, from the course taken by
the House when the matter was before under con-
sideration, that two or three days will be con-
sumed, and 1 do not desire to occupy so niuch of
the time of the House. It is my determination to
press the bill to a final vote as speedily as possi-
ble, and therefore 1 am desirous to keep it in the
House. I ask for the decision of the Chair upon
the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some recol-
lection on his mmd that when this subject was last
up, the question was propounded by the gentle-
man from North Caiolina whether, if the bill was
postponed until this time, his question of order
would come up when the bill came again before
the House. The Chair replied in the affirmative,
for the reason that the bill would come before the
House in the precise condition in which it stood
when the postponement took filace. The Chair
therefore decides that in good faith he is bound
to entertain the question of order raised by the
gentleman from North Carolina.
