1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•— f*.  
February 21.
Mr. MASON. The law now directs that these
objects shall be sent to the Patent Office. Let the
Senator, on "his responsibility, propose to repeal
that law, and I will vote for it.
Mr. CAMERON, I will do that most cheer-
fully.
Mr. MASON. Well, do it now.
Mr. CAMERON. " Sufficient for the day is the
evil thereof." X wiil bring in a hill to-morrow, if
Senators think it proper; but we are discussing
this question now. Here is an appropriation of
$6,000 for a most worthless purpose; and what
right have we to appropriate it? When we are
all talking about the distresses of the country;
when we do not know how much country we shall
* have in a few days, when the Treasury is empty,
not a dollar to pay even members of Congress,
to pay laborers out of doors, we arc to appropri-
ate six or ten thousand dollars to preserve a par-
cel of what you call scientific specimens. A Sen-
ator over the way said theywere toads and snakes;
and I have no doubt they are that sort of thing.
[Laughter.] They are no use to anybody now.
They have served their day.
I am tired of all this thing called science here.
It was only the other day we made another ap-
propriation in regard to the expedition which
Captain Wilkes took out to the Pacific ocean.
We have paid $1,000 a volume for the book which
he published. Who has ever seen thatbook out-
side of this Senate; and how many copies are
there of it in this country ? We have spent mil-
lions in that sort of thing for the last few years,
and it is time it should be stopped. Now, the
only way, and I say it in all sincerity, in which
I think this Smithsonian Institution can be useful
to the country,is by living within itsmeans; that
it shall not ask any aid of the Government at all;
that it shall noth'ely on patronage, but on the good
it does, and the benefit it confers, to sustain it.
The country at large, and the people of this conn-
try will take care of it, if it is worthy to be taken
care of; but. if they come to the Legislature every
year asking for an appropriation, it must sink.
As a friend of that institution, and as a friend of
the very distinguished and able and pure man
who is at the head of it, I do not want it to be
connected with the Government at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Pennsylvania to move
to strike out the appropriation contained in the
amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, will be on the amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. CAM ERON and Mi. HALE. Let us
have the yeas and nays on that.
Mr. BINGH A M. Why cannot we take a vote
direct on the amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. I have 110 objection to that.
1 wiUullaw the call.
Mr. HALE. I hope we shall have the yeas
and navs on the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does iheSen-
atoi from Pennsylvania withdraw his amendment?
Mi. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then will be on the amendment of the committee
i's amended 011 motion of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to have the yeas
and nays taken on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. HALE. I simply want to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that we have stricken
nut of the amendment, on motion of the Senator
from North Carolina, all the expenses incurred
for distribution; and now you propose to give
$6,000 to make bug cases alone, without any
transportation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest that it is
now within four minutes of the time when we
agreed to take a recess.
Aii. CAMERON. Let us take a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is not time to take
a vote. We cannot get through with the calling ;
of the roll. 1
Air. LATHAM. I will suggest to the Senator i
from Maine, it was stated yesterday that when j
tile recess should be taken this evening, there j
would be no vote after seven o'clock. j
Mr. PESSEiNDEN Of course that is under- j
stood. 1
Mr. LATHAM. Then, if we do not take the
vote now, we must have the yeas and nays on
this question to-morrow.
Mr. WIGFALL. I desire to move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Sat-
ui-day next. To-morrow is the 22d of February.
The House has adjourned until Saturday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is impossible for us
to agree to that. We have too much business to
attend to.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will make the motion any-
how I move that when the Senate adjourn, it
be to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall takea vote,
by common consent, on the amendment before the
Senate. The calling of the roll cannot be gone
through with before the time fixed for the recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; perhaps we
can get through with it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to make my motion:
that when the Senate adjourn, it be to meet on
Saturday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That motion is out of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator fiom Texas that his motion
is out of order, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Chair will execute
the order of the Senate when five o'clock arrives.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of tho Committee on Finance, as
amended, resulted—yeas 29, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bijzler, Bra™, Chandler,
Claik, Di\on, Diiii^las, Dmkee, I'Y^cnden, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, licniplnll. Johnson of Atkansas., Johnson of Ten-
lies-see, Lane, Latham, Ma^on, Nichol son, IVarre, Polk,
Towell, Sebastian, Sewuid, Simmons,Sumner, Ten E\ ck,
Wad'1, and Wli-on—09.
NAYS—Me.^rs Cameron, Grimes, Hale, King, Itice,
and Wilson—fi.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an-
nounces that, in pursuance of the resolution of
the Senate of yesterday, a recess will now be taken
until seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT called the Senate to
order at seven o'clock, p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in compliance with the twenty-fifth section of the
act of August '26, 1842, a statement of expendi-
tures from the appropriations for contingent ex-
penses of that Department, during the fiscal year
ending June 30, I860; which, on motion of Mr.
Wilson-, was refetred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business now
in order is the message of the President, commu-
nicating to the Senate a series of resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of Virginia. The question
is 011 printing the message; and on that question
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
13 entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I move to lay the message on
the table, and to take up the lesolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] as
I prefer to speak on those resolutions to-night.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 54) pro-
posing certain amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, Bancroft, in
the lastvolumeof his History of the United States,
has drawn, with graphic pen, the eliaracter of
George Mason, one of the noblest of that illustri-
ous band of patriots that carried America through
the fire and blood of revolution from colonial de-
pendence to national independence. He tells us
that this Christian patriot " had been truly loyal;
on renouncing his king, he could stand justified
to his own conscience only by the purest and
most unselfish attachment to human freedom:"
that " his sincerity made him wise and bold,
modest and unchanging;" that " he had a scorn j
for everything mean and cowardly and low; and
ho always spoke out his convictions with frank
directness." The great Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia sent this " wise and bold, modest and un-
changing" patriot, to represent her in that illus-
trious assembly of patriotic statesmen met to
frame the Constitution of the United .States, Ac-
tuated " by the purest and most unselfish attach-
ment to human freedom," " scorning everything
mean and cowardly and low," this noble son of
Virginia, speaking out his convictions with frank
directness, admonished his illustrious compeers
that " slavery brought the judgment of Heaven
upon a country;" that " by an inevitable chain
of causes and effects, Providence punished na-
tional sins by national calamities." These fear-
ful words of admonition and of warning, uttered
nearly three quarters of a century ago, in the ears
of patriot statesmen, who were striving to frame
a national Government, in harmony with the
l ights of human nature and the laws of the living
God, resound in the ears of the nation " in the
dark and troubled night now upon us." In this
hour of peril, when the Republic is rent and torn
by fraternal strifes, when conspiracies and trea-
sons and rebellions threaten to plunge the nation
into the unfathomed abyss of disunion and civil
war, and to blot united America from the map of
nations, who that sees God in history does not
see and feel and realize that slavery has brought
the judgment of Heaven upon our country; that
Providence is punishing this gigantic national sin
by these appalling calamities now upon us and
impending over us? Well would it be for our
country if, in these days of disaster and gloom,
those to whom are intrusted the precious interests
of the Republic should, like the great patriot of
Virginia, reverently recognize the hand of God in
the affairs of nations, and like him, ever remem-
ber that " slavery brings the judgment of Heaven
upon a country." ®
Oneyearago these Chambersrangwithpassion-
ate and vehement menaces of disunion. States-
men to whom were committed the destinies of
United America, with the oathoffidelity to the Con-
stitution fresh upon their lips, insolently, scorn-
fully, defiantly, threatened to shiver the noblest
edifice, the fairest fabric of free government ever
erected by the toil or blessed by the hopes and
prayers of humanity, if the people—the people of
the flee North—dared, through the ballot-box,
assume the control of the affairs of the Republic.
These disloyal avowals were flashed over the
wires—scattered broadcast over th£ land. Timid
conservatives shrank appalled before these angry
mutterings of meditated treason, and with " bated
breath and whispering humbleness " counseled
submission. But these treasonable menaces un-
nerved not the souls of the ever loyal freemen of
the North; but they fired the hearts and rekindled
the patriotism of the unselfish masses; of the farm-
ers who till their own fee-simple acies, unpolluted
by the foot of the bondman; of the mechanics,
whose hands are skilled by art; of the laborers,
who recognize no master but Almighty God. Im-
pelled by the fervid and unextinguishable impulse
of freedom, by the purest and most unselfish pa-
triotism, the unseduced, unpurchased, unawed
freemen of the North, calmly thronged to the bal-
lot-box, and struck from faithless, corrupt, and
disloyal hands the reins of power.
The Reasonable words of last year have now
hardened into deeds. Madness and folly rule the
hour. Treason holds its carnival here in the na-
tional Capitol. Men, high'in the national coun-
cils, plot conspiracies against the Government they
are sworn to defend, and clasp the hands of the
assassins of the Union. Men, to whom have been
intrusted official duties and responsibilities, talk
of the dismemberment of the Republic, not in the
sad accents of patiiotism, but with the gleeful
chuckle of an irrepressiblejoy. States vauntmgly
proclaim their withdrawal from the Union made
by tho fathers; recall their representatives in
these Chambers; capture the fortresses of the na-
tion; insult, dishonor, and lire upon the dag of the
Republic; seize the public property; and even
erase from their festive days the hallowed anni-
versary of national independence, with all its glo-
rious associations and thrilling memories. Never,
no, never, since the morn of creation, has the
historic pen recorded a conspiracy against the
rights of man and democratic institutions so ut-
terly causeless, so wicked in its purpose, so re-
gardless of thejudgmentoithe civilized world and
the approval o'f Almighty God !
During the past year the world has watched
with throbbing heait and beaming eye, the great
