1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his colleague, [Mr. Powell,] to recognize and pro-
tect it in all Territory hereafter acquired in Mex-
ico or Central America. The choscn leader of
the party of slavery protection in the Territories,
[Mr. Breckinridge,] in his letter to the Governor
of Kentucky, declares that the protection of sla-
very in all territory hereafter acquired " is vital"
—that" the southern States cannot afford to be
shut off from all possibility of extension toward
the tropics." Acting upon this theory, the Sen-
ate, by direct vote, has putinto this proposed con-
stitutional amendment the dogma of slave recog-
nition and protection, which will, if incorporated
in the Constitu tion, send propagandist expeditions
into the countries south of us on this continent.
I tell the Senator from Kentucky—ay, and the
Senator from Illinois, who chides us for notgreed-
ily clutching at this fatal proposition—that the
laboring men of America, who fought the battle
of the 6th of November, for the freedom of the
Territories, will never accept this plan of adjust-
ment, which includes all the slave protection De-
mociacy battled for in the canvass. Sir, we might
consent to accept Mr. Breckinridge for President,
for we should at least have a handsome man in
the Presidential chair, and that is something; but
we cannot consent to put his platform into the
Constitution of our country—never!
Sir, the right of Congress to exclude slavery
from the places under its exclusive jurisdiction
within the limits of the States is beyond ail con-
troversy. Congress has never attempted to ex-
ercisc that power, does not now propose to do so,
and may never deem it wise to do so. But the
Senator from Kentucky is not content; he now
proposes to declare " Congress shall have no
power to abolish slavery in places under its ex-
clusive jurisdiction, and situate within the limits
of the States that permit the holding of slaves."
The right to take slaves in transit into and through
the free States is claimed by persons in the slave
States, and Virginia has now a case pending in
the Supreme Court with the State of New York
to establish that light. Fearing that Congress
might attempt to prohibit or hinder this loathsome
traffic which pollutes the land, the Senator from
Kentucky proposes so to amend the Constitution
as to declare that " Congress shall have no power
to prohibit or hinder the transportation of slaves
from one State to another, or to a Territory in
which slaves are by law permitted to be held,
whether that transportation be by land, navigable
rivers, or by the sea." Yes, sir, we of theNorth
are also asked to put in the Constitution of our
country a provision denying to Congress power
to prohibit the transportation of slaves by land,
navigable rivers, or by sea, into or through the
fiee States of the Union. Cofliesof chained slaves
may be driven through free States to their destina-
tion, and the Congress of the United States is to
be demcdall power to hindersuch transportation;
and this proposed constitutional amendment you
call a compromise, to be adopted on pain of the
dismemberment of the Republic.
Congress has ample jurisdiction over the sub-
ject of slavery in the District of Columbia. The
Senator from Kentucky now proposes to incor-
porate into the Constitution of the United States
a provision that " Congress shall have no power
to abolish slavery within the District of Colum-
bia so long as it exists in the adjoining States of
Virginia and Maryland." The people of the
United States may desire to relieve the nation
from the guilt and shame of slavciy in the national
capital, but the Government shall have no power
to do it " so long as it exists in the adjoining
States of Virginia and Maryland." The people
of the District may desire the removal of the cleav-
ing curse; they may neaily unanimously implore
the nation to remove from them this evil, to erase
this stain; but the Government "shall have no
power" to do U," so long as it exists m Virginia
and Maryland." What rights have Virginia in
slavery in the District of Columbia? What is it
to hei 5 Why should the nation bind itself to
await the pleasure of Virginia ? Why should the
people of this District be forced to consult Vir-
ginia in regard to their own domestic affairs ? The
Senator from Kentucky, and the Senator from
Illinois, and their supporters, in and out of Con-
gress, would, by constitutional amendment, deny
to the people of the District, to the nation, the
power to make the capital of this Christian Re-
public free, to cleanse it from the pollution of sla-
very, " so long as it exists in Virginia." Sir,
this proposition is monstrous, an indignity and
insult to the people of the United States; ay, to
the people of this District, too.
The Senator from Kentucky, seconded by the
Senator from Illinois, proposes to incorporate in
the Constitution a provision that '• the elective
franchise shall not be exercised by any persons
of the African race, m whole or in part." Why,
sir, is this proposition of disfranchisement now
made? Who demands it? What is to be gained
by this disfranchisement of men whose ancestors
possessed the right of suffrage before the Consti-
tution of the United States came from the hands
of its illustrious framers? " At the time," says
Judge Curtis, in the Dred Scott case, " of the rat-
ification of the Articles of Confederation, all free
native born inhabitants of the States of New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, New York, New Jer-
sey, and North Carolina, though descended from
African slaves, were not only citizcns of those
States, but such of them as had the other neces-
sary qualifications possessed the franchise of elect-
ors, on equal terms with other citizens." In Mary-
land and Tennessee persons of the African race
long exercised the right of suffrage. To the cast-
ing votes of that class of men John Bell once owed
his election to the House of Representatives.
Massachusetts adopted herconstitution in 1780,
during the war of independence. That constitu-
tion made the slave a freeman; made persons of
the African race citizens, entitled to the elective
franchise. This right, secured in the troublous
days of the Revolution, to persons of the African
race, by John Adams, Parsons, Lowell, and their
noble associates, has been exercised for eighty
years. Now, sir, the Senator from Kentucky
comes into this Chamber, proposes the disfran-
chisement and degradation^of citizens of Massa-
chusetts, made so by her heroic sires; and 1 blush
to confess that there are men in that Common-
wealth so false and recreant to human rights, as
to petition Congress to sustain this wicked, this
monstrous proposition of disfranchisement. 1
know, sir, it is an ungracious task, in these days,
and in these Chambers, to maintain even the legal
rights of a proscribed race; Iain not insensible to
the gibes and jeers, the taunts and misrepresent-
ations of a corrupted public opinion; but 1 never
can, I never will, consent, by word or act, to this
crime against freemen. The material interests of
Massachusetts are dear to me; but the rights of
her people are far dearer. Sir, I tell her apostate
sons who have put their names to these memorials
for the disfranchisement of her colored men, know-
ing what they did, that the constitutional rights
of the humblest man who treads the soil of the old
Puritan Commonwealth are deater, far dearer, to
me, than all those material interests for which
they are ready to sacrifice the rights of their fel-
low-men.
Sir, in the daik days of our weakness, the an-
cestors of the men you would now, in the days
of your power, trample beneath your feet, freely
gave their blood for the liberties and independ-
ence erf America. The leader and first victim of
the Boston massacre of the 5th of March, 1770,
which so fired the hearts and roused the patriot-
ism of the people, wasCrispus Attacks, a colored i
patriot. One of that race mingled his blood with !
the fallen patriots of the 39th of April, 1775, and
they stood with our heroic sires on the heights
of Bunker Hill, when the storm of battle clung
around and beat upon it. They fought side by
side and shoulder to shoulder with our fathers;
" for the right," says Bancroft, in his narration
of the work of that day, " of the free negroes to
bear arms in the public defense at that day, was
as little disputed m New England as their other
rights." When Major Pitcairn—the leader who
opened the murderous fire upon the patriots on
the green of Lexington common—mounted the
workson Bunker Iliil, crying, " the day is ours,"
he fell mortally wounded by the unerring shot of
Salem, a black soldier.
Hundreds of the ancestors of the men upon
whose brows the Senator from Kentucky would
stamp degradation, entered the army and fought
with heroic courage on the stricken fields of the
Revolution. Some of the most heroic deeds of
the war of independence were performed by black
men. A braver regiment than the colored regi-
ment of Rhode Island, led by the gallant Colonel
Greene, the hero of Red Bank, trod not the bat- I
tie-fields of the Revolution. Of this blatfe r£gf-
ment, Tristam Burgess said in the House of Jt'ep^-
resentatives, in 1828, that " no braver men met
the enemy in battle;" and Governor Eustfs',
Massachusetts, Secretary of War under Jeffer-
son, said of them in 1820,<s they discharged their
duty with zeal and fidelity; the gallant defense bf
Red Bank,in which theblack-regimentboreapart,
is among the proofs of their valor." Arnold,' fa
his admirable history of Rhode Island, pays'this
noble tribute to the conduct of this regiment in
the battle of Rhode Island—which La Payette
pronounced u the best fought battle of the war"
—"it was in repelling these furious onsets'that
the newly raised black regiment, under Colonel
Greene, distinguished itself by deeds of desperate
valor. Posted oehind a thicket in the valley,they
three times drove back the Hessians, who charged
repeatedly down the hill to dislodge them; and so
determined were the enemy in these successive
chargcs, that the day after the battle the Hessian
colonel, upon whom this duty had devolved, ap-
plied to exchange his command and go to New
York; because he dared not lead his regiment
again to battle, lest his men should shoot him for
having caused them so much loss."
Connecticut, too, raised a battalion of black sol-
diers; and Colonel Humphrey, attached to the
military family of Washington, accepted a com-
mand m this corps. The heroic defense of the
fort on the heights of Groton, by Colonel Lcd-
yard and his brave comrades, is a glorious page
in our history. By their side fought and fell men
of this hated race. History records that whea
the works were stormed, the British officer exas-
perated by the heroic resistance, inquired: "Who
commands this fort r" ** I once did; you do now,"
answered Led yard, handing the officer his sword,
which was instantly run through his body by the
officer. Lambert, a black soldier, avenged this
muidcr of his commander, by thrusting his bay-
onet through the body of the British officer, and
then fell pierced by thirty-three bayonet wounds.
Sir, in the great struggle for independence, in the
war of 1812, on land and sea, the blood of the
colored men of New England was freely poured
out in vindication of your liberties, rights, and
honor; and now you ask us to despoil them of
their long possessed rights. Never, sir, never, by
my consent. In addressing the German wnrk-
ingmen of Cincinnati the other day, Mr. Lin-
coln told them that "they were all of the great
family of men, and if there is one shackle upon
any of them, it. would be far better to lift the load
from them, than to pile additional loads upon
them." That was the utterance of a Christian
statesman. These men, you propose to disfran-
chise forever, are all of the great family of men;
and if there arc shackles upon them, it would be
far better to lift the load from them, than to pile
additional burdens upon them.
The Senator from Kentucky, supported by the
Senator from Illinois, proposes to incorporate
into theConstitution a provision authorizing"the
United States to acquire districts of country in
Africa and South America, for the colonization,
at the expense of the Federal Treasury, of such
free negroes and mulattoes as the several States
may wish to have removed from their limits, and
from the District of Columbia, and such other
places as may be under the jurisdiction of Con-
fess."
This proposition is not intended to encourage
emancipation, but to perpetuate slavery. It does
not propose to send, at the public expense, such
persons as may be hereafter emancipated by mas-
ters willing to emancipate on condition of expa-
triation to distant lands. No, sir; that is not its
purpose. That purpose is to make slavery more
secure, by sending out of thesJaveholding States
the free negroes. Efforts, inhuman and unchrist-
ian efforts, have been made in several of the
States, andin some of them successfully, to expel,
or reduce to slavery, the free colored population.
Judge Catron, of the Supreme Court, to his honor,
denounced the proposition, when made in Ten-
nessee, as an attempt " to commit an outrage, to
perpetrate an oppression and cruelty." These
efforts " to commit an outrage, to perpetrate an
oppression and cruelty" have been defeated only
in some of the States by the greatest exertions.
The proposition was lately made in the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina to reduce all free negroes
to slavery, and confiscate their property. The
