IU
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December J.9,
consider that there is no question of faith any
way.
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion is before the Senate, as the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask if that joint resolution
takes precedence of the order that was made on
Monday for the consideration of another bill at
this hour?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will be read by its title; and then it will be the
duty of the Chair to call up the other special order
for the disposition of the Senate at this time.
The Secretary read the title: "A joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 48) proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That comes
up as the unfinished business of yesterday; but
another bill was made the special order for this
time, and it is the duty of the Chair to call it up;
it takes precedence as being assigned for this
hour, and is subject to the disposition of the
Senate. It will be read by its title.
The-Secretary read: "A bill (S. No. 377) to
authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany to extond the Washington branch of their
roau to the Potomac river, and across the same,
by the extension of the present structure known
as the Long Bridge, for the purpose of connect-
ing with the "Virginia railroads at that point."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. KENNEDY. In order to accommodate
my friend who was on the floor yesterday, and
to give him an opportunity to conclude his re-
marks, I move to postpone the consideration of
this bill, and make it the special order for to-
morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTS IN CHARLESTON HARBOR.
Mr. CLARK. I attempted a while ago to call
up a resolution which I submitted the other day,
asking for information in regard to Forts Moul-
trie and Sumter in the harbor of Charleston,
South Carolina. I see the Senator from Oregon
now in his place, and I desire simply to gyre
notice that some time to-morrow, during the
ing hour, I will endeavor to call it up.
# AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution presented by the Senator from lennessee
[Mr. Johnson] is, as a special order, now before
the Senate for consideration, and upon it the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
t yesterday, while I was pursuing a line of argu-
| ment to prove that a State had no constitutional
' power to secede from the Union without the con-
sent of the other States, 1 was diverted from it to
some extent by making use of an illustration in
reference to the law of the State of Vermont upon
the subject of fugitive slaves, which led to the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] making
an explanation in reference to that law. I did not
think his explanation was entirely satisfactory;
and the answer that he made to the direct question
that 1 propounded to him, I think is more unsatis-
factory than the preceding portion of his remarks.
That Senator being, a gentleman of legal attain-
ments, having presided in the courts of the coun-
try, and having been for a long time m the coun-
cils of the country, I asked him a plain question
in regard to a law of his own State, about which
there had been much controversy in the news-
papers. I asked him whether he was of opinion
that it was a constitutional law, or whether it did
not come in conflict with the fugitive slave law
which was passed by the Congress of the United
States in strict conformity with the Constitution
of the country. I do not see him in his place; but
if I remember his reply, it was an evasion. He
said that it might or might not be unconstitutional.
I did not ask him what it might or might not be;
I asked simply what was his opinion upon the
subject, and there was no reply given to that ex-
plicit question.
I think it will be determined by the courts, and
will be determined by the judgment of the coun-
try, that the acts passed in 1850 and 1858 by the
Legislature of Vermont are a violation, a gross,
palpable violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It is clear and conclusive to my mind,
that a State passing an unconstitutional act in-
tended to impede or to prevent the execution of
a law passed by the Congress of the United States
which is constitutional, is thereby placed, so far
as the initiative is concerned, in a statu of rebel-
lion. It is an open act of nullification. It is true
that, so far as my information goes, I am not
aware that therchas been anyattemptin Vermont
to wrest any persons out of the hands of the of-
ficers of the United States, or to imprison or to
fine any person under the operation of this law;
but the passage of such an act is to initiate rebel-
lion. I think it comes in conflict directly with the
spirit and letter of the Constitution of the United
States, and to that extent is an act of nullification,
and places the State in open rebellion to the Uni-
ted States.
I stated, yesterday, that there was no power
conferred upon the Congress of the United States,
by the Constitution, to coerce a State in its sov-
ereign capacity; that there was no power on the
Cart of the Congress of the United States even to
ring a State into the supreme tribunal of the
country. You cannot put a State at the bar of
the Supreme Court of the United States. But, in
this connection, I did say that the Congress of
the United States had the power to pass laws to
operate upon individuals within the limits of a
State, by which all the functions of this Govern-
ment could be executed and carried out. Then,
in this case, if Vermont, either by an'act of se-
cession, which I take to be unconstitutional, or
without first having seceded from the Union of
the States by open force, in conformity with the
laws of the ^tate, should resist or attempt to resist
the execution of the laws of the United States, it
would be a practical rebellion, an overt act; and
this Government has the power and the authority
under the Constitution to enforce the laws of the
United States, and it has the power and authority
to call to its aid such means as are deemed neces-
sary and proper for the execution of the laws,
even if it was to lead to the calling out of the
militia, or calling into service the Army and Navy
of the United States to execute the laws. While
I make this application to Vermont, I say the
same principle applies to every other State placing
herself m a like attitude in opposition to, and in
contravention of, the execution of the laws of the
United States.
I do not think it necessary, in order to preserve
this Union, or to keep a State within its sphere,
that the Congress of the United States should
have the power to coerce a State. All that is ne-
cessary is for the Government to have the power
to execute and to carry out all the powers con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution, whether they
apply to the State or otherwise. This, I think,
the Government cleaily has the power to do; and
so long as the Government executes all the laws
in good faith, denying the light of a State con-
stitutionally to secede, so long the State is in the
Union, and subject to all the provisions of the
Constitution and the laws passed in conformity
with it. For example: the power is conferred on
the Federal Government to carry the mails through
the several States; to establish post offices and
post roads; the power is conferred on the Fed-
oral Government to establish courts in the respect-
ive States; the power is conferred on the General
Government to lay and collect taxes ;o the sev-
eral States, and so on. The various powers are
enumerated, and each and every one of these pow-
ers the Federal Government has the constitutional
authority to execute within the limits of the States.
It is not an invasion of a State for the Federal
Government to execute its laws, to take care of
its public property, and to enforce the collection
of its revenue; but if, in the execution of the laws;
if, in the enforcement of the * institution, it meets
with resistance, it is the duty of the Government,
and it has the authority, to put down resistance,
and effectually to execute the laws as contem-
plated by the Constitution of the country.
But this was a diversion from the line of my
argument. I was going on to show that, accord-
ing to the opinions of the fathers, not only of the
country but of the Constitution itself, no State,
of its own volition, had the nght to withdraw from
the Confederacy after having entered into the com-
pact. I referred yesteiday to the last letter Mr.
Madison wrote upon this subject—atleastit is the
last one that I have been able to find—in which he
summed up this subject in a conclusive and mas-
terly manner. In his letter to Mr. Webster of
March 15,1833, upon thercceiptof Mr. Webster'.-?
speech, after the excitement had subsided to some
extent and the country had taken its stand, Mr.
Madison said: r
" Tlie Constitution of the United States being established
by a competent authority, by tbat of the sovereign people
of the several States who were parties to it, it remains only
to inquire what the Constitution is ; and here it speaks for
itself. It organi7.es? a Government into the usual legislative,
executive, and judiciary departments; invests it with speci-
fied powers, leaving others to the parties to the Constitu-
tion. It makes the Government, like other Governments,
to operate directly on the people ; places at its command
the needful physical means of executing its powers ; and
finally proclaims its supremacy, and that of the laws made
in pursuance of it, over the constitutions and laws of the
States, the powers of the Government being exercised, as
in other elective and resjJBnsible Governments, under the
control of its«constituents, people, and the Legislatures of
the States, and syibject to the revolutionary rights of the
people in extreme cases.
" Such is the Constitution of the United States dejure
and tie facto; and the name, whatever it be, that may be
given to it, can make it nothing more or Jess than what
it is.-''
This is clear and conclusive, so far as Mr. Mad-
ison goes on the subject. 1 showed yesterday
that in 1789, in making his report upon the Vir-
ginia resolutions, he gave the true interpretation
to those resolutions, and explained what was
meant by the word " respective" before " States."
In his letter, in 1832, to Mr. Rives, and in his
letter of 1832, to Mr. Trist, (to which I referred
yesterday,) having had time to reflect on the op-
eration of the various provisions of the Constitu-
tion upon the country, in the decline of life, when
he had seen the experiment fairly made, whenhis
mind was matured upon every single point and
provision in the Constitution, he, at that late pe-
riod, sums up the" doctrine and comes to the con-
clusion that I am contending for on the present
occasion.
In addition to this, Mr. Jefferson, who prior
to the formation of the Constitution was in Paris,
writing letters on the subject of the formation of
a stable Government here, saw the great defect in
the Federal head under the old Articles of Con-
fedei ation, and he pointed with the unerring finger
of philosophy and certainty to what is now in
the Constitution, as what was wanting in the old
Articles of Confederation. Mr. Jefferson, inhis
letter to Colonel Monroe, dated Paris, August 11,
1786, speaks thus:
"There never wrll be money in the Treasury till the
Confederacy shows its teeth. The States must see the rod;
perhaps it must be felt by some oue of them. I am per-
suaded all of them would rejoice to see every one obliged
to furnish it« contributions. It is not the difficulty of fur
niching them which beggars theTreasuiy,but the fear that
others will not furnish a-i much. Every rational citizen
mu-st wish to see an effective instrument of eoeieion, and
should fear to see it on any otherelement than the water."
Here Mr. Jefferson, seeing the difficulty that,
under the old Articles of Confederation, the Fed-
eral Government had not the power to execute
its laws, that it could not collect revenue, points
to what should be m the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States when formed. Mr. Jefferson, upon the
same idea which was in his mind, and which was
afterwards embodied in the Constitution, said, in
a letter to E. Carrington, dated Paris, August 4,
1787:
" I confess I do not go as far in the reforms thought neces-
sary, as some of my coriespontfenN in America; hut if the
convention should adopt such pi opo-utiosis, I shall suppose
them necessary. My geneial plan would be, to snake the
States one as to everything connected with foioign nations,
and scveiai as to eveij thing purely domestic, lint, with
all the imperfections of our piesentGovernmcnt,it is with-
out comparison the best existing, or that ever did exist.
Its greatest defect is the imperfect manner in which mat-
ters of commerce hav« been provided tor. It has been so
often said, as to be generally believed, that Congress have
no powci by the Confederation to c.il'oicc amthiug—for
example, contributions of money, ft wax not necos-arv to
give them that power expressly : they have it hvthe law of
nature. When frio perticv make a compact, their results to
each a power of compelling the other to execute it ''
" When two parties make a compact, there re-
sults to each a power of compelling the other to
execute it." This is Jefferson's language. If it
was not even expressed in the Constitution, the
power to preserve itself and maintain its authority
would be possessed by the Federal Government
from the very existence of the Government itself,
upon the great principle that it must have the
power to preserve its own existence. But we find
I that, m plain and express teims, this authority
j is delegated. The very powers that Mr. Jeffer-
