1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
committee to whom the subject was referred,
madean adverse report, in which they say, " there
are at present within the borders ofthe State, nearly
ten thousand free colored persons; that they are
thrifty, orderly, and well disposed; that they are
the owners of a vast amount of property, both
real and personal; that in the city of Charleston
alone they pay taxes on $1,561,870 worth of
property; that of this amount more than three hun-
dred thousand dollars are hi slaves; that the free
negroes of Charleston alone pay taxes to the
amount of $27,209 81; and that the other portions
of the State show as fair a ratio." In answer to
the proposition to confiscate the property of these
people, and sell them into slavery, the committee
say they " forbear to consider anything so full of
injustice and wickedness."
Adoptthis proposition, amend the Constitution,
and the wild cry will go up for the removal of the
free colored men, whose freedom and prosperity,
even under the almost crushing burdens imposed
upon them, excites the jealousy of the master and
the hope of the slave. Put this proposition in the
Constitution, and the farmers, mechanics, and
workingmen of the free States will be forced to
contribute millions, earned by the sweat of their
brows, to enable the people of the slave States to
banish their free colored men. Gladly would I
so amend the Constitution as to authorize the
Federal Government to acquire territory in Mex-
ico, or Central or South America, for the colo-
nization, at the public expense, of such persons
as the humanity of slave masters may emancipate,
on condition of removal, and for the free people
of color who may choose to emigrate at their own
expense; but I never can, I never will, consentto
this proposition for eternizing slavery, and im-
posing this burden upon the toiling people of the
North. No, sir; never, never !
The mails are no longer sacred in the slave-
holding States—arc searched and rifled at the will
of postmasters, vigilance committees, and lawless
mobs. I find nothing in this plan of adjustment
for the security ofthe property of northern men
passing in arid through the mails of the southern
States.
Northern colored seamen are talcen from the
decks of their vessels, thrust into prison, fined,
and sometimes sold into perpetual slavery to pay
jail fees; and it is made a penitentiary offense to
attempt to defend their rights in the judicial tri-
bunals. Neither the Senator from Kentucky nor
the Senator from Illinois propose, in their plans
of settlement, any security against these wicked
and cruel wrongs.
Northern ships entering the waters or passing1
along the shores of Virginia, are visited, searched,
and compelled to pay five dollars for each unwel-
come visitation. The Senator from Kentucky
does not propose to right this illegal, tyrannical,
and burdensome action of the authorities of the
Old Dominion, nor do the compromising Senators
from Illinois and Pennsylvania [Mr. Biglkr] pro-
pose to protect, in any degree, the rights and inter-
ests of the North against such legislation.
Northern men, sojourning in the southern
States, arc subjected to petty annoyances, of-
fensively watched, often for no offense seized,
searched, subjected to the greatest personal insults,
and indecent indignities, imprisoned flashed, ban-
ished, and sometimes brutally murdered. There
is no land under the cope of heaven, where the
citizens of the free States are subjected to .such
wanton outrages of person and property, as in
portions of the slaveholdmg States of this Union.
Mechanics pursuing their lawful avocations; mer-
chants and business men, engaged m the almost
hopeless effort to collect something from reluctant
or bankrupt debtors; gentlemen sojourning for
health, pleasure, or business, are often subjected
to insult, sometimes to danger. To have in one's
possession a northern newspaper, to utter the
faintest word of explanation, or justification of
their section, to uphold the Union, and vindicate
the Government, often, in portions of the South,
subjects the northern gentleman to insult and
personal danger. These outrages upon northern
men are known, admitted, often justified; yet, the
Senator from Kentucky proposes nothing for then-
protection—no, nothing whatever. The rights and
interests of northern freemen are of no moment in
these Chambers.
But the Senator from Kentucky asks us of the
Northj by irrepeaiabie constitutional amend-
ments, to recognize and protect slavery in the Ter-
ritories now existing or hereafter acquired south
of 36° 30'; to deny power to the Federal Govern-
ment to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, in the forts, arsenals, navy-yards, and places
under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress; to
deny to the national Government all power to hin-
der the transit of slaves through one State to an-
other; to take from persons of the African race
the elective franchise; and to purchase Territory
in South America or Africa, and send to them, at
the expense of the Treasury of the United States,
such free negroes as the States may desire re-
moved from their limits. And what does the
Senator propose to concede to us of the North ?
The prohibition of slavery in Territories north of
36° 30', where no one asks for its inhibition;
where it has been made impossible by the victory
of freedom in Kansas; and theequalization ofthe
fees of the slave commissioners. And this, this
plan of concession, is called a compromise—the
Crittenden compromise—to be supported by the
representatives of millions of northern freemen,
on pain of having their fidelity to the Union ques-
tioned by the Senator from Illinois and his con-
federates in and out of this Chamber.
Such, Mr. President, arc the propositions of the
Senator from Kentucky, which we of the North
are asked to put into the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, beyond the power ofthe American peo-
ple ever to change or repeal. The unclouded
reason, the enlightened conscience, the love of
country, and of our racc, all, all forbid that north-
ern freemen should commit these crimes against
mankind, our country, and the cause of popular
freedom and republican institutions. We cannot,
no, sir, we dare not, do so. We fear—should we
consummate these wrongs to our country, to our
race—the perpetual reproaches of insulted reason
and violated conscience, the irreversible judgment
of earth and of Heaven. We fear that our names
will be enrolled, not with the benefactors of man-
kind, but with those who have betrayed the cause
of the people. We fear, should we assent to this
("itemization of slavery in the Constitution our
fathers framed to secure the blessings of liberty,
that we should sink, after life's fitful fever, into
dishonored graves, amid the curses of a betrayed
people; and that our names will be consigned to
what Grattan, the great Irish orator, called " Op-
pression *s natural scourge—the moral indignation
of history."
Mr. CLARK. I had proposed to address the
Senate upon this question to-night; but, as the
hour is so late, 1 shall not do so. I trust the Sen-
ate will give me, if there shall be time before the
close of the session, some opportunity to be heard.
1 therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February ^1, 18GI.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilrv. Thomas H. Stockton*.
The Journal of yesterday was i cad and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the War
Department, transmitting, in compliance with the
provisions of the act of August 26, 1842, a state-
ment of the expenditures from the appropriations
for the contingent expenses of that Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED 33ILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (£i. R. No. 914) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 18G2;
A resolution (S. No. 49) to repeal the joint res-
olution, approved June 15, 1860, for the relief of
William H. Do Groot; and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 43) giving the
assent of Congiess to certain acts passed, or to be
passed, by the Legislatures of the States of Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or any two of them,
in relation to the "raft" of Red liver, and for
other purposes.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ADRAIN. I present to the House two
memorials—one from citizens of Jersey city, and
the other from citizens of New Brunswick—pray-
ing Congress for the adoption of the Crittenden
compromise resolutions, or some other constitu-
tional measures of adjustment of our national dif-
ficulties.
The petition from the citizens of Jersey city is
signed by thirteen hundred and forty-five persons,
three hundred of whom are members of the Re-
publican party. The other petition is signed by
five hundred and nine persons, irrespective of
party, and is headed by lion. Theodoie Freling-
huysen, no less distinguished for his Christian
virtues than for his patriotism and love of the
Union.
The petitions were laid upon the table.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that when
this House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to mceton
Saturday next, at the usual hour.
The motion was agreed to
MARY WALBACH.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee on Pensions from the further consideration
ofthe bill (S. No. 345) granting a pension to Mary
Walbach, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral John De B. Walbach, of the United States
Army.
The bill, which was read for information, di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Mary Walbach, widow of the late Brevet
Brigadier General John De B. Walbach, on the
pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per month,
commencing on the 10th of June, 1857, for and
during her natural life.
Mr. THOMAS. If that bill is amended, so
that the pension shall commence from the date of
the passage of the bill, I shall not object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire the atten-
tion of the gentleman who asks that modification,
for a single instant. General Walbach died about
a year ago. He had been in the service of the
United States from the time ofthe fall ofthe French
monarchy. He was over eighty years of age
when lie died. His widow is very nearly of that
age now. She cannot live more than a few months.
She has had nothing to support her but the charity
of friends since the death of her husband. I think,
under these circumstances, that the gentleman
will not ask that the bill shall be changed.
Mr. THOMAS. Then make the pension com-
mence at the time of the death of the husband.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It does so begin.
Mr. THOMAS. - Then I make no objection.
The committee was then discharged from the
further consideration of the bill, and it was or-
dered to a third reading, and was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS of Maryland moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BURNETT. We have a privileged ques-
tion now pending. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to present the report which it was ageeed
yesterday that I should present to-day.
Air. BURNETT. I have no objection to that,
because there was an understanding that the re-
port should be made.
Mr. GURLEY. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to present this report. It will take but
a minute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky objects, as the Chair understands.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has, by
common consent given yesterday, a right to in-
troduce his report this morning.
The SPEAKER. That is perfectly correct.
Mr. BURNETT. Of course, 1 have no objec-
tion to that; but I do insist on the regular order
of business, after the gentleman shall have made
his report.
