1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
son pointed out as being wanting in the old Gov-
ernment, under the Articles of Confederation, are
granted by the Constitution of the United States
to the present Government by express delegation.
Congress has the power to lay and collect taxes;
Congress has the power to pass laws to restore
fugitives from labor escaping from one State into
another; Congress has the power to establish post
offices and post roads; Congress has the power to
establish courtsin the different States; and having
these powers, ithas the authority to do everything
necessary to sustain the collection of the revenue,
the enforcement of the judicial system, and the
carrying of the mails. Because Congress, having
the power, undertakes to execute its laws, it will
not do to say that the Government is placed m
the position of an aggressor. Not so. It is only
acting within the scope of; the Constitution, and
in compliance with its delegated powers. But a
State that resists the exercise of those powers be-
comes the aggressor, and places itself in a rebel-
lious or nullifying attitude. It is the duty of this
Government to execute its laws in good faith.
When the Federal Government shall fail to exe-
cute all the Ijws that are made in strict conformity
with the Constitution, if our sister States shall
pass laws violative of that Constitution, and ob-
structing the laws of Congress passed in conform-
ity with it, then, and not till then, will this Gov-
ernmenthave failed to accomplish the great objects
of its creation. Then it will be at an end, and
all the parties to the compact will be released.
But I wish to go a little further into the author-
ities as to the power of a State to secede from
the Union, and to quote an opinion of Judge Mar-
shall, given at a very early day. I know it is
very common to denounce him as a Federalist;
but I care not where the truth comes from, or
where a sound argument maybe found to sustain
a proposition lluu is right in itself, I am willing
to adopt it; and I have put myself to the trouble
to hunt up these unquestionable authoiities on
this subject, knowing that they would have more
influence before the country, and before my con-
stituents, tiian anything that 1 could say. Though
I am not a lawyer, though I have not made the
legal profession my study and my pursuit, I claim
to~have some little common sense and understand-
ing as to the application, of general principles. I
find that Judge Marshall, in speaking on the ques-
tion of the right of a State upon its own volition
to go out of the Confederacy, in the case of Co-
hans vs. Virginia, said:
i% It veiy true, that whenever hostility to the existing
system shall become universal"—
That is, the system of our Government—
" it will be also iilegible. The people made the Consti-
tution, and the people can unmake it."
I care not whether lie speaks here of the people
in the aggiegate or not. The application of the
principle is just us clear, whether you say the
people, through the States, made the Constitu-
tion, or leave out the qualifying words " through
the States."
" It is the creature of their will, and lives only by their
will. But this supieme and irre&isubic power to make and
unmake resides only in the whole body ot the people; not
in any subdivision of them. The attempt ot any of the
parts to exercise H is usurpation, and ought to he lcpelled
by those to whom the people have delegated their power
of repelling it."—WheatoiCs RcjmtSy vol. G, p. 38J.
Now, whether you apply that, in a general
sense, to the people in the aggregate, or to the
States occupying the same relation to the Federal
Government that the people do to the States, the
principle is just the same; and when you speak of
States "ratifying and making the Constitution of
the United States, one State, an ingredient—one
of the community that made the Constitution—
has no right, without the consent of the other
States, to withdraw from the compact, and set the
Constitution at naught. It is the principle that I
seek; and the principle applies as well to a com-
munity of States as it does to a community of in-
dividuals. Admitting that this Federal Govern-
ment was made by a community of States, can
one of that community of States," of its own will,
. without the consent of the rest, where the compact
is reciprocal. set it aside, and withdraw itself fi om
the operation of the Government? I have given
vou the opinion of Judge Marshall, one of the
most distinguished jurists that ever presided in
this country, though he is called by some a I'cu-
eralist. His mind was clear; he lived m that day
when the Constitution should be understood, ana
when it was understood—in the days of Madison
and Jefferson; and this is his opinion upon that
subject, as far back as 1821.
In this connection, I would call the attention of
the Senate to General Jackson's views upon this
subject; and I would also call their attention to
Mr. Webster's views, if it were necessary, for
ho is conceded, by some at least, to be one of the
most able expounders of the Constitution of the
United States. General Jackson, though not cel-
ebrated for his legal attainments, was celebrated
for his sagacity, his strong common sense, his
great intuitive power of reaching correct conclu-
sions, and understanding correct principles. In
1833, General Jackson, in his proclamation, takes
identically the same ground; and declares that,
first, a State has no power of itself to nullify a
law of Congress within its limits; and next, that
notwithstanding a State may claim to have se-
ceded, it has no constitutional power to withdraw
itself from the Union of the States, and thereby
set at naught the laws and the Constitution. He
argues tins question forcibly and clearly; and
comes to the unerring conclusion, according to
my judgment, that no State has the constitutional
power to withdraw itself from this Confederacy
without the consent of the other States; and it
may do good to reproduce his views on the sub-
ject. He says, in his famous proclamation, speak-
ing of the nullification ordinance of South Car-
olina:
" Anil whereas the said ordinance presenile* to the peo-
ple of South Carolina a course of conduct in direct viola-
tion ol their duty as citizens of llie United Slates, contrary
to the laws of their country, subvei-ive of its Constitution,
and having for its object the destiuetion of the Union—
that Union which, coeval vvith'oiir political existence, led
our fatheis, without any othei tics to unite them than those
of pah inh-iii and a common cause, through a sanguinary
snuggle to a glorious independence—that sacred Union,
hitherto inviolate, which, perfected by our happy Consti-
tution, has brought us, by tile favor of Heaven, to a state
of prosperity at home, and hiali consideration abroad, rarely,
if evct, equaled in the history of nations. To pieserve
this bond of om political c\istencc ftorn destruction; to
maintain inviol.it.1 ihin state of national honor and pros-
pcntv, and lo tustifv the confidence my fel!ow-cttizcin
have reposed in me, i, Am>i;cw Jackson, President of the
United States, have thought pioper to issue Ibis myproela-
inatioiij stating my views of the Constitution and the laws
applicable to the measures adopted by the convention of
South Carolina, and to the reasons they have put forth lo
sustain them, deflating the course which duty will requuc
me to puisne, and, appealing to the understanding and pa-
triotism of the people, warn them of the consequences that
must inevitably leeult from an observance of the dictates
of the convention."
He argues the question at length:
:£ This right to secede is deduced from the nature of the
Constitution, which, they say, is a compact between sov-
ereign States, who have preserved their whole sovereignty,
and tlicicfore arc subject to nosuperiot ; that because they
made the compact they can break it when, in their opinion,
it lias been depaited from by the other States. Fallacious
as this com se of reasoning is, it enlists State pride, and
finds advocates in the honest prejudices of those who have
not studied the nature of our Government sufficiently to
see the radical erroi on which it rests." 1 * *
" The people of the .United States formed the Constitu-
tion, acting thiough the State Legislatures in making the
compact, to meet and discuss its provisions, and acting m
separate conventions when they ratified those provisions;
but the terms used in its construction show it to be a Gov-
ernment m which the people of all the States collectively
are repiesented. We arc onk rcol'le m tile choice ot the
President and Vice President, lleece the States have no
other agency than to direct the mode in which the votes
shall be given. The candidates having the majority ot all
the votes are chosen. The electors ot a majouty ot the
States may have {jiven their votes for one candidate, and
yet another may be chosen. The people, then, and not
the States, are repie^ented in the executive branchy
"The Constitution of the United State?;, then, forms a
Government, not a league; and whether it be formed by
compact between the States, or in any other manner, its
diameter is the same. It is a Government m winch all the
people aio represented; which operates directly on the
people individually, not upon the States-—Uiey letauiea all
the power tliey did' not grant. 13ut each State havmq ex-
pressly parted with so many power* ac to constitute,jointly
with the othei States, a single nation, cannot, iiom that
period, possess any imhtto secede; because :iUeiit>eee?Moti
doe« not break a league but de^troyd the unity of a nation ;
and nnv injnrv to that unity is not only a breach, winch
would refult from the contravention of a compact, but His
an otfenso against the whole Union. To say that any otato
may, at pleasure, secede Iroin the Union, to say that the
United States are not a nation ; because it would be a toi?-
cis.ni to contend that any pait ot a nation might dissolve its
connection with the otiu.r parts, to their injury or rtitn,
without commuting any offense. Sece-sion, like an> othei
revolutionaiy act, may be moially jiivtifieil b> the e\;rem-
ity of opptession ; but to call it a constitutional ngnt. is
confounding the meaning of t'Min-. and ran onl.v be done
thioutdi uross errot, 01 to deceive those who are willing to
assert a right bur would pause before tlie^y made a revolu-
tion, Oi intnrn d tlic^ienahre^on ' /.
" Because tile Union was formed by compact, it to i-aia
the parties to that compact may} wftenthey feel themselves
aggrieved, depart from..it j. but it is precisely because it
a compact that they cannot. A compact is anagreomeot
or binding obligation. It may liylts terms have a sanction;
or penalty for its breach, or it may not. Xf it contains no
sanction,it may be broken, with no other consequence than
moral guilt; if it have a sanction, then the breach insures
the designated or Implied penalty. A league between in-
dependent nations, generally, has no sanction other than a
moral one; or if it should contain a penalty, as there is no
common superior, it cannot be enforced. A Government,
on the contrary, always has a sanction expressed or im-
plied; and, in our ease, it is both necessaiily implied and
expressly given. An attempt, by force of arms, to destroy
a Government, is an offense by whatever means the con-
stitutional compact may have been formod, and such Gov-
ernment has the right, by the law of self-defense, to pass
acts for punishing the offender, unlesMhat right is modified,
restrained, or resumed by the constitutional act. In our
system, although it is modified in the ease of treason, yet
authority is expressly given to pass all laws necessary to
carry its powers into effect, and under this grant, provision
has been made for punishiug acts which obstruct the due
administration of the Jaws." * * * * "It
treats, as we have seen, on the alleged undivided sover-
eignty of the States, and on their having formed, in ^this
sovereign capacity, a compact which is called the Consti-
tution, ft om which, because they made it, they have the
right to secede. Both of these position* are erroneous, and
some of the arguments to prove them so, have been anti-
cipated. „
« The States, severally, have not retained tlueir entire
sovereignty. It has been riiown that in becoming parts'of
a nation, not members of a league, they surrendered many
of their essential parts of sovereignty. The right to make
treaties, declare war, levy taxes, exercise exclusive judi-
cial and legislative powers, were all of them functions ot
sovereign power. The States, then,for all these purposes,
were no longer sovereign. ♦The allegiance of theircitizens
was transferred, in the first instance, to the Government of
the United States: they became American citizens, and
owed obedience to the Constitution of the United States,
and to laws made in conformity with the powers it vested
m Congress. This last position has not been, and cannot
be, denied. How, then, can that State be said to be sov-
ereign and independent whose citizens owe obedience to
laws not made by it, and who&e magistrates are sworn to
disregard those laws when thev come in conflict with those
passed by another? What shows conclusively that the
States cannot be said to iiave reserved an undivided sov-
ereignty is, that tiiey expressly ceded the right to puni&n
treason" not treason against their separate power, binttea-
sOu against the United States. Treason isan offense against
sovereignty, and sovereignty must icside with the powerto
punier it.' But the resuved rights of the States are not
itrss tiered bcoause they have, lor their common intciest,
made the General Government the depository of those
powers." * * * * *.
" So obvious arc the reasons which forbid this secession,
that it is necessary only to allude to them. The Union was
formed for the benefit of all. It win produced by mutual
sacrifices of interest and opinions. Can these sacrifice? lie
recalled ? Can the States, who mapianlinouslysurrendered
their title to the territories of the West, recall tlie grant.
Will the inhabitants of the inland States agree to pay the
duties that may be imposed without their assent by those
on the Atlantic or the Gull for their own benefit? Shall
there be a free port in one Htatc, and onerous duties in an-
other? No man believes that any right exists in a single
State to involve all the others in these and countless other
evils, contrary to the engagement solemnly made. Every
one must see that the other States, in self-defense, must
oppose, it at all hazards."
Having traveled thus far, the question arises,
in what sense are we to construe the Constitution
of the United States? I assume what is assumed
in one of Mr. Madison's letters, that the Consti
tution was formed for perpetuity; that it never
was intended to be broken up. It was commenced,
it is Hue, as an experiment; but the founders of
the Constitution intended that this experiment
should go on and on and on; and by way of mak-
ing it perpetual, they provided for its amendment.
They provided that this instrument could be
amended and improved, from time to lime, as the
changing circumstances, as the changing pursuits,
as the changing notions of men might require;
but they made no provision whatever for its de-
struction. The old Articles of Confederation were
formed for tho purpose of making " a perpetual
union." In 1787, when tho convention concluded
their deliberations and adopted the Constitution,
what do they say in the very preamble of that
Constitution? Having in their mind the idea that
was shadowed forth in the old Articles of Confed-
eration, lhat the Union was to be perpetual, they
say,at the commencement, that it is to make "a
more perfect union" than the union under the old
Articles of Confederation, which they called' per-
petual."
What furthermore do we find ? The Constitu-
tion of the United States" contains a provision
that it is to be submitted to the States respect-
ively for their ratification; but on nine States rati-
fiymg it, it shall be the Constitution for them. In
that way the Government was created; and u?
that way provision was made to perfect ltt Whaf
more do we find? fhe Ctms-ti^tiori; us J hare
just remarked', provides lor Its own amendment,
V
