1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
fore under the United States. Yet he continued to bold
ius commission as a lieutenant in the Navy till the 16th of
January, and his resignation did not reach the Secretary
until the 22d, when, like the others, it was, without in-
quiry or delay, accepted.
The conauct of thepe officers plainly comes within the
constitutional definition of treason against the United
Slates, namely: "levying war against them, or m adhering
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort." And so
long as their resignations were unaccepted by th^ Secre-
tary, they couM be tried and punished by a court-martial as
traitors. From this they have been relieved by the Secre-
tary himself. To have done this with a knowledge of
their acts, would have been to involve himself in their
crime*, would liave been to commit treason himself. To
have done it without inquiry, ana without reason to know
that they have committed no offense, shows a want of
that solicitude for the honor and efficiency of the service
which is indispensable to its just administration. Yet, the
resignations of Farrand and Renshaw, arid also those of the
other officers resigning at the Pensacola navy-yard, weie
all received and accepted after the Secretary had already
been officially informed that they had surrendered to a law-
less band of insurgents, ana he had detached them to await
orders, having neither approved nor disapproved of their
conduct, and not proposing to do so, without full informa-
tion touching their conduct in the suriender of the yard."
Why, after having been thus warned, and having taken his
position, the Secretary did not wait for this "inloimation,"
the committee cannot understand.
Several otiier resignations ot officers who do not appear
to have engaged in actual war against tiie United States
before tendering the same, were nevertheless accepted by
the Secretary, with an unnecessary haste which neither the
purpose of the resignation nor the times would justify or
excuse. Some of them were even accepted by telegraph,
when it was perfectly apparent that the object of resigning
was to relieve themselves, as early as possible, fiom em-
barrassment and the obligation of the oath of office, as well
as summary trial and punishment by a court-martial, pre-
vious to joining insurgent forces against the constituted
authorities ot then country. These resignations, thus ac-
ccpted. have been followed by immediate engagement in a
service hostile to the Government.
One man, holding the office of civil engineer in the Pen-
sacola navy-yard at the time ot its surrender, forwaidedhis
resignation on that day to the Secretary, inclosed in a letter
to Senator J\Jallory,in which he expressly states the reason
of his resignation to be because he is prevented from acting
against the Government by the obligations of bis commis-
sion. The leuei of resignation, and the one inclosing it
stating this reason4 were both laid before the Secretary on
the 24tU of January ; yet the Secretary not only accepted
the resignation at once, and thus relieved him from the ob-
ligation imposed on him by his commission not to act
against the Government, but caused the acceptance to take
effect " fiom the l'ith of January, the day of the surrender
of the yard," twelve days anteuor to the tune or its date.
The leason given for thus making this acceptance retro-
active in its effect, namely, to stop ins pay from that tune,
did not appear, under I lie extraouimaty rneuuistanee'- by
which it was suuoundcd, at all hau^tactoiy to the com-
mittee.
The resignation of the officer in charge of the marine
hospital at Pensacohi was accepted by telegraph, and he was
thereby enabled to take upon himself the same position un-
der the ii)Mii ent force without any iritenupnon. And that
of Lieutenant J? 'J' Chapman, dated on board the Brook-
lyn, w hen about to sail under ordeis, was likewise accepted
by telegraph, and ho was thus relieved of any inconvenience
he would othci wise have expeuenced 111 being earned to
sea against his wishes.
The course pursued by the Secretary, in thus accepting
these resignations, appeals, umlei the circumstances, to be
most ettraordmaiv. No custom oi the Department, in or-
dinary tunes, could justify it. No want of confidence 111 the
loyally ol these officers can excuse it; for, if their previous
conduct had justified anv such suspicion, it also demanded
investigation beforehand, winch would, as to some of them,
have disclosed to the Secietary their complicity in tieason,
calling foi court-martial utthet than honoiable discharge. A
prudent regard for the public safety would no doubt have
justified, u not imperiously demanded, that some of these
ofheers should have been early removed from delicate and
icsponsible positions of tiust, by the substitution of others
more reliable. Hut these very considerations appear to the
committee to have forbidden the furnishing atiy such facil-
ities lor engaging in hostilities against the Government, as
the relief from the summary trial and punishment of u comt-
martial, secured by an acceptance of their resignations.
The eoutse pursued by the Secretaiy has resulted in fur-
nishing those engaged in an attempt to overtlnowtho Gov-
ernment, with the skill, experience, and discipline wlneh
education at the expense of the Government and a long
service in the Navy have confened upon our own officers.
The committee cannot undeistand how this course is con-
sistent With a piopcr discharge of the duues of ius office
by the Secretaiy, in this critical juncture of affair. It ap-
pears to them to have been attended with consequences
the most serious to the service and the. countiy. They can
find no excuse oi justification in the claim set up in behalf
of the Secretary, that these resignations have been accepted
in ignoiance of any misconduct, for no resignation should
fit any time be accepted until there is rea«on to know at
least that the officer tendering it had been guilty of no un-
otficerlike conductdeservuig a couit maitia'l.
But the circumstanccs connected with these icognations,
the appaient purpose for which they were made, and the
hostile attitude which the manner of their tender cleat lj
di-closed, called upon the Secretary to refrain from that
haste in theii acceptance which permitted ol'neither delay
nor inquiiy. The committee cannot appiove, but are com-
pelled to condemn such a failure m the discharged'public
duty, and they tiieretoio recommend the adoption of the
^ceoinpanviHg resolution:
Resolved. That the Secietary of the Navy, m accepting,
without <lel.iv "j inipin v. the resignations ot officers of the
N.nj.wno <\eie m arms against the Government when
tendering the same, and of those who sought to resign, that
rhey might be relieved from the restraint imposed by their
commissions upon engaging m hostilities to the constituted
authorities ofthenation.'has committed a grave error,highly
prejudicial to the discipline of the service, and injurious to
the honor and efficiency of the Navy, for which be deserves
the censure of this House.
Mr. DAWES. I wish also to have the report
and the accompanying documents printed for the
House, and to have the resolution recommitted
to the committee.
It was so ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Itwas understood
yesterday that any of the members of the minor-
ity of the committee might express in the House
dissenting opiuiousfrom there ports that are placed
before them. I do not wish to detain the House
now. I merely wish to say that I dissent from
the conclusions at which the committee have ar-
rived in the majority report.
Mr. BRANCH. In accordance with the under-
standing had yesterday, I have reduced my views
to writing, and I ask that they may take the same
course as the majority report.
It was so ordered
The following is the paper presented by Mr.
Branch:
Mr. Branch, a member of the select committee of five,
to whom was leferred the President's message of 8th Jan-
uary, with instructions to make certain inquiries, not con-
cuiung with the majority of the committee m the repoit
and lesolution which they have instructed Mr. Dawes, of
Massachusetts, to piesent to the House, by J nave submits
his views, as follows :
The committee was raised on the 9th day of January,
with the following inductions :
J. Wnethei any executive officer of the United States
has been, oi is now, treating or holding communication
with any peison or persons concerning the sui render of any '
forts, or foitiesses, or public pioperty of the United States,
and whether any demand for such surrender has been made,
when, and by whom, and what answei had been given?
" 2. Whether any officer of this Government has, at any
time, entered into any pledge, agreement, or understand-
ing wirh any peison or persons not to send reinfoiccmcnta
to'the foits of the United States in the haibor of Chailes-
ton, and the particulars of such agreement, pledge, oi un
dcrstandmg, when, where, and with wUom it was made,
and on what consideration ?
"3. What demand foi reinforcement of the said foits has
been made, and for what reason such reinforcements have
not been furnished?
"4. Where the ships of the United States are now sta-
tioned, witli what command^, and with what oiders?
'•Whether the custom-house, post office, aisenal, and
other public buildings of the United States at Charleston
have been seized, and .ire held m possession by any person
oi persons, and the paiticulais of such seizure and posses-
sion ?
£'G. Whether any revenue cutter of the United States
has been seized ami i« now held in possession by any poi-
son or persons, and the particulars tiicieof; and whether
any elTotts have been made by the head of the Tieasiiiy
Department to leeaptuie oi recover possession of said ves-
sel.55
In no one of these branches of inquiry can anything be
found to justify or demand a scrutiny into the conduct ol
naval officer-, the motives winch induced them to ie>ign
then commissions, ot into thepiopnety of the Secretary's
action in accepting the resignations. However much
til etc might be found deserving icprobation, the committee
was nenher authoiized nor required to take cognizance of
the -ubjeet.
The resignations of Captain V.M. Randolph, Commaml-
ei E. Fairand, Lieutenant F. B. Renshaw, arid Civil u-
gtneci S. T. Abeit, a!l bore date aftei the committee was
appointed; and the cucumstanees attending then accept-
ance by the Secretary could not be legitimately before the
committee without new instructions fiom the House, which
have not been given. Nothing is better settled than that
neither a standing not a select committee has a light to re-
poit upon matters which have not been re feiied to them by
the House.
The undersigned, howevci, donc$ not think it proper to
object to the icception of the icport and resolution, because,
in hi-« opinion, no unnecessary obstructions ought to be
thrown in the way of any lair scrutiny into the conduct of
public officers.
I. DISPOSITION OF TIIE VESSELS OF THH NAVY.
An examination of (he tabic accompanying the report,
mai Iced u List of the vessels of the United States Navy in
commission on the loth of Januaty, idSl," will disclose
the tact that, so far from there being any ground to believe
that the siup'4 oi the Navy have been put po&ely placed out
of reach, the foreign squadrons are unusually weak, m pio-
portion to the whole force of the Navy, and the home squad-
ron unpiecfdentediv stiong. In his annual leportof 3d
December, 1857, the Societary of the Navy said :
'•The home squadron, under the command of its flag
officer—Hnam Paulding—has consisted ol the steam-fng-
;Ues Wabash and Roanoke, the sloops-of-war Saiatoga and
Cyane, and the war steamers Susquehanna and Fulton.
The unsatistuctoiy state of affairs in New Gianada and
poitions ot CeiiTta! America required the mciease oi tins
-quadton, and the almost constant piescnce of a con juiei-
aoio foice m the neighborhood, both ru the Atlantic and
the Pacific."
From wmeh it will be seen that, at that time, six ship"?
were consii'ried so laige a foice tor the Home squadton as
to call for an exp'anatiou from Congiess.
The same ^quadtou, on the ltilh of January, 1^61, con-
sisted of eleven ships ot which seven were bteameia; of
the eleven, eight were on the coast, or tinder orders for the
coast, and have since arrived. It is difficult to perceive
from what portion of the testimony the committee have
reached the conclusion that the only shipsavailableforthe
defense of the coast are the Brooklyn and one other. It is
true, they were, on the 16th of January, the only vessels
inoui haibors; but the House need not be informed that
vessels in commission aic not allowed to he idle in tiie har-
bors, but are required to cruise on their stations, coming
in occasionally for supplies and for orders. The hotnc
squadron, as its name imports, is mainly intended to guard
and protect our own coasts, and on comparatively short
notice it could be coiiccutraied for service at a given point.
It will be seen, fiom the abstract of orders issued from the
Navy Department, furnished to the committee, and dated
524th January, that not a single ship has been ordered to any
foreign station since the date of the presidential election ;
every order since that aate has been to increase the force
at home.
The second ground on which the committee condemn
the action of the Secretary is, that a large number of ships
aie dismantled, and not ready for immediate service.
It is well known that, fiom the very natme of the ser-
vice, only a portion ot even the serviceable ships can be
kept in commission. In the midst of a foreign war with a
naval Power, some of the vessels of the Navy will always
be m ordinary. Thete is nothing in the testimony to show
that the number in ordinary, at the present time, is un-
usually large. If, however, it is unusually large, both the
testimony and the records of the House furnish a sufficient
reason for it. It is stated m the following extract trom tue
paper ahoadv alluded to, dated 21th Januaiy :
"2. All the vessels above named, except the Pawnee
and the Constitution, aie dismantled. Vessels of war are
neaily always dismantled immediately after their aruval in
port, at the termination of a cruise. It is also customary
to commence lepamrig them as soon as possible after their
return, if the appropriations and other woik will permit.
The appropriations weie ieduced .-$1,000,000 below the es-
timate of the Department; and of the whole sum appro-
priated ($1,523,000) for repairs, &c.,for the fiscal year end-
ing June JO, 1861, there remained, on the 1st January, the
close of the iir t half of the fiscal year, the sum of
$6-16,6u9 79 for the remaining half/'
The Secietaiy stated to the committee that he deemed it
his duty to conioim to the action ot Congiess, arid that in
addition, having already expended more than half the appro-
priation m half the year, he did not think it just to Ius suc-
cessor that he should contmuc expendituies until 4th March
on the feame scale, much less to increase them.
A laige majontyof the members of this House voted at
the last session to reduce the appiopriation ; and of course
those who thus voted will not unite with the committee in
censuring the Secietaiy for the inevitable consequence oi
their own act.
Another equally satisfactory leason for not placing more
ships in commission, is found in the letterof 24th Januaiy,
as follows :
" The other vessels mentioned in the list have not been put
in condition for immediate service within the ia^t month,
because the number of vessels in commission is governed
by the numeiical stiength of the officeis and seamen of the
Navy."
And again, in a communication from the Navy Depait-
ment, dated February 4, 1861:
" in reply to the second inquiry, there arc enough cap-
tains, commanders, suigeons, chaplains. Of the other
giades there are not, nor i~> there a sufficient number of
seamen."
It will be reiriembeied that the number of both officers
and seamen to be employed is limited by law, and the Sec-
ictary of the Navy cannot exceed that limit.
The Secietaiy deserves no censure; but should receive
the highest commendation for inflexibly obeying the law in
the administration of his Department. Every attempt at
retrenchment and economy is defeated because heads of
Departments will not themselves conform to the law and
compel their subordinates to do the same. The facility with
which Congress supplies deficiencies created by tusiegaid-
lng the law has encouiaged such practices; nnd it would be
mournful, indeed, if, in the first well-authenticated ca-scm
which a head of Department has laithfully and sternly con-
formed his expenditures to so radical a reduction of his
estimates, the officer should receive a vote of censuie la-
stead of a vote of thanks.
The Navy seems to nave been adequate for ail the de-
mands madf upon it by the wise and peace-pieserving pol-
icy of the Piesident. If the President, who will go" into
oiiice on the 4th March, desires to engage in civil war. he
will have an ample naval foice with which 10 be^in, even
so eaily as the 5th Maieh; and there will probably be
abundant time for increasing it befoie the war closes.
II. RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS.
A list of all the officers of the Navy who have resigned,
between the 11th November and the 24th January, was fur-
nished to the committee, and the chief clerk of the Navy
Department was fully examined as to the ciiomnstances
attending each lesignation. Tin' whole number was fifty-
six, including eleven fiom the Naval Academy.
It is known that in many, if not most of the";e cases, the
officeis, in resigning, have not only given up an honoiable
profession foi which alone they weie'fittert by education and
habits, but have reduced themselves and families to penury.
Some poweiful motive must have actuated them. If it was
selfish, let any one point out a possible advantage they could
promise themselves personally. U could not'be that they
aimed toiecommend themselves to the favor and patronage
of the southern confederacy, for that government does not
possess a ship, and cannot, foi a long time, provide itself
With a navy. When rl has done so, it cannot be expectcd
that the oflieers will he in any hotter situation, with refer-
ence to theif peisonai interests, than thev would have been
it they had remained m the Navy of the United States.
It h evident that, in icsiguing, they have been actuated
by a high sense or duty to me States of which they were
respectively citizens; and that, in the time and manner of
tuidenng their resignations, they nave consulted a nice
