140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Government was concerted into hostile Powers,
and you made the line between the slaveholding
and non^-skivehoMing States the line of divmion.
Then, what remedy do we get for the institution
of slavery ? Must we keep up a standing army?
Must wo Iteop up forts bristling with arms along
the whole border ? This is a question to be con-
sidered, one that involves the future; and no step
should be taken without mature reflection. Be-
forethis Union isdissoivod and broken up, we in
Tennessee, as one of the slave States, want to be
consulted; we want to know what protection we
are. to have; whether we arc simply to be made
outposts and guards to protect the property of
others, at the same time that we sacrifice and lose
our own. We want to understand this question.
Again: if there is one division of the States,
will there not be more than one? I heard a Sen-
ator say the other day that he would rather see
this Government separated into thirty-three frac-
tional parts than to see it consolidated; but when
you once begin to divide, when the first division
is made, who can tell when the next will be made ?
When these States are all turned loose, and a dif-
ferent condition of things is presented, with com-
plex and abstruse interests to be considered and
weighed and understood, what combinations may
take place no one can tell. I am opposed to the
consolidation of Government, and I am as much
for the reserved rights ofStates as any one; but,
rather than see this Union divided into thirty-
three petty Governments, with a little prince in
one, a potentate in another, a little aristocracy in
a third, a little democracy in a fourth, and a re-
public somewhere else; a citizen not being able
to pass from one State to another without a pass-
port or a commission from his Government; with
quarreling and warring amongst the little petty
Poweis, which would result in anarchy; I would
rather see this Government to-day—I proclaim
it here in my place—converted into a consolidated
Government. It would be better for the Ameri-
can people; it would be better for our kind; it
would be better for humanity; better for Chris-
tianity; better for all that tends to elevate and en-
noble man, than breaking up this splendid, this
magnificent, this stupendous fabric of human
government, the most perfect that the world ever
.saw, and winch has succeeded thus far without a
parallel in the history of the world.
When you come to break up and turn loose the
different elements, there is no telling what com-
binations may take place in the future. It may
occur, for instance, to the middle States that they
will not get so good a Government by going a
little further south as by remaining where we are.
It may occur to North Carolina, to Tennessee, to
Kentucky, to Virginia, to Maryland, to Missouri—
and perhaps Illinois might fall in, too—that, by
erecting themselves into a central, independent
republic, disconnected either with the North or
the South, they could stand as a peace-maker—
could stand as a great breakwater, resisting the
heated and surging waves of the South, and the
fanatical abolitionism of the North. They might
think that they could stand there and lift them-
selves up above the two extremes, with the sin-
cere hope that the time would arrive when the
extremes would come together, and reunite once
more, and we could reconstruct this greatest and
best Government the woild has ever seen. Or it
might so turn out, our institution of slavery being
exposed upon the northern line, that by looking
to Pennsylvania, to New York, and to some of
the other States, instead of having them as hos-
tile Powers upon our frontiers, they might come
to this central republic, and give us such consti-
tutional guarantees, and such assurances that they
would be executed, that it might be to our inter-
est to form an alliance with them, and have a pro-
tection on our frontier.
I throw these outas considerations. There will be
various projects and various combinations made.
Memphis is now connected with Norfolk, in the
Old Dominion; Memphis is connected with Balti-
more within two days. Here is a coast that lets
us out to the commerce of the world. When we
look around m the four States ofTennessee, Ken-
tucky, Virginia, and Maryland, there are things
about which our memories, our attachments,and
our associations lingerwith pride and with pleas-
ure. Go down into the Old Dominion; there is
the place where, m 1781, Cornwalhs surrendered
his sword'to the immortal Washington. In the
bosom of her soil are deposited her greatest and
best sons. Move along in that trail, and there we
find Jefferson and Madison and Monroe, and a
long list of worthies.
We come next to old North Carolina, my na-
tive State, God bless her! She is my mother.
Though she was not my cherishing mother, to
use the language of the classics, she is thp mother
whom I love, and I cling to her with undying af-
fection, as a son should cling to an affectionate
mother. We find Mecklen, who was associated
with our early history, deposited in her soil. Go
to King's Mountain, on her borders,and you there
find the place on which the battle was fought that
turned the tide of the Revolution. Yes, within
hcrbordersthe signal battle was fought that turned
the tide which resulted in the surrender of Corn-
wallis at Yorktown,in the Old Dominion.
Travel on a little fhrther,and we get back to Ten-
nessee. I shall be as modest as I can in reference
to her, but she has some associations that make
her dear to the people of the United States. In
Tennessee we have our own illustrious Jackson.
There he sleeps—that Jackson who issued his
proclamation m 3833, and saved this Government.
We have our Polk and our Grundy, and a long
list of others who are worthy of remembrance.
And who lie in Kentucky? Your Hardings,
your Boons, your Roancs, your Clays, are among
the dead; your Crittenden among the living.
All are identified and associated with the history
of the country.
Maryland has her Carroll of'Carrollton, and a
long list of worthies, who are embalmed in the
hearts of the American people. And you are
talking about breaking up this Republic, with this
cluster of associations, these ties of affection,
around you. May we not expect that some means
may be devised by which they can be presened
together ?
Here, too, in the center of the Republic, is the
seatofGovernment, which was founded by Wash-
ington, and bears hi** immortal name. Who dare
appropriate it exclusively? It is within the bor-
ders of the States I have enumerated, in whose
limits are found the graves of Washington, of
Jackson, of Polk, of Clay. From themisitsup-
posed that we will be torn away ? No, sir; we
will cherish these endearing associations with the
hope, if this It< public shall be broken, that we
may speak w-ords of peace and reconciliation to
a distracted, a divided, I may add, a maddened
people. Angry waves may be lashed into fury
on the one hand; on the" other blustering winds
may rage; but we stand immovable upon our
basis, as on ourown native mountains—present-
ing their craggy brows, their unexplored caverns,
their summits " rock-iibhed and as ancient as the
sun"—we stand speaking peace, association, and
conceit, to a distracied Republic.
But, Mi. President, will it not be well before
we break up this great Government, to inquire
what land of a government this new government
in the South is to be, with which we are threatened
unless we involve our destinies with this rash and
precipitate movement. What intimation is there
m reference to its character ? Before my State
and those States of which I have been speaking,
£o into a southern or northern confederacy, ought
they not to have some idea of the kind of gov-
ernment. that is to be formed? What are the in-
timations in the South, in leference to the form-
ation of a new government? The language of
some speakers is that they want a southern gov-
ernment obliterating all State lines—a government
of consolidation. It is alarming and distressing
to entertain the proposition here. What rum
and disaster would follow, if we are to have a
consolidated government here! But the idea is
afloat and current in the South that a southern
government is to be established, m the language
of some of the speakers in the State of Georgia,
" obliterating all State lines;" and is that the kind
of entertainment to which the people are to be
invited ? Is that the kind of government under
which we are to pass; and are we to be forced to
emancipate our slaves unless we go into it? An-
other suggestion in reference to a southern govern-
ment is, that we shall have a southern confederacy
of great strength and power, with a constitutional
provision preventing any State trom changing its
domestic institutions without the consent of three
foiuths, or some great number to be fixed upon.
Is that the kind of government under which we
want to pass? I avow here, that so fav as I am
concerned, I will never enter, with my consent,
any government, North or South, less republN
can, less democratic, than the one under which
We now live.
Where are we drifting? What kind of breakers
are ahead? Have we a glimpse through the fo^
that develops the rock on which the vessel of
State is drifting ? Should we not consider ma-
turely, in giving up this old Government, what
kind of government is to succeed it? Ought we
not to have time to think? Are we not entitled
to respect and consideration? In one of the lead-
ing Geoigia papers we find some queer siijLrir« s-
tions; and, as the miners would say, these may
be considered as mere surface-indications, that
develop what is below. We ought to know the
kind of government that is to be established.
When we read the allusions made in various
papers, and by various speakers, we find that
there is one party who are willing to {'iveup this
form of government; to change its character; and,
in fact, to pass under a monarchical form of gov-
ernment. I hope that my friend will read the
extracts which I will hand h m.
Mr. LATHAM read the following extracts:
" If the Fedeial system Na failure, the question may well
be as-ked, is not the hole republican sif<tem a fuilurc ? Very
many wi<e. thinking men, savso. We formed the Federal
Government because the separate States, it wa> thought,
were not stiong enough to ftand alone, and because they
weie hkely to prove disadvantageous', if not dangerous,
each to the other, in their distinct organization, and With
the;r varjmg interests. When we break up, will the dis-
advantages, and danger*, of separate States bo Mich as to
lequue tiie formation nf a new confederacy of those which
are,.at present, supposed to he homogeneous? If we do
form a new confederacy, when the old is gone, it would
seem to be neither wise, prudent, no statesmanlike to frame
it ajtcr the pattern of the old. New safeguards and guar-
antees must necessarily be required, and none hut a heed-
less maniac would seek to avoid looking1 this matter square-
ly in the face.
" It is true that we might make a constitution for the fif-
teen southern States, which would secure the light.-of all,
ut pio>eut, fioni harm, oi, at len-t, which would require a
e'ein notation of its letter, so pianly that the world could
discern it, when unconstitutional action wa> con-unimated.
But then, in the couhc of years, as men changed, t:mcs
ohanscd, interests changed, business changed, pioductions
changed, a violation of thv spirit mightoceur, which would
not be cleatly a violation- or the letter. It may be said that
the con.stiluuon might pi ovale lot its own change a& times
changed Well, that was the de- j<rn when our pies-ent Con-
stitution was foirned. and, still, we say, it was a failme.
How more caietuily could a n< vv one be at ranged? I\'en
will ^ny that we oi the £?outh e one, and that we shall get
along well enough. Cut t!ie\ who say it know neither his-
tory nor human nntuie. When the Union wa formed,
twelve of the thmeen States were siavehokhng; and if the
cotton gin had not been invented there would not probably
to-day have been an Afiiean slave in North America.
u Hut how about the Htate organizations? This is an
impoitant consideration, toi whethei we consult with the
other southern States or nor, it is certain that each State
mu-.t act for itself, in the fir-t instance. When any State
goes out of the pre^nt Federal Union, it then become-a
Joreiqn Pon-er as to all the other States, as well a-: to the
world. Whether it will unite airam with anyot the States,
or stand alone, is for it to dcteunme. Tne new Confeder-
acy must then be made by tho.-e States which desire it—
audit Geoigia, oi any othet State, doe* not find the pio-
posed ten us of federation agreeable, she cat) maintain her
own separate form of government, oi at Iea?.t tiv it. Well,
what fomi of government &halt wo have? This is more
easily asked than answered.
" Some of the uisest and lest citizens propose a hered-
itary t or-isTiru'nox.u. monarchy ; but, however good th.it
may he in Jtself, the irm>t important point to discover is,
whether or not the people aie ptepai-nl for it. it i  thought,
again, by others, that we shall be able to go on for a gener
aiion or tu-o, in a new confederacv, with additional safe-
guaids; such, for instance, a* an Executive for life, a vastly
restricted suffrage, Senators elected J or hfe,or'fcr a Idit'%
period,say h-ent.y-one venrc, and the most popu'lai branch
of the assembly elected for sei en t/cw, the judiciary abso-
lutely independent, and fot life,'or good behavior. The
fiequency of elections, and the universality oi suffrage, with
the attendant arousing of the people's parous and the
neeess-aiy sequence o( demagogues being elevated to high
station, an.-thought by man} to be the great causes of noubie
among us.
"We throw out these t-ugsesiions that the people may
think of them, and act as their interests require. Our own
opinion is that the South might be the greatest nation on
the eaith, and might maintain, on the basis of African
slavery, not oelv a splendid Government, but a secuie re-
publican Government. But still our fears arc that through
aharchy wc shall reach the despotism of mihta'ty chieftains,
and finally be raised a<*atn to a monarchy— ^u^usta
(Georgiaj Chronicle and Sentinel of December 8, i860.
[Fiom the Columbus (Georgia) Times.]
"Let us Ufason Together.—Permit a humble Indi-
vidual to lay before \oua few thoughts that are burnt into
Ills heart of hearts by their very tuuh.
'•The fir-t gieat thought is this : The in.-tifution known
ac the •' Federal Government.'' e-tabh hed by the people of
the IJmtcd States of Ameuea, is a failure. This n a fact
which cannot be gainsayed. Itliasaci-er been in the power
of the ' Federal Government' to enforce ali its own laws
