1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
I bring this matter up now, and correct this ap-
parently very gross error, for the reason that it is
calculated to lead to very erroneous impressions in
regard to the abuses alleged to be committed in
the management of these hospitals. The error is
not one of the honorable member from Connecti-
cut, who very properly supposed that the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury could be re-
lied on.
Mr. LOOMIS. I desire to say a word in reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois.
The statement which I made in regard to marine
hospitals was made from an examination of the
official records in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I obtained there a table which I sup-
posed was printed in connection with my report,
but I find it was not so printed. The facts, how-
ever, to which I alluded, will be found to be borne
out by that table. In Executive Document No. 27,
this was submitted to the Senate in answer to a
resolution calling for information as to the number
of seamen or patients admitted into each marine
hospital from 1854 to 1859, inclusive. In the years
3853-54,1854-55,1855-56,1856-57,1857-58,and
3858-59, there has not been a single seaman re-
turned as having been admitted into the hospital
-at Paducah. It seems that the statement of the
physician, read by the gentleman from Illinois, is
as to the number of patients admitted during the
year 1860. I do not know what may be the num-
ber of patients there now, but throughoutall those
years it appears by the records that no patient
was admitted. I submit to the House whether
the official records are not more reliable than a
statement m a letter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The physi-
cian only refers in his letter to the year 1860. lie
gives the number of patients admitted into the
hospital that year. lie does not go back to previous
years; hut it is unquestionable that if there were
such a large number of patients admitted in I860,
there must have been an equally large numberad-
mitted during the previous years. There seems to
be an omission on the part of the Secretary of the
Treasury in regard to that hospital; butwhether
that was intentional or not, I do not know.
Mr. LOOMLS. In repaid to the table showing
that the cost of maintaining patients in the hos-
pital at Paducah was $16 30 per week each, that
was made up from reports made prior to the year
3855. There may, therefore, be really no conflict
between the two statements on that point. At nil
events, that does not affect the aigunientm favor
of changing the system recommended in my re-
port, so that, at points where it can be done ad-
vantageously to the Government, t he marine hos-
pitals should be leased by pi ivate contract, instead
of being maintained at the Government expense.
Mr. WASH BURN IS, of Illinois. I am much
obliged to the gentleman from Missouri for the
com teyy extended to me.
STATE OF TUB UNION.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
■of i ho report from the committee of thirty-tin en on
the condition of the country, on which Mi. Bau-
nr,i was entitlul to the floor.
Mr. BAR RET addressed the House for one
hour, [iliy speech will be published m the Ap-
pendix.)
Mr. STOUT. I move that the House resolve
iNelf mfa a Committer* of Hie Whole House for
the purpose of considering the special order, being
►Senate bill No. 11, to provide for the payment of
the expenses incurred by the Terntones of Ore-
gon and Washington, m the suppression of In-
dian hostilities theu-in, in the years 3855 and 1856.
OF nrvi:vin-] CHTTKUS, KTC.
Mr. SICKLES. I a;dc the gentleman from
Oiegon to yield lor a moment, that a communica-
tion may he presented from the Soeroiaiy of the
Treasury and leferred.
Mr. STOUT. J have no objection.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer 10 a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 1J th February last, relative to
< ustoms, levemu cutters, marine hospitals, light-
houses, &c , in the States of South Carolina,
Geoigia, Alabama, Louisiana, and Florida.
Air. SICKLES. J move that so much of the
report as retates to mints and public moneys be
leferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that so much as relates to commerce and the
collection of revenue be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and that its printing be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
It was so ordered.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR DEBT.
Mr. STOIJT. I now renew my motion to go
into a Committee of the Whole House on the bill
for the payment of the Oregon and Washington
war debt.
Mr. SHERMAN I ask why not allow the
Indian bill to be disposed of first, and then it will
not. stand in the way of this bilP
Mr. STOUT. I prefer that the House should
now go into a Committee of the Whole House,
and take up theWashington and Oregon war debt,
for the purpose of considering it. After we get
into committee, if it be deemed advisable to take
some other course, perhaps we may do so. But
I want to have this bill put in a position where,
if we adjourn to-day without disposing of it, it
will come up again as a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman,may move
to postpone the special order till some day next
week.
Mr. STOUT. I will certainly not consent to
do that. I much prefer that the House should
now go into a Committee of the Whole House,
and then if we fail to dispose of it to-day, it will
be first m order when wo next go into committee.
Air. SHERMAN. If wego into committee on
this bill it is a special order in committee, and I
do not see how we can get rid of it.
Mr. STOUT. This bill is on the Private Cal-
endar.
Air. SHERMAN. Then the gentleman can
only gct.it up on Friday; and if he deques, he can
have it made the special order for that day. I
have no objection to that.
Mr. WASHHURNE, of Illinois. It has been
made the special ordet.
The SPEAKER. The bill is a special order
in Committee of (ho Whole House; and if the
House go into committee now, it must consider it.
Mi. SHERMAN Then I move to postpone
the special oider.
Mr. WASlinUliNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has not the Hour to make that motion.
Air. SHERAIAN. 1 have a rightto make the
motion
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman ti oni Oi e<ron [Mr. St out j has the floor;
and therefore the gentleman from Ohio cannot
submit the motion.
Air. SHERMAN. I have a right to submit the
motion to postpone. The gentleman from Oregon
submitted his motion, and nosv I submit mine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that, the
right does not attach to the gentleman from Ohio,
while the gentleman from Oregon has the floor,
and moves to go into a Committee of the Whole
House.
Air. GROW. If the gentleman from Oregon
submits his motion to go into a Committee of
the Whole House, he is then oil' the floor; and
while the question is pending, the gentleman from
Ohio can make another motion.
Air. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ore-
gon cannot debate a motion of this kind.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able. The motion of the gentlemnn from Oregon
is to go into a Committee of the Whole House on
the special order.
Air. SHERMAN. Then I suhmita privileged
motion. I move that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 be|ie\e that motion takes precedence.
Ah . STANTON. I suppose it wifl not take
preccdt nee to-day,when this is a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the motion of the gentleman from Oregon takes
precedence.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Bocock
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill (S. No. 11) to
provid- for the payment of the expenses incurred
by the Territories of Oregon and Washington, m
the suppression of Indian hostilities therein, m
the years JH55 n d 1856.
Air. STAN TON The original bill comes here
from the Senate.- The Committee on Military
Affairs of this House recommend the adoption of
the substitute which is reported to the original
bill. If the committee will give me its attention
for fifteen or twenty minutes, I will be able to
give them some general idea of the character of
these claims, and the ground on which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs predicate the amend-
ment which they have reported to the House.
This bill involves a sum of between two and four
million dollars, and perhaps that is worth some
consideration m the present condition of the
country.
Mr. Chairman, these Oregon hostilities and
Oregon claims, have occupied a good deal of pub-
lic attention, and are, I suppose, generally under-
stood. These claims are for expenses incurred
in both those Territories for hostilities that took
place in 1855 and 1856, commencing about the
month of October, 1855. There has been much
controversy between the territorial authorities and
the authorities of the United States on the Pacific
coast under General Wool, as to the necessity for
these expenditures; as to the extent of it; as to
the origin of the war; and all that. Now, I think
it may bo true, and it probably is true, that this
war originated in lawless acts on the part of white
men in those Territories. I think that perhaps
the origin of these hostilities may have been the
fault of the settlers. About that, I do not choose
to inquire, bccause I apprehend that if you were
to trace the history of Indian wars from the origin
of the Government down to this time, you would
find that nine out of ten of them have originated
from a similar cause. But fiom whatever cause
these hostilities originated, once they were in ex-
istence, the people of the Teiritory were entitled
to piotcction; and whatever expense was neces-
sary to give them that protection, I take it to be
the business of the Federal Government or of the
authorities of the Territories to meet. The Gen-
eral Government has recognized, by a series of
acts, and a course of practice that is settled, the
liability of the Government for the necessary ex-
penses incurred in defending the extended fron-
tiers of the country against Indian hostilities.
During the last three or four years, however, the
Federcd Government found it a necessity of its
position to revise the expenditures incuired. It
has been found by experience that for this Gov-
ernment to adopt in gross the expenditures audited
and recognized by State or territorial authority
has led to gross abuse; and that it is necessary
for the protection of the public Treasury for the
Federal authorities to revise those expenditures,
and to hrmg them within reasonable limits.
In this case, Air. Chairman, the expenditures
were incurred, as I said, in the years 1855-56. In
August, 1856, a piovision was insetted in the an-
nual appropriation bill, making it the duty of the
President or Secretary of War to appoint a com-
mission to examine these claims, to consist of two
Army officers and a gentleman resident in Oregon
Captain Ingalls, Captain Smith, and Air. La Fay-
ette Grovcr, a member of the last Congress, were
appointed such commissioners. They reported
to the Secretary of War, and the Secretary of
War transmitted their report to the House m
December, 1857.
The amount of expenditures found due by that
report was, to Oregon $4,449,949 33, and to
Washington $1,484,474, making an aggregate of
about $5,981,000. A supplemental report gave
$80,000 more,making a sum total of $f>,011,534 36.
The Secretary of War, m December, 1857, with
his annual report, transmitted this report of the
commissioners, and recommended the payment of
this sum. That report of the Secretary of War,
with the accompanying report of the commission-
ers, was refetied to the Committee on Alihtary
A flairs, of which the distinguished gentleman from
Alississippi, General duitman, was then chair-
man. No action was had upon this report by that
committee, I think, until January 10, 1859. The
papers accompanying this report filled a box about
four feet long, three feet wide, and three feet high,
and as they are kept and arranged in the Third
Auditor's office, they make eleven volumes of im-
perial paper of about four hundred and fifty pages
each.
The Committee on Military Affairs were to ex-
amine and investigate these claims,and report to
the House. The committee assigned that duty to
the chairman, who was directed to investigate this
