1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ul
within its own territory; ithas, therefore, been measurably
n failure ftou) the beginning; but its first convincing evi-
itence of weakness was in allowing one branch of its or-
c:uii7,niioii to pass an unconstitutional law, (the Missouri
compromise.) its next evidence of decrepitude was its
inability to enforce a constitutional law, (the fugitive slave
Jaw.) thy whole fabric boms shaken tons foundation by
the only attempt of enforcement made by its chief officer,
(Provident Pieiec.) I need not enlarge in this direction.
Tin;' F *d"ral Government' is a failure.
" What then? The State?, of course, i evert to their ori-
ginal po-juon, each sovereign within itself. There can be
1:0 o:her just conclusion. Tins, then. bem§ our position,
the qiHMnm :oi sober. thinkius, earnest men is, what shall
wa do for the fu'ur. ? ' 1 take it t'01 granted that no man in
his senses woulti advocate the lenuuuing in so many petty
tovetenjnues. Wo fhould be worse than .Mo\H\imZ'-'d by
that |voee>s. Wnat. then, shall w do ? Inthe fust place.
1 would ?-ay, lot look aiound and see if there is a gov-
ernment of a 1 enlightened nation that has not yet piovcn
a l'.iiimo, lint which i> now. and has ever been, productive
oi happiness to all it~- Unv abiding people, if such a gov-
cinin nt can Iv fou.i'l—*igovernm«'nt who^e lirt and only
obj 'et the the rkai. good (not fancied good, an
i*ni<! fatun* which I fear both our father?- and ourselves
have too much urn atter in this country) of all it&ppople—
1! such a government exifts, let us examine it carefully; if
it ha< appaient en ore, (as what human institution has not?)
let ii' avoid them. It-.beneficial ariangements letusadopt.
Let lis not be turned aside by its name, nor be lured by its
pretentious. Try it by its works, and adopt or condemn it
by its fruits. jV> ?n.)re experiments. 11 speak as to wise
men; judge ye what 1 say.'
« 1 am one or a few who ever dared to think that repub-
licanism was u failure troin its ine >ption, and 1 have never
slninik irom giving my opinion when it wa* worth while.
I h ivc nev^r wished to i-.ee this Union disrupt*;d ; but if it
must be, then 1 raise tnv voice for a return to a
"CONSTITUTIONAL MONARCHY."
{i Uoi.umdia. South Carolinv, December 5, 1830.
11 V wcubiy the debate in the House of Itepiesentative^
was umi-uallv warm. The parties arrayed against each
othei m the m itter ot organ'izinc an auny, and the manner
of appointing tne comm.uidniu officers, u ed bcnthtng lan-
guage, and debate tan hi<ih throughout the session. So far
as 1 am able to judge, both the opposing paitios aie led on
by bitter prejudices. The Joint Military Committee, with
two or thiee e\e  ption-*, have piutmaeion-Iy elung to the
idea that a standing atin\ ol pan! volunteer, to be raised
at once, to have the powei oi choosmar their officeis, up to
eap:a n, and to leipiiie all above t<> be appointed by the
G.ivrnor, h the oig-nization for the times. Mr. Cunning-
ham, oi the Ilou-e. who i^ put forward bv the committee
to take all the responsibility ot extreme sentimeius, has
openly avowed hi- hahedot demoeiacy in the camp, lie
comideiod the coinmon soldiei ass incapable of an elective
choice, lie an<t others ot hi-* pnitv wase a bitter war
agam t demnci.ie\, ami Indicate an utter want of faith in
the ability ot the people to make propei choice in elections.
"•The party oj po ed to tin-, the'piedominant party, is
o«ten-ibly led in the liou-eby Mr. I\lcGowan,of Abbeville,
and Mr. Moore, of Andetson. Those gentlemen have a
haul fight ot it. The\ i^p;e?enr the democratic sentiments
of the itnal district-, and are in opposition to the Chailes-
ton Clique, whoareun:<'d on h> Cdward Rhett, Thomas Y.
Simmons and 15. II Rhett. jr , of the ('Inn legion Mercury.
The tendencies. 01 the^e uenilemen are all tovvnnN a dicta-
torship, 01 monatchieal louu ol government; at least u ap-
pears so to m\ nnnd, and I find mvself not alone in the
opinion. They fi^ht heart and -oul lor an increase of guber-
natorial power? and on i of thcirnumher, as I have already
Stat-'d, op -nly avows his desire to make the Governor a
mihtaiy chieftain, with sovereign power.'1'—Correspond-
ence oj the Baitihi^re Jlmerican.
Mr.JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Mr. President,
I ha vi* Merely called attention to these surface in-
dications for the pui post; ofsusta tiling the assump-
tion that even the people in the southern States
oujht to consider what kind of government they
are going to pass under, before they change the
pnsent one. We are told that the present Con-
stitution would ho adopted by the new confed-
eracy, and in a short time everything would be
organized under it. We find here other indica-
tions, awl we are told from another quarter that
another character of government is more prefer-
able. We know that, North and South, there is
a portion of our fallow-citizens who are opposed
to a government based on the intelligence and will
of the people. We know that power is always
stealing from the many to the few. We know
that it is always vigilant and on the alert; and
now that we are in a revolution,and greatchanges
are to be made, should we not, as faithful senti-
nels, as men who are made the guardians of the
interests of the Government, look at these indica-
tions and call the attention of the country to them?
Is it not better to
k< Hear those ills we have,
Than fly to others that we know not of?"
We see, by those indications, that it is contem-
plated to establish a monarchy. We see it an-
nounced that this Government has been a failure
from the beginning. How has it been a failure?
Now, in the midst of a revolution, while the peo-
ple arc confuted, while chaos reigns, it is sup-
posed by some that we can be induced to return
to a constitutional or absolute monarchy. Who
can tell that we may not have some Louis Napo-
leon among us, who may be ready to make a
coup d'etat, and enthrone himself upon the rights
and upon the liberties of the people? Who can
tell what kind of government may grow up r
Hence the importance, in advance, of considering
maturely and deliberately before we give up the
old one.
I repeat again that the people of Tennessee will
never pass under another government that is less
republican, less democratic in all its bearings,
than the one under which we now live, I care not
whether it is formed in the North or the South.
Wc will occupy an isolated, a separate andvdis-
tinct position, before we will do it. We will pass
into that fractional condition to which I have
alluded before we will pass under an absolute
or a constitutional monarchy. I do not say that
this is the design North or South, or perhaps of
any but a very small portion; but it shows that
there are some who, if they could find a favorable
opportunity, would fix the description of govern-
ment I have alluded to on the great mass of the
people. Sir, I will stand by the Constitution of
the country as it is, and by all its guarantees. I
am not for breaking up this great Confederacy.
I am for holding on to it as it is, with the mode
and manner pointed out in the instrument for its
own amendment. Itwas good enough for Wash-
ington, for Adams,for Jefferson,and for Jackson.
It is good enough for us. 1 intend to stand by it,
and to insist on a compliance wuh all its guaran-
tees, North and South.
Notwithstanding wc want to occupy the posi-
tion of a breakwater between the northern and
the southern extremes,and bring all together if we
can, I tell our northern friends that the constitu-
tional guarantees must be earned out; for the time
may come when, after we have exhausted all hon-
orable and fair means, if this Government still
fails to execute the laws, and protect us in our
rights, it will be at an end. Gentlemen of the
North need not deceive themselves in that partic-
ular; but we intend to act in the Union and under
the Constitutton, and not out of it. We do not
intend that you shall drive us out of this house
that was reared by the hands of our fathers. It
is our house. It is the constitutional house. Wo
have a right here; and because you come forward
and violate the ordinances of this house, I do not
intend to go out; and if you persist in the violation
of the ordinances of the house, we intend to eject
you from the building and retain the possession
ourselves. We want, if we can, to stay the heated,
and I am compelled to say, according to my judg-
ment, the rash and precipitate action of some of
our southern friends, that indicates red hot mad-
ness. I want to say to those in the North, com-
ply with the Constitution and preserve its guaran-
tees, and in so doing save this glorious Union
and all that pertains to it. I intend to stand by
the Constitution as it is, insisting upon a compli-
ance with all its guarantees. I intend to stand by
it as the sheet anchor of the Government; and I
trust and hope, though it seems to be now in the
very vortex of ruin, though it seems to be running
between Chaiybdis and Scylla, the rock on the
one hand and "the whirlpool on the other, that it
will be preserved, and will remain a beacon to
guide, and an example to be imitated by all the
nations of the earth. Yes, I intend to hold on to
it as the chief ark of our safety, as the palladium
of our civil and our religious liberty, i intend to
cling to it as the shipwrecked mariner clings to
the last plank, when the night and the tempest
close around him. It is the last hope of human
freedom. Although denounced as an experiment
by some who want to sec a constitutional mon-
archy, it has been a successful experiment. I
trust and I hope it will be continued; that this
great work may go on.
Why should we go out of the Union ? Have
we anything to fear? What are we alarmed about?
We say that you of the North have violated the
Constitutionfthat you have trampled underfoot
its guarantees; but we intend to go to you in a
proper way, and ask you to redress the wrong,
and to comply with the Constitution. We believe
the time will come when you will do it, and we
do not intend to breakup the Government until
the fact is ascertained that you will not do it.
Where is the grievance; where is the complaint
that presses on our sister, South Carolina, now?
Is it that she wants to carry slavery into the
Territories; that she wants-projection to staverjf
there? How.long has it been, since, upon thft
very floor, her own Senator® voted that it- was not
necessary to make a statute nnw for the protec-
tion of slavery in the Territories ? No longer ago
than the last session. Is that'a good .reason £
They declared, in the resolutions adopted by the
Senate, that when it was necessary they had thd
power to do it; but that it was not necessary then.
Are you going out for a grievance that has not
occurred, and which your own Senators then.said
had not occurred? is it because you want to
carry slaves to the Territories? You were told
that you had all the protection needed; that the
courts had decided in your behalf, under the Con-
stitution; and that, under the decisions of the
courts, the law must be executed.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the Senator
perhaps correctly, as asserting that any Senator
from South Carolina said that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I said they
voted for the resolution."
Mr. DAVIS. They did not. They voted against
both the resolution and the amendment, and voted
> for the resolution which declared the duty to pro?
tcct.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The duty to
protect now ?
Mr. DAVIS. They did declare the duty to
protect at all times ana in every place, under all
circumstances, wherever protection was needed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. When neces-
sary.
Mr. DAVIS. And I suppose, if the Senator
intends to make a plea on that word, that they
intended to nail to the cross the miserable mis-
creants who would claim protection when it was
not necessary, and shrink from it when it was.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The test was
made before the Senate upon Senator Brown's
proposition to give protection now,
Mr. WIGFALL. It was not. I corrected that
the other day.
Mr, JOHNSON* of Tennessee. Well, yo£t
just corrected it the way it was not—that is all.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpar-
itiCK in the chair.) Does the Senator from Ten-
nessee yield the floor to the Senator from Texas?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No. 1 will
continue my remarks.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, if the Senator chooses
to pervert facts, and go on and publish them in
his speech, I have nothing to say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will publish
them as the records show them to be. I say that
on Senator Brown's proposition to carry protec-
tion into the Territories now, it received but three
votes.
Mr. WIGFALL. I say that never was pro-
posed or voted on.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The record
will settle it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Turntoit. I will read it for
you.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not want
to he interrupted now.
Mr. WIGFALL. I know you do not. You
do not want the facts stated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I know what
the facts were, and in this Senate we voted for the
passage of resolutionsthat Congress had the power
to protect slavery, and that Congress ought to pro-
tect slavery when necessary and wherever protec-
tion was needed. Was there not a majority on
this floor for it; and ifit was necessary then,could
we not have passed a bill for that purpose without
passing a resolution saying that it should be pro-
tected wherever necessary? 1 was here; I know
what the substance of the proposition was, and
the whole of it was simply to declare the princi-
ple that we had the power, and thatit was the duty
of Congress, to protect slaverv when necessary,
in the Territories or wherever else protection was
needed. Was it necessary then? If it was, we
had the power, and why did we not pass the law?
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
make one suggestion?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will noUintcrrupt me. I do not refuse
out of any discourtesy. The Journal of the Sen-
ate records that on the 25th of May last-—
u On motion by Mr. Brown, to amend the resolution by
