m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
striking out all after the word Resolved,' and in lieu thereof
inserting:
" That experience having already shown that the Con-
stitution and the common law, unaided by statutory enact-
ments, do not afford adequate and sufficient protection to
slave property; some of the Territories having failed, oth-
ers having refused; to pass such enactments,.it has become
the duty of Congress to interpose and pass such laws as
will afford to slave property in the Territories that protec-
tion which is given to other kinds of property.
" It was determined in the negative—yeas 3, nays 42.
" On motion by Mr. Brown, the yeas and nays being
desired by one fifth of the Senators present. Those who
voted in the affirmative, are:
" Messrs. Brown, Johnson of Arkansas, and Mallory.
" Those who voted in the negative, are:
"Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cliesmit,
Clark, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, JPearce, Polk,
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slide]), Ten Eyck, Thom-
son, Toombs, Trumbull, Wjgfail, Wilson, and Yulee."
I was going on to say that the want of protec-
tion to slavery in the Territories cannot be con-
sidered a grievance now. That is not the reason
why she is going out, and going to break up the
Confederacy. What is it, then? Is there any
issue between South Carolina and the Federal
Government? Has the FederalGovernmentfailed
to comply with, and to carry out, the obligations
that it owes to South Carolina? In what has the
Federal Government failed ? In what has it neg-
lected the interest of South Carolina ? What law
has it undertaken to enforce upon South Carolina
that is unconstitutional and oppressive?
If there are grievances, why cannot we all go
together, and write them down, and point them
out to our northern friends after we have agreed
on what those grievances were, and say, " here
is what we demand; here our wrongs are enu-
merated; upon these terms we have agreed; and
now, after we have given you a reasonable time
to consider these additional guarantees in order
to protect ourselves against these wrongs, if you
refuse them, then, having made an honorable
effort, having exhausted all other means, we may
declare the association to be broken up, and we
may go into an act of revolution." We can then
say to them, " You have refused to give us guar-
antees that we think are needed for the protection
of our institutions and for the protection of our
other interests." When they do this, I will go
as far as he who goes the furthest.
I tell them here to-day, if they do not do it,
Tennessee will be found standing as firm and
unyielding in her demands for those guarantees
in the way a State should stand, as any other
State in this Confederacy. She is not quite so bel-
ligerent now. She is not making quite so much
noise. She is not as blustering as Sempronius
Was in the council in Addison's play of Cato,who
declared that his" voice was still for war." There
was another character there, Lucius, who was
called upon to know what his opinions were; and
when he was called upon, he replied that he must
confess his thoughts were turned on peace; but
when the extremity came, Lucius, who was de-
liberative, who was calm, and whose thoughts
were upon peace, was found true to the interests
of his country. He proved himself to be a man
and a soldier; while the other was a traitor and a
coward. We will do our duty; we will stand
upon principle, and defend it to the last extrem-
ity.
We do not think, though, that wc have just
cause for going out of the Union now. Wc have
just causc of complaint; but wc are for remaining
in the Union, and fighting the battle like men.
We do not intend to be cowardly, and turn our
backs on our own camps. We intend to stay and
fight the battle here upon this consecrated ground.
Why should wc retreat? Because Mr. Lincoln
has been elected President of the United States ? Is
this any cause why wc should retreat? Does not
every man, Senator or otherwise, know that if
Mr. "Breckinridge had been elected, we should not
be to-day for dissolving the Union? Then what
is the issue ? It is because we have not got our
man. If we had got our man, we should not have
been for breaking up the Union; but as Mr. Lin-
coln is elected, we are for breaking up the Union !
I say no. Let us show ourselves men, and men
of courage.
How has Mr. Lincoln been fleeted,'and how
have Air, Breckinridge and Mr, Douglas been
defeated? By the votes of the American people,
cast according to the Constitution and the forms |
of law, though it has been upon a sectional issue.
It is not the first time in our history that two
candidates have been elected from the same sec-
tion of country. General Jackson and Mr. Cal-
houn were elected on the same ticket; but nobody
considered that cause of dissolution. They were
from the South. While I oppose the sectional
spirit that has produced the election of Lincoln
and Hamlin, yet it has been done according to
the Constitution and according to the forms of
law. I believe we have the power in our own
hands, and I am not willing to shrink from the
responsibility of exercising that power.
How has Lincoln been clected, and upon what
basis does he stand? A minority President by
nearly a million votes;but had the election taken
place upon the plan proposed in my amendment
of the Constitution, by districts, he would have
been this day defeated. But it has been done
according to the Constitution and according to
law. I am for abiding by the Constitution; and
in abiding by it I want to maintain and retain my
place here and put down Mf. Lincoln and drivfc
back his advances upon southern institutions,
if he designs to make any. Have wc not got the
brakes in our hands? Have wc notgot the power?
We have. Let South Carolina send her Senators
back; let all the Senators come; and on the 4th
of March next we shall have a majority of six
in this body against him. This successful sec-
tional candidate, who is in a minority of a mil-
lion , or nearly so, on the popular vote, can not make
his Cabinet on the 4th of March next unless this
Senate will permit him.
Am I to be so great a coward as to x-etreat from
duty? I will stand here and meet the encroach-
ments upon the institutions of my country at the
threshold; and as a r^an, as one that loves my
country and my constituents, 1 will stand here
and resist all encroachments and advances. Here
is the place to stand. Shall I desert the citadel,
and let the enemy come in and take possession?
No. Can Mr. Lincoln send a foreign minister,
or even a consul, abroad, unless he receives the
sanction of the Senate? Can he appoint a post-
master whose salary is over a thousand dollais a
year without the consent of the Senate ? Shall
wo desert our posts, shiink from our responsi-
bilities, and permit Mr. Lincoln to come with his
cohorts, as we consider thein, fiom the North, to
carry off everything? Are we so cowardly that
now that we are defeated, not conquered, we shall
do this? Yes, we arc defeated according to the
forms of law and the Constitution; but the real
victory is ours—the moral force is with us. Are
wc going to desert that noble and that patriotic
band who have stood by us at the North? who
have stood by us upon principle? who have stood
by us upon the Constitution ? They stood by us
and fought the battle upon principle; and now
that we have been defeated, not conquered, arc
we to turn our backs upon them and leave them
to their fate ? I, for one, will not. I intend to
stand by them. How many votes did we get in
the North ? Wc got more votes m the North
against Lincoln than the entire southern States
cast. Arc they not able and faithful allies? They
are; and now, on account of this temporary de-
feat, are we to turn our backs'upon them and
leave them to their fate, as they have fallen for us
in former controversies ?
We find, when all the North is summed up,
that Mr. Lincoln's majority there is only about
two hundred thousand on the popular vote; and
when thru js added to the othervote cast through-
out the Union, he stands to-day in a minority of
nearly a million votes. What, then, is neces-
sary to be done? To stand to our posts like men,
and act upon principle; stand for the country;
and in four years from this day, Lincoln and his
administration will be turned out, the worst-de*
feated and broken-down party that ever came
into power. It is an inevitable result from the
combination of elements that now exist. What
cause, then, is thereto breakup the Union? What
reason is there for deserting ourposts and destroy-
ing this greatest and best Government that was
ever spoken into existence?
I voted against him; I spoke against him; I
spent my money to defeat him; but still I love
my country; I love the Constitution; I intend to
insistunon its guarantees. There,and there alone,
I intend to plant myself, with the confident hope
and belief that if the Union remains together, in ;
less than four years the now triumphant party
will be overthrown. In less time, I have the hope
and belief that we shall unite and agree upon our
grievances hero and demand their redress, not as
suppliants at the footstool of power, but as par*
ties to a great compact; we shall say that wc want
additional guarantees, and that they are necessary
to the preservation of this Union; and then, when
they are refused deliberately and calmly, if we
cannot do better, let the South go together, and
let the North go together, and let us have a divis-
ion of this Government without the shedding of
blood, if such a thing be possible; let us have a
division of the property; let us have a division of
the Navy; let us have a division of the Army,
and of the public lands. Let it be done in peace,
and in a spirit that should characterize and dis-
tinguish this people. I believe we can obtain all
our guarantees. I believe there is too much good
sense, too much intelligence, too much patriot-
ism, too much capability, too much virtue, in the
great mass of people to permit this Government
to be overthrown.
I have an abiding faith, I have an unshaken
confidence in man's capability to govern himself.
I will not give up this Government that is now
called an experiment, which some are prepared
to abandon for n constitutional monarchy. No;
I intend to stand by it, and I entreat every man
throughout the nation who is a patriot, and who
has seen, and is compelled to admit, the success
of this great experiment, to come forward, not in
heat, not in fanaticism, not in haste, not in pre-
cipitancy, but in deliberation, in full view of all
that is befote us, in the spirit of brotherly love
and fraternal affection, and rally around the altar
of our common country, and lay the Constitution
upon itas ourlast libation, andswear by our God,
and all that is sacred and holy, that the Consti-
tution shall be saved, and the Union preserved.
Yes, in the language of the departed Jackson, let
us exclaim that the Union, " the Federal Union,
it must be preserved."
Are we likely, when we get to ourselves, North
and South, to sink into brotherly love? Are we
likely to be so harmonious in that condition as
some suppose? What did wefind here the other
day among our brother Senators, one of whom
referred to a southern Governor? I allude to it
only to show the feeling that exists even among
ourselves. I am sometimes impressed with the
force of Mr. Jefferson's remaik, that we may as
well keep the North to quarrel with, for if we have
no North to quarrel with, we shall quarrel among
ourselves. We are a sort of quarrelsome, pug-
nacious people; and if we cannot get a quarrel
from one quarter, we shall have it from another;
and I would rather quarrel a little now with the
North than bo quarreling with ourselves. Because
the Governor of a southern State was refusing to
convene the Legislature to hasten this movement
that was going on throughout the South; and be-
cause he objected to that course of conduct, what
did a Senator say here in the American Senate?
The question was asked if there was not some
Texan Brutus that would rise upand rid the coun-
try of the hoary-headed traitor! This is the lan-
guage that a Senator used. This is the way wc
begin to speak of southern Governors. Y^s; to
remove an obstacle in our way, we must have a
modern Brutus who will go to the capital of a
State and assassinate a Governor to accelerate the
movement that is going on. If we are so unscru-
pulous in reference to ourselves, and in reference
to the means we are willing to employ to con-
summate this dissolution, then it does not look
very much like harmony among ourselves after
we get out of it.
Mi. President, I have said much more than I
anticipated when I commenced: and I have said
more now (though external appearances seem
different) than I have strength or health to say;
but if there is any effort of mine that would pre-
serve this Government till there is time to think,
till there is time to consider, even if it cannot be
preserved any longer; if that end could be secured
by making a sacrifice of my existence and offer-
ing up my blood, I would be willing to consent
to it. Lotus pause in this madcareei; h t us hes-
Jtate; let us consider well what we are doing be-
fore wc make a movement. I believe that, to a
certain extent, dissolution is going to uko pi.tee,
I say to the North, you ought to come up in the
spirit which should characterize and control the
