1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
of said volunteers for horses, arms, and other property lost
or destroyed in said service, shall be audited and settled
according to the act approved the 3d of March, 1649.
The House bill provides that—
For the payment of claims for services, supplies, trans-
portation, &c.,incurred in the maintenance ot said volun-
teers, $2,250,000 to be paid upon the principle, and agree-
ably to the rates for services, supplies, transportation, &c.,
allowed and reported by the Third Auditor of the Treasury
in his aforesaid report of the 7th of February, 1860: Pro-
vided, That said Auditor be, and lie hereby is, authorized
and dhected, whenever, in his opinion, the evidence m
support of any claim for services, supplies, transportation,
or otherwise, is not sufficient to establish such claim, or
where he may have doubts as to the genuineness thereof,
to require additional and satisfactory proof touching such
claim, or the vaiue of the services rendered, or supplies
furnished, before reporting such claim for settlement and
payment as herein directed: And provided further, That
no compensation shall be made for the services of any per-
son in more than one capacity for the same time; and all
payments made in pursuance of this act shall be received
in full satisfaction and discharge of the claims upon which
they are made.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all claims for
horses or other property lost or destroyed in said service
shall be settled according to the act approved the 3d of
March, 1849, providing for payment for hoises or other
property lost or destroyed in the military service of the
united States.
Now, sir, I want to satisfy the committee of the
impropriety of adopting, at this time, the action
of the Third Auditor as final and conclusive in
the settlement of these claims, as the Committee
on Military Affairs seem inclined to. And in
doing so, I will call the attention of the committee
to the fact that the Third Auditor, in his report,
has stated to the House that lie had not sufficient
evidence to determine whether or-not he lias ar-
rived at a correct conclusion; and that his means
of information were quite limited. If that be so,
as he states—and that there may be no mistake,
1 refer gentlemen to the report itself-—I say it is
unjust upon the part of this House to take the
report of the Third Auditor as conclusive against
lhet>e claimants, lie says in this repoit, which
the committee desire to make conclusive against
my constituents:
" If, therefore, it shall appear that my action has b^en in
any degiee erroneous, m consequence of want of peisomil
knowledge ot the subject, or ot lull and leliable data, my
apology iiiuct be found in the fact that *<*uous difficultly
suirounded many points necessary to be investigated in
order to airive at correct conclusion*, and that the means
of obtaining Intoimation at my command were voiy lim-
ited."
Here, then, is an admission upon the part of
the Third Auditor that the means of obtaining
correct testimony in relation to these claims, weie
limited. Now, the Committee on Military Affairs
propose to make that report final and conclusive
in reference to these claims. That is, m other
words, that no claim shall be allowed for a greater
amount than is fixed by the Third Auditor, not-
withstanding the Third Auditor, according to his
own admission, fixed those amounts without a
full knowledge of all the facts of the ease.
Now, what we desire is, that under the Senate
bill, this matter may be left in such a position
that the claims may be audited at the Treasury
Department when they are presented; and that if
there is not sufficient evidence before theTieas-
ury Department, as the papers now stand, to sat-
isfy the Department that the claims should be
allowed in the piesent form, they may take further
testimony, and allow such amount as they arc
satisfied is due, in addition to thatallowed by the
Third Auditor; and that if they find the Thud
Auditor was correct, the Department will allow
what the Third Auditor has allowed.
But a further injustice in this bill is this: it pro-
vides that, while the report of the Third Auditor
shall bo conclusive as against all, for as a larger
sum than the Auditor allows is concerned, yet
the Thud Auditor may, m his discietion, take
testimony to reduce the amount which he has
aheady, in his report, declared that these men are
entitled to, with no discretion to increase the
amount, though, upon further examination, he
shall find that they are justly entitled to a larger
amount. Now, the Senate bill will leave the mat-
ter entirely open; and while he can take testimony,
the effect of which shall be to reduce the amount,
he can also take testimony which will show that
the parties are entitled to more than he lias re-
ported as due them, and allow them accordingly.
I had desired, when this bill shou'd be consid-
ered, to be able to take up the consideration of
some of the important charges which have been
nnde against my immediate constituents in rela-
tion tu tins matter; and were it not so near the
close of the session, and important measures now
pending before Congress, I should really hope for
a careful attention while I discuss these questions.
The gentleman from Ohio has suggested that, in
the report of the commission appointed to exam-
ine these claims, the Third Auditor found several
errors. Now, I take it upon myself to state that
the Third Auditor was mistaken in his view of
the matter when he said he had found errors; but
the mere fact that he had not the testimony be-
fore him upon which to determine these cases, is
the reason why he arrived at the conclusion that
there were errors in the report. For instance: the
gentleman from Ohio has said that some persons
were allowed double and triple pay for services
during the war. That is an error. So far as Ore-
gon is concerned—and I speak more particularly
for her now, because Washington is represented
here by a gentleman upon this floor more familiar
with all these matters than myself—I can show
that it is not the case that triple or double pay
has been allowed in any case referred to by the
Third Auditor; and the gentleman's supposition
that it is so, grows out of the fact that he had no
testimony by which to determine whether he was
right or wrong.
It is true it appears that some individual has
been allowed for personal services as volunteer,
and, at the same time, has been allowed monthly
pay for transporting troops and military stores
for the Government upon his ferry. And this,
the Third Auditor says, is his evidence of double
pay upon the part of the commissioners. Now,
the individual to whom it is alleged this double
pay was allowed was in the militia, was in the
active service in the field, and at the same time
owned a ferry. His hired men conducted the
business of the ferry, and did the business though
the vouchers do not show that more than one man
was engaged in it; and the commissioners, when
they audited the claim, knew perfectly well the
condition of matters, and therefore reported in
favor of it. 1 might go on and allude to all the
objections of this kind raised by the report.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman whether this same man was not receiving
a rent of $1:00 a month from the Government for
his ferry at the same time.
Mr. STOUT. No, sir. You refer, I suppose,
to the case of the Dalles.
Mr. STANTON. Yos, sir.
Mr. STOUT. I will leave that matter to the
consideration of the gentleman from Washington
Territory; but I will simply say that this case is
susceptible of the same explanation that I have
given to these other cases in relation to ferrying.
The gentleman from Ohio insists that the Sen-
ate bill discriminates as between personal services
and supplies furnished; and that the bill gives a
preference in favor of those who furnished sup-
plies over those who were engaged in the military
service. In that the gentleman is entirely mis-
taken. It is true that the bill only provides for
paying those engaged in actual military services
according to rates allowed in the regular Army,
j The Senate bill, in fact* proposes to allow solely
| and simply what the Federal Government was
I paying at that time; and the bill says,m so many
| words, that when these claims shall be presented
' at the Treasury Department, and audited, the
j Secretary of the Treasury may inquire into this
| matter; leaving the accounts, where there is no
! contract to be settled, as in the regular service,
| Then I say that the gentleman is in error in re-
j gard to the character of the Senate bill.
So far as personal services are concerned, I
wish the committee and my constituents to un-
derstand that I have never willingly consented
that the pay of the volunteers in the Indian wars
: in Oregon shall be put down to the pay of troops
, in the regular service. I look upon it as most
i gioss injustice to the people I represent. Many
| of them, at the time they volunteered and went
into the regular service, I know left occupations
* where they were making from three to five dol-
! lars per day; and here they are allowed only the
j amount paid the regular service. So far, then, as
i that portion cither of the House bill or of the Sen-
• ate bill is concerned, I am notatall satisfied with
: it; and I have used all my efforts, before the com-
! mittee and with members of the House, to have
1 the provision changed so that the payment might
' be increased reasonably m proportion to the
; wages allowed for other services in that State.
So far as the prices allowed for transportation
and supplies are concerned, as the gentleman from
Ohio did not allude to any particular class of prices
or any particular articles, it will not be necessary
for me to refer to that. It is enough for this com-
mittee to know that all these matters will be passed
upon by the Treasury Department, where con-
tracts have not been made and entered into by the
Government. "Where contracts were made in good
faith with individuals, and they, under these con-
tracts, furnished supplies, the Government ought
to pay the amount provided by the contracts; and
the gentleman from Ohio admits that the territo-
rial government ought to do it. W ell, now, when
he admits that the territorial government ought
to pay contract prices or whatever the Federal
Government fails to pay$ then he virtually admits
that the Federal Government ought to pay them,
because we are entitled to protection from the Fed-
eral Government; and if we are entitled to a part
of this, then we are entitled to all. All we are
legally bound for, the Federal Government is
legally bound for. We are as much entitled to
protection from the ravages and hostile attacks of
Indians as if it had been the British forces that
attacked us. There is no distinction whatever—•
and none has ever been made in the case of other
States, for whose benefit measures similar to this
have been passed.
Mr. Chairman, I know that this claim is one
to understand which much time and investigation
are required. I do not expect that many mem-
bers of the committee have bestowed as much
investigation upon thismatteras I have, or as the
Committee on Military Affairs have; but I do
desire that they shall hesitate long before they do
the people I represent the injustice which is pro-
posed in this House bill as against the Senate bill.
The Committee on Military Affairs will do me
the justice to say that while I have consented to
take the Senate bill, I have protested against the
injustice of it, and have insisted that the report
of the commission appointed by the Government
and sent here to audit these claims ought to be
taken as final and conclusive against the Federal
Government. You sent your commission there,
composed of two officers of the Army and one
citizen, and directed them to examine into this
matter, and find out the amount that was due.
Those men went there. Two of them—one an
officer in the military service, and the other a cit-
izen—were resident m the Territory when the
war took place, and they knew from personal
knowledge much about it. They went on, in ac-
cordance with the act of Congress, and examined
this matter. They determined the amount that
was due and reported it to the Secretary of War.
The Secretary of War examined this report and
sent it to this House, recommending the payment
of the amount found to be due; and now you pro-
pose to go behind that action and reduce the
amount more than one half. I say that m doing
so, you are doing gross injustice to the people I
represent.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman from Ore-
gon permit me to put an interrogatory to him ?
Mr. STOUT. With pleasure.
Mr. HASKIN. What Secretary of War re-
commended as he has stated5 and what will be
the total sum paid out of the Treasury if this bill
passes ?
Mr. STOUT. The total sum to be paid out of
the Treasury, if the Senate bill passes, will be
between three and four million dollars. That
will be the total sum. The amount reported by
the commission is a little over six million dollars.
But we now propose, as a last resort, to save
some of our citizens, creditors of the Govern-
ment, from bankruptcy, and because we have
not been able to get justice, as we believe, from
this Congress, to take the Senate bill, which lias
reduced the amount nearly one half; but, on the
back of that, the House committee propose to
reduce even that.
Mr. HASKIN. What Secretary of War rec-
ommended it?
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Davis recommended it, as
well as Mr. Floyd. Mr. Davis first recommended
it, and spoke of the war as one in which the whites
were unfoitunately, yet neccssaiily, involved.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is it just to my people,
who, two or three years ago, were told by a com-
mission appointed by this Government that they
were entitled to a certain amount, to cut down
