1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that amount more than a hundred per cent. ? Is it
just on the part of this Congress towards them ?
Most certainly it is not; and I know thatno mem-
ber of this committee, who has taken the pains
to investigate this matter carefully, divested of
prejudice, will be willing to vote for the House bill.
This, bill, as I have said, is one which it takes
much time and trouble to investigate; but I have
taken every pains to call the attention of members
to it, that they might investigate it and understand
it before I asked them to vote for it. I did not
want any member of the House to act simply upon
my statement; and hence I have taken pains at
all times to furnish them with what I believe to
be correct information in relation to it, so that
they might act understandingly.
Mr. Chairman, all I ask for my people, in this
matter or any other, is justice at the hands of
Congress; and I must say that, if you refuse to
pay this claim, or if you adopt the House bill,
and refuse to give us the Senate bill, you will be
guilty of an act of the grossest injustice—though,
I admit, unintentional—that Congress has ever
been guilty of.
Many of our people went to Oregon when the
title of that country was in dispute between Great
Britain and the United States, and the very fact
that our people occupied the territory was used
as an argument in favor of our right to the coun-
try by those who had the adjustment of the ques-
tion, on the part of the United States, in their
hands, and had very much to do in settling the
question. Aslongagoas 1838,Mr.Cushingstated,
in a report to this House from the Committee of
Commerce, that that country now known as the
State of Oregon and the Territory of Washing-
ton had even then been the source of many hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars to this Government,
and it has gone on increasing in importance rapidly
since that time. It is true that the Government
has not yet received any benefit from Oregon and
Washington, so far as the public lands are con-
cerned; but I call the attention of the committee
to the fact that there are, to-day, in the State of
Oregon and the Territory of Washington nearly
one hundred and fifty million acres of public lands
yet unoccupied.
The title to much of these lands has been ex-
tinguished, either by that war or by treaties made
subsequently to it; and one result of this loss of
life and property incurred in that war has been
to add to the public lands of the Federal Govern-
ment. Out of one hundred and fifty million acres
of public lands, at least ^50,000,000 worth will
be broughtinto market within afewyears. Their
location, and the condition of Oregon in regard to
inducements to emigration, are such that these
lands must be soon brought into market, and
become, in a few years, a source of considerable
revenue. When that day comes, and when our
commercial relations shall become of a more im-
portant character than they now are, public atten-
tion will be turned to Oregon, and the General
Government will be more ready to look after her
interests. I trust, Mr. Chairman, that even to-
day the interests of Oregon will not be overlooked
or disregarded by Congress. For my own part,
I will not bring myself to believe that this com-
mittee will show itself indifferent to the interests
of a people who, though removed at a far dis-
tance from the capital, are still apart of their own
kindred, and about whom they know little, ex-
cept what they learn from their Representatives
on this floor. I will not believe the committee
will show itself so indiffeient to the rights and
interests of this people as to vote down this just
and proper measure. I now appeal to them in
behalf of their own friends and kindred, who
have gone out from among them to the far-distant
West, to the Pacific coast, and who have settled
that country, conquered the Indian, and reduced
the valleys to cultivation; I appeal to them, in
the name of those persons, to come up to-day and
do them justice. If you vote against this bill, if
you refuse what we ask at this time, you will be
denying justice to your own kindred and friends
as well as my constituents; because, while they
are my constituents, it is but a few years since
they went out from among you And they who
did thus go out from amongyou constituted your
best citizens, your most daring and industrious
citizens* and those who are most deserving of
any favors which this Government can bestow
upon its people.
This bill is, in my judgment, a more important
measure than some have seemed to consider it;
and I trust that thecommittee will,notwithstand-
ing the fact that other seemingly more important
measures demand their time and consideration, di-
vest themselves temporarily of care for those ques-
tions, give to this matter a fair, candid considera-
tion , and mete out equal justice to the people whom
I represent.
I wish further to say, Mr. Chairman, that since
this matter has been made a special order, a gen-
tleman from Oregon, the Hon. J. W. Nesmith,
United States Senator elect from that State, has ar-
rived here, and at the request of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] has made to him
a written statement in regard to some facts con-
nected with this matter. This Mr. Nesmith was
commissioner of Indian affairs. He was a colonel
in command of the regiment which went to the
Walla-Walla country in 1855-56, and was familiar
with all the circumstances connected with this mat-
ter. So much confidence had the Government in
him on account of his transactions at that time,
that immediately after the close of the war he was
appointed superintendent of Indian affairs for the
Territories ofOregon and Washington. With the
consent of the gentleman from Illinois, I desire
that that letter from Mr.Nesmith shall be presented
and read to the committee, for it makes a clear and
concise statement of many facts which it will be
interesting for thecommittee to know.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Oregon has referred to a communication received
by myself from a distinguished citizen of Oregon,
a member elect of the Senate from that State. It
contains a very clear and precise statement of the
case, and one which I think it would be proper
for the committee to hear. I therefore send it up
to be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, D. C., February 20, 1661.
Dear Sir: 1 doire to submit to your consideration the
following brief statement ol tact?, relative to the Oregon
war debt, for the payment of winch there is a bill now7 pend-
ing before the Hou^e ot Kepre^enlatives. As the limits of
an ordinary letter will not permit the piesentatiou of the
subject in exltnso, 1 shall confine myself to the condensa-
tion merely of a few simple facts, upon which, as I con-
sider, the justice of the claims of the people of Oregon
mainly depends
Causes of the War.—During the summer of 1855, the va-
rious tribes of Indians inhabiting Oregon and Washington
Territories began to manifest a disposition of hostility to
the whites, and peipetrated several murders of ourcitizens
in southern Oregon. During the same summer, parties who
were attempting to reach the mines from Puget Sound, in
Washington Territory, were attacked in the Yakima coun-
try. and a Mr. Mattice, with others, was murdered, while
passing through that country, by the Yakima Indians. Re-
poits oi these outi ages i caching the eai-s of Indian s-ub-agent
Colon, who was stationed at the Dalles of the Columbia,
and east of the Cascade mountains, lie went to the Yakima
country, alone and unarmed, for the purpose of instituting
an inquiry in relation to the reported outrages ; but he was
seized by the Indians and mutdered in the most brutal man-
ner. Upon the receipt of the repoit of Colon's muider at
the Dalles, Major Raines, 4th Iniantty United States Auny,
then stationed at the Dalles, and m command of the dis-
trict, dispatched Major llaller, with a small command ol
United States troops, to the Yakima country to ascertain
the facts m the ease. Major Haller had penetrated only
about seventy miles into the Indian country when, near the
Atanaham, he was suddenly sunounded bv an overwhelm-
ing force of Indiana in wai costume; and who, without a
parley, at once commenced a most destructive fire upon his
command. Without detailing the incidents of the battle—
a full report of which can be found. I presume, at the War
Oftice—suffice it to say, that the Major suffered the loss of
one fourth of his command, m killed and wounded; and
only made good his retreat by a manifestation of eouiage
and intrepidity laiely equaled, and nevei excelled, in the
face of an enemy so superior in point of numbers!. When
the news of Major Waller's defeat became generally known
m our settlements, a degree ot consternation" prevailed
which can only be understood or appieeiatcd by a sparse
frontier population, surrounded on almost all sides by a.sav-
age enemy, and with no succor near. Major Raines at once
called upon the Governors of Oregon and Washmgton Ter-
ritories tor a volunteer force. The citizens of both the^e
Territories promptly res-ponded to the call of an officer of
their country, in a manner eieditable to their patriotism
and characteristic of the pioneer of our fiontieis. Owing,
however, to a repugnance on the part of our citizens to being
subjected to the rigid rules of the regular service, they de-
clined being mustered Into service under offiecis of the reg-
ular Airny, but were willing to peril their lives m the de-
fense of their country, under the command of officers of
their own selection. ' The state of war then existing, and
threatening the destruction of our settlements, lett no timj
for our people to investigate the power under which our
various officers acted. They were satisfied that an emer-
gency existed which called for their >ei vices, and these they j
piomptly rendered m prosecuting an aiduous winter cam- ■
paign, and furnishing the requisite supplies to keep troops
m the field.
Shortly after hostilities had commenced east of the Cas-
cade mountains, the powerful tubes of the south took up
arms and devastated a large portion ot Rogue river and Cow
creek valleys, in southern Oregon. The united tribes on
Puget Sound, at about the same time, imitated the sanguin-
ary acts of their southern brethren in Oregon, and within
the space of one short month, the whole of Oregon and
Washington Territories became involved in a relentless
and sanguinary war. Without wearying you with the de-
tails of the many savage barbarities peipetrated upon our
people, I will content myself with stating, that the Gov-
ernors of Oregon and Washington Territories, both gen-
tlemen of character, and representing the United Stares
Government, invested, by the acts organizing their respect-
ive Territories, with power as commander-in-chief of the
militia, did give their official sanction and their individual
energies to the prosecution of the war.
On the 18th day of August, 1656, the subject was brought
before Congress, and that body authorized the appointment
of a board of commissioners to investigate and report upon
the liabilities contracted. The board selected consisted of
Captain Rufus Ingalis, quartermaster's department, Uni-
ted States Array, and Captain A. J. Smith, first dragoons,
both officers of character and experience, having served a
long time on the Pacific coast, and being stationed there
during the war, were familiar with its merits and the
character of the claims which grew out of it. The other
member of the commission was Hon. L. F. Grover, who
had rendered personal service during the war, and whose
long residence in Oregon made him familiar also with all
that pertained to its prosecution. This commission, se-
lected by the Government, and acting under their solemn
oaths, found, after a careful and full investigation of the
matter, that there was due to the people of Oregon and
Washington the sum of $5,931,424 78. On the 8th day of
February, 18.38, Congi ess referred the accounts to the Third
Auditor of the United States Treasury, for reexamination.
His report bears date February 7,1860, and it does great in-
justice to our people. Profoundly ignorant of the causes
which led to the war, and appaiently knowing nothing of
the difficulties of its prosecution, he seems to have ex-
hausted his energies in hunting up objections to the allow-
ance of a just claim. The dignity ot the Auditor's office
seems to have been lost sight of, in pettifoggingaeaseinfa-
vor ofthe Government, and against thehonest citizens who
prosecuted a defensive war. The fallacies ofthe Auditor's
report have been fully exposed by Mr. Stevens, of Wash-
ington,and Grover, of Oregon.
The bill which lias passed the Senate, and is now pend-
ing before the House, provides for the appropriation of
§3,400,000, and m order to piotect the Government against
fiauds, provides for another examination of the accounts
by the Treasury Department. In conclusion, I desire to
condense the whole matter in the following propositions :
1. The war bad its origin, not in any fault of our citi-
zens, but m the aggressions of the Indians.
2. The civil ami the military officers of the Government
recognized the war in a variety of public acts.
3. Congress gave a public recognition of it in the aj>-
pointment of a commission to audit its claims or accounts.
4. Allegiance and protection being recognized as recipro-
cal, and under our Government, where it fails to protect a
community, that community is entitled to indemnification
for expenses incurred m obtaining the protection due to
them from the General Government.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. NESMITH.
Hon. John A. McClernand, House of Representatives,
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, I am ad-
monished, Mr. Chairman, by the latenessof the
hour, to make my remarks exceedingly brief.
I have had occasion at a previous Congress to
address the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on this question; and I would say
nothing at the present time, were 1 not of the
opinion that a few remarks in regard to some
questions not touched upon would be pertinent.
It will be borne in mind by those gentlemen who
were members of the last Congress, that when
this matter was referred to the Third Auditor
for a report, the Delegates from Oregon and Wash-
ington—Oregon still being a Territory—protested
against such reference, on the ground that it was
not possible for any gentleman in an office in this
city to give to the subject the investigation it re-
quired. Nevertheless, the House referred the
matter to the Third' Auditor. We find that_ the
Third Auditor was himself conscious of his ina-
bility to examine it properly, and he applied to
Congress for an appropriation to enable .him to
send trustworthy gentlemen to those Territories
to investigate the matter on the spot. We have
had the report ofthe Thud Auditor,and wc find
from that report conclusive and overwhelming
evidence of the necessity of an examination on the
very theater where the military operations were
carried on. We find running: through this report
constant proofs that the Auditor himself was in
doubt about his conclusions, and that he is con-
stantly referring to such evidence as he has, as
though it were incomplete and insufficient.
What, sir, was the necessity of this reference
to an officer in this city, when Congress had the
report ofthe commissioners who"had made their
examination on the ground ? Did gentlemen doubt
the integrity of these commissioners ? Was it be-
lieved that these commissioners were m the inter-
est of the claimants either in Oregon or Washing-
ton ? Sir, no allegation of the kind has ever been
made. They were men who had the confidence
