144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
entitled to any powers not given by the said Constitution ;
butbuch clauses are to be construed either as exceptions
to certain specified powers, or as inserted merely forgreater
caution."
Now, I would ask the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, if the time lias not arrived when these
States ought to resume the powers conferred on
a Federal Government; or if it has not, I should
like to know when the time can come. At any
rate, the States think that the time bus arrived";
and if they choose to act, 1 am sure that he will
think better than to go down and to force them to
remain in this Union. What would he do with
them if he were to conquer them ? Hold them as
subjects? Hold a State as a colony, her people
as vassals? He would not hang the State, he
says, but he would hang ail the people in it, leav-
ing, I suppose, the soil within its limits unpun-
ished.
Then, he talked to us long about the whisky
insunection, and showed what Washington did.
The whisky insurrection was a very different
tiling from the solemn act of a sovereign State.
It had no relevancy to the action of a sovereign
State, acting in her sovereign capacity for the
redress of her wrongs—tedress that she cannot
obtain in the Union. There is no parallel. It is
not a case in point; and I wonder that he would
talk about it. These are sovereign States. They
have an equal right in the Territories; and they
have cause to act, in my honest judgment. Delay
is sometimes dangerous. Ruinous results some-
times follow from it.
But, sir, understand me; I am not a disunion-
ist. 1 am for the right, and I would have it in
the Union; and if it cannot be obtained there, I
would go out of the Union, and have that out of
the Union that I could not obtain in it, though I
was entitled to it.
Now, is there no cause for the action of these
States ? Let us look at it for a moment. Let us
examine the case u little, and then I will follow
the Senator a little furthei. I want to notice some
points he made.
In the late canvass, as I stated in the outset, the
issue was that presented to the Senate in the res-
olutions offered by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] The principlesofthose
resolutions were stricken down,and Mr. Lincoln
was elected. I propose to look at his views very
i briefly, and see whether the States have not some
' little reason for alarm, or cause of action, if you
please. I take it, they arc going to act anyhow,
whether we please or not; and whethei 1 approve
their action or not, I pledge my word that 1 will
never draw my sword to strike them down for
exercising a right of a sovereign State—a right
secured by the adoption of the Constitution to the
members of this Confederacy. The gentleman
who has been elected President of the United States
is a stranger to me personally; I have never had
the pleasure of seeing him; but I have seen his
opinions, and I will read what he said in the some-
what recent canvass with the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] I take it, he was
pretty closely pressed in that struggle, and I will
make some allowance; for he has said nearly the
same thing over on several different occasions.
He said:
" f did not even say that I desired that slavery should be
put in course of ultimate extinction, f do say so now. how-
ever, so there need be no longer auv difficulty about th.it.
It may be written down in the grcat'speech." * *
i: I have always hated slavery, [ th nk, as much as any
Abolitionist, i have been an old line Whip:. I havcalwa>s
hated it; but I have always been quiet about it until this
new era of the introduction of the Nebraska hill bosun. I
always believed that everybody was against it, and that it
was in course of ultimate extinction." * -v *
"We are now far into the fifth year since a policy was
initiated with the avowed object and confident promise of
putting an end to slavery agitation. Under the operation of
that policy, that agitation has not only not ceased, but has
constantly augmented. Jn my opinion, it will not cease
until a crisis shall have been reached and passed. 4A house
divided against itself cannot stand.' T believe this Govern-
ment cannot endure permanently halt slave and half free.
I do not expect the Union to be dissolved'*—
Neither docs the Senator from Tennessee—
—" I do not expect the house to fall; but 1 do expect it will
cease to be divided: it will become all one thing or all the
Other Either the opponents of slavery will anon the fur-
ther spiead of it, and place it wheje the pnbhe mind --hall
rest in the belief that it h m the cour.se of ultimate extinc-
tion, or in advocates will pu->b it fotw.tid till it Uktli be-
come alike I.uvfiW m ail tho State.:, old a? well new,
JVorth as wejj a^ South."
Now, is there any mistaking this language? Is
there any mistaking the idea that was running
through Mr. Lincoln's head when he uttered these
words? That is not all. He said, on another oc-
casion, during the same canvass, in explanation
of this language:
<£ [ only said what I expected would take place. I made
a prediction only; it may have been a foolish one, perhaps.
1 did not even say that 1 desued that slavery should be put
in cour-e of ultimate extinction. I do now, however ; iso
there need be no longer any difficulty about that."
" If I were in Congress, and a vote should come up on
a question whether slaveiy should be prohibited in a new
Territory, in spite of the Dred Wcott decision, I would vote
that it should."
Then, .sir, in spite of right, in spite of the Con-
stitution, in spite of the decision of the Supreme
Court, he would vote that slavery should be pro-
hibited inthcTcrritories. Would you believe such
a man as that on his oath ? Could you believe that
a man who could hold that doetiinc would be held
by his oath? I would not; not a bit of it. I would
not trust a man that can defy the Constitution;
that can trample upon the rights of the States;
that can say that he disregards the opinion or de-
cision of the Supreme Court; that he would not
respect it; and that, though he had taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States
in the discharge of his duty as a member of Con-
gress, he would vote against the light of these
States in the common Territories. 1 ask, then,
have not the southern States a right to feel con-
cern f Have they fiot a right to feel apprehensive
as to the course of the party that was represented
the other day by the honoiable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who said in his place that
slavery should never go on one other inch of the
territory of this country. Can they mistake this
thing? A majotity of the people of the North
have decided that it shall not. Their President
says it shall not, and their Senators say it shall
not. Then how can the States, I would ask the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, expect m this
Union to get their lights when they are m a minor-
ity? What power have they to secure them? Aie
they to stay here and fight for them ? lie says
this is the place to win them. Will Ik; do it against
an overwhelming majority ? Did ever a minority
in legislation succeed in passing the laws of the
land? "Rarely indeed, if ever.
Dut, sirf 1 have not yet presented Mr. Lincoln Js
whole recoid. in the same .speech from which I
last quoted, he said:
" What J rlo r<ay is, that no man i- good enough toaovei n
another man without the othei man*.- consent. 1 s.iy tin*
is the leading prnicip)-*, the sheet anchor of Ammean re-
publicanism. Our Ueclai.uion of independence says :
We hold these truths to be self-evident—that all men
are crcatfd equal ; that they are endowed by then Cieator
with certain inalienable right-; that anions; these a c life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these
right*, governments arc instituted among men, deiiving
their just power from the consent of the governed.'
"I have quoted so much at this time merely to show,
that according to our ancient faith, the powers of govern-
ment are dcnvi-d from the consent of the governed. Now,
the i elation of master awd «lave is, piotanto^n violation of
this principle. The master not only governs the slave with-
out his consent, but he governs him by a set of jules alto-
gether difl'eientfioin those \\ hieh he picserihe-s forhmiself.
Allow all the governed an equal voice in the Government;
and that, and that only, is sell-government."
And it is remarkable that while Mr. Lincoln
does not want to govern negroes without their
consent, both he and the Senator from Tennessee
are for governing sovereign States of white men
without their consent.
Mr. Lincoln, it is perceived, wants negro equal-
ity. He wants to place the negro on an equality
with the white man. He wants the northern
States to have negro citizens as well as white;
and to render those States the rulers of the south-
ern States, because they will not have negroes for
their citizens.
But, sir, I want to return to the view of the Sena-
tor from Tennessee for a moment. He spoke of
the price of the acquisitions of territory down
South, and he spoke particularly of Florida. He
looked af it as a matter of dollars and cents, never
at principle, never at right; but he counted what
it had cost, and what it had cost us to turn a few
Indians out of there; and now he says the people
in that State, that cost so much, are complaining,
because, he ought to have said, they could not
have the rights to which they are entitled under
the Constitution. Then he is concerned about
the navigation of the Mississippi l iver. He says
the.t the great Stat' <-f Tennessee and he, himself,
are concerned about the navigation of that river.
I believe it is recognized as the law of nations,as
the law of all civilized nations, that a great inland
sea running through several Governments shall
be open equally to all of them; and besides, as
the honorable Senator from Louisiana said, there
is no man in Louisiana that would think for a
moment of depriving Tennessee of the right of
navigating that great river. No, sir, nor Ken-
tucky either, nor Indiana, nor Illinois, nor any
other State whose waters flow into that mighty
stream. No such thing would ever be done. On
the contrary, if they should go out of the Union—
and that is not a matter for me to decide—I am
sure that comity and good faith and proper regu-
lations would exist and prevail between them and
all the powers owning territory upon that great
river.
Indeed, sir, if a dissolution of this Union shall
take place, 1 look to the day when every one of
those great northwestern States shall become a
portion of that southern confederacy. They will
not remain with that portion of this country that
has agitated this question in season and out of
season, in the school-house, and in the church,
until they have poisoned the northern mind. I
have no idea that they will remain with the people
that have brought so much trouble on so great a
country as this. They would say, " you of the
South have never attempted to encroach on the
lights of any northern State; you have never said
that a State shall not come in without slavery;
you have always voted to bring in free States;
you have been just in all things; you have stood
by the Constitution, and we can risk you; but
we cannot risk these agitators and fanatics who
have brought all this trouble upon the land."
Sir. if dissolution comes, it will come for reason;
it will come for right; and if dissolution takes
place, who would use force or talk about force in
this country ? Who is the man hardy enough to
inaugurate force ? Who is the man hardy enough
to undertake to execute Federal laws in South
% Carolina and other States after they have become
separate and independent Governments ? Who
is the man, I would inquire again, that would
undertake to collect revenue in South Carolina,
hold courts there, and execute laws there, when
she is not a member of this Confederacy r
I will sav, that that is bringing about civil war;
that it its inaugurating a policy that will drench
this country in blood. The man that will do it
will be looked upon as the worst murderer that
ever disgraced humanity. Civil warin this coun-
try! ConquerStates, and hold themasprovinces!
Where is the authority to do it? Thank God, it
is not in the Constitution. No such power is
conferied upon this Government. It cannot be
exercised, and I feci proud of it. I am a man of
peace. 1 dislike war. I would never make it or
encourage it, cxccpt in defense of right, in defense
of honor, in defense of truth and justice. I would
go into battle and fight for the right; but I will
never force war upon a people, or inaugurate it,
unless it is authorized, and unless it is my duty
to do so in defense of right; but certainly I would
not make war to conquer a people contending
simply for it right that has been refused, for a right
that they cannot have in the Union, and for a
right that they can have out of the Union, even
if tyrants, or rulers that would be tyrants, should
undertake to coerce them. The man that would
do it, the man that would inaugurate it, would
drench this country in blood. My heart would
pain me, and I could not rest at all, if I could be-
lieve such a calamity should happen. If it should
come unfortunately upon this country, inaugu-
rated by a tyrant, who would like to conquer and
hold Ametican citizens as vassals, then I will say
to that coward who would do it, "You will walk
over your humble servant's body first." f shall
never cooperate with any portion of this country,
North or South, that would strike down a people
contending for their rights.
Now, sir, what chancc have they to get rights
in the Union ' Even if a dissolution takes place,
if that calamity shall fall upon us, I look forward
to the day when a reorganization can be made. I
look upon a dissolution now nsafixed fact; 1 look
upon it as inevitable: but shall we not all look for-
ward with hope, with anxious and patriotic hope,
to the day when a reorganization shaUlake place,
when all these States can come together in one
c;reat and happy Union, that shall secmo ii£>ht,
justice, and equality, to every portion of the Union ?
If wo would bring about that reorganization, if
we would rebuild the fabric that has been stricken
