THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1861.
"New Series.....No. 70.
This commission was in session more than a year, visit-
ing difleient portions of Oregon and Washington for the
purpose of taking evidence on the claims presented and to
be satisfied of their coirectness. The standard adopted by
the commission was equitable, and all claims were reduced
to it. After closing its labors, an elaborate report in detail
was duly submitted to the Secretary of War, which received
his approval, and also that of his successor. Under these
circumstances it would not be proper to ignore the awards of
this commission, as it was instituted legally, and nothing
has ever been produced to establish that its action was not,
in strict accordance with its. nisti uctions, governed by a
spirit of justice, honor, ami integrity.
I remain, gentlemen, veiy respectfully, your obedient
servant, ^ WM. S. HARNEY,
Brigadier General United States Jirmy.
Messrs. T. J. Dryer, R. R. Thompson, C. S. Drew, II. H.
Allen, George li. Simpson, and others, of Oregon.
Mr. BURCH. After that letter, the argument
of thp gentleman from New York falls to the
ground.
Mr. OLIN. If it were necessary, I could in-
troduce here volumes of documents to refute all the
assertions of that letter. General Harney could
not know anything personally of what he states.
He was not there, and knew nothing of the facts,
except as he learned them from others. He docs
not know of the origin of these Indian difficulties
in Oregon and "Washington, of his own personal
knowledge. .
Mr. BURCH. Nor does the gentleman from
New York. The statement of General Harney,
therefore, will stand for as much as the gentle-
man's, at least. I would rather rely upon his
statement than upon that of men who were not in
the Territory at the time of the war or since.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Chairman, I choose to rely
upon the statements of those persons who were
in a condition to know and understand what was
being transacted during the period of these dis-
turbances in Oregon and "Washington. This
House and this country can be furnished with cer-
tificates enough to show that these wars were ne-
cessary, and the expense moderate. We have
already been furnished with certificates enough to
load down a two-horse wagon in reference to the
justice and equity of this claim.
Mr. IiASKIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a motion to rise? He will have the floor
when the consideration of this subject is re-
. sumed.
Mr. OLIN. I will yield for that motion, if it
be the pleasure of the House.
Mr. HASKIN. Then I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. STANTON. I hope that the committee
will not rise. 1 think that we ought to dispose
of this question in the committee to-night. We
ought to dispose of it at once.
The question was taken; and the committee
refusod to rise.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Chairman, I might refer to the
documentary evidence upon file in the Departments
of the Government, showing what was the origin
of the war in the Territories of Washington and
Oregon. For the information upon this sub-
ject, I rely, principally, upon the officers of the
Army who were upon the spot at the time, and
familiar with the transactions out of which these
difficulties grew. I will state, very briefly, as I
understand itr, the origin of the war in the Terri-
tory of Washington. That controversy most un-
questionably grew out of certain treaties that were
attempted to be negotiated. The forms of nego-
tiation were gone through with, but nobody knows
better than the gentleman from Washington Ter-
ritory the manner in which they were procured,
and the dissatisfaction of many of the tribes who
were parties to that treaty. I have examined
carefully a journal of this convention, which was
kept while that treaty was in process of negotia-
tion, by one apparently in the confidence of the
negotiator. I think that I understand the man-
ner in which that treaty was procured. However
that may be, it is sufficient to know that it is the
uniform testimony of everybody who was m com-
munication with the troops subsequent to the mak-
ing of that treaty, that great dissatisfaction among
the Indians was felt *n reference to its conditions.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I put this
70
interrogatory to my friend fr®m New York: Is
he aware that, after the war, every military com-
mander in the departmentof Oregon recommended
the confirmation of these treaties? Is he aware
that the Indian superintendent recommended the
confirmation of these treaties? Is he aware that,
the 1 ndians themselves asked for the confirmation *
of these treaties?
Mr. OLIN. I was not aware of those things.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The record
published by Congress in the official reports
proves these things to be so.
Mr. OLIN. The records of your Departments
are alive with proofs of the dissatisfaction of the
Indians with that treaty. Soon after that treaty
was obtained, a man by the name of Bolon, a sub-
Indian agent, I think, upon whom some demand
had been made by some of the tribes for redress
for certain outrages committed by the whites, de-
nied them all relief, and threatened to bring upon
the Indians, if they undertook to avenge their own
injuries, the United States forces. They grew
indignant at that, and assassinated him. About
this period of time gold was discovered high up
upon the Columbia river at Fort Colville, called
the Colville mines. Miners flooded to that por-
tion of the territory, and, as the correspondence
with the Secretary of War shows, every variety
of outrage was committed by these men upon
these'Indians. Indiscriminate attacks were made
upon many of the tribes, and outrages were per-
petrated upon Indian women, such as would man-
tie with shame the cheek of the savage to listen to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I beg again
to interrupt the gentleman from New York. I
will state, if my friend will indulge me, this fact:
that there is no report in existence, from any
officer whatever, pointing out a specific case of
outrage of the miners upon the Yakima Indians
Bolon went to that territory because the Indians
had killed from fifteen to twenty miners in cold
blood. They went there without arms. The
facts were disclosed, and Colonel Wright, the
military commander, has since hung up some of
these murderers.
Mr. OLIiN. It will be difficult for me to go on
with the discussion of this matter with constant
interruptions. But. I will not refuse to yield to
gentlemen who may wish to make corrections,
or think that I am laboring under an error. If
necessary, I could furnish the House and the
country with references to documents upon file in
the Secretary of State's Office which will fully
vindicate the assertions that I made m reference
to these transactions. After the murder of Bolon,
hostilities commenced; and then ensued the diffi-
culties in southern Oregon. They grew out of
transactions of a very similar nature. The Indi-
ans had been attacked and murdered; some of them
under the pretense of railing them to a council.
They were murdered in cold blood. Several of
these transactions occurred, and finally the war
broke out m southern Oregon. Independent armed
bands were raised to prosecute that war, under
the Governors of the Territories. If you will
read the dispatches of Colonel Casey, then in
command of the troops there, you will learn that
these forces were kept in service, or pretended to
be kept m service after all necessity, and all pre-
tended necessity, for their continuance in service
was dispensed with, and against the protest of
the officers of the regular Army. Nay, complaint
after complaint was uttered that, hut for these
volunteers thus in service, quiet and order would
have been restored long before it was accom-
plished in fact.
A great portion of the moneys expended in
these disturbances, was spent in the expedition
to the Walla-Walla country. It was waged by
the Governor of Oregon out of his own Territory,
and beyond his jurisdiction. A volunteer force
was sent where there was not a white man resid-
ing within a hundred miles. It was sent into a
country where these Indians inhabiting it were
entirely disposed to icmain at peace; a country
from which the Indians could not approach a
white settlement without passing the Dalles,
which was then guarded by United States troops.'1-
But those tribes among which this force jWad
sent were known to be rich in horses and catllei •
It was pretended that they were entering into a
league with hostile tribes, and the Governor of -
Oregon Territory fitted out an armed expedition,
sent them in£o the Territory of Washington, and -
made war upon a people believed to be desirous
of maintaining peaceful and friendly relations
with us. There was no occasion for this expe-
dition, and there is no justification for it; there
was apparently no motive for it, except plunder
find bloodshed. It was conducted in the winter
season, and while the ground was covered by a
deep snow. There was no white settlement within
one hundred miles of this tribe, and the only ap-
proach to one was by the Dalles, then in com-
mand of United States troops. But the expedition
was fitted out, and a wholesale slaughter was
committed upon those tribes whom the Indian
agent has always claimed were peacefully dis-
posed towards the whites.
It is difficult to obtain any idea of the opera-
tions, the necessity, and the cost of this war,
without the most patient and laborious examina-
tion. It requires such an examination as would
occupy the time of gentlemen for months/ The
Third Auditor of the Treasury has been assailed .
as having dealt unfairly by these claims. I have
examined with great care the two reports. He had
good authority for all and more than the animad-
versions made by him. I might call your atten-
tion to the statements of some of the officers of
the Army who served in that field of operation.
during these Indian wars. I might call your atten-
tion to what they say in reference to the accuracy
of the views of the Third Auditor as expressed in
his report; approving of them to the fullest extent.
But it is unnecessary to do so; because I base my
opposition to this measure, not upon the ground
that the bill of the Committee on Military Affairs
in the House gives an adequate remuneration, or
that the bill of the Senate7gives too much, but
upon the ground—and that is the ground upon
which I think it ought to rest—that whenever a
war of this description is waged, without author-
ity of the General Government, and in defiance of
the officers of the regular Army, when the Army
was there, ready to assume all necessary respons-
ibility, we should not assume the payment of the
debts or expenses incurred thereby. I know here
is a large indebtedness. I know full well that this
indebtedness has been transferred throughout the
whole country; that it has been made into stock,
the greater portion of which is probably in the
hands of speculators, who have paid fifteen or
twenty cents upon the dojlar for it.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to correct the gentle-
man upon a matter of fact. From my personal
knowledge, I aver that not fifteen per cent, of that
scrip is held outside of Oregon; nor do I think
that twenty-five per cent, of the Washington claim
has passed out of that Territory. I am person-
ally acquainted with nearly every man interested
in this claim, and I state what I have said upon
my personal knowledge.
Mr. OLIN. I do not know how the gentleman
can know the fact, unless he owns the stock.
Mr. STOUT. I say to the gentleman that I
never was interested in this claim in any manner
whatever. I never owned a cent's worth of it.
Mr. OLIN. I do not put my objection to the
bill upon 'hat ground. I base it upon the ground
that if this Congress, or any Congress, will sanc-
tion the principle that the authorities of a Terri-
tory may commencea war, and carry it on without
authority of the General Government, in defiance
of the army which was sent there to preserve the
peace, you will have Indian wars upon your hands
until the Indian race is exterminated. Unless this
thing can be stopped; unless the General Gov-
ernment can and will exercise some control over
our relations with the Indian tribes, we shall have
these wars upon our hands constantly. Now,
look at one significant fact. Some of these tribes,
with which we have been involved in expensive
wars, have been in the vicinity of the Hudson Bay
