1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
I want an appropriation made for that building,
if appropriations are to be made for those build-
ings. Unless that can be done, [ hope this amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Air. SHERMAN. I will make o brief reply
to tiie gentleman from Tennessee. The custom-
house at St. Louis is already built. There are
some outstanding debts for furniture, and for other
purposes, which this appropriation is designed to
cover. It is recommended by the Secretary of
the Interior, and ought to be made, so that these
debts may be paid.
Mr. PHELPS. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will yield to me, I
will explain to the gentleman from Tennessee,
ami to this committee, the necessity for making
this appropriation. The Government of the Uni-
ted States appropriated money for the construc-
tion of a public building in the city of St. Louis.
That building is now built. It was designed for
several public offices, for a custom-house, a post
ofliee, for the use of the assistant treasurer, the
surveyor general, and the clerks of the circuit
and district courts. Of the amount appropriated
for (he erection of the building there is still a small
balance unexpended remaining in the Treasury.
In ordm* that the building may be placed in a
condition for occupancy by the several Govern-
ment offices, and that the rent now paid may be
saved—in order to providefurniture for the courts,
the offices ofc the assistant treasurer and the sur-
veyor general, for the custom-house, and for the
post office, including boxes, &c., it is necessary
that we should make this appropriation. It is
recommended by the engineer in charge of the
construction of the public buildings of the United
States. In other words, it amounts to this: we
have a public building m St. Louis which cannot
be occupied unless it be furnished in a manner to
accommodate the public business. If we want
the public business transacted there, then this ap-
propriation is necessary; otherwise H is not.
Mr. MAYNAKD. 1 understand that the
original appropriation has not been exhausted.
Mr. PHELPS. There remains unexpended
only about one thousand dollars of the original
appropriation. In addition to that sum the officer
in charge of the Bureau of Construction recom-
mends the appropriation of the $15,000 provided
for m this amendment, so that the building may
be put in a condition for occupancy for the pur-
poses for which it was designed.
Mr. MAYNARD, Is the building entirely
completed ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is. There are, however,
some outstanding debts on the construction of the
building. I believe that some bills have also been
incurred for the necessary furniture supplied by
the United States marshal for the United States
court. These debts ought to be paid, and it is
intended that they shall be paid out of this ap-
propriation.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr, SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to submit the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of th^bill:
To supply deficiencies m the fund horetofoie appropri-
ated t'> enable the President o{' the United
into effect iho act of Congress of 3d of March,ji8J9, and
any subsequent act-? now in force for the suppression oi, the
slave trade, $900,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I avail myselfo!*a formal
opposition to this amendment to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways antl
Means in rcspect to the necessity of appropriat-
ing $30,000 to .supply the deficiency in the ap-
proptiation for the printing of the second session
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress. I should like to
know how that deficiency arises.
Mi*. SHERMAN. The deficiency in the print-
ing fund arises out of the order of this House
to print additional copies of the mechanical and
agricultural paits of the Patent Office report, and
the order to print large numbers of the Covode
ilr. MAYNARD. Would not that be a defi-
ciency in tlie printing fund for the first, and not
for the second session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress5
Mr. SHERMAN. U is the estimate of the
Superintendent of Public Printing that this amount
is necessary.
Now. sir, in reference to the pending amend-
ment, I do not propose to discuss it, unless it be
the desire of the committee to have it explained.
I am willing to give the committee all theinfoamu-
tion 1 hove on the subject. /
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I do\ot rise
for the purpose of debating the amendment now
pending, m reference to Africans captured by
United States cruisers, but merely to call the
attention of members to the necessity of making
some provision different from that now adopted
for the safe-keeping and suppoi tof those captured
Africans. Fom vessels, filled with Africans taken
from Africa for the purpose of enslaving them,
have been captured recently by the United States
cruisers. They are in addition to the captured
Africans who were landed at Key West. Pro-
vision has already been made by Congress for the
transportation of those Africans back to Africa
and for taking care of them. I think that that
provision was made during the last session of
Congress. For the Africans who have been cap-
tured recently no provision has been made. They
have been landed, under existing laws, in Liberia.
Expenses have necessarily been incurred, and the
Secretary of the Interior recommends this appro-
priation of $900,000 for use during the present
fiscal year.
Mr. Chairman, I am unwilling to vote for this
appropriation. It is time that Congress should
make other provision than the one by which we
appropriate one sixtieth of the revenues of this
country—indeed more than one sixtieth of the
revenues of the United States for the purpose of
returning to Africa and taking care of the Africans
captured on their way to slavery in the Spanish
isles. A portion of these captured Africans now
supported in Liberia at the expense of the Govern-
ment of the United States, were in this country.
At that time I was in favor, and I am now in favor,
of this policy. I am in favor of providing that
every African who shall be captured on board of a
slave shipshall be landed in the United States, and
apprenticed to those who will take charge of them
until they shall earn a sufficient amount to defray
the expenses of their return to Afiica. In the
meantime, those who have a high regard for the
negro; those who have a desire to extend Chris-
tianity and civilization into Africa, will have an
opportunity of doing that very thing, by taking
hold of the Africans thus landed upon our shores,
and educating them in the Chustian religion and
the arts of civilization previous to their return to
Africn. If these expenses go on as they have
begun, you will soon find one thirtieth part of
the levenucs of the country annually expended
for this purpose of taking care of these captured
Africans. Ik this right? Where, sir, do we find
authority for doing n ? If we are willing to bur-
den the people and the national Treasury by this
additional charge for the maintenance of these
barbarians who are thrust into the little colony
of educated Africans upon the western coast of
Afiica, is it not proper to consider that, under this
policy, the numbers of baibanans maybe so great
m the course of a few yearn as to revolutionize,
overcome, and exterminate the civilized Africans
of Liberia who bav.e been s< ttled there by the
benevolence and the charity of the American peo-
ple ?
These are points for the consideration of the
committee. They are some of the reasons why
I am not m favor of appropnating this sum of
money for the purpose specified. 1 have, as I said
when I rose, no purpose at this time of debating
this question. My duties require my presence
elsewhere. 1 have expressed my own views on
the subject, and it is now for the House to take
whatever action may be deemed best.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question, Mr. Chair-
man, is not whether our laws against the slave
trade are or are not right; but it is whether this
House will appropriate money to carry them into
execution. On that point I am happy to say that
every Executive Department of the (government
concuis. The President, in his annual message,
not only iccommends this appropriation, but I
hold in my hand special letters from the Depart-
ment of the Interior urging this appropriation;
and the Committee of Ways and Means', with a
single cxcepuon, have agreed to recommend the
appropriation. For the purpose of placing the
House in possession of this information, 1 will
send tnose communications to the Clerk's desk,
that they may be read, as they contain more defi-
nite knowledge, and will be more satisfactory to
the House than anything I can say.
The letters were read, as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Dccernher la, 1860.
Sir : I have the honor to inclose herewith, for your in-
formation, n cony of my communication of this date, to
the Speaker of the limine of Itepieseiuatives,recommend-
ing appropriations to enable this Department to execute tbe
laws# prohibiting the Aioean slave trade.
I take this occasion to invite vour attention to the recom-
mendation contained on pages 15 and 16 of my last annual
icport, (a copy of which is inclosed.) and to suggest that,
if the same n cot you rappiovat, the appropriations be made
in the terms following, viz :
f' To supply a deficiency in the appropriation made for
the present fiscal year to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to carry into effect the net of 3d March, 1819, and
any subsequent acts now in force fa the suppression of the
slave tiade, $'900,000.
'• And tiie President is hereby authorized to allow such
compensation to United States marshals, district attorneys,
and others employed in enforcing such laws, as may to him
seem proper, tor any services they may render, for which
no allowance can now be made under existing laws.
" To enable the President of the United States to carry
into effect the act oi 3d March, 1819, and any subsequent
acts now in force tor the suppression of the &lave trade,
during the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1862 $900,000.
" And the President is hereby authorized to allow such
compensation to United States maishal>, districtattorneys,
and other persons employed in enforcing said laws, as may
to him seem proper, tor any services they may render, lor
which no allowance can now be made under existing laws."
1 have the honoi to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, Home of Representatives.
Department oy the Interior,
December 15, 1860.
Sir: The greater portion of the bounty due to the offi-
cers and ciews of the vessels which captured the havers
Wildfire, Williams, and bat k name unkuown,on the coast
oi Cuba, in my last, is still unpaid, and the appropriation
lieretolote made for service of that character is nearly ex-
hausted. An additional appropriation is, therefore, now
required.
Under direction of the President, on the 22d October
last I entered into contract with the American Coloniza-
tion Society, Jor the suppoirand maintenance for one year
of the Africans leeaptuied from the slavers Storm King
and Erie, and delivered to the United Slates agent at Mon-
rovia in September last. An appropiiation will be required
to meet the liabilities thus incurred, and to pay the bounty
due to the captors.
A few days M'uce, this Depaitment was officially advised
that, on the 14th October last, the United States frigate
Constellation captured the -.lave ship Com, lia\ ing on board
six hundred and mneiy-four Africans, ali of whom were
delivered to the United Slates agent atMomovia. An ap-
propriation will be requned for their support and mainte-
nance tor one year, and aHo to pay the bounty due to those
by whom they were les-ei.ed.
Official information ha. this day been received to the ef-
fect that, on the 10th Octobei last, the United States frigate
San Jacinto captured the slaver Bonita, with seven hun-
dred and thirty-four negroes on board, all of whom have
likewise been delivered to the United States agent at Mon-
rovia. An appiopuation will also be neeessaiyfor their
support and maintenance, and to pay the bounty due on
their account.
The aggregate amount that will be needed for these sev-
eral objects to the 30th June next, and to meet other ex-
penses incident to the ycivice growing out of the prosecu-
tionsof the offending parties,in addition to what has been
aheady appropriated, is, as nearly as can be estimated-,
^'4ol),000.
It is fair to presume, judging from the past, that other
slavers will yet be captured during the present fiscal year,
and to piovide for the contingency, I respectfully ask that
an additional amount be appiopriated of #450,000; making
a total foi this yearot $900,000.
For the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1862, an appropri-
ation should also be made of like amount, and the same is
respectfully recommended.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
lion. William Pennington,
Speaker oj the House of Representatives United States,
Department or the Interior,
December 19, 1860.
Sir : 1 have the honor to transmit, for your consideration
in connection with tbe communication addressed you by
this Department on the loth inotant, a copy of a letter of
the same date, but since received, from Rev. William Mc-
Latn, urging, in behalf of Liberia and the American Colo-
nization {Society, the necessity of prompt piovision being
made for the caie of the recaptured African* recently landed
at Moniovia,and protecting against the landing of any more,
unless ample provision is made in advance lor their support.
In view of the state of thing* presented by Mr. MeLain,
I beg leave respectlully to suggest early action upon so
much of the communication of the I5th instant as relates
to an appropriation to supply the deficiency in the fund for
thib brunch of the service for the present fiscal year.
Very respcetfullv, your obedient servant,
MOBES KELLY,
sictin* Secretary.
Hon. John Shgrm Chairman of Committee of Waysand
Means, House oj Representatives.
Colonization Rooms. Washington,
December 13> 1860.
My dear Sir : You have doubtless received information
that another slaver has been caught, the Bonita ; and that
