1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to propose, for the consideration of the commit-
tee, an amendment providing that none of these
claims shall be paid until they are attested by Gen-
eral Scott or General Wool. But I trust that the
gentleman who is advocating this bill will consent
that the committee shall now rise, so that we may
have a further opportunity of discussing and
amending this bill.
Mr. PRYOR. I understand the proposition of
the gentleman from New York to be to suspend
the success of the measure on the attestation of
General Scott or General Wool.
A Member. Or Louis Napoleon.
Mr. PRYOR. Now, sir, there are no two in-
dividuals in the United States of America whose
attestation I would more heartily contemn than
the certificates of these two persons. Genera)
Wool has distinctly proposed to carry fire and
slaughter into the bosom of the South, and Gen-
eral Scott has organized a military despotism m
the capital of the Republic, thus overawing the
deliberations of the Repiesentatives of the people
with his artillery.
Not only that, sir, but with a cruelty more un-
natural than that of Coriolanus, he contemplates
an invasion of his own mother State. I have to
tell him, however, that unlike the people of Rome,
we of Virginia will not essay to propitiate his
pity by an exhibition of the tears of our maidens
and our matrons; but will meet him when he
comes, as beseems the sons of the Old Dominion.
Now, sir, why rely on these two gentlemen?
Here is the testimony of General Harney, as I
understand, in favor of the claim. General Har-
ney participated in the incidents of that campaign.
He is perfectly conversant with the claim, and at-
tests its justice.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman from Virginia is
mistaken aboutGencral Harney being in this cam-
paign.
Mr. HASKIN. I had the floor, and yielded
to the gentleman. I now desire to say a word in
reply to liirn.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to conclude his re-
marks, and assigned the floor to the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. PRYOR. Now, Mr. Chairman, the suc-
cess or defeat of this bill ought to be dependent
on its own merits. The gentleman from New
York, however, has indulged in a most atrocious
aspersion on the Senators from the sovereign State
of Oregon, insinuating that those Senators were
urging the passage of this bill because their politi-
cal fortunes were m some sort complicated with
the success of the measure. I am amazed, with
all respect to the Chair, that the Chair did not
call the gentleman to order. Again, J appeal to
the committee to support or to reject this bill on
its own intrinsic merits, without regard to any
adventitious considerations whatever.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the committee
do now rise, with a view of moving in the House
to close debate; for it is apparent that this line of
argument will notlead to any progress in the bill.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 ask the gentleman from Ohio
to give way a moment that I may reply to the
gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had
under consideration a special order, the bill (S.
No. 11) to provide for the payment of the ex-
penses incurred by the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, in the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties therein, in the years 1855 and 1856, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STANTON. I move that all debate on
this bill, including the live minutes' debate, shall
close in live minutes after the committee shall
have resumed its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. POTTLE called for the yeas and nays; and
for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the House again
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Bocock in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill (S. No. 11) to pro-
vide for the payment of the expenses incurred by
the Territories of Oregon and Washington, in the
suppression of Indian hostilities therein, in the
years 1855-56.
Mr. IIASKIN. I desire to propose an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to
the gentleman, that there is an amendment still
pending.
Mr. HASKIN. Then, upon that amendment
I desire very briefly to reply to the remarks of
the distinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Pryor.] I must confess to a great amounrof
surprise at the course which he is pursuing in
reference to this bill. It has been my fortune
heretofore in this House to have had the pleasure
of acting in concert with him in all measures of
economy and reform which I have supported; but
I was still more surprised that that gentleman
should have attacked the conduct of the first liv-
ing soldier in this or any other country, the hero
of the Mexican war and a patriot whoJhad his
birth in the State of Virginia, which the gentle-
man himself in part represents upon this floor.
I was surprised that he should have attacked a
citizen of my own State—General Wool—who,
in the battle fields of Mcxico, fought with "Old
Chippewa," and contributed to give to the Union
the inheritance of renown which resulted to us
from that war.
Mr. HINDMAN. I should like to know where
General Wool ever fought with General Scott in
the Mexican war.
Mr. HASKIN. I did not say he fought in the
same battles with General Scott, but I say that they
fought in the war with Mexico which gave to the
Union Texas and the golden fields of California—
golden fields which have supplied this country
with material wealth almost beyond conception.
And, sir; at this present crisis of our affairs, when
we find General Scott coming here in the perform-
ance of his duty, and in the maintenance of law
and order  r
Mr. STOUT. I rise to a point of order. I de-
sire to know whether this discussion is in order
upon this bill, which has been made a special
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, if the point is
pressed, would hold that it is not in order.
Mr. HASKIN. I say when we find General
Scott coming here for that purpose at the request
of, and to assist, a Democratic President—and
when we find General Wool, elccted by the Le-
gislature of the Empire State of this Union, at this
capital, acting as a civilian to concert measures
of peace—for the purpose of cementing together
again the bonds of this Union, now threatened by
southern treason'  
Mr. BURCH. I ask if the gentleman must not
confine himself to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
the gentleman from New York is not out of order
for that reason, as he is not speaking under the
five minutes' debate; but as the committee is act-
ing under a special order, the gentleman should
confine himself to the bill and amendment. The
Chair thinks the debate is taking a lather wide
range.
Mr. HASKIN. I was proceeding to say that
General Wool, elected by the Legislature of the
great State of New York, is here at Washington
attending the peace conference, and endeavoring,
by his action, to compromise, if you please, mat-
ters, so as to cement this Union together; and it is a
matter which the gentleman from Virginia should
not have alluded to in the sarcastic way which
he did.
The bill which is under consideration is one
which was gotten before the House the other day
by a combination of Democratic support upon
the other side of the House, of the friends of the
Democratic Representative from Oregon, and by
Republican support on this side, by the friends
of the Republican Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Baker.]
Now, sir, I trust that this bill, considering that
we have a tariff yet to act upon, that we have yet
to provide for raising the revenue, considering
that the Treasury is empty, and the Government
bankrupt, and that we have yet a Pacific railroad
bill to act upon, will not be now pressed, andmaHe
to supersede more important legislation. ;
The question was taken; ana Mr. ^Haskin&'s
amendment to the amendment was disagreed to«
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to amenii By
adding this section at the end of the bill: ' •<
Sec.—. And he it further enacted, That if there is not
money in tlie Treasury not otherwise appropriated, suffi-
cient for'the payment of the several sums hereby appro-
priated, the President may, on the demand of any of the
persons to whom said sums, or any part thereof, is due,
issue bon<Js of the United States of a denomination not less
than fifty dollars, bearing not to exceed six per centum in-
terest, payable annually or semi-annually, in his discretion,
running not to exceed twenty years; and he may, at his
discretion, attach coupons to such bonds for the payment
of the interest thereon; and he is authorized hereby to dis-
pose of such bonds at par for the payment of the several
sums, or any part thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs, as amended, was agreed to.
The question was taken on the substitute offered
by Mr. Stevens, of Washington; and it wasdis-
agrecd to.
Mr. STOUT. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will give us the opportunity of a vote upon that
amendment in the House.
Mr. STANTON. It is in substance the bill of
the Senate; and the question will come fairly up
between the amendment we have adopted, and the
Senate bill in the House.
Mr. STOUT. Except th^t the amendment of
the gentleman from Washington has a provision
attached to it for the payment of the sum in bonds.
Mr. STANTON. If the Hotfse reject the
amendment of the committee, that provision can
be added. I move that the committee rise, and
report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration Senate bill
(No; 11) for the payment of the Oregon and
Washington war debt as a special order, and had
instructed him to report the same to the House
with amendments, and with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURCH, (at five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned until Satur-
day, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 22,1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the further
reading of the Journal be suspended, so that there
may be some opportunity for presenting petitions.
I understand there is a special order for half past
eleven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the further reading of the Journal will be
dispensed with. The Chair hears none.
TAYLOR DUDLEY.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 502)
for the relief of Taylor Dudley, of Minnesota,
have instructed me to report it without amend-
ment. It proposes to pay to him $370, justly
due. All the fee bills are certified in the proper
manner; and I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to put it on its passage.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No. 502)
for the relief of Taylor Dudley, of Minnesota,
was considered as inCommittee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Taylor Dudley, of Benton county, Min 
nesota, the sum of §370, due to him for services
as clerk of the United States district eourt for the
second and third judicial districts of the late Ter-
ritory of Minnesota.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a repci'-t^
Mr, GREEN. There is no repprt.
