1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
There were three districts there, and this clerk
performed the services of two of them as clerk.
For several years he was regularly paid his fees;
but at last the Comptroller thought they were en-
titled to but one clerk for two of the districts, and
he suspended the payment of these fees, $370.
They had been paid for several years. The ser-
vices were performed; the fee bills are certified to
by the judge and the attorney; and I think the
* money ought to be paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The inference would seem
to be that he got paid several years for what he
was not entitled to; and therefore he ought to be
paid more. That seems to be the argument.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. He performed the
service under the order of the judge. The ques-
tion arose with the Comptroller whether the judge
had the right to appoint more than one clerk, it
being divided into three districts instead of one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One ought to have per-
formed the duties.
Mr. GREEN. It is a small matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had bet-
ter be laid aside for the present.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It is regularly be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very manifest that
there is no quorum in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
raise that question ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want to raise the
question; but I hope the Senate will lay the bill
aside, und save me the necessity' 
Mr. GREEN. There will be no other oppor-
tunity to call it up. Neither of the Senators from
Minnesota is present; but I promised tliem to
move to take it up the first opportunity. I am
satisfied of its correctness. I sent to the Depart-
ment for the statement of the account, and they
are satisfied.
Mr. WADE. How much money does the bill
appropriate?
Mr. GREEN. Three hundred and seventy
dollars.
Mr. WADE, Oh, let him have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If neither of tho Senators
from Minnesota objects, I shall say nothing.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
the Ocean Telegraph Company, which lias for its
object tho establishment of a submarine telegraph
between Europe and America, praying the aid of
Coegress; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. THOMSON. I present the petition of
thirteen hundred and forty-five citizens of Jersey
City, New Jersey, three hundred of whom voted
for Mr. Lincoln at the late election for President,
in favor of the Crittenden resolutions, or any
other mode of settlement by which peace and
amity may be restored to the country.
I also present a petition of the same character,
signed by a large number of citizens of the city
of New Brunswick, New Jersey, at the head of
which is the venerable name of Theodore Fre-
linghuysen. I move that they He on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. KING presented resolutions unanimously
adopted at the annual town meeting of Stock-
holm, New York, disapproving of compromises,
or concessions to the slave power now in open
rebellion against the Constitution and Govern-
ment of the United States; protesting against
altering the Constitution, and praying Congress
to abide by their oath to support the Constitution
and Government of the United States; and toput
down, with a firm hand,all insurrection, treason,
or rebellion, and subdue or drive all traitors out
of the Union; which was ordered to he oil the
table.
He also presented the memorial of Isaac McGay
and one hundred others, of the city of New York,
deploring any attempt to defeat the will of the
people, as expressed at the ballot-box, and peti-
tioning Congress to be firm in maintaining the
Union,the Constitution, and the laws; which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
James Irvine, and other residents and legal voters
in the town of Savannah, county of Carroll, State
of Illinois, representing that they are firmly and
irrevocably attached to the Constitution and laws
of the United States as they are; that they are op-
posed to all compromise with traitors, and with
all men who are, directly or indirectly, plotting
the overthrow of the Government; and praying
Congress at once to adopt such measures as may
be necessary to hold and to protect the property
of the Government, to maintain the honor of our
flag, and the integrity of the Union; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens of
St. Paul, Minnesota, in favor of a settlement of
the sectional difficulties on the plan of compromise
proposed by the resolutions of Hon. Mr. Crit-
tenden or Hon. Mr. Rice; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WADE preseated a petition of citizens of
Kingsville, Ohio, praying Congress to stand firm
for the Union of the States, the Constitution as it
is, and the execution of the laws, and against all
compromise with armed rebels, or those who sym-
pathize with them; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
DOMINICK C0NK0Y.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate:
Jlesolvcd, That there bo paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to Ann Conroy, widow of Dommiek Oomoy,
late a messenger in the office of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, an amount equal to one quartet'?«salary ol her deceased
husband, and $150 lor hi« l'uneial expenses.
ALMON \Y. BABBITT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 585) for the relief of the liens of the late
Almon W. Babbitt, secretary of Utah, have in-
structed mc to make a report concunving in the
report of the IIousc committee, with a recom-
mendation that the bill puss. I ask the consent
of the Senate to put this bill on iis passage. It
does not involve a large amount of money, and
it makes very little difference to the Treasury
whether it passes or not. It is to give a credit of
some six or ei^ht thousand dollars in the settle-
ment of Mr. Babbitt's accounts. The account
was found by the Auditor to be $21,000, and it will
hardly be reduced below that, if the bill passes.
It is simply to adjust his accounts.
The bill was read.
Mr. KING. I think this bill had better lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
ORDER OV BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senate to take up the
post route bill, which was under consideration a
few days ago on a motion made by mo to insist
on our amendments, and ask for a committee of
conference. It is important that the bill should
be acted upon in some form or other; and I hope
the Senate will take it up and dispose of it this
morning'.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from California is in order; but thcio are
a number of Senators on the floor with reports
m their hands.
Mr. GWIN. I will wait until they get through;
and 1 hope the Senate will take up that bill alter
they get through.
AZEL SPALDING.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was icferrod the bill (H. R. No. 996) for
the relief of Azel Spalding, have instructed me
to report it back, with a recommendation that it
pass. As it is foi the paymcntof a small amount
—$226—I ask that it bo put on its passage at this
time. There was no controversy in the commit-
tee about it; and it is the first time I have asked
a favor of this kind this session.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
996) for the relief of Azel Spalding was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for the payment to Azel Spalding of $226 69, be-
ing two per cent, on moneys disbursed by him as
pension agent in the year 1842.
The bill was leported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALEXAMXUK V. FHAZJ2K.
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 625) for
the relief of Captain Alexander "V. Frazer, have
instructed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and I ask the indulgence
of the Senate to put it on Us passage now. We
have had no private claim day for some time, and
I think this is one of the few meritorious claims
that I have seen.
No objection was made; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment to Alexander V. Frazer of
$3,920, being an allowance of thirty-five cents a
ration upon eleven thousand two hundred rations
furnished by him to the Government, for the crew
of the United States revenue cutter Lawrence, in
the year 1849.
Mr. KING. I ask why this money was not
paid at that time.
Mr. BRAGG. I can explain, if the Senator
wants to know, and I shall not take up many
moments of the time of the Senate. Captain Fra-
zer, who was the commander of one of the rev-
enue cutters, was sent to the Pacific coast. His
duties required him to be at San Francisco. Be-
fore he went there, which was in the year 1848,
he entered into a contract with the Government
to furnish certain rations for the supply of his
.vessel, at thirty cents per ration, and tnat con-
tract was to coptinue until the Government could
get rations in the ordinary way by advertising for
bids, and having them furnished. Captain Fiazer
sent out to California a considerable amount of
provisions and other supplies for rations. His
contract ended. A collector was appointed there,
who made the advertisement for furnishing rations
for the Government. The lowest bidder,it appears
by the evidence, for the rations at that time, was
two dollars per ration, and he was advised to take
what he had, (as his contract was at an end with
the Government,) and put them in the market for
sale. The evidence shows that he was offered
one dollar per ration. He, however, in good faith,
I may say with gieat liberality to the Government,
more than is usual on the part of its officers, took
the amount of supplies which he had and allowed
the Government to use them. Now, he only asks
the Government to pay him the additional sum
which is stated here; when, if he had-put his
rations in the market and sold them .to others
that were ready to buy them, he could have made
perhaps five times the amount. I think it is a
remarkable instance of liberality on the part of a
public officer; and it is so rare to See an instance
of that kind, that I hope the Senate will signalize
its appreciation of it by passing the bill at once.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL PERRY.
Mr. BRAGG. I have another little bill. The
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (IT. R. No. 673) for the relief of Samuel
Perry, have examined the matter this morning,
and have instructed mc to report it with a recom-
mendation that it pass. If it would not be tres-
passing? too much on the tune of the Senate, I ask
that this bill also be put on its passage. It is a
small matter.
No objection was made; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the payment to Samuel Perry of
fr638 98, being the amount which was improperly
deducted from ins freight for the transportation
of Indian supplies in the year 1827, a portion of
which were lost by the sinking; of a flat-boat.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to offer a joint resolution, which
1 think will tajce no time, and it is important that
it should be acted on.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 64) for the appointment of regents
ot the Smithsonian Institution; and it was read
a first and second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
vacancies in the board of regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, of the class " other than mem-
bers of Congress," be filled by the appointment
of William L. Dayton, of New Jersey, in place
of Richard Rush, deceased; William B. Astor,
of New York, in place of Gideon Hawley, whose
