150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
enterprise, to go down together. That is the only-
effectual remedy which 1 can suggest for putting
a stop to this African slave trade. And 1 think
that by that means we could accomplish another
purpose; we could rid ourselves of a class of per-
sons who, while they are engaged in this traffic
abroad, are at home absolutely engaged in engen-
dering strife and contention among our people
North and South. I want the House and the
country distinctly to understand that the State of
Alabama, whether she secedes or not, is opposed
to the reopening of the slave trade. I certainly
sjudl do my utmost to preventit; but, I say, sink
the vessels with all on board who are engaged in
carrying on the traffic, and I am satisfied that no
southern man w;iH go down either.
I call upon my northern friends to put a stop
to the practice of building ships in their own ports,
and fitting them out with their own money to steal
negroes on the coast of Africa.
Mr. GROW. That is what we are trying to
do.
Mr. COBB. But the means you are using are
ineffectual. While you are passing these enorm-
ous appropriations, your own people are fitting
out ships, and continued and repeated depreda-
tions are being committed by these thieves. Now,
Mr. Chairman, is it admissible to move, as an
amendment to this bill, that tire ships shall be
sunk with all on board, after taking the negroes
off?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that, as an amendment to a deficiency bill,
such an amendment would hardly be in order.
It might, perhaps, if it were a bill for raising a
sinking fund. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. 1 had some doubt about the ad-
missibility of it myself, and that was the reason
why I wa« desirous of jotting the opinion of the
Chair: but 1 say that if such provision could be
passed by this House, it would furnish, m my
opinion, the only means by which the slave trade
could be stopped. I do not want to aid the build-
ing of ships at the North for the purpose of pios-
ecuting the slave trade; nor do 1 want to aid in
capturing those fellows who engage in that slave
tra^e, unless they aie to bt; punished. I want to
get clear of them and of the trade altogether.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order at this time.
Mr. REAGAN. While I am up, as the gen-
eral subject is open to debate, I will state the
object I have in view m offering the amendment
which I propose to offer whenever I have the op-
portunity. Whenever the opportunity presents
itself, I shall propose to amend the clause making
this appropriation, by providing that no part of
the same shall bo expended for the support of
Africans captured on vessels not bound for the.
United States.
I am induced to do this for the reason that I
am informed from a source on which I rely—and
if any gentleman doubts the conectness of it he
can apply to the Navy Department and satisfy
himself m reference to it—that but one of the
vessels which have been captured with negroes
on board was bound for the coast of the United
States. That was the Echo. The Wanderer, it
is true, was found in the United States, and was
suspected of being a slaver, but it was not known
certainly that such was her character. The Echo
is the only one captured which was bound for
♦our coast. AH the others were bound for Cuba.
The trade is one which is carried on between
Africa and Cuba, and not carried on by the peo-
ple of that portion of this country which has been
so frequently maligned as engaged in the African
slave trade. It is as well that it should be under-
stood that the ships which are built for this trade
are not built in the southern States, so much
abused and denounced as being engaged in the
slave trade: they are not owned or manned by
people from the South, and they are not engaged
ui cariying on the slave tiade between the coast
of \fnca and the southern States. They are
built by the very men who raise this outcry
against .slavery, and they are owned a*sd manned
by these same people, for the purpose of import-
ing slaves fiom the coast of Africa into the island
of Cuba.
These facts, I say, ought to be understood; for
that they exist, there can be no doubt. Any one,
who wili take the pains to apply at the proper
source of information, will find that the statements
that I have made arc true. I hold, then, that while
the oniy slave trade which is being carried on to
any considerable extent is between the coast of
Africa and the island of Cuba—a dependency of
Spain—it is not proper that we should be taxing
the Government of the United States, to the ex-
tent which this bill provides, to take care of and
christianize the Africans which are taken by Yan-
kees, in Yankee ships, for Yankee speculations.
It seems to me that this is a question deserving
of some consideration at the hands of this House
—at least that it should have some influence in
controlling the policy of the Government in de-
termining the course it is to pursue. I shall pro-
pose the amendment which I have suggested when-
ever the proper opportunity shall present itself.
I wish to say further upon the general subject,
that heretofore I have voted for all the appropri-
ations which have been called for, since 1 have
been a member of this House, to be applied in
taking care of these Africans and sending them
back to Africa. 1 have done it, because I sup-
posed it the best means of securing the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade, to which I have
been, and am, opposed. But seeing the tendency
which the course of policy pursued by the Gov-
ernment has had in working injustice to the tax-
payers of the nation, I shall now change the pol-
icy I have heretofore pursued. I do not propose
to vote for this appropriation, nor for any other
appropriation, to carry out the policy which the
Government is now pursuing, unless the plan
which I have suggested, of making provision for
the support of such negroes only as were being
sent to the coast of the United States, shall be
agreed to.
Mi-. CLEMENS. I was not present when the
discussion upon this subject took place in the
House at the last session of Congress; but, inas-
much as there seems to be adiffeience of opinion
between the executive department of the Govern-
ment and Congress as to the pioper construction
to be placed upon the act of 1819, I have taken
pains to refer to the language of that act. I do not
hesitate to afEim that, whatever may be its effect
hereafter, whether to increase or diminish the
slave trade, the act of 18J9 confers no power upon
the Executive of this Government to maintain
negroes captured in slavers on the coast of Afuca.
Yet the Executive has taken the responsibility of
incurring an expense, estimated at ^900,000 for
the balance of the present fiscal year, in support-
ing these negroes upon that coast. The question,
then, before the House is, whether we shall ac-
quiesce in the construction, unwarranted as I say,
given by the Executive; or whether we shall
diminish the estimated appropriation to such an
extent as only to cover the amount already due?
That is the issue presented by the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky. I think the time
has come when this Congress should put its legis-
lative veto against these excessive cxpendituies
and usurpations of power on the part of one de-
partment of the Government, against a plain pro-
vision of existing law.
What is the act of'1319? I have it befoic me,
and beg leave to refei to its explicit provisions.
I will not bo governed in myaction, as a member
of this House, by the distracted state of feeling in
the country. So far us 1 am concerned,in carry-
ing out the trust with which I am invested as a
member of this House, I shall endeavor to dis-
charge my duties under the oath I have taken,
and to look above all outside influences.
In what direction ought that action to be ? The
act of 1819 provides that the President of the
United States shall appoint the proper person or
persons residing upon the coast of Africa to act
as the agent or agents for receiving the negroes,
mulattoes, or persons of color, delivered from on
board the vessels seized in prosecution of the
slave trade by the commanders of the United
States. He is to appoint the person or persons
to act as agents to receive these captured Afri-
cans. Now, what has the President done? He
has not oniy appointed a person to receive them,
but he has appointed a person to maintain them
for one year after their return to and arrival upon
their native soil. I am not disposed to turn these
barbarians loose upon Liberia; I am not disposed,
so far as they are concerned, to desert them and
leave them entirely destitute upon their arrival in
Africa. No, sir; I am disposed to go as far as
this Government ought to go, under the proper
construction of the law. I am willing, while we
are discharging our duty to ourselves, that wo
should at the same time discharge our duty to
these Africans. And under this state of the e.ise,
with a conflict between the Executive and this
House,$900,000 seems to me to bea remarkably
large sum, especially in view of the fact that we,
have the whole naval force of France, of Eng-
land, and of this country stationed upon the coast
of Africa, and elsewheie, in order to prevent the
prosecution of the African slave trade; especially,
too, in view of the fact that that trade is stigma-
tized upon the statute-books of the United States
as piracy. Was it contemplated, when this act was
passed, that a trade stigmatized as piracy should
be encouraged by the executive arm of the Gov-
ernment, and that a direct bounty should be held
out for its continuance by appropriations of money
on the part of this House?
With these views, with the fa'cts I have stated,
1 am compelled to vote for the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] or
for such a reasonable sum as may be sufficient,
under the actual facts of the case, to discharge
what', may be deemed on our part our duty toward
these unfortunate barbarians.
Mr .'"JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman, I
do not rise for the purpose of discussing any fine
question of humanity or philanthropy. 1 rise
merely to present my views upon a plain point
submitted for the consideration of this committee;
and that is, whether expenses incurred under the
faith of a public act of the United States should be
defrayed? whether money should be disbursed in
answer to the call and claim upon the credit of
the United .States? It is very immaterial, to my
mind, whether the law of the last session is a
proper legislative construction of the law of 1819;
but were it a proper theme for discussion here, it
seems to me that the question could very readily
be answered, and that the criticism which has
been bestowed upon the law of 1819 in connec-
tion with the law of the last session, is amenable
to this sufficient and plain answer: that when the
law of 1819 demands that a body of helpless hu-
man beings should be received upon the coast of
Afiica, it also requires that they should be re-
ceived there for the purposes of preservation and
for the exercise of the natural promptings of hu-
manity; for conservation, and notfor destruction;
and that when appropriations are made to carry
that law into execution those appropriations
should be devoted to the maintenance, the support,
the clothing, and the protection of these helpless
creatures, and not for their destruction.
Mr. CLEMENS. If the constiuction which I
place upon the law of 1819 is the correct one—and
the gentleman from New York seems to admit
that it is—then will he be kind enough to tell me
under what constitutional authority, what legal
authority, this Government has the right to stretch
its arm into Africa, and keep up a system of edu-
cation and maintenance andchristianization of the
barbarians to be found there?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not know that
I can answer with as strict an adherence to the
letter of the Constitution as can my fiiend from
Virginia, who is acknowledged to be a strict ex-
positor of thatinstrument; but I may be permitted
at this point to appeal to that higher law, recognized
by my friend, 1 am sure—the lawofhumanity, the
law of preserving life; that law, sir, which we all
recognize, the obligations of which we acknowl-
edge in this House; the law that, when life is
within our power, our action should be taken for
its preservation, and not for its destruction. But
my remarks were not directed to that point. They
were directed to this simple construction: th.it
when a law of Congress directs an executive offi-
cer to take under his care and protection human
life, the letter as well as the spirit of that law is to
the effect that that life should be conserved, and
not destroyed—to the constiuction that when -vc-r
appropriations ?re made for the execution of oh
a la w, 11 c o n fe r s u p o n t h e e x e c u t i ve o fn c e r p o v.<. • > —
not to turn loose these wild Africans, not to leave
them between heaven and earth m expmuoii of
some conceived offense—but to take care of them,
to civilize them, to protect and maintain them, ond
to provide for the comfoit of their future life. That
was the construction put upon the law of 1819 by
