1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
justice to those routes that were discontinued by
the repeal of the great Butterfield line—and there
could be harmony. If I am mistaken in this, I
am sure there is nothing to be attained, until Sen-
ators agree upon some definite policy, by sub-
mitting'it to a committee of conference; and if
you do agree upon a direct line of action upon
your part, you have no right to suppose that the
House of Representatives will not agree to it.
"When you ask them for a committee of confer-
ence, it is virtually saying to them, " the propo-
sition we put upon the bill last session is our ul-
timatum; reconcile the two if you can; but here
is the line of policy we want adopted." If you
do that, you do quite as much as I ask, quite as
much as my constituency ask, and you show
more liberality than I have reason to believe you
will; because you will leave the Butterfield route
untouched, and you will have a ceitainty of get-
ting a daily overland service by the central route
at any cost, let it be what it may.
Now, sir, I want to say another thing, and then
I shall have done. I came to this body from the
people whom I have, in my humble manner, en-
deavored to represent, under the public pledge
that I would, if possible, get them a daily over-
land mail. The people there are not exacting.
Theydo not want you to be extravagant, or more
liberal to them; but they do ask, let .the cost be
what it may—whether you concentrate the lines;
whether you give them but one line; whether you
give them two—let the arrangement bo such that
they will have a daily overland mail between the
Atlantic States and the Pacific coast. Gentlemen
of the Republican party, let me say to you, that
you got the electoral vote'-of that .State for your
nominees for President -and Vice President from
the people of that State, under the belief that you
are committed, by your Chicago platform, to this
proposition. Large masses of the people of that
State have no interest whatever in, and care but
very little about, the other questions that divide
the two parties of the country; but this was vital,
and when your convention at Chicago put this
■into your platform—made it a plank—there were
hundreds of people there, looking solely to this
pledge on the part of your party, that came for-
ward and supported your nominees, irrespective
of their political proclivities. I say, therefore, to
the Senate, whatever may be the fate of this dis-
cussion; whatever may be the result of this con-
flict between the two Houses: whatever may be
the result of this unfortunate disagreement be-
tween my colleague and myself; I plant myself
according to my pledge upon that plank, and 1
will never be content to receive anything at the
-hands of this body, or of Congress, which does
not provide for a daily overland service.
Mr. GWIN. If my colleague would only stand
by what he and I agreed upon, and what "passed
th« Senate at the lust-session, we never should have
a disagreement. Any disagreement between tiie
Senator and myself originates from the fact that
he has changed positions since the last session of
■Congress.
Mr. KliN'G. I wish to offer an amendment,
only that you may have it before you.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want to have it read,
because we have a special order for half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
give me leave. I intended to offer this amendment,
but was out of the Chamber. I do not ask it to
be read; I only send it up.
Mr. GWIN. Well, let it be offered.
Mr. SEWARD. It is an amendment to this
bill, providing for changing the route.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask whether, at this stage
of proceedings, tins matter is amendable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) No motion arises with regard to
the amendment at this time; it is only offered in
anticipation of presenting it.
Mr. LATHAM. I misunderstood the Senator
from New York.
Mr. GWIN. What is the question before the
Senate at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
as the Chair understands it, is on the motion of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] that a
committee of conference be appointed on the part
of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the post route bill.
Mr. LATHAM. The question, I think, is on
my motion, which has priority, to agree to the
House amendments.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think it has priority;
but that is not a question of any importance.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GWIN. Let me go on.
Mr. GREEN. I think the first question is on
the amendment; next on agreeing; and third, on
disagreeing and asking for a conference.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to raise any ques-
tion of order, but I desire to state the point be-
tween my colleague and myself. I have submitted
amotion that the Senate insist on its amendments
providing for a daily overland mail, and ask for a
committee of conference; and my colleague moves
that the Senate, instead of insisting on its own
amendments, agree to the amendments of the
House.
Now, Mr. President, when the bill to construct
a Pacific railroad passed the House of Represent-
atives and came to this body, although it was not
such a bill as I would have drafted, although it
was not the best hill that could have been passed,
in my judgment, yet, in order to consummate
something, to lay the foundation of that great
work, I rose in my place and urged the Senate to
pass the bill as it came to us from the House, be-
cause I knew, if it was defective, we could cure
those defects by subsequent legislation, and thus
make one step toward the commencement of that
great work. Unfortunately, the Senate differed
from me. They amended the bill. It went back
to the House; and there I fear it sleeps the sleep
of death. On the same principle, when this post
route bill came back from the House amended,
I was of the opinion that, if we could then—which
was three weeks ago—consummate the legisla-
tion, so that there would be established a daily
overland mail on the central route, we could, dur-
ingthe balancc of the session, so arrange the mail
service that we could have a ccitain route by
which wc would have a daily mail to California.
Therefore, although I differed with the House, I
made amotion to agree to the House amendments,
on the same principle that I agreed to their Pacific
railroad bill, in order that we might consummate
some legislation in the present distracted state of
the country, and, I may add, disorganized position
of the two Houses of Congress, on which wc
could base subsequent legislation that would se-
cure us this mail service; but it is well known to
us that the Senate refused to agree to the House
amendments. Thedistinguished SenatorfromVir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who is potential on this side
of the Chamber, the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] known to this body as being as fa-
miliar with the mail service as any member of the
Senate, and more so, having been Postmaster
General; and even one of my colleagues on the
Post Office Committee, the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] objected. It could not
pass the Senate. Then it was, sir, that the sub-
ject was considered informally in the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads 
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator will excuse
me. I have no recollection of ever saying a word
about th*"1 measure in any way.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will recollect that
he said he could not agree to vote to give this
central route, and also continue the Butterfield
route.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not deny that I may
have said that privately; butl said nothing about
it in the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I know the Senator gave that as
a reason then for being opposed to the adoption
of the House proposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator calls my
name in the discussion, as if 1 had participated
in it. I never had any participation in it what-
ever, and never made a single remark in the Sen-
ate about it.
Mi. GWIN. I know the Senator did not; but
he gave that as a reason for being opposed to it
then.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not wish to interrupt
my colleague; but, with his permission, I wish to
say he forgets one fact. Those amendments of
the House—and the rccord will bear me out in
the assertion—were never debated in the Senate
thirty minutes. When my colleague made the
motion to concur in them, two weeks ago last
Saturday, at the close of the day's session, the
Senator from Virginia and the Senator from New ;
Hampshire objected; the discussion lasted about
thirty minutes, and the subject went'over 'to ift©
following Monday. There hevfer has been ahy
indication, by vote or otherwise, whetherthe Sen-
ate would agree or disagree to the proposition: of
the House.
Mr. GWIN. It was perfectly apparent that
we could not get it through the Senate. That-was
very clear. If it was not, my colleague was de-
ficient in his duty in not pressing the question.
I knew it would be defeated if it was pressed, and
I did not want it to be defeated—at least that was
my judgment then.
Now, sir, I intend to review these House amend-
ments. I will first state what the Senate amend-
ment was. After long and elaborate discussion,
last year, we came to an agreement to pass an
amendment to this post route bill; and here it is:
" That the Postmaster Genera! be,and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to advertise for proposals for the daily
.transportation of the entire mail, overland, between St.
Louis, Missouri, and San Francisco, California, over the
central route, in twenty days'time, the bids to be received
until the 1st day of December next ensuing, and the ser-
vice to commence on the 1st day of July, 1861; and the
Postmaster General is hereby directed to aivard the con-
tract to the lowest responsible bidder."
.My colleague stated that this was an amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.
He is mistaken. It was reported from the Post
Office Committee by the chairman of that com-
mittee, after a full and elaborate examination of
this question, on the very last day of the session,
and passed without opposition. The issue be-
tween my colleague arid myself is, whether we
shall have a tlaily overland mail 011 the central
route ccrtain, or whether we shall insert a restric-
tion in the proposition that will destroy it. That
is the question between us. In addition to what
I have read, we inserted a section providing for a
temporary steamship service, in order that the
service might certainly go on. Here it is:
e: That the Postmaster General is authorized 10 provide
temporary steamship semo6 by the nearest and most ex-
peditious loute between New Yoik and San Francisco, at
a cost not exceeding $-100}U()0 a year, reserving to the Gov-
ernment the privilege of annulling the contract, after the
commencement of the overland service, upon ninety days'
notice."
My colleague speaks of the economy of the
legislation of the House in reducing this sum to
$350,000. The Postmaster General obtained the*
service for $350,000; it is now being performed
for that sum; and therefore, for that reason, the
House amended it. Now, what is the proposi-
tion of the House? My colleague is entirely
mistaken as to the amount of the liabilities of the
Government under it. What are they ? In the
first instance, we have got the Butterfield route,
costing $637,000, according to his statement. In
addition to that, we have the central route, at
§800,000—making $1,437,000. In addition to that,
we provide, in an additional section put on this
bill for a four years' service connecting with this
Butterfield route, at §150,000. It is a legislative
contract, making that route and connecting it with
the Butterfield route. Therefore the bill, as it
comes to us from the House, imposes an obliga-
tion on this Government, by legislative contracts,
for nearly one million six hundred thousand dol-
lars; and therefore they are contracts that you
cannot discontinue without the contractors com-
ing before Congress and asking for damages. In
addition to that, after the bill had passed, after it
| camc here, and I had made the motion to concur
in their amendments, although I was opposed to
them, they sent for the bill. They took it back,
and put an amendment in the bill in regard to the
ocean service, reducing the" sum to $350,000,
which is the contract price for which they are
carried now, and reducing the notice to sixty
days, and leaving it still to the discretion of the
Postmaster General, whether he would continue
that service or not when this overland service was
obtained. He is not required to discontinue it;
so that, according to this bill, that ocean service
can be continued. The expenses incurred under
the bill, ifitpasses, will be nearly one million nine
hundred and fifty thousand dollars; §1,600,000,
certain, and probably $350,000 additional, if this
is left to the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. This measure, which is recommended to
the Senate for its economy, increases the expend-
itures over the present service seven or eight hun-
dred thousand dollars. *
What had the Committee on the Post Office and
