1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Post Roads before t^em? They had this import-
ant subject before them, to secure this service on
the central route for the least amount for which
the service could be performed. The Senatorfrom
New Hampshire will no doubt state to the Sen-
ate before this discussion is over, that he has op-
posed the creation of the central routenntil there
was some legislation in regard to the Butterfield
route. That is an old point with him. What the
Senator has had read here as the action of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, was
not the final action of that committee. The final
action of that committee was, on the-motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire, to ask for a
committee of conference; and it was then determ-
ined, if we got this mail service, we would give
$1,000,000 for it; and, if necessary, could discon-
tinue the Butterfield route, and give them six
months' pay for the discontinuance.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say a word in
regard to the efficiency of this service under the
amendmentproposed by theHouse. I haveshown
that the liability of the Government under that
proposition will be nearly two million dollars.
There will be a certain liability of $1,600,000; and
if the ocean serviceis continued, it will amount to
$2,000,000. The Postmaster General, under the
bill as it comes to us from the House, can con-
tinue that service if he chooses to do it. It is not
said that he shall discontinue it. It says he may
discontinue it; but it docs not require that he shall
do it. He may do it at his discretion. Now,sir,
what kind of service is it? My colleague boasted
the other day that, if this bill should pass, we
should have the most perfect system ever devised.
IIow peifect is it? We have just received nonce
that the Butterfield route is cut up by the roots;
that it is cut right in two at the center. It is
stopped in all its stages through the State of Texas,
some six or seven hundred miles. We have no
mail now but the ocean service, except twice a
month across by the Salt Lake route, which my
colleague says is not a California route at all.
This is the perfect service that he speaks of—the
Buttei field route being a part of it. It turns out to
be no service at all.
in legaid to the daily mail on the central route,
I have never seen one man yet, who deserved tin4
confidence of the country, and who had examined
this question, who said that the entire mail of the
United States could be carried on that route for
$800,000—1 mean the entire mail. That is the
word of the law; and it is intended by the Con-
gress of the United States that it shall be the entire
mail.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads had before them the bill reported by the Sen-
ator from Ohio from that committee, which has
been under consideration in the Senate, which
passed the House by upwardsofa hundredmajor-
lty, which enlarges the power or discretion of the
PoslmasterGeneral, in order to enablehim to dis-
continue mail service in the seceding States. Under
that bill, one of the very first acts of the Post-
mastei General, in my judgment, would be to dis-
continue one of these great routes of the per-
fect system my colleague speaks of. We could
not shut our eyes to that fact. We could not put
it on the uncertain contingency, that if the mails
could not be carried daily m four-horse post
coaches, six times a week over the central route
for $800,000, we should not hn\e a mail at all,
and therefore must be entirely dependent on the
Buiteifiehl route, as we are now. We could not
put it on that contingency, and thus run the risk
of having no matl-at all.
JVly colleague talks about a committee of con-
fidence consulting contractors and outsiders. Sir,
I have been on a great many committees of con-
ference, and this is the first time 1 ever heard it
intimated that committees of conference of the
two Houses of Congress made any such consult-
ations. The reason we want the committee of
conference is far above and beyond that. We
want it to examine the facts, to see if we could not
reconcile the differences between the two Houses,
so that we could have this service certain. What
are^the facts? I find the weight qf this overland
mail is about sixty thousand pounds a month. It
is carried six times a wsek, twenty-four times a
month; and therefore there are twenty-five bun-
dled pounds to be carried daily over this cential
route, winter and summer. That is the average;
a thousand pounds is required to be carried in the
stages that go through in twenty days, and the
balance goes through in thirty-five days. We
wanted to ascertain whether there was any pos-
sibility of carrying such an enormous mail all the
year round—twenty-five hundred pounds of de-
partures daily, one thousand to go through in
twenty days, and fifteen hundred in thirty-five
days, for this sum of money, $800,000.
Then there is another odious discrimination in
this bill. They take a partof the printed matter,
putit with the letters, and it is t o be carried through
m twenty days, and the balance in thirty-five
days. I do not pretend to say there is any inten-
tion to abuse this power, but it could be abused to
ostracize certain printed documents, and to giye
favoritism toothers. Certain papers and printed
documents might be permitted to go through in
twenty days, while the rest would notgo through
for thirty-five days. My objections, therefore, to
the House amendment were, because of its uncer-
tainty, that it was impossible we could get the
service for $800,000 for the entire mail; and then
there was mote than a probability that the But-
terfield route v/ould be destroyed or suspended
by what has already occurred, and what is likely
to occur, and more than that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senatorfrom California will sus-
pend his remarks. It becomes incumbent on the
Chair, under the rule of the Senate, to arrest the
further consideration of this bill at this time, and
call up the bill which was made the special order
for half past twelve o'clock to-day, which is a bill
for the.payment of certain expenses incurred in
the suppression of Indian hostilities in the State
of California; which bill is now before the Senate
as m Committee of the Whole, and open to
amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope it will he over tem-
porarily, in order to allow my colleague to con-
clude his remarks.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. I will let my speech
be cut in two rather than disturb that bill.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate,unless there is a motion made for
a postponement.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone it. I think
it is due to the Senate and the countiy that this
post route bill should be disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. The bill which is now taken up
as the special order will not occupy ten minutes.
It has been examined by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of botJi Houses of Congress, and by
all the Departments of the Government. It is the
best guarded bill that has ever come up before the
Senate to pay for any Indian Ifrar debt. It reduces
the pay there to what is paid the soldiers of the
United States. 1 do not think it will take ten
minutes to go through with it; and then we can
take up this other subject, in regard to the post
route bill, and dispose of that. I believe we can
dispose of both subjects to-day.
Mr. HALE. I insist on my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I leave it to Senators to
take such course as they see fit with reference to
these bills, and the question of priority between
them; but I want them to undeistand distinctly
that when one o'clock arrives, I shall move to take
up the appropriation bill and go on with it.
Mr. LATHAM. It was on my motion that
this bill for the payment of the war debt was post-
poned until to-day, and I renewed the motion as
an act of courtesy to my colleague, supposing that
he wished to go on with his speech. As he does
not wish to do so, I hope we shall take up that
bill and go on with it. I have something to say
on that lull also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
i from New Hampshire moves to postpone tho spe-
j eial oidcr, which is the bill piovidingfoi thepay-
! mcnt of the California war debt. Does the Sen-
j ator name any tune for its consideration?
| Mr. HALE. I do not care at what time it is
; considered; but I wish to state to the Senate that
I think there is something due to this measure,
due to the Senate, and due to the country, beside
settling the personal differences of opinion be-
tween the Senators from California. I have a
responsibility in regard to this bill as a member
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and I desiie—certainly I will not take
more than ton or fifteen minutes—to explain my
views on the subject. 1 think it due to California,
and due to the gentlemen who put that plank in
the Chicago platform, that the bill should be dis-
posed of. [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Maine
will give us time to get through with this subject.
It will not detain the Senate long.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must make the motion
at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the bfll now before the Senate providing
for me payment of expenses incurred in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in California.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to know of the
Senator who makes the motion, to what time does
he propose to postpone the bill ?
Mr. HALE. I do not care what time.
Mr. GWIN. Make it the special order for
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair puts
the motion as made by the mover.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to amend it by say-
ing half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. [" Oh,
no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on assigning a special hour for its
consideration, and then on postponing the bill.
Mr. LATHAM. While I move to amend the
motion of the Senatorfrom New Hampshire, I
want the Senate to understand that I shall not
favor the motion even if it is amended. I merely
want to supply a deficiency in the motion.
Mr. HALE. I cannot hear a word you say
There are a dozen Senators around me talking
louder than you are.
Mr. LATHAM. I say that, by moving to
amend your motion by fixing a certain hour to-
morrow for the consideration of the bill, I do not
wish it to be understood that I fa\or the motion.
I merely wanted to supply a deficiency in it, m
order that the bill might not lose its position.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
amend the motion of tho Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, by assigning the bill for special considera-
tion to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to postpone, which is an in-
definite postponement, no hour or day being fixed.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone it until Mon-
day at twelve o'clock, and make it the special
order at that time.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator now will
let us go on until one o'clock, at any rate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I submitted an amendment
to this overland mail bill some time since, and 1
now move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to*.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H
R. No. 299) forthe payment of expenses incurred
m the suppression of Indian hostilities in the State
of California, is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask that the hill be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to ap-
propriate $400,000, or so much thereof as shall bo
necessary, to defray the expenses incurred by the
State of California in the suppression of Indian
hostilities therein, in the years 1854, 1855, 1856,
1858, and 1859. The Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury is to be authorized and required to audit the
accounts of California for payments for the ser-
vices of volunteers, and for supplies, transporta-
tion, and personal services, furnished or rendered
to the volunteers in the Shasta expedition of 1854,
m the Siskiyou expedition of 1855, in the Kla-
math and Humboldt expedition of 1855, in the
San Bernardino expedition of 1855, in the Kla-
math expedition of 1856,in the Modoc expedition
of 1856, in the Tulare expedition of 1858, in the
Klamath and Humboldt expedition of 1858-59,
and in the Pitt river expedition of 1859; but no
higher rate is to be allowed or paid for the ser-
vices of the volunteers than was paid for services
in the same grade and for the same time in the
United States Army serving in California, nor is
any payment to be made for the services of any
such volunteers, except for the tune during which
they shall be shown by satisfactory evidence to
