1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
state of the Union; and being taken, the amend-
ment was adopted.
The hill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and ben.;;
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third tim<-.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aclrain, Aidrich, Allen,
Ashley, liabbitt, Jhur. Bnuet, Bingham, JBlan, Blake, 13ou-
iigny, Biavton, Brigj^, Bufhntotu Buihng.nne, Burnham,
Butiei field, Carey, Caiter, Case. Horace F. Claik, Clark
B. Cochrane, John Coehiano, Colfax, Conkhng, Covodc,
James Craig, Curth, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgcrton,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fouke,
French, Gooch. Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hall, Ilelmiek,
Floasd, Iloiman, William Howard, William A Howard,
Irvine, Ju'ikin.Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon. Kilgore,Lar-
rabce, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneckcr, Loomi*, Love-
joy, Maelu), Charles D. Martin, McClernand, McKean,
MeKenty, MeKnight. McPherson, Millward, Montgomery,
Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Nibiack, Noell, Pendleton,
i'eiry, i'etut, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin K. Reynolds!,
John fl. Reynolds, Rice, Itiggs., Royce, Scianton, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Spanldimr, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewait, Stout, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Val-
landigh.im, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldion, Walton,
Cadvvalader O. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa*hburne, Israel
Washburn, Webster, Wells, and Wilson—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Andeison, William C. An-
derson, Avcrv, Baikrdale, IJonham, Boteler, Branch,
Blown, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Ciopton, Cobb,
Co\* Burton Ciaiqe, Crawford, Cuny, John G. Davis, Reu-
ben Davis, De Jamelte, Eihnund-on, English, Garnett,
Gartrell, Gilmei, Flaideman, John T. Hann, Hill, Ilmd-
man, Hughes, Jackson, Jone«, Kunkcl, Lamlrum, James
M. Leach, Leake, Mallory, Elbeit fci. Mattm, Maynard,
Mc(Aueon, McRue, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
PejtDii, 1*1}or, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Simms, William
Sm.th, William N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Stephenson,
James A. Stewart, Stoker, Thomas. Underwood, Vance,
Woodson, and Wiight—60.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COX stated that he was opposed to the first
item of the hill,and should therefore vote "no."
Mr. EDWARDS stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN then moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the bill was passed; and also moved
to Jay the morion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN,from theCommittee of Ways
and Means, repotted a bill making appiopriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th June, 1SG3; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following reso-
lution:
Rc<oh-e>l, (with the consent ot the Senate,) That when
this House adjourns to monow,  t adjouin to meet on the
?th da> of J.iiiuan , ibOL
Mi. KILGORE. I object to that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
privileged question.
Mr. FLORENCE. The resolution is put in a
foim which will obviate the difficulty referred to
this morning by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock.] I have offered it for the purpose
of allowing gentlemen to express their opinion^
pose of terminating the matter, I move to indef-
initely postpone the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope not. Let us have a
square vote upon the resolution by yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. The motion is not in order,
I appiehend, while my call for the previous ques-
tion is pending. My only object is to give gen-
tlemen an opportunity to vote squarely upon the
proposition. I understand that members voted
against the resolution of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbuujje] this morning, because it
would not allow ihe committte of thnty-three to
sit during the reo. ss. My resolution is not hable
to that objection.
Mi. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit th;ii this question having already been
voted on to-day, the resolution is not in order.
Mr. WASliBURNE, of Illinois. This is an
entirely different proposition.
Air. SHERMAN. It is precisely the same
proposition, as I understand it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is entirely
different; but even if it was the same, these priv-
ileged questions can be repeated as often as gen-
tlemen choose to present them. The resolution
which I offered provided that wjien the two
Houses adjourn to-morrow, they adjourn to meet
on the — day of January next. This resolution
proposes that the House adjourn with the consent
of the Senate. It does not provide for the ad-
journment of both Houses.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Do I understand
that under this resolution the committee of thirty-
three will have the right to sit during this recess?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly;
that is the very reason why the change lias been
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the demand for the
previous question will be withdrawn. I think
this is a resolution which we ought to discuss for
a little time before we conclude to adopt it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It would not
be debatable if the previous question hadnotbeen
called.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish simply to say that I
have so far voted against all these motions to
adjourn over for any length of time; but I have
become satisfied that the best thing we can do is to
adjourn over a sufficient time to allow gentlemen
to go home and consult their constituents upon
the great emergency which we have reached in
the affairs of the country. The committee of thirty-
three will be permitted to remain in session. I
think the time fixed in the resolution is too long;
but believing the House had better adjourn over
for the purpose I have stated, I shall vote for the
resolution as it stands. *
Mr. BARR. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
at this time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. KILGORE called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adiain, Thomas L. An-
deivon, William C. Anderson, Aveiy, Bnrksdale, Barr,
Bairet, Boeoek, Rotelci, Bouhsny, Bianeb, Ih i£<rs, Blown,
Hoiace P. Cl<uk, John L . Claik, Clopton, John Coehrane,
Jame^ Ciaig, Burton Craigo, Cuuvlord, Curry, John G.
Davis. Reuben D.ivi^, I)e Jarnette, Duell, Edgcrton, Ed-
mundson, English, Florence, Fouke, Gaitr«ll, Giahain,
JI a 11, Ilaideinan, John T. Hairis, Ila&kin, Hill, Ilindman,
[I">u--ton, Ilujjhe^j Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Landuim,
La.rabec, Leake, Love, Lovejoy, Mao lay, Mal'or}, Elbert
Martin. Alavnard, McClernand, Laban T. Mooie, Syd-
enham Mooie. Niblaek, rcyton. Potter, Piyor, Pugh,
(iu.ule-s, Keag.in, Itisrgh, James C. Robinson, Russt, Scott,
Seranton, Sedgwick, William Smith, William N. H.
Smith, Ktallwoith. James A. Stewart, William Stewart,
Stiaitoiis Thomas, Undei wood, Cadwuluder C. Washburn,
Eihi.n B.W;<s4ibuine, Web-„tei, Whiteley, and Wright—8^.
NAYS—Aldnch, Allen, Alloy, A>hley, Ashmore,
Babbitt, B'-aie, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brauoti, Bufhnton,
BurlmsMmo, Burnett, Burnham, Butterfie5d,Caiey, Carter,
Case, Clemens, Cobb, Colfax, Conklmg, Covode, Cox,
Cuitts, Dawe^, Delano, Edwards,F' ot, Famswoith, Fen-
ton, Foster. Fiank. French,Gilmer, \jlooeh,Gto\v, Gurley.
Ilnle, J. r Ioirison Hants, Ilelmiek, Iiolman,William Ilovv
aid, livine. France W. Kellogg. Kenyon, Kilgore, Kunkcl,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Loiujnecker,
Loomi-., Chailes i). Martin, McKcan, McKentv, iVIc-
Waldion, Walton,'WelK, Wils>on, and \Vmslow—92.
So die resolution was iejected.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. RIGGS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Win'slow.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUiiNETT, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TnuRSDAi, December 20, 18G0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate \ letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating a report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey, snowing the progress of that work
during the year ending November 1, 1860, with
a map, prepared in obedience to an act of Con-
gress, approved March 3, 1853.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the communica-
tion, with the documents, be laid on the t^ble,
and that they be printed. I send to the Chair a
resolution for the printing of extra numbers,
which will, of course, go to the Committee on
Printing.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, six thousand two hundred copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1860;
one thousand two hundted of which for the use of the Sen-,
ate. and five thousand for distribution by the said superin-
tendent ; that the same be printed and bound, with the charts
arid sketches, m quarto form, and that Hie printing of said
charts and sketches shall be done to the satisfaction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The resolution, with the motion to print the
usual number, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the petition of John
S. Livermore, an invalid pensioner, prayingthat
he may be paid from the time his disability oc-
curred; which was referred to the Commitee on
Pensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I present the petition
of William R. Combs, praying a pension on ac-
count of his services during the revolutionary war
and that of 1812. He is an old soldier, and I rec-
ommend his petition to the particular attention of
the Committee on Pensions, to whom I move its
reference.
It was so referred.
Mr. KING. I desire to presenta petition from
the owners of certain steamship lines of the coun-
try, in which they allege that there is now before
the Senate a bill entitled " An act further to pro-
vide for the safety of passengers in vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam," which has
been read twice, and referred, to the Committee on
Commerce. The petitioners ask the Senate that
they may have an opportunity to be heard before
thccommittee. Ihaveno doubt that the commit-
tee, without any action or order of the Senate, will
give these gentlemen, who have a large interest in
the business and in the bill, a hearing. I ask that
their petition be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. KING. I also present the memorial of
Mrs. J. A. Constant, for herself and others,heirs
of John Sinclair, deceased, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
year 1800. That bill is before the Senate, and I
move that the memorial be laid on the table, with
the other papers.
The mcHiotial was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was-
Ordered, That the petition of William R. Combs, praying
to be allowed a pension, on account of disability Incurred
white in the military service of the TJnited States, on the
files ot the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask the Senate to
take up bill S. No. 414, for the relief of Keziah
Pntchctt, formerly widow of David Moore. The
object is to recommit it to the committee. I un-
derstand there are some errors in the bill, and the
committee desire to have charge of it.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and the bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAYIS, from the Committee on Military
Altairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 520) to furnish arms and accouterments
to a volunteer company in Lexington, Kentucky,
r-ported it without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; and submitted a report
on the subject, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memouul of Lieutenant George
L. llartsuff, of the United States Army, praying
to bo reimbursed for the loss of public property
while in his charge, by the wreck of the steamer
Lady FJgin, on Lake Michigan, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (8. No. 523) for the
