1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
plies are almost unattainable, and where the sav-
age upon the frontier strikes as and when you
least expect him. This debt was contracted in
defense of the lives and property of our people
upon such a frontier as that. Are we to be told,
almost sneeringly,thatwe have waited live years
and ought not to be paid at all? More shame to
those who caused us to wait. Sir, some of us, at
least, from the Pacific coast, acknowledge that
there are great demands made by the frontier upon
the central civilized portions of the country. I,
at least, as one of their representatives, am will-
ing to vote that ray own people shall bear all their
proportion of these legitimate burdens. I come
here and vote for the highest tax on iron, on cof-
fee, on tea, and on sugar. I will vote $15,000,000
for a Navy; I will vote $15,000,000 for an Army;
I will vote millions for a Coast Survey; J will
vote al! that gentlemen from New York, or Penn-
sylvania, or Ohio, or Indiana, or Illinois, ask me to
vote, for the common defense and the general wel-
fare. 1 do it on the recommendation of commit-
tees; 1 do it according to the custom of the House
and the Senate; I do it loyally, full of devotion to
the whole Union. I would despise, myself if I
were to sneer," to hint a faultand hesitate dislike,"
because here$1,000,000and there §2,000,000 were
to be spent which, locally, would not benefit my
people.
Sir, not interested more than any other Senator
for this peculiar bill, I am willing to vote for it.
I have lived there: I have seen something of fron-
tier service; 1 know the exposure, the privation,
the doubt, the dread, the difficulty, the danger,
the bloodshed, the massacre, amid which we have
fertilized the wilderness, and made it " bloom and
blossom like the ruse;" and if, sometimes, that
fertility is increased by the heart's blood of our
women and our children, that is a poor reason
why, after five years' delay, we are to be scaled,
diminished, decreased, belittled, demeaned, and
then, not only our just debt disputed, but our mo-
tives impugned, when we come here to ask it.
1 claim foi California to-day, as I should, if I
could be heard before the other House to-morrow,
for Oregon, the just payment of a just debt long
delayed, none the loss just for that; and I shall
call for it day by day and year by year as long as
my people place me here, or until they shall send
a better man.
Mr. KING. I should certainly be disposed to
vote all that I deemed was duo to these men, and
at a fair, liberal compensation for the services they
rendered that were necessary. It is the business
of the country to defend the frontier settlements,
and it is for that purpose that we have a standing
Army, and chiefly for that purpose. We have
hail reports and disputes in relatioij to the pro-
priety of calling out the militia for this purpose;
and we have had statements from our commander
on the Pacific, General Wool, a capable and ad-
mirable officer, when he was upon thnt frontier,
that many of these expeditions were unnecessary,
and that it would have been better to leave the
defense of the settlement to the regular troops,
large numbers of which were there for the pur-
pose.
The gentleman makes a very eloquent and feel-
ing description of the mm der of women and chil-
dren. Why, Mr. President, we all listen to that
with sadness; but shall their neighbors, shall
those who live in that quarter, come here, and,
because a portion of their people have been butch-
ered by the savages, undertake to make a specu-
lation out of this Government, and wring from
our sympathies for this sad destruction, money
from the Treasury of the United States, to pass
into the hands of people who were not killed by
the Indians, and who were neither women nor
children > That is another view of this matter.
Perhaps we should do something for the families
that suffered. I do not know but that I would
extend my sympathy for them in the way of lib-
erality, by doing something for them; but the
persons who have these claims against the Gov-
ernment are not even those who reside in those
remote quarteis. Very nearly the whole amount
of these claims stand here until they have passed
into the hands of brokers, perhaps in the very city
of New York that the Senator talks of, because
I think there are no set of men m the world who
are sharper, and keener for speculation. They
speculate on almost anything: and I should not
be surprised if a large portion of these war claims
were now owned by brokers in the city of New
York. I represent that State in part, and am de-
sirous that they shall have what is due to them,
as I am willing that all persons, in all parts of
the country, shall have what is due to them. But
I have believed that though, while these claims
are in the hands of the remote settlers, they are
not brought here to be liquidated and settled by
the Department, yet, when they pass into the
hands of millionaires 
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator from New
York allow me to state a fact?
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. I have heard that before, and
had occasion to look into it. Now, I state upon
my responsibility here, that,in my best judgment,
there is not to-day twelve per cent, of the entire"
Oregon war debt owned anywhere else than by
the people of Oregon themselves; and what I say
of that debt I believe, though I do not state it so
positively, to be-substantially true about the lit-
tle appropriation that is now asked for. The Or-
egon war debt is scattered in every valley and
npon every hillside in Oregon; and it passes from
hand to hand in payment in the trade that we
make in Oregon, and does not get out of its bor-
ders even now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is again in-
cumbent on the Chair, under the rule of the Sen-
ate, to arrest the further consideration of this bill,
and call up for consideration a bill assigned as a
special order for this hour—one o'clock to-day.
It is the unfinished business of yesterday, the
joint resolution (S. No. 54) proposing certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States; and that resolution is before the Senate for
consideration.
Mr. LATHAM. I move temporarily to post-
pone the special order, so that we can go on and
finish this bill. We can finish it in fifteen min-
utes. The discussion is nearly all over now, and
we can have a vote at once. I therefore move to
postpone the special order temporarily, in order
that we may finish this bill. I hope the Senator
from Maine will allow that to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators are about to
proceed to vote on this bill, I shall not object to
passing over the special order for a few moments
temporarily. "
Mr. LATHAM. I believe no one else wishes
to speak.
Mr. KING. I have no disposition to extend
the discussion of this matter. I have stated my
objections to the bill, as I proposed to do, and
desire to vote against it. I have no disposition
to talk about it further. I shall vote against it;
let others vote as they please.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the special order will be passed over
informally, and for the time being.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it re-
quires a specific motion.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to suspend the special
order for fifteen minutes.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the special order will go
over to one o 'clock to-morrow. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] lias the floor on it, and he
does not wish to speak to-day.
Mr. KING. If a vote cannot be taken on it,
this bill had bettor go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California make a motion to postpone
the consideration of the special order until one
o'clock to-morrow?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to postpone the considera-
tion of this bill, and make it a special order 
Mr. LATHAM. The Indian war debt bill?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; but the joint resolution
announced by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution which is the special order before the
Senate.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the California war debt bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will let it go on for a
few minutes.
Mr. LATHAM. It will be through in ten or
fifteen minutes.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall not stay here if 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friends on this side
object to my giving way, and 1 cannot do it. Let
this bill go over.
Mr. LATIIAM. There is to be no more dis-
cussion.
Mr. KING. It had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE. I submit an amendment, to
come in at the end of the first section of this bill.
Several Senators. What bill is before us?
TheJPRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order having been postponed, the California war-
debt bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone it
until half past twelve o'clock to-morrew, and
make it the spbeial order for that time, for the
purpose of taking up now the civil appropriation
bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Maine to what I have
heard him say often on this floor, and I think
very forcibly, in censure of the policy of taking
up a bill, and when we are nearly through with
it, postponing it to some other da^y. He has al-
ways advocated the finishing of a question thatis
up, before we go to any thing else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that what-
ever may be my opinion, I am acting in this mat-
ter as the organ of the Finance Committee, under
the direction of others; and howevermuch I may
be disposed to oblige the Senator from California,
I must insist upon going on with the appropria-
tion bill. I can only say to the Senator, that I
am in favor of his bill, and with a little amend-
ment which we propose, but which is not quite
ready yet, I will give every facility to pass it at
the earliest moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. HALE. Is the motion to postpone de-
batable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. HALE. I take an- appeal from that de-
cision, and on that I want to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that the motion to postpone a bill to a
definite time, and fix it as a special order for a
particular hour, is not debatable on the question
of the merits of the measure. From that decis-
sion, the Senator from New Hampshire takes an
appeal to the Senate.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I do not take an appeal
from that decision. That was not the decision.
I asked if the motion to postpone was debatable.
The Chair said no. I was going to assign reasons
why the bill should not be postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
takes the motion as it was made. The motion
was to postpone the bill until to-morrow, and
make it the special order for half past twelve
o'clock; and that is the only motion.
Mr. HALE. And the Chair decides that it is
not'debatable?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that that is not debatable.
Mr. HALE. From that, I take an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?" That question is de-
batable.
Mr. HALE. On that I want to be heard. I
want to suggest to the Senate and to the Chair—
and then 1 think the Chair will reverse its decis-
ion—that from the time 1 have been in the Senate
to the present hour, I never heard that ruling
made before. I do not put it to debate the merits
of the bill; but I say that a motion to postpone
is always open to suggestions as to the propriety
of taking up that question or not; and if my recol-
lection is good for anything, the uniform and un-
interrupted decision of the Senate has been, that
when a motion is made to postpone it is m order,
not to debate the merits of the bill, bul to assign
reasons why it ought not to be taken up; and
having stated that, it is all that I want to state
before having the opinion of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the appeal from the decision*of the Chair.
A motion was made to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock, and make it the special order for
that hour. The debate running upon the merits
