154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
relief of Lieutenant George L. HartsuiF, United
States Army. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
TUB TARIFF BILL*
Mi*. HUNTER. .The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No. 338)
to provide for the payment of outstanding Treas-
ury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix
the duties on imports, and for other purposes,
have directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it be postponed until the 4th of
March next. I do not propose to take up for
action the report now, but ask that it lie on-the
table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go upon the
Calendar.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Cleric, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 866J to supply de-
ficiencies in tlio appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending .Tune 30, 1861, in which the
concurtence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 518) for the
relief of William A. Linn's estate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H.R. No. 861) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending June 30, 1862; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending .Tune 30, 1861, was, on motion of Mr.
Hunter, read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
FORTS XX CHARLESTON HARBOR.
"\j Mi. CLARK. If thcroarc no further petitions
or reports, 1 ask the Senate now to take up the
resolution of inquiry winch I submitted the other
day in regard to Forts Moultrie and Sumter.
Mr. PUGH. I hope that resolution will not
he adopted. 1 do not wish to go into the debate
at present, I shall speak more or less to it to-
day if 1 get the floor, as I expect to do. I hope
the Senator will not press it.
Mr. CLARK, i desire that it should be acted
on. i do not desire that it should be debated;
but I ask permission to take the vote of the Sen-
ate on the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion?
Mr. LANE. On the morning after the resolu-
tion was submitted by the Senator from New
Hampshire, I offered a preamble and resolutions,
and gave notice that when the resolution of the
Senator should come up for consideration, 1 would
offer mine as an amendment to or substitute for
his. The Senator from Illinois, who is not now
in his scat, [Mr. Douglas,"] moved that the reso-
lutions should bo referred to the special commit-
tee of thirteen, and I supposed that his motion
embraced the resolution of the Senator from New
Hampshire as well as my resolutions; but it ap-
pears that was not the case. My resolutions
were referred and nothis. Now, sir, as a portion
of the resolutions that I introduced are perhaps
of such a nature that they could not properly be
offered as an amendment to or substitute for this
proposition, I will simply move to amend the
Senator's resolution by striking out. all after the
word " resolved," and inserting the last two res-
olutions of the set that I introduced; and I do
this, Mr. President, because I feel it my duty. I
do it because i believe the peace of the country
makes it necessary that the two resolutions I
now propose should be adopted in place of the
one offered by the Senator from New Hampshire;
and for thv reason 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator from Oregon that
the question now is on taking up the resolution
of the Senator from New Hampshire. It is moved
and seconded that it be taken up.
Mr. LANE. I did not know that there was
any objection to taking it up.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope that the resolution
of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
will not be taken up this morning. I agreed to
postpone a special order yesterday, until one
o'clock to day, which is a matter of very great
importance. 1 should be extremely sorry to be
obliged to postpone it again to-day; and I hardly
suppose that we can get through with the discus-
sion upon this resolution by one o'clock. If we
can, I have no objection to its being taken up
now; but otherwise I should be extremely sorry
that it should displace the special order.
Mr. CLARK. I do not suppose it will interrupt
any special order of the gentleman from Mary-
land. I do not suppose it will occupy much time
in its discussion; and it seems to me the Senate
might as well take it up now as any time. It
certainly is not so pressed with business in the
morning hour at this time, that it cannot consider
this resolution during that hour, or a portion of
it. I hope the Senate will take it up now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me the char-
acter of this resolution must bo misapprehended,
or the Senator from Maryland would have no ob-
jection to taking it up. It is a resolution of in-
quiry, asking for information from the President.
I cannot conceive that any one should wish to
discuss it.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have no objection to the
resolution itself; I am only afraid it will lead to
a long debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot conceive why
there should be a debate upon it, or why the Sen-
ator from Oregon, if he has looked at the resolu-
tion, should propose to amend it. Itmerelyasks
for information, not for any action. Probably it
would be as desirable to thatSenatoras toany of
us, to know what the condition of these fortifica-
tions may be, and what the President may have
done in regard to them. Tins resolution is not
one proposing action; it is one of that class of res-
olutions that haveahvays been permitted to pass
in tins body without controversy, unless there was
something objectionable in the call. If there is
in this case, of course it ought to be modified. If
there is anything improper in the information
asked for, that would be on objection to it. 1 am
not aware that such is the case, or that there is
any objection to the subject-matter of the resolu-
tion at all. Then it seems to me there can be no
possible objection to taking it up and passing upon
it without consuming time.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no idea, if this reso-
lution is taken up, that it can be passed without
consuming time. It relates to a most important
and delicate matter, involving nothmgless, I fear,
than the fate of this country. I should very much
regret to see this resolution pass. Of course I
shall not undertake to debate it until it comes up;
but if it does come up, it is not to bo expected
that the resolution will pass through without
some debate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope that those Sena-
tors who are anxious that peace should be re-
stored to a distracted country and the Union of
these States preserved will not agree to take up
tiiis resolution now, arid that they will not agree
to consider this resolution or the resolutions which
have been offered by the Senator from Oregon,
at any period of the piesent session—at least not
now. No possible good can result from their
consideration. They can only lead to excite-
ment; they can only tend to increase the excite-
ment which now unfortunately prevails. I there-
fore think that, if we desire peace, if we desire
harmony, if we desire to continue together as
members of the same great family of States, these
exciting resolutions should not be introduced
here to mar what little of harmony is left, and to
destroy what little of peace is left.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, this is simply a
question of taking up my resolution. I may be
permitted to say that I did not introduce this res-
olution for the purpose of exciting any angry
debate, or for the purpose of marring the peace
or happiness of the country, or endangering its
perpetuity. If? when this resolution shall be
taken up, there shall be found anything in it
wh:ch endangers the peace of the country, no
Senator will be more ready than I will be to sup-
pi ess such an inquiry or to suppress such a por-
tion of the ifsohition. I'do not agree with the
Senator from Delaware, when he says this reso-
lution is calculated to irritate or endanger the I
peace of the country. There arc various rumors
abroad in the community, which tend mere, in
my judgment, to endanger the peace and excite
apprehension and anxiety, than anything there is
in this resolution. It is better to know the truth
than to listen constantly to suspicion. It is bet-
ter, perhaps, to know where we are than to be in
doubt. If there is anything in this resolution
incompatible with the public service, or which
may endanger the peace of the counuy, let any
gentleman, when it shall be up, move to strike it
out, and no man will be more ready to do it than
I will. I make the motion now to take up this
resolution, because the Senate does not seem to
be pressed with business. The Senate may ad-
journ over, and it is desirable that this resolution
should be acted upon before we adjourn. I hope
the Senate will proceed to take it up and consider
it this morning.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, it may be ex-
pected that I should explain the object 1 have in
vie.v inoffeiingan amendment to this resolution.
Mr. CLARK. Is that in order?
Mr. LANE. I believe it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.^
The Chair is of opinion that, under the ruling of
the Presiding Officer of the body, debate on a
motion to take up or postpone a subject, except
simply to state general reasons in regard to it, is
not in order. Within that rule, the Chair under-
stands debate to be in order; but it is not proper
to debate the merits of the question.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 understand that the Sen-
ator from Oregon proposes amendments to this
resolution. Can they be entertained until the
resolutio-i is taken up? 1 make the inquiry as a
question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They cannot.
Mr. LANE. I do not desire to go into the
amendments. I only propose to reply to the re-
marks of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] who seemed to appeal to me to favor the
taking up of the lesoiution, or rather expressed
surprise that I should object to Us coming up.
Now, sir. ordinarily, resolutions of inquiry ought
to pass without objection. It has been the cus-
tom of tho Senate, i believe, to pass such resolu-
tions without interposing dela y or objection. But,
sir, as the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] very properly remarked, this resolution
relates to matters that will surely produce excite-
ment m the country, that will give rise to much
concern and uneasiness, and it is not calculated
to restore peace and good feeling and harmony in
the country. My object, above all things, is to
see peace prevail, and, if possible, to restore good
fueling among the people of the entire country.
This resolution has for its object—at least it
looks in that direction—the strengthening of cer-
tain fortifications. That may excite the public
mind, when it ought to be soothed; and I think it
ought not to be taken up and considered this ses-
sion. Let us leave things as they are. 1 am for
peace; 1 want to see peace in the country. 1 am
opposed to anything that would be likely to getup
tioublc, or unnecessary uneasiness and anxiety.
These are the reasons that 1 have for opposing
the taking up of the resolution, and they were the
reasons that induced me to draw the amendment
th/t I shall propose if the resolution comes up;
b/t I think it better that it shall not be taken up.
J Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire to
say a single word only in regard to taking up this
resolution, in reply to both the Senatoi from Del-
aware and the Senator fiom Ougon. It is a res-
olution that requests information from the Presi-
dent, if compatible with the public interest. Of
course, he will communicate nothing except in
his discietion. The resolution,as f understand,
is so framed as to ask for information, if in his
opinion it is not incompatible with the public ser-
vice. Such resolutions have always been per-
mitted to pass this body. This resolution relates
to matters about which we are not informed; and
it seems to me that all of us, on all sides of the
Chamber, be the question ever so delicate, should
have information m regard to it. If it is of that
serious charactcr which Senatois oo the other
side tell us it is, we certainly do not want to act
in the dark; and how this ean be regarded as a
war measure, or how the sensibilities of the Sen-
ator from Delaware can have become alarmed, I
cannot conceive, when it is to obtain information
as to what the Executive is doing, and only such
