1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
of the bill, the Chair reminded the Senate that the
question was not a debatable one. Prom that
decision, the Senator from New Hampshire ap-
pealed. The Chair has not decided that upon a
motion to postpone, or a motion to take up, sug-
gestions which will operate in favor of or against
that motion are not in order; but discussion upon
the bill the Chan* decided was not in order, and
so reminded gentlemen. From that decision the
"Senator from New Hampshire takes an appeal.
The question then is, "Shall the ruling of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr.HALE. 1 have taken no such appearand
never shall. I put no such question, and never
■shall. A motion was made to postpone this bill
to a certain hour, a^d make it a special order. I
asked the Chair if that question was debatable.
The Chair said no; and from that I took an ap-
peal. I have not asked the Chair, and I have not
contended, thatdebate on the merits of the bill is in
order; but I asked whether it was in order to sug-
gest reasons why that motion should- not prevail?
1 do not take any appeal from any such decision
as the Chair lias just announced.
Mr. LATHAM. Then withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. No. I want to make one or two
suggestions upon the question; and if the Chair
says they are in order I will make them; if not,
I will take an appeal; but I do not want it put
that I have appealed from a ruling that it is not
in order to discuss the merits of the bill; because
I have made no such claim, and assumed no such
position.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
extent of the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HALE. Then I will go on. The motion
is to postpone this bill until to-morrow, and make
it the special order of the day, at half past twelve
o'clock. My reason for objecting to that, is the
reason that has been suggested by the Senator
from California, and which has heretofore been
suggested by the Senator from Maine, though the
Senator from Maine has said that now he did not
follow the counsels that the Senator from Cali-
fornia suggested he had before given, because he
acted as the organ of the committee. Well, sir,
I am acting as the organ of a committee, and upon
a much more important bill, I think, than this one,
that was up when this was taken up—1 mean the
post route biil. That mv.olves the great measure
of the overland mail from here to California, and
I think that that measure should not be postponed
day after day and time after time for matters of
this kind. I think there is great force in the sug-
gestion, that things of this sort had better be dis-
posed of at once, and not taken up, talked upon
naif an hour, and then postponed and made a spe-
cial order for a future time, becausc, when they
come up again, all thespeeches are repeated,and
nothing isgaincd. I think itis bettcrfortheSenate
toad hereto business regularly, and go on regularly.
Mr. GWIN. There is a special order for one
o'clock to-morrow. It is moved that this bill be
made the spccial order for half past twelve o'clock.
It is just cutting it to pieces. [" Question!"
" Question!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. The Chair did not make the
decision I supposed, and of course I do not appeal
from a decision that was not made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his appeal?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; not if the Chair has
made such a decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain any conditional appeal of that
kind. The question is on postponing the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock, and making it the special
order for that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that, at this pe-
riod of the session, it has been customary to let
the appropriation bills take precedence; and the
debate on this bill has been opened up since we
commenced action on the civil appropriation bill.
That is under consideration in the Senate; two
hours have gone by of the morning, and now it
it is time to take it up; and I believe it is in ac-
cordance with usage to do so, unless there is some-
thing more pressing. I hope, therefore, the Sen-
ate will take it up.I shall not interfere with this
bill in the morning.
Mr. KING. I call for a division of the ques-
tion. I am willing to postpone this bill, but not
to make it a special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is an entire proposition, and not divisi-
ble.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it will make no
difference if I modify my motion so as to postpone
this bill simply until half past twelve o clock to-
morrow. That will operate in the same way.
The motion to postpone was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 25, noes 18.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 895) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the Veai* ending the 30th of June,
1862.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the pending amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate adjourn. [" Oh, no."] I call for the
yeas and nays. I think we have done enough
for to-day.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Mess-is. Baker, Bajard, Dtglcr, IJiagg, Biight>
Clmgman, Crittenden, Fitch, Gieen, Hemphill, Hunter?
Johnson of Aikaii*^, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy*
Mat-on, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, and
YViglall—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chan-
dler, Clark, Di.\on, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fe^senden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwm, Halo, Ifatlnn, King, Lane,
Latham, Seward, Simmon5!, Sunmet,Ton Eyck, Tium-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
Committee on Finance; which was, in line two
hundred and sixty-two, to strike out " twenty,"
and insert " thirty;"' so that the clause will read:
Forf.mveywg the public lands and private land claims
m California, to be rfisbmsed at the rates prescribed by law
for the different kinds of work, ."$30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line two hundred
and seventy-one, to strike out the word "when,"
and insertwhere;" so that the clause will read:
For salary of the clerk detailed for the spccial service in
the General Land Office to attend to the unfinished sur-
veys in the States where the offices of the surveyors gen-
eial have been closed, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line two hundred
and eighty-four, to strike out " 1855," and insert
" 1853;" so that the clause will read:
For preparing the unfinished records of public and pri-
vate buiveys,to"bo trainterred to the State authorities, un-
der the provisions ot the act of iOtli of June, 1840, in those
di-unets where ihe biuveys aie about being completed, per
act of22d of January, 18511, AH,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the bill:
To supply deficiency in appiopriation for expenses for
the piCM'nt fiscal year, of tran^poi Utton of bullion fiom the
as«-.i> office at New York to the Mint at Philadelphia, for
coinage, .$2!),000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill:
For constituting on each fjooi of the Government build
ing, called "Winder's Building,'5 the necessary wsitcr-
closcu, minals, s)op-watet mules, and hose cock?, §3,450.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill:
For pa\ment to Geoige P. Kane, president of the Ex-
change Company of Baltimore, for extra work done on the
pos-t office building in the aty of Baltimore, $9,688 82.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including wast-
age of the Mint at Philadelphia, in addition to the sum
appropriated by the act "milking appiopriations tor the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment," §15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including wast-
age ar the Mint at San Francisco, in addition to the sum
appropriated by the act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment,-'5 $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add:
To eiidbtc the President of the Cmtcd States to carry into
effect the act of 3d March, 1819, and anysubeeqnem acts
now in force for the suppression ofthe stave trade, $900,000;
and the President is hereby authorized to allow such com-
pensation to the United States raarshal&jdistriet attorneys,
and any other persons employed in enforcing said laws, as
iftay to him seem proper, lor any services they may render*
for which no allowance can now be made under .existing
laws.
Mr. MASON. I desire to know from the hon-
orable Senator from Maine whether there is cm-"
braced in that $900,000 the expense, or any part
of the expense, of keeping the fleet on the African
station, which is provided for by treaty; and if not,
to what purpose the money is to be applied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No part of the expense
of keeping up the fleet is included in this appro-
priation, as a matter of course. This is to carry
out the law with reference to the return of captured
Africans alone. They are sometimes brought to
this country, and sometimes carried directly back
to Africa, and landed in Liberia, where they are
taken care of by the Colonization Society. This
appropriation is merely to meet those expenses,
and it is the^ame amount which was appropriated
for the present fiscal year;and the Department have
no doubt the entire sum will be required for the en-
suing fiscal yffctr. We made a very careful exam-
ination of the matter. The Secretary oftlic Interior
came before the committee, and explained it from
beginning toend. The chairman doubted at one
time whether the expenses were not too large,
whether the sum paidfyas not more than was ne-
cessary; but he became satisfied after all that it
was the best bargain we could make in relation to
this matter, and that this sum was absolutely ne-
cessary.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the first
part of the amendment; but I shall ask for a divis-
ion of the question. I have ho objection to the
appropriation of $900,000 for the purpose of car-
rying into effect the laws for the suppression of
the slave trade, as recommended by the committee.
I am satisfied the trade ought to be suppressed,
and I am willing to vote the money for the pur-
pose; but 1 do object to the latter part of the
clause. It is a grant of power which I should be
unwilling to give to any President, no matter who
lie is. It provides:
And the President is hereby authorized to allow such
compensation to tho United Slates marshals, district attor-
neys, apd.any other persona employed in enfoicing said
laws, as may to him seem proper, foi any services they may
rendei, for which no allowance can now be made*under
existing laws.
It is giving a discretionary power to the Presi-
dent of the tTnited States to make any species of
allowance he pleases to any person he chooses for
what he considers services rendered for the pur-
pose of carrying these laws into effect. I think it
is a discretion too broad to give in any case to any
executive officer. I see no necessity for a bonus
of this kind being given to the United States offi-
cers. It is their duty, under the proper laws, to
perform what the acts of Congress require oft hem,
without receiving peculiar compensation for each
particular duty. If the emoluments of their of-
fice are not sufficient, increase them. I do not like
such a provision as applied, not to this particular
case alone, but to any case. I am in favor of an
appropriation of money to carry the laws into
effect; but I am unwilling to vote for that part of
the amendment which gives so broad adiscretion
in the use of the publrc money, and particularly
a large appropriation of §900,000, to any execu-
tive officer. I ask for a division of the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-,
ment being divisible, the first question will be on
the first clause of it, to insert these words:
To enable the President of the United States to carry into
effect the act of 3d Maich, 1819, and any subsequent nets
now m fojcc for the suppression of the slave trade, $900,000.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection to the sup-
pression of the slave trade, and it is our duty to
appropriate money enough to fulfill our treaty
obligations, whatever they are; but the manner in
which this is proposed to be done by the return
of Africans, I do object to. It costs, according
to the information I have received, about two hun-
dred and fifty dollars ahead, when it ought not to
cost forty dollars a head; and I believe it to be
the duty of Congress to interpose. The Coloni-
zation Society has put on its own price*, and, out
of deference to it, and for the purpose of cncourag-
ing that benevolent association, we have yielded
too much, for we are now paying $250 a head for
