1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
what we can get accomplished for forty dollars
There should be some check, and we ought to
interpose some obstacle. I am opposed to the im-
portation of Africans. I do not want them here;
but while I am opposed to it, 1 must act in a con-
stitutional and economical way. Congress has
the power to suppress the trade, by putting a
police around our coast, no t by putting a squadron
on the African coast, preventing the trade with
any other nation. That is unconstitutional. That
is in violation of international law; but I will let
all that pass. When they do come here, or when
they are caught, and we are to send them back,
let us do it in the most economical way, not ne-
cessarily by throwing them into the hands of the
Colonization Society, but by taking the most eco-
nomical method we can devise. We can send (hem
back for forty dollars a head, as well as for $250.
I shall therefore vote against this amendment of
the committee.
~ The first branch of the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred upon the second
brancli of the amendment, to insert the following
words:
And the President is hereby authorized to allow such
compensation to the United States marslmte, district attor-
neys, and any other poisons employed in enforcing said
laws, as may to him seem propeu for any services they
may render, for winch no allowance can now bo made
under existing laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. J simply wish, on the
second branch of the amendment, to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Delaware, and of the
Senate, to the report of the Secretary of the In-
terior. The Secretary says:
'* The marshals into whose hands these Afncans have
boon delivered have performed a most arduous and disa-
greeable duty, vvitii gioat efficiency and fidelity; hut the
law allows them no compensation whatever for then wer-
Mee?. This i> unjust, and I hope that Oongiess will not
hesitate Jo remedy tins delect m the law, and wiK authorize
this Depaumcni to make such payments as may be com-
meiisuiate with the seiviees icndcied. To piovide a rea-
sonable allowance theretor, and to meet the necessary ex-
piiiiM'sansin^ fiom the pioseeution of persons charged with
violating the laws lot the supptession of the African slave
trade, and also to enable the Government to pay," &c.
That is the simple state of the case. It is not
proposed to inaugurate a new system; but here
is a special case, in which themarshals perfoimcd
very arduous and vety severe duties, and there is
no authority to <pay them. We did not think there
would be any great danger in allowing the De-
partment to make them a reasonable compensa-
tion. 1 suppose it will be done any way. We
were not particuiaily urgent about it; but it was
a sense of right and propriety to which we yielded.
iYlr. IJA YARD. It seems to me that the pro-
visions of the amendment go far beyond the rec-
ommendation of the Depaitment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have taken the lan-
guage of the amendment as sent to us by the
Department.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I think the Department,
under the claim of paying for the services of mar-
shals which may have been arduous, and which
ought to be paid for, have asked, by the amend-
ment, a discretionary power in the disbursement
of the public money that Congress has never given
in any other case. It applies not to marshals
alone; but to " marshals, district attorneys, and
any other persons employed in enforcing said
laws." It gives an ad libitum power to the Ex-
ecutive—I suppose it will* rest with the Depart-
ment—to expend out of the $900,000 such por-
tion as he sties fit, on the allegation of any species
of service ihat he may suppose to have been ren-
dered. I think m laws of this kind the power
ought to be definite, the character of the service
outfit to be piescribed, and the compensation
ought to be fixed. A discretion ought not to
be broadly given. The Department, according
to the recommendation read by the honorable
Senator, asked authority to pay the marshals
for onerous services of a valuable character, dis-
agreeable m their nature. It went no further;
and yet the amendment, which it seems the De-
partment, and not the committee, originated, goes
infinite!}' beyond that, and gives a bioad, unlim-
ited discretion to the Executive Department in the
application of moneys confided to their care to a j
very lai<re amount. 1 cannot vote for it. 1
Air. DOUGLAS. I think it is a dangerous dis- j
cretion ?o give to the President of the United States,
to allow him to expend any amount of mon"v ho j
chooses, withoui any 'limit whatever, and to'au- !
tnome the employment ol any number of per- |!
sans that he pleases. It is too great a discretion
to be given to any one. I think the sum ought
to be specified, and some rule should be fixed by
which compensation shall be made. I think it is
rather a loose mode of legislation, to authorize
the President of the United States to expend any
moneys in the Treasury at his discretion, in the
payment of marshals ana district attorneys and
all other persons whom he may employ, at such
rates as he may choose to allow. Certainly I can-
not sanction such a provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have no
sort of objection to any amendment limiting it in
any proper way that the Senate may see fit to
impose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the sum proposed
should be a specific, sum, and therefore there should
be an estimate of what is required for this purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has not been done,
and it is not in the power of the committee now to
specify any sum. We will take any sum that
Senators think advisable.
Mr. BAYARD. We are not able to prescribe
precise limitations, and could only do so after we
"knew exactly what the character of the services
was/ We ought certainly to impose some fair
limit to the discretionary power given to the Pres-
ident for the employment of persons independent
of the officers of the Government, and also as
to the extent of the compensation to be allowed.
That ought to be founded on an estimate of the
Department. I suppose they are more conversant
with it than we are. I cannot indicate that sum;
but here is a law to be passed, to be permanent in
its character, not applying to existing cases alone,
but to all cases. The first branch of the amend-
ment makes an appropriation, and the second
branch is general legislation, which will apply to
any subsequent appropriation in connection with
the same matter. I confess that I think it a dan-
gerous precedent for legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to Senators to
limit the amount to $10,000. Say that the sum
allowed shall not exceed $10,000. I do not know
whether that is enough or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let that be put in.
Mr. BAYARD. Let the amendment beamend-
cd by insei ting after the word "compensation"
the words " not exceeding in the whole $10,000."
With that limitation, I shall not object to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in theohair.) The Secretary will make that alter-
ation, if no objection be interposed. The Chair
hears none. The question now is on the second
branch of the amendment as thus modified.
It was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to add to the bill:
To pay to the city of Cleveland, Ohio, the special sew-
erage tax changeable upon the eu>iom-h<nise property m
that city, and lor paving and impioving the stieet in front
ot said eustom-houM', and grading, paving, and impioving
Water street, in s aid city, in front of the light-house, as
pel account lendered by the City Council of Cleveland,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not rise to interpose any
objection to this appropriation; but 1 am at a loss
to discover why these expenses should be paid to
the city of Cleveland any more than to all other
cities of the United States where we have court-
houses, custom-houses, post offices, or other pub-
lic buildings. This is the first instance to which
my attention has been called where we have been
called on to pay a portion of ihe taxnlioo for the
improvements of streets around the public prop-
erty* m the different towns. If we are to do it at
Cleveland, 1 do not know why it should not be
done at Buffalo, Chicago, St. Louis, and every
other city and town m the United States. 1 do
not see why it should not extend to all custom-
houses, post offices, and navy-yards. I think we
are about to begin a very expensive system of
paving and sewerage, if the Federal Treasury-is
to bear these expenses, if there is anything pe-
culiar in the Cleveland case that does not apply
to the others, my objection may not be entitled
to so much weight.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only explanation I
can give of it is, that it appeared that the amount
of funds lequired was a certain sum to accomplish
this work, and it seemed to us, on examination,
to be fair that the United Slates should pay its
proportion. It owns the .property on one side of
the street; and there is no reason, that I could
understand, or that the rest of the committee
could understand, why, the Government holding
the property on- one side of the street, it should
not be subject to precisely the same rules, in refer-
ence to payment for grading and paving, that a
private individual, owning the same property,
would be. In regard to the sewerage, the sewer
is conducted through the grounds belonging to the
Government, and certainly that ought to be paid
for by the United States. Whether these expenses
have been borneby the Government in other cities,
1 do not know. I had the impression that they
had been; but that subject we did not examine.
We went no further than to examine the case
itself, as presented; and came to the conclusion
that the United States shouy not have the benefit
of this paving, grading, and sewerage, without
paying its proportional part of the expense.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think this is the first case,
certainly the first one that has ever come to my
knowledge 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will state to the Senator
from Illinois, that on the 3d of March, 1857, by
an act of that date, an appropriation was made
of $60,000 for building a culvert through Flushing
avenue, in the city of Brooklyn, the Government
owning the adjacent property on the one side, and
the city owning the other alongside the navy-
yard. This case happens to be before me now.
I know of other cases to which i could advert;
but I can give the specific date for this, and have
before me the exact appropriation that was made.
Mr. BIGLER. I will state further, that during
this session we have passed a bill to pay for paving
in front of the custom-house in San Francisco.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of making any objection to the Cleveland
appropriation. There is no town in America,
perhaps, except the one where I live, towards
which I have more kind feelings, and to which I
would be more disposed to render assistance and
favor; but, sir, this is beginning a vast system of
expenditure, if we are to be taxed tor the paving
of streets, and the filling up of streets around
public buildings that we construct in all the dif-
ferent cities. We have carried the construction
of public buildings very far already, by erecting
post offices, custom-houses, and court-rooms, in
a great many different towns in the United States
—custom-houses in some places where we have
no customs—large numbers of them where we do
not collect revenue enough to pay the officers.
Now, if we are going to pave streets and bear a
proportion of the city taxation, it is a serious
question whether we had not better stop the whole
system. X think you will find that you wiil be in
for millions of dollars if you commence it. if it
has been done in San Francisco, I think it was an
oversight.
Mr. BIGLER. I will state that we passed that
bill in the Senate, but it has not yet been finally
passed in the other House. It passed the Senate
as an independent bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be that there were
peculiar reasons in the case of the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, making it essential to the interests of
the United States, and not for the local interests
of Brooklyn, that a sewer should be constructed
there; but we are conferring a very great favor on
any city when we erect m its limits a custom-
house, court-room, and post office. I consider it
far from being any hardship to Chicago, that we
have erccted at the expense of three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars a post office building there,
without paying taxes on it. If we begin now to
pay city taxes wh* re we have expended such vast
amounts for buildings that improve the cities, we
shall increase the expense of the Government very
much. If there is any claim upon us at all, it is
that we should pay taxes like other people. We
have been building a custom-house at New Or-
leans; and I believe we have expended three or
four million dollars on it already. Probably it is
going to take $10,000,000 before we get through.
Then are we going to pay taxes on the $10,000,000
of property m the city of New Orleans for ever?
It was an act of generosity to erect the building,
without paying taxes on it. Taxes for paving
streets around a building, and for a sewerage sys-
tem, are incidental taxes: and if we should pay
incidental taxes, why not the general taxes that
other property owners pay? I warn the Senate
against the extent to which this system will go if
it is to be carried out.
