158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
concurred in by the House, and let us all adjourn
and go home together. 1 dislike this mode of
getting around the constitutional provision. I
would rather, myself, go for a joint resolution to
adjourn over.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust weshall not adjourn
over. I begin to feel now that there is hope for
the country. We have seen the hearts of patriots
of adverse parties moved in this Senate Chamber,
and, after the speech that we have heard,and the
tone of fueling that I find, I think we had better
keep in session. 1 know we do not feel like going
abroad and enjoying a holiday. I trust there
raay be something done to restore peace to the
country. This is a good time to do it, and I hope
we shall remain in session.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry to see the
Constitution brought in upon all occasions and
on every question, even on a question of adjourn-
ing over. My God! cannot we take a recess for
two or three days without being told that the
country is in danger? I do not see the danger.
This body was never in a better humor with itself
than it is now, and I am satisfied that after a few
days' absence we shall come back liking each
other a great deal better. No harm can come
from it, and I think a great deal of good.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I should be
rejoiced to see the Constitution not only brought
in, but obeyed, in all instances. I think if we
would pay a little more regard to observing it
with fidelity, there would be more peace and a
hettcc feeling in the country. I did not desire, by
my remarks, to stir up any unkind feeling. 1
believe this country is in danger. I believe there
must be conciliation and concession,or civil war.
1 have approached this question nota sn partisan,
but, I trust, as a patriot, prepared to exhaust
eveiy dibit for conciliation before I would con-
template, for an instant, revolution, violence,and
bloodshed. I hope that I shall not be under the
necessity of even defending myself or the party
with whom I have acted, from the unjust asper-
sions that have bom thrown upon it. 1 would
rather throw away partisan feeling. I am willing
to meet this question in a spirit free from all com-
mittals of the past. 1 am ready to meet it as if I
had never been in the body, had never given a
vote ot made a speech that would embarrass me
in my action in the future. I hope, the) efore, that
wo may be permitted to congratulate the Senate
upon the good feeling that was pervading it, with-
out the intimation, the tatvnt, that the Constitu-
tion was in danger, as if it was not our duty to
save our country rather than run off" for the holi-
days.
Mr, MASON. I mustconfess,Mr.President,
that my personal feelings would be very much in
favor of an adjournment for the holidays; and yet
I am not at libei ty to vote for it. 1 hope we shall
adjourn ove r to Monday; but I must, with every
reluctance, vote against any further adjournment;
noi that 1 concur with the Senator from Illinois,
that anything can be done here or in the other
branch of Congress to save the Union from dis-
solution; hut I know that events are in progress
whMi, in my judgment, would make it unwise
for Congress to be jn vacation just now. Do not
let me be misunderstood. I am not for a dissolu-
tion of tins Union as long as the safety and the
honor of some of the States of this Union can be
preserved in it; but, I repeat again, the Union
cannot be preserved by anything to be done m
ekher House of Congress. It must be done in
the States, and in the States alone. I thought it
right to say thus much, lest, after hearing the
views of the Senator, and not taking a part in the
discussion, and voting with him against the ad-
journment, my opinions might be misunderstood
m my own State or elsewhere. I believe there
are events in progress which would make it un-
wise that Congress should be in vacation.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Illinois. T hardly know
how to reply, for I was not certain whether his
remarks applied to mc or not. If he meant to
apply them to me, or the State which I represent,
nnci if he talks about not being willing to make
concessions, I say to him that f, and everybody
representing my State, will go as far to make
concessions, so far as those concessions are hon-
orable, as anybody will; but [ do not believe that
this is the time or the occasion to talk about what
wo are going to do to save this Union I do not
fear its dissolution. I have too much faith in the
good sense and virtue and intelligence and the
patriotism of the whole of this country, to be-
lieve that it is going to be ruined at the bidding
of a few politicians, or a few madmen who are
not politicians, in any portion of the country. I
believe in the overruling power of Providence
which has this great country in its charge; and I
believe in the good sense of the people; and I
therefore do not fear the perpetuity of this great
country. It is too great, and it is too valuable,
to be huckstered about or to be destroyed by pol-
iticians of any grade. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the remark which
I made in reference to the adjournmentover from
this time until nextMonday,and then over again
until Thutsday, and then again until Monday, I
desired, if we should take such a recess, that we
should adjourn by joint resolution and meet the
question fairly, so that if the House should con-
cur with us, those who desire to go home may
have an opportunity to do so. It docs not con-
sult my personal convenience. For myself, I
shall remain here during the whole of this period
if the Senate docs adjourn; and I would just as
soon be in session every day iis to have an ad-
journment at all. My objection was to the mode
of adjournment. I desire that a joint resolution
shall pass this body, so that, it may be concurred
in by the House of Representatives, if we can
determine to adjourn for that length of time.
Mr. POWElL. I hope, sir, that we may not
adjourn for the holidays, either by joint resolu-
tion or otherwise. I regret that I cannot concur
with the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
who says that this body was never in a better
humor with itself. I trust the remark of the gen-
tleman is true; but really, sir, the events that have
transpired m this Hall cause me to differ widely
from that sentiment, lie says he thinks it would
be better for us to go home and consult our con-
stituents. If the Senator should be right in his
remark, that we are on good terms with ourselves,
I think we should find that our constituents would
not be on very good terms with us if we ad-
journed and left the country in its present im-
pel lied and embarrassed condition. 1 think it is
our duty to stay heie, to stand firmly to our posts,
and do everything in our power to save this dis-
tracted country, now upon the verge of ruin.
The gentleman says be has no fears. I regret
that ) cannot concur in that. I have often feared,
sir. I believe this Union, this country, this Gov-
ernment, is upon the crest of a volcano that may
erupt any day and ingulf us all in ruin. It is our
duty, as patnots,to stand here and do all we can
to save the country; and unless we do it, in my
judgment, we shall not act in such a manner as
to meet the just expectations of the patriot people
of this country. 1 hope that there will be no ad-
journment, but that we shall coine up and do
; what we can to save the country, and exhaust
j every means in our power and acquit ourselves
I in such a manner as to meet the approval of oui
] constituents, of liberty-loving men throughout the
| world, and, I believe, of God, who has the des-
tinies of nations m His hands.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise simply
to ask whether this debate is in oulei, in accotd-
ancc with the understanding that was had this
morning? I believe it was conceded upon the part
of the Senate that we should take up a certain bill
after the speech of the honorable Senator from
Ohio. The debate now seems to be going off into
a wider field, utterly disregarding what 1 conceive
to be the understanding, to consider a bill of very
great moment. 1 should like to take a vote on it,
because I am extremely anxious to have it con-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tions to adjourn over were in order, and the Chair
was obliged to entertain them.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that three fourths
of the members of this body are opposed to an
adjournment over, and if the Senator from Maty-
land will let us have a vote, we will so decide.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask for a vote on the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the motion of the Senator fiom
Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. Now, sir, I withdraw the other
motion. I wanted to do so before, but could not
get an opportunity.
STATE OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President 
The YJCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland will allow the Chair to announce the
special committee directed to be raised to consider
that portion of the President's message which re-
lates to the disturbances of the couutty, and, with
the leave of the Senate, he will make a single re-
mark. The Chair has found a great deal of diffi-
culty in framing the committee, but has tucd to
compose it in the spirit which he believes actuated
the Senate in ordering its appointment. It will
be observed that upon this committee are two Sen-
ators from one State. This was unavoidable. Of
course the author of the resolutions becomes the
chairman of the committee; and 1 am sure the
Senate will, for many reasons, recognize the fact
that it was proper that the eminent senior Senator
from Kentucky should also be a member of that
committee. The Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read the committee, as follows:
Mr. Poweli., Mr. Hunter, Mr. Critte\tdent,
Mr Seward, Mr. Toomiis, Mr. Douglas, Mr.
Collamer, Mr. Dams, Mr. Wade, Mr. Bigler,
Mr. Rice, Mr. Doolittle, and Mr. Grimes.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 merely wish to say, before
the Senate adjourns, that I wish to be excused
from service on that committee. The position
which I am known to occupy, and the position
in which the State I repiesent now stands, ren-
ders it altogether impossible for me to serve upon
that committee with any prospect of advantage.
Mr KENNEDY. Mr. President, the bill now
before the Senate 
Mr. DAVIS. I asked to be excused. I ask
that that motion be put to the Senate, m order
that 1 may be excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator to say that, after the Senator
from Maiyland had finished his speech, befoie
the Senate adjourned, he would ask to be ex-
cused .
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I merely asked to be
excused on the moment, without going into any
reasons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks to be excused frortT service on
this special committee.
The question being put, Mr. Davis was ex-
cused .
KAIUtOAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, the bill now
before the Senate 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
there is any bill before the Senate ? Has it been
taken up -
Mr. KENNEDY. I understood there was. I
understood it was read. 1 was absent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not.
Mr. KENNEDY. If not, I move to take up
the bill (S. No. 377) to authorize the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company to extend the Wash-
ington branch of their road to the Potomac river,
and across the same, by the extension of the
present structure known as the Long Bridge, for
the purpose of connecting with the Virginia rail-
roads at that point. I came in the Chamber a
lew moments since, and understood that the bill
was taken up.
Mr POWELL. I understood it was taken up
on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. KENNEDY. So I understood when 1
came m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has not
been m his seat for several hours, but he under-
stands this bill was made a special order for one
o'clock to-day; and that by an understanding of
the Senate, it was to be called up after the Sena-
tor trom Ohio had concluded his speech. It is,
therefore, before the Senate, unless some motion
be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wished to know,
in order that 1 might make a suggestion to the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr.NICHOLSON. I made the motion to take
up the bill myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did it pass the
Senate?
Mr. NICHOLSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do 1 understand that the
bill is now before the Senate ?
