1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
six feet deep, and then making pavements over
them, which the cityhasdone without ever dream-
ing that it had a claim on theXxovernment for the
cost of the improvements. We thought the Gov-
ernment had been very liberal to us m giving us
$400,000 to put up public buildings, without ask-
ing it then to grade the streets around them. So
it is with a great many other public buildings. 1
could swell this item largely, for Illinois alone;
and I tell you it will take many hundred thou-
sand dollars on this very bill, perhaps a million,
if you are going to take charge of this system;
and you will find that the city councils will order
very magnificent streets around your public build-
ings when they cati make the Federal Govern-
ment pay the expense, instead of having to pay it
themselves. The kind of pavement is to be pre-
scribed by them. They may order the streets
there to be paved, and not in other parts of the
town. If they can put us in for the expenditures,
and prescribe themselves what is to be done, and
how the work is to be completed, I think they
will see very quickly ho\V they can make out a
fine claim against the Government. 1 only give
you notice that if you begin this system, and
carry it out as to other cities and States, I shall
feel bound, on principles of equality, to insist that
it be applied to my own City and State.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not object to this amend-
ment because it applies to the city of Cleveland.
I would vote for such an appropiation as cheer-
fully for the city of Cleveland as for any other
city; but I object to the whole principle of such
an appropriation. I do see a difference between
the Government the holder of property, and a
private individual. Government is a trust; and
it erects these public buildings, wherever they are
erected, for the general public inteiests. Under
general principles of law, the sovereign power is
not liable to taxation, whether it is municipal
taxation undci legislative authority, or State tax-
ation. You would not have had buildings erected
in any State of this Union, if there had not been
a cession by the States of an exemption from tax-
ation. If the principle is sound, why not carry
it out? Why should it not be liable to any other
species of tax, as well as what is called a special
tax fur sewerage- There can be no reason what-
ever why the Government propet ty should not be
subjected to ail kinds of taxes within a Slate, as
well as the taxes by a municipal corporation. I
tak< it for grant*. d (hat the pi meipie must go a lit-
tle furthei; and it" it i.s a sound one, if the State of
Ohio erects puMie buildings foi the general inter-
ests of the community, yel always more or less
appertaining to the interests of the town in which
it is located, a benefit to it, the Government of
Ohio ought to pay a city tax for improvements
on its own piopeity and in connection with it;
that is, pay pai t of the general city expenditures
for the impwM emiMit of the city. 1 presume there
is no State m this Union that submits to any tax-
ation of that kmd by its municipal cm poiations.
It is sovereign as to them; as to them, it would
not permit Us public propet ty to be taxed. They
derive a benefit always from the erection of the
public buildings within their boundaries. The
United States do not stand, m my judgment, at
all on the basis of private property-holders, and
they ought not to contribute, because, their prop-
erty is held for the public, for general public pur-
poses at large; and vet the immediate place of
location has. a sti onger interest in tbem, and there-
fore they may vv< 11 afloid to exempt them fiom
taxation. State laws exempt property from tax-
ation in a great variety of cases. State pioperty
is always exempt. The pioperty of the United
States, you ) equire, as a condition-precedent to the
erection ofa public budding, shall Ix;exempt from
State taxes; and that co\ei sail taxes of this kind.
Why break through H by tins special legislation
in particular cases; The precedent once set, of
coutse every one knows it wiil be borne on, step
by step, nniil it will end in a general law that the
United States shall pay all species of taxes—mu-
nicipal, State, or county—which may be assessed
on any public property within the boundaries of
the pai tieular jurisdiction. "What is the result of
that? Eveiy one knows that the amount of tax-
ation depends on the assessed value of the prop-
erty. The assessed value cannot be fixed by the
United States; and it will end in a system by
which the United States will pay far more than
its share of taxation on any property it may hold.
Now, sir, I object to the whole system. I be-
lieve the principle which has been hitherto acted
upon generally is a sound one, that the public
property erected by the sovereign power for pur-
poses of general benefit, although it may be a par-
ticular benefit to the locality, shall always be ex-
empt from taxation, be it municipal or State; and
I am not willing to depart from that rule; and on
that ground I shall vote against this amendment.
I do not say that there may not be isolated cases
probably found of a precedent something like this,
where Congress has passed a law for the payment
of some such tax. I believe you can find a pre-
cedent in the last thirty years for almost any
species of loose legislation that the human mind
can imagine, in reference to the disbursement of
the public funds, arising out of the carelessness
of Congress in regard to the appropriation bills.
I am opposed to the whole system. If you mean
to subject Government property to taxation of
any kind, bythe States or municipal corporations
within the States, I am in favor of a general sys-
tem, subjecting it to taxation under a general
law; but I am opposed to the principle. If, how-
ever, it is to be done, it ought to be done in that
mode.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to continue the
argument on this subject any longer. I say it is
not a tax in any sense of the word. I contend
that these public buildings are not complete until
this pavement is made. Everybody knows that.
It is so much work and labor done for the benefit
of the Government. It is a thing they would have
to do. Who would suppose a great public build-
ing complete without a pavement to get up to it?
It is no tax. It is completing that which the Gov-
ernment would otherwise have to do. The mu-
nicipality was compelled to do that which the
Government ought to have done themselves. This
amendment is to pay for work and labor done and
materials found for that purpose. It is not in the
nature of a tax at all.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio a question, is not, there an ordi-
nance of the city of Cleveland requiring these
improvements, such as pavements and sewers,
and which aie for the benefit of property, to be
made by the property-holders, and, in case of their
refusal, by the city; and if they do not pay for it,
authonzingthe condemnation and saleof the prop-
erty for the payment' I know there are such
iemulations in cities. It is so in the city of San
Fianci&co. Notice is served on the owner of
property to make a pavement and sewerage; and
if the property-holder does not do it, the city does
it at his expense, and sells his property if he does
not pay for it.
Mr. WADE. I think that is the very law there.
At all events, they have penal laws by which
they are compelled to make these improvements.
Whether the building can be sold, 1 cannot ex-
actly say; but that has been the usual course of
enfuiciitg thi'se regulations.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word more, and I shall
terminate tins discuss ion, so far as I am concerned.
The Senator from Ohio says this is not a tax in
any sense of the word. Well, sir, let us read the
proposition, as it is reported fiom the committee:
To pay the city of Cleveland, Ohio, the special sewer-
age ta\, ehiirycablo upon the custom-house pioperty m that
< ity. and fni p.u in;;, &.<•., $'*2,700.
There it is stated in the amendment itself, to
pay the special sewerage tax in that city. If you
adopt this amendment, you recognize the right of
the city of Cleveland to tax the property there,
wheie the law pro\idcs that you shall not con-
struct any building in any State, unless the right
to tax it has first been conceded and surrendered
up. That is all I have to say.
Mr. WADE. Because it is called a tax, that
does not make it so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think that is just what
makes a thing a tax, because it is known in the
laws of the land to be a tax.
Mr. WADE. The only question is, whether
the General Government have a right to set up
a nuisance in the midst of a city, and not have
sewerage and pavements to it. Thatis justwhat
they have done in Cleveland. If Senators think
the Government ought to pay for an improvement
made for their benefit by others, then this amend-
ment ought to be adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to say, if this
be a nuisance we ought to change the character
of the appropriation and abate the nuisance by
removing it.
Mr. FITCH. I must return thanks to the Sen-
ator from Ohio for one admission he made m his
argument, that this proposed appropriation for
Cleveland was to complete the building. Then,
no public property is completed until all the ar-
rangements in the vicinity for conveniencQ, com-
fort, &c., are struck out at the expense of the
Government. Upon that principle of appropria-
tion I desire to ask an appropriation for the benefit
of the marine hospital at Evansville, in my State,
which certainly cannot he resisted by the Senator.
He said it was the duty of those desiring ap-
propriations of this sort to jay the matter before
the appropriate committee. Had that committee
given notice that they were about to take such
matters into consideration, proof would have been
there quite sufficient to involve the expenditure of
§1,000,000; and if this pending amendment is
adopted, I tef||the Senator not another session of
Congress wili pass by without sufficient proof
being adduced to demand appropriations to which
the condition of the Treasury then, or now cer-
tainly, will scarcely be competent. If he and the
committee desire only satisfactory proof of the ne-
cessity of the appropriation which I desire to ask
for grading and paving the river bank in front of
the marine hospital at Evansville, they can obtain
that proof immediately here upon the Senate tioor.
TheSenatorfromKentucky [Mr.Powell] knows
its condition. I know its condition from personal
observation; and the fact that this, in common
with many other similar matters, have not been
laid before the committee, simpiy arises from the
absence of any precedent of this kind heretofore,
in any ordinary appropriation bill. That Con-
gress may have passed several hills for ordinary
cases somewhat similar, I am not prepared to
deny; but 1 believe this is the very first time in
which a provision of this character has been in-
grafted in one of the regular appropriation bills
from the Finance Committee; and if the prece-
dent is once established by the adoption of this
amendment, the Senate will be called upon here-
after to vote for more or less additional appropri-
ations for every public building in the United
States.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I understand this case,
it is a municipal tax which is laid upon this prop-
erty. The State, in ceding the property to .the
United States, cedes the right to tax that prop-
erty; but it is the custom in my own city of De-
troit, and I believe in every western city, to assess
all the property of the city for sewerage, paving,
and sidewalks. It is a health arrangement, if
you please. Now, sir. although this may not be
strictly legal, it is strictly just. There is not one
single foot of property in the city of Detroit, and
I presume not.a foot of property in the city of
Cleveland, save this one single item belonging
to the United States, that does not pay this tax,
and has paid it in every instance. Why, sir, it
was only last winter that we had precisely such a
cds>e before us in the Committee on Commerce for
paving in front of the custom-house at San Fian-
cisco, and the committee decided unanimously
that it was strictly just, that that tax should be
: paid, and we so reported it, and the Senate unan-
; imously passed it, as a mere matter of justice.
| Every other piece of property in San Francisco
! paid that paving tax; it was necessary for the
' custom-house at San Francisco that the pavement
i should be made, and therefore the Committee on
Commerce said, " We will pay it;" and we so
reported it tu the Senate, and the Senate unani-
mously passed it. This is a similar case. It is
occuring every duy. It has occurred m the city
of Detroit: it has occurred in every other city.
Why should Cleveland be made an exception ? I
believe it is not strictly legal; but it is certainly
strictly just, and I hope there will be no objection
made to it.
Mr. WADE. Now that we have found it is
not only just in itself, but usual to allow it, I hope
the city of Cleveland will not be made an excep-
tion to the rule.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to correct the Senator
from Ohio, and to repeat that tins is the first case of
the kind that has ever come from the Committee on
Finance in a regular appropriation bill. Special
billy for special cases have passed m the nature
of private bills. The one referred to by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I think, was one of that class.
