1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Maryland whether ho designs to go
on with the hill now, at this late hour?
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 design to go on with it at
some time. I have postponed it since the last ses-
sion, on an objection raised by gentlemen on the
'other side, that they were not ready. I am now
disposed to £o on with the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely make the in-
quiry for the reason that the Senate m-ght under-
stand, if the bill is gone on with now, they may
stay some time to attend to it; for I have many
amendments to propose to it,and it will,of course,
occasion a great deal of discussion. I have no
objection if gentlemen wish to consider it now.
"Mr. HUNTER. AVe may as well begin with it.
Mr. KENNEDY. "We may not get through
with it; but I want to begin it somewhere. The
bill has been postponed from time to time since
the last session of Congress on an objection raised
by gentlemen on the other side, that they have
not had time to look into it. By a common un-
derstanding, it was agreed this morning that we
should take this bill up and at least begin with it
after the speech of the honorable Senator from
Ohio. If we are to be postponed from day to
day, I see no prospect whatever of accomplishing
the puipose that we have in view.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection, if
the gentleman wishes to begin his bill. I only
tell him that he cannot get a vote on it unless the
Senate stay some time.
Mr. KENNEDY. I suppose not. Mr. Pres-
ident, in presenting this bill, I am aware of the
great difficulties in the way of its accomplishment
or its adoption by the Senate. It is a simple prop-
osition on the part of a railroad company in the
State of Mary land 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland will pause a moment. The confusion
in the Chamber is so great that the Senator on
the floor cannot be heard, and the Chair will arrest
public business until order is restored.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maryland yield to the Senator from Wis-
consin ?
Mr. KENNEDY. I do, of course.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to inquire, as this
bill is made the spqcial order for to-morrow, at
half past twelve o 'clock, whet her the Senator would
not now consent to a motion to adjourn' I under-
stood this bill to have been made the spccial order
for to-morrow, at haif-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. KENNEDY. If it is with the understand-
ing that it shall be taken up as the unfinished busi-
ness for to-morrow at half past twelve, I shall not
object.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that we had better
go on with it until four o'clock. I suppose it can-
not be finished to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate now
adjourns, the hill will come up to-morrow morn-
ing as the unfinished business, at one o'clock.
Mr. KENNEDY. Previous to an adjournment,
1 should like to have the bill explained and read.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 think the Senator from
Maryland, who has charge of this bill, had better
leave it until the morning. I shall oppose it, but
I want him to have a fairclmnce of passing it. He
could do it better to-morrow. I am willing to go
on with it now if he desires to do so, but 1 think
we had better postpone it.
Mr. THOMSON. I think the Senator might
have an opportunity of explaining it now before
we adjourn. It is only half past three o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. He cannot explain it now
in the state of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland about this bill, and am pre-
pared to sustain it; but I submit to him, that it is
impossible in the present condition of the Senate
to have a hearing; and even if he could, he would
have but a few minutes. We want an executive
session, and I shall ask for one.
Mr. GWIN. I will suggest to the Senator
from Maryland to make his bill the special order
for half past twoh e to-morrow, and then it will
come up of course. If he will do that he will get
it up m the morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senators from California and Mary-
land, that if the Senate should adjourn now, this
bill will have preference as the unfinished business
to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. But ifit is made the spccial order
for half past twelve o'clock, it comes up then;
otherwise it would not come up until one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maryland make that motion?
Mr. KENNEDY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland moves that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed to and made the special
order of the day for to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 20, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the report of A. D. Bache, LL.D.,
Superintendent of the United States Coast Sur-
vey, stating the progress in that work during the
year ending November 1,1860, and showing, by
an accompanying engraved map, the general pro-
gress made in the survey from the manuscript
map of progress, prepared at the Coast Survey
Office, in accordance -with the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3, 1853; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
UNION MEETING IN READING.
Mr. McKENTY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to present publicly a
memorial of certain citizens of Reading, Pennsyl-
vania, together with certain proceedings which
have taken place in that city. I ask the same'
privilege granted to other members—that they be
spread upon our records, and referred to the select
committee of thirty-three.
There was no objection; and the memorial and
accompanying papers were referred as indicated.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAICER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled House bill No. 861, making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending June 30, 1862; when the Speaker signed
the same.
FORTS IN CHARLESTON HARBOR.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to present the following
resolution:
Whereas, by the report of the proceedings in the State
convention of .South Carolina, held on the 19th instant,
Hon. William Porcher Miles, a member of this House,
used the following language, namely: u In a conversation,
and subsequently in a written communication to the Pres-
ident, ( know tins to have been said : 1 If you send a soli-
tary soldier to these pnrts. the instant the intelligence reach-
es our people—and we will take care that it does leach us
before it can reach the forts—the forts will be taken, be-^
eause such a course is necessary to our safety and self-""
preservationTherefore,
R.esolvetl, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to tins House whatinfoimation he has received, either
oral or in writing, to the effect that, if the forts of the harbor
of Charleston are further reinforced, these forts will be
taken by any force or authority hostile to the authority and
supremacy of the United States.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to the resolution.
Mr. ASHMORE. I would like to know whence
the gentleman from Massachusetts gets his inform-
ation upon which to base Ins resolution. [Cries
of" Do not object to the resolution!"]
Mr. CURTIS. I call gentlemen to order; and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. DELANO. I have not introduced the res-
olution just read without having carefully looked
at the proceedings which yesteiday took place in
the convention now in session at Charleston.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ob-
jection being made. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
D. D. irABRItL.
Mr. LEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of D. D. Harrill, with the recommendation thatit
do pass; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
JOHN C. WATROOS.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, I am instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to submit a
report in relation to charges made against John
C. Watrous, United States district judge of the
eastern district of Texas. 1 move that the report
be ordered to be printed, and that its considera-
tion be fixed as a special order for the fourth
Tuesday of January next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the report being
made a special order, for the reasons which I gave
a few days ago, and which it is not now neces-
sary that I should repeat.
Mr. REAGAN. This is a casewhich,if it be
the intention to determine this session, ought to
be taken up at as early a day as may suit-'the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I trust that the
convenience of that committee may be consulted
by the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
the postponement of the further consideration of
this report, if it be postponed to a day certain,
it may again be postponed when that day ia
reached, if the House is not then ready to pro-
ceed with its consideration.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I accept the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, and move
that the further consideration of this report be
postponed until Thursday next. The testimony
has already been ordered to be printed; and my
motion now is, that the report be ordered to be
printed, and i licit its consideration beset down for
Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
COUItT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. I am also in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report 1 ack House bill No. 719, to repeal an act
entitled " An act to establish a court for the inves-
tigation of claims against the United States,"
approved Februaiy 24,1855, and the several acts
amendatory thereof and relative thereto, and to
provide for the determination of claims against
the United States in the district and circuit courts
of the United States, with the recommendation
that it do pass. It is in lieu of a bill (H. R No.
98) to amend " An act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United States,"
approved February 24, 1855; and a bill (H. R.
No. 25) to amend " An act to establish a court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States, so as to permit creditors of the Govern-
ment to sue in the district courts of the United
States;" and Senate bill No. S3, to amend "An
act to establish n court for the investigation of
claims against the United States," approved Feb-
ruary 24, 1855. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until Friday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will fix on another day than one of
those set apart for the consideration of private
bills.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. Very well, then.
I move that it be set down for Thursday next.
Mr. SHERMAN. Of course it is understood
that its consideration is postponed until after the
morning hour on Thursday next.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. Certainly.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YOKE.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House bill
No. 870, to establish an additional judicial dis-
trict in the State of New York, and in relation to
the courts of the United States in said State, with
the recommendation that it do pass; which was
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
RIGHT OF APPEAL.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, from the same
committee, reported back House bill No. 554, to
