1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
the Committee on Finance, that we sometimes
make these amendments. They have been made
before,and been proposed in the committee. We
supposed we had a right to do so. ldonotknow
whether we had or not. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, who has been chairman of the committee
a long time, knows that it has sometimes hap-
pened. It does not release us from our obligation
to make the point of order upon propositions that
come forward here, and certainly ought not to
expose us to imputations upon our motives which
are unpailiamentary, and, to use the language of
the Senator the other day, indecent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator seems to con-
sider that every remark a man makes in the dis-
charge of his duty, means him.
Mr, FESSENDEN. The Senator looked at
me, talked to me throughout, and addressed him-
salf to me direct.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did look at him, and talked
to him m common with others, who five minutes
before had put one construction 011 the rules of
the Senate, and a moment afterwards another.
The Senator says he made a mistake, and there-
fore he voted against the Cleveland claim. When
he discovered he had made a mistake, it was after
the merits of the proposition were exposed, and
he voted against it on its merits; but he did not
raise a point of order on his own amendment, and
he did raise it on mine; and if lie became con-
vinced of his mistake, he was bound to have with-
drawn his own amendment, because he violated
the rules 111 ottering it. Why did he not raise the
point of order on himself, instead of on me? I
have y right, therefore, to complain of the action
here. Two hours were taken in discussing that
very private claim of Cleveland. There was not
a word aboul the point of oider. The point of
order was reserved until the moment it applies 011
tins side of the Chamber.
As to his persons! remarks about decency, I
scorn them. Sir, I do not d« s>ire to get into these
controversies. When I see that one rule of order
is made on me by the very man that hud violated
it before, and now confesses that he know when
that claim was before us it was out of order, 1
cannot but considerit as being governed by other
reasons than the rules of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
know whether the Senator has that sort of .natu-
ral obliquity of mind which prevents his restating
what is said by another correctly. I made no
such admission that J knew I was out of oidcr,
and 1 do not make it now. I stated that 1 reported
the bill from the committee, and thai that was in-
serted by the committee without much consider-
ation 1 did not know that it was out of order,
and 1 do not know now that it was out of order.
I staled that when I came to consider it here in
the Senate, 1 became convinced, as did the chair-
man, that we had acted hastily, without sufficient
consideration, and therefore 1 was opposed to the
further consideration of it. I could not make a
point of order on my own bill which J had re-
ported here; and that appropriation was in the
body of the bill. It was out of the question. It
is only upon amendments that are ofFeied fiom
others, that I could raise the point. It was im-
possible for me to do it upon that proposition;
but, as 1 stated, the moment I became convinced
it was improperly in the hili, I said it was im-
properly in the bill, and I voted against it. The
point of order was not made by anybody. It
was not for me to make it, nor did it ever occur
to me to make it all. Therefore I made no such
admission whatever with regard to my being sat-
isfied it was out of order. I did not oppose it 011
its merits either. I stated expressly, so far as I
said anything, that the committee were satisfied
of the merits of the claim, and I state it again; but
I said that it was improperly put in the bill, and
I was willing to oppose it. The Senator should
restate me rightly, or not at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will, and I will convict
him of not stating himself rightly. This propo-
sition of the Cleveland claim was not in the bill.
Mr, FESSENDEN. As reported by me it
was.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was not in the body of
the bill. It was ottered by him, as an amend-
ment from the Committee 011 Finance, just the
same as mine was offered, as an amendment from
the Committee on Foreign Relations. His amend-
ment stood on the same footing as mine, unless
he claims that his committee is superior to the
one of which I happen to be a member, which,
by the by, is not so in the rank of the Senate.
The committees stand here on an equal footing.
He reported onu amendment from one committee;
I reported one from another. His amendment
was without pretense of authority. I did not
object on the point of order, because it did not
strike me then or now that it was out of order;
and yet the very instant we gotthiough with that,
and i offer an amendment, he raised the point on
me, which is equally fatal to his own; and as he
construed the rule 111 that way, it shows that he
made the point against me which, at the time, he
knew was decisive against his own amendment.
I rose only to correct the statement that it was in
the bill. He cannot escape in that way. He
offered an amendment which, according to his own
statement, was out of order, and lie believed it
violated piinciple, and was in conflict with the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have only to deny that.
It is printed in the bill as reported from the com-
mittee; not offered by me at all.
Mr. B1GLER. I believe I am entitled to the
floor; and I am very anxious to have this amend-
ment of mine considered, without any reference
to the controversy between the Senators.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I raise a point of order.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator, because of his
contioversy with the Senator from Maine, should
not raise this point of order upon me. I voted with
him a few moments since, declaring his amend-
ment to be in order, simply bccauso I thought
I could see that certain things resulted from tho
law; and because they resulted from the law, it
was not a private claim. Now, what is this?
Here is a settled question—a balance acknowl-
edged by the Government itself; and the only
thing remaining is to pay the money. The Sen-
ator will declare his proposition in order, and this
out of oider. The Government settled the ac-
count, and made a settlement of indebtedness to
these parties, and the Senator says that it is out
of order, ond makes a point of order upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I make the point of oidcr
in deference to the decision of the Senate. I thought
the rule was the other way; but lam concluded
by the decision of the Senate. The Senate makes
its rules, construes its rules; and inasmuch as
they have applied the rule to me, certainly it is
good for one day 011 those who made the decision
and on those who resisted the decision.
Mr. BjGLER. I voted against that decision.
Mr DOUGLAS. But a majority of the Senate
did not; and why press this amendment against
the decision of a majority of the Senate?
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the proposi-
tions are very distinct. The Senator's proposi-
tion was not a small appropriation for a settled
account. I voted for it, because 1 believed the law
necessarily led to certain results, and therefore it
could come in under the uile; that the individual
was making no claim; but the proposition was to
enable the officers of the Government to settle the
accounts under the hi w; but here is a slated, settled
account of a balance due; and the amendment
provides for the naymcnt.
Mr. GREEN. 'What is the ruling of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
had no oppoitumty to decide the question, inas-
much the Senator from Pennsylvania has the
floor.
Mr. GREEN. Then there is no point for dis-
cussion. I
Mr. BIGLER. I do not wish to continue the j
discussion. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question i
will not be decided, unless the Chair is called |
upon to decide it. j
Mr. GREEN. I call upon the Chair to de- ,
Cide it. I
Mr. JOHNSON, ofArkansas. I wish the Chair |
to decide, as a point of order, who is entitled to j
the floor
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofArkansas. I presume the
Senator will give way for the Senate to decide this
question some time or other, when the Chair can
speak.
Mr. BIGLER. I will submit to the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
point of order; whether the Senator can hold the
floor until the Chair considers, and decides the
question, and then hold it afterwards?
Mr. BIGLER. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can he hold
over? I raise anotherpoint of order on that. This
conflict, which has started, is to go all round.
Mr. BIGLER. It has not got to the Senator
yet.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am now try-
ing to get at it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas will state his point of order
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is, that the
Senator from Pennsylvania cannot hold the floor
while the Chair decides this question.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask for the decision of the
Chair on the question whether the amendment is
111 order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I ask if
I cannot have a hearing until the Chair dccides.
I laise that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
make no decision as regards the future right to
the floor; that will depend upon who may address
the occupant of the chair at that time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I address the
Chair now. Am I entitled to the floor?
Mr. BIGLER. The question before the Senate
is, as to whether the amendment I have ottered
is in order.
Mr. HUNTER. The question to.be decided
upon is, whether the amendment is in order or
not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question raised by the Senator from Illinois; but
the Chair understands the Senator from Arkansas
to make a point on that question.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofArkansas. It is this: that
when gentlemen have done talking, I have the
right to claim the attention of the Chair before he
decides.
Mr. BAYARD. I will suggest, as a question
of order, that if objection has been made to the
reception of this amendment, it is not in order to
open a debate on that question until the Chair
decides; and then, if an appeal is taken, Senators
may debate it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a question
to be decided without debate. That has been the
ruling of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not wish
to debate it; but I want the privilege of the floor, as
soon as the Senator from Pennsylvania yields it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
called upon to decide a question of order upon
this amendment; and, in the opinion of the Chair,
it is a private claim, and no 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the
Chair decides, I ask to be recognized. I have a
right to move an adjournment at any time. As
the Senator from Pennsylvania is not occupying
the floor, the Chair is not compelled to decide the
question before he rccognizes another Senator.
That is plain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, under the rule of the Senate, that the ques-
tion of order is to be decided without debate, and
the Chair is entitled to decide the question before
he recognizes another Senator. It is the decision
of the Chair that this is a private claim; it comes
under no existing law or treaty stipulation which
would relieve it from the objection of the point of
order under the 30th rule.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofArkansas, I believelnow
have the floor. It is very evident, from the con-
flict we have been in, and the scries of conflicts
—in fact the debate, as has been suggested to me
by a friend, amounts almost to an insult to the
Father of ins Country, and has even been pro-
nounced by one to be an indecent debate, [laugh-
ter]—*that there is but little prospect of any agree-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Arkansas that there
is no motion now before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Chair
calls me to order, very well; but no other Senator
did so.
Mr, GRIMES. If the Chair will recognize me,
1 dt sire to make a motion that is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I vfill move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I uQcterstan$ that the Sen-
