1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Calendar; but when objection is made to the consid-
eration of u bill, a majority of the committee shall'decide,
without debate, whether it shail be taken up and disposed
of, or laid aside."
Now, I find that when the committee was in
session on a previous day, a bill was taken up in
committee, and. was under consideration when
thecommittee rose. The gentleman will see, there-
fore, that when the House again goes into com-
mittee, the bill which was then under considera-
tion, and which was reached on motion of the
gentleman from Iowa, will ajrain.come under con-
sideration as the business pending.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, that the general
debate close on the bill pending in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union in ten
minutes after the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the same.
Mr. REAGAN. I think there seems to be some
misunderstanding as to whether this motion ap-
plies to the original bill which was taken up in
committee, or to some amendments which were
offered in committee.
Mr. GROW. I object to all debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken upon the motion to
close debate; and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask
for the vote upon the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Conflhittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Grow in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session, it had under consideration House
- bill No. 701, granting lands in alternate sections
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to taking up that bill.
Ichim that, under the 114th rule of the House,
the Chairman must commence the call of the bills
in the order in which they stand on the Calendar.
The rule is in these words:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the bills shall lie taken up and disposed of in their older on
the Calendar ; but when objection is made to the considera-
tion of a bill a majority shall decide, without debate, whether
it shall be taken up and disposed of or laid aside."
Now, I make the point that, under that rule, the
Chair must commence the call of the bills in the
order in which they stand on the Calendar, com-
mencing at the head. In addition to that, I make
this point; that this committee cannot know what
has taken place in any former committee. The
committee keeps no record, and it is impossible
to know what lmstaken place, or what was under
consideration at the time the committee rose.
And, Mr. Chairman, I make this third point:
that at the last time the committee was in session,
it did not have under consideration this bill at all.
It had under consideration the deficiency bill,
which was passed in the House yesterday.
Now, I know that, under the 5Gth rule, it was
claimed the other day that the Committee of the
Whole must take up business where it was left
off on the previous day; but if the Chair will
refer to that 56th rule, he will find that it refers
exclusively to the order of business in the House.
It has no reference to the proceedings in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, at all. By the rule applying
in committee, we must commence at the head of
the Calendar. It is true that it has sometimes
been held that the committee must resume its
business where it left off on the preceding day.
But that does not settle this question, because, as
I have said, the committee keeps no record; and,
although it may happen that the same gentleman
may now be in the chair who was in the chair
when the Pacific railroad was under considera-
tion, yet the records of the House will show that
when the House was last in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the present oc-
cupant of the chair did not preside, but the chair
was occupied by a gentleman from the State of
Virginia; and that not the Pacific railroad bill,
but the deficiency bill was under consideration.
Mr. SICKLES. The deficiency bill, to which
the gentleman refers, was before the Committee
of the Whole as a special order of the House;
and it is therefore true that, when the committee
was last in session upon the general orders before
it, this bill was under consideration-, and that is
the question which we have got to consider. Now,
if the gentleman will refer to what follows rule
114, in the Manual, he will see it is stated that—
" Where a bill has been taken up and is left undisposed
of at the lising of the committee, it is the business first in
order when the House shall again resolve itself into' com-
mittee."
That expressly decides the point now under
consideration. And as to the fact that there is
no official record, I think that is an extremely
technical objection upon a point of hypothesis.
While it is true that we have no journal of the
proceedings of the Committee of the Whole, but
a record of the proceedings of the committee in
the official report made and recognized by the
House as official, the Globe does contain an
official record of our proceedings in cofhmittee;
and therefore I say, that the fact is clearly before
the Chair that this bill was before the committee
when it was last in session.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not pretend to doubt
the correctness of the Manual of our excellent
Journal Cleric, but it does not meet the point I
have presented.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will permit me, I will suggest that it is
also provided by the rules of the House that they
shall have force in the Committee of the Whole,
so far as they may be applicable.
Mr. BRANCH. One point has been made by
the gentleman from New York. I admit that a
business in order at the rising of the committee,
provided there were means of finding out officially
from the rccord what that business was, would
come up at the next session of the committee.
But, sir, by an order of the House on yesterday,
making the deficiency appropriation bill a special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, the committee was discharged from
the consideration of the unfinished business. The
very act of making a special order in the com-
mittee yesterday by a vote of the House, dis-
charged the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the business which was then
pending, and which would have been the unfin-
ished business of the day before. The record of
the House shows all the facts upon which my
point of order can be based. * It shows no partof
the frots upon which it is claimed that this Pacific
railroad bill must be taken up.
The gentleman from New York says that the
facts are published in the Daily Globe. The gen-
tleman is too good a lawyer to contend that the
Daily Globe is a record in any sense of the word
at all. It is certainly not an official record of this
House, and cannot be used as such. Our pro-
ceedings are also published ill the daily newspa-
pers of the city of New York, and they couid
not be brought here to prove to this House what
is the business in order. You can no more bring
the Daily Globe here to show what is the busi-
ness in order, and to show what is the condition
of the business of this House, than the New
York daily newspapers. The Journal of the
House, which is kept by your Journal' Clerk, is
the only record that can be recognized, either by
the House or this committee. By that Journal
it is shown that day before yesterday the House
went into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that the Chairman, upon
the rising of the committee, (the same gentleman
who happens to-day to occupy the chair,) reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Pacific railroad bill, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon. Under the clause read by the
gentleman from New York, that fact would have
made the Pacific railroad bill the first business in
order when the House again resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Admit that.
There is, then, this additional fact: that the
House, seeing that the Committee of the Whole
oil the state of the Union was blocked up with
the Pacific railroad bill, and desiring that thecom-
mittee should not again take it up, ordered that
when the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
should take up the deficiency appropriation bill.
By that order, sir, I insist that the House dis-
charged the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill. Admitting i t'to/be true that the busi-
ness regularly in order on yesterday waV thfe
Pacific railroad bill, and that'it would haves been
considered but for the order of the; House; still",1
stand'to it that the House, by n vote.which is
upon the record,and which the Clerkcttn read to
the committee, did yesterday discharge the Cofri-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union
from the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill,
and order the committee to go on with the deff-
ciency appropriation bill. The committee did go
on with it. It spent a whole" day in considering
it,a differentgentleman entirely being in thtfcliair.
Because to-day the same gentleman happens to,
be appointed by the Speaker to the chair—the same
gentleman whooccupied it when the Pacific rail-
road bill was up before—it is claimed, in defiance
of the order of the House, that we should take op
"that bill from which the committee was discharged
by the House itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for general de-
bate on the bill has now expired. ■ ■
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to say one word1 upon
the point of order before (he committee.-
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair stated to the committee that the first
business in order was the House bill No. 701,
granting alternate sections of the public lands to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in the
Territory of Nebraska; it being the unfinished
business before the committee at its last session.
The gentleman from North Carolina rises to a
point of order, stating that when the committee
was last in session it had-the deficiency appro-
priation bill under consideration, and that, con- ,
setjuently, this railroad bill could not be the un- \
finished business before the committee. The \
Chair overrules the point of order. The Journal
kept by the Clerk shows that the Chairman re-
ported, on the rising of the committee; that it had
under consideration this railroad bil( and had '
come to no conclusion thereon. The next day !
the House ordered the deficiency appr6priation < p
bill to be considered in the committeeas a special
order. In the opinion of the Chair, that order w
only held the regular order of business in abey-
ance until the deficiency appropriation bill was
disposed of. Under the rules as they stand it is
provided that, whenever a class of business is
again rcached which was Ifcft unfinished, either
in the House or committee, it must be resumed
where it wrts left off. The rules of the House,
as has been stated, have force in the committee
so far as they are applicable. In this case they
do apply to the extent of resuming the business
which was for a time interfered with by a special
order. The Chair overrules the point of order,
and decides that the pending railroad bill, being
the unfinished business before the committee, is
now properly under consideration.
The reading of the bill by sections, for amend-
ment, was then concluded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the bill
be laid aside, to L|e reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass. - -
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments pending to the bill, which must be disposed
of before the Chair can entertain the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I would like to know
howtheseamendments are pending, for no amend-
ments were offered while the bill was being read
by sections for amendment? I understand the
Chair to have decided that the bill was not open
to amendment until it was read by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. Whenthe bill was reported
by the Clerk, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] proposed an amendment, which was entered
upon the Journal. That amendment is in the
nature of a substitute. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Cdrtis] then submitted an amendment to
that amendment, tllso in the nature of a substi-
tute. The Chair decides that, until those amend-
ments are disposed of, it is not in order to move
that the committee rise and report the bill to the
-House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I understand that
there was a mere suggestion, that those amend-
ments would be offered whenthe bill was read
through by sections. I think the Chair has de-
cided, time and again, that a bill is not subject to
amendment until it is being read by sections, and
these amendments were not then offered. Under
the peculiar circumstances surrounding this case,
