E0MAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ator from Arkansas is discussing the merits £>f
the bill, ' •
Mi. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir. I
move thai the Senate adjourn. ' '
Mr.TEN EYCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
1 he yeas and nays were ofdered; and being
taken, resulted—-yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bigter, - Bragg, Bright,
Cameron. Crittefiden. liixon. Douglas, Fitch.Green, Hemp-
hill, l!tuiu;:yjoltfison oi Arkansas, johnson of Tennessee,
Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Fearce, Polk. Powell, and Sebas-
tian—'£tl
<&AY&—Messrs. Anthony, Singhaih^Chandler, Clark,
Htoolittie, Uurltee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster. Grimes, Gwin,
Hale. King, Lattiain, Moirill, Rice, Seward, Simmons.
Sumnt'i Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—25
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on JNaval Affairs to offer the following
amendment to the bill: .
For the construction of a sewer In Brooklyn, New York,
upon Flushing avenue, adjoining the property of the-United
States, to Vandertnit avenue, Sience through the United
States grounds to tne Wallaboutwatei,@l50.000r Provided,
That the eiry oi Brooklyn shall payone half the cost of the
same on Flushing avenue.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I raise the question whether
that is in order. X should like to know on what
rule it can be received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair does not recognize this as a private
claim. He does not see any objection to it in
point of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be objectionable
without being a private claim. I want to know
by what authority it comes here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It comes from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, as the Senator
from Iowa stated. The amendment is in order.
Mr.- GRIMES. I wish to say, in explanation
of this proposition, that, by an act making appro-
priations for the naval service, approved March
3,.1857, the same provision was passed, making'
an appropriation ofthesame amountfor the same
purpose—the building of a sewer through the pub-
lic grounds,and in a street adjacent to the public
"rounds, in Brooklyn, in connection with a sewer
about to be constructed by the authorities of the
city of Brooklyn. The city of Brooklyn did not,
at that time, go on with the work; and hence the
appropriation reverted to the Treasury, and it be-
comes necessary to inappropriate the same amount.
The committee is informed that the authorities of
Brooklyn are now about to go on with this work.
They are building a server along Flushing avenue,
which will dram about six hundred acres of land
within the corporate limits of the city; the con-
sequence of which will be that, unless the Gov-
ernment appropriates an. amount of money in
order £fi carry it through its own domain, the
navy-yard, barracks, &c., will be overflowed with
the sewerage of the city. I desire to say further
that 1 hold in my hand a letter received from the
Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, recom-
mending the adoption of this proposition.
Mr. POLK. The difference between this and
the Cleveland case is, as it seems to me, that in
the Cleveland case the sewer was built, and we
were asked to pay for the expense of building it;
and this is a case in which we are asked to vote
"the money to pay the expense of a sewer when it
shall be built hereafter. That is just the differ-
ence. In point of merit, it seems to me the Cleve-
land case was quite as high ss this, if not higher.
Another thing; will it require $60,000 to build a
sewer through the public grounds at Brooklyn?
I apprehend that that is rather an extravagant
estimate, i should like to know from the Sen-
ator if it will require $60,000 to build a sewer
through the public grounds at Brooklyn ?
Mr. GRIMES. I am not enough of an engi-
neer to be able to inform the Senator from Mis-
souri. 1 only know that it is the amount which
has been once appropriated by Congress, and it
is the amount now asked to carry on the work;
but I apprehend no more of the appropriation will
be expended than will be necessary; and if there
shall be any surplus, it will never be drawn from
the Treasury.
Mr. POLK. I expect it will turn out that this
money is not to be expended for building a sewer
on the public grounds merely, but to aid in build-
ing a sewer in the streets, with which the*sewer
on the public grounds will make connection. The
Government is to bear about half the expense that
the city of Brooklyn will be compelled to pay for
building a sewer in her own streets. That is it.
Mr. GRIMES. I tried to observe no conceal-
ment about this. I stated in the beginning that a
portion of this money was for building one half
the sewer along Flushing avenue, in Brooklyn. 1
have the plan of the sewer here in my hand. An-
other portion of it-is to be used in building the
sewer through the public grounds. The sewer-
age of the city strikes at one corner of the public
grounds, and runs along by the side of a street,
of which the Government of the United States is
one of the adjacent proprietors; all the others are
private persons. It is proposed by this amend-
ment that the Government shall be at the expense
of building one half of this sewer, while the cit-
izens of Brooklyn, owning adjacent property on
the other side, shall pay the other half. Then,
after passing opposite two blocks of lots on Flush-
ing avenue, it turns on the public grounds away
from the city.
Mr. POLK. Then, so far as all that part of the
sewer is concerned, which is bounded m part by
the public property, and in part by private prop-
erty, it is the Cleveland case precisely. It differs
from the Cleveland case only in so far as it may
be required to be built exclusively on the public
grounds; but in the estimate we do not know
what proportion of the amount will be for build-
ing the sewer exclusively on the public grounds,
and what portion of it is to be built where the
public grounds front on one side, and private
grounds of the private citizens of Brooklyn front
on the other side.
Mr. GRIMES. Therp is this distinction be-
tween the case in Cleveland and this: vjf are au-
thorizing this sewer to be built on the presump-
tion that it is going to benefit our property. W'e
own a large amount of property adjacent to the
sewer, and we think it will be for the benefit of
our property that it shall be drained. The Gov-
ernment authorities say so. Now, the question
is, whether we shall perform that duty which
would be exacted under the city government from
a private person, or whether we shall cause the city
authorities of Brooklyn to perform that duty which
our own officers, in our own department, say is
for our benefit, and will increase the value of our
own property. I am not tenacious about this mat-
ter; I do not care anything about it; but I desire
further to say, that the case in Cleveland was,
where the city authorities had gone on and made
the sewer without any consultation with the au-
thorities of the United States, without any refer-
ence to whether it would be to the advantage of
this Government that that sewer should be com-
pleted or not. That is the difference between the
cases.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that this amend-
ment is for the same object, although the objec-
tion may not be precisely the same, as that in
reference to the city of Cleveland. It involves
this extraordinary proposition: that the Govern-
ment of the United States is to appropriate money
for the construction of a sewer in the city of
Brooklyn along two avenues. Where do get au-
thority to construct a sewer? If we have not that
power, would not this appropriation authorize the
payment of money to the city of Brooklyn for
constructing a sewer that belongs to them ? We
have no jurisdiction of the subject; we have no
authority to construct the sewer. The appro-
priation to "construct" a sewer in a city—what
right have we to make such an appropriation.
The question of taxation does not enter into this,
but the powers of this Government do. What
are we to do with it? It is not ours; it is to con-
struct a sewer in the streets of a city. The ap-
propriation of the money Dy us necessarily im-
plies that the work will have to be done under
the authority of the Federal Government. We
have no power of the kind. I submit that it is a
plain violation of the Constitution.
Mr. GRIMES. I only wish to add to what I
have said, that this amendment is drawn in the
precise phraseology of the act of 1857. I do not
know that it was voted for by the Senator from
Delaware; but it was passed through Congress
since he has been here, and it is to be found in the
eleventh volume of the Statutes at Large.
Mr. BAYARD. It is appropriating the public
money for purposes for which this Government
was never intended.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If my friend from Del-
aware can show me any law in virtue of which
the United States have procured land for the pur-
pose of establishing a navy-yard upon it, then I
think I shall show him that, by necessary inci-
dental power, they may have a right to drain it
by a sewer, if that be necessary, to prevent the
land from being overflowed, or to make it useful
to the Government purposes. That will follow
as an incident.
Mr. BAYARD. I am perfectly aware that tile
honorable Senator and myself differ very much
in the theory of the construction of the powers of
the Federal Government. He would give a much
wider construction,! have nodoubt, than I would,
to the powers of that Government. When under
the Constitution you take lands for necessary
purposes by cession from the States, (and you
can only take them by cession from the States,)
I cannot understand how, when a State cedes you
jurisdiction over land for the purpose of a navy-
yard, that gives you any power to go outside of
the cession, and construct sewers on a public
street. I do not see how you can draw any such
inference. I am unable to draw the inference. I
ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. I should lifee to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa a question: whether there was
anything before the committee showing the neces-
sity for building the sewer in order to protect the
public property ?
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say, in reply to
that question of the Senator from California, that
this matter has been brought to the attention of
the Committee on Naval Affairs since its last
meeting. I hold in my hand a letter from Com-
modore Smith, dated the 20th of February, ad-
dressed to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance of this body. It was brought to me. I do
not know how it got from the Senator from Mary-
land to mo.
Mr. PEARCE. I never saw it or received it.
Mr. GRIMES. It was sent to me by a gentle-
man from the House of Representatives.
Mr. LATHAM. Let it be read.
Mr. GRIMES. I send it to the desk to be read.
Mr.GREEN. I think,asit is near four o'clock,
and the 22d of February, we m igh t as wel 1 adjou rn.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I make the point of order
that this motion to adjourn was made when the
Senator from Iowa was upon the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that the reading of a paper having been
called for, and it being sent to the Chair, a mo-
tion may then be made in regard to the paper, or
in regard to anything else, and a motion to ad-
journ, in the opinion of the Chair, is in order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright,
Cameron, Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch. Green, Hemphill,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tcnnc^ce, Lane, Nich-
olson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, and Sebastian—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Durkee, Fe sonden, Foster, Gumes, Gwin, Hale,
King, Latham, Morrill, Rice. Seward, Simmon>, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wigtall, Wilkinson, and .
Wilson—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr, BAYARD. I consider the amendment pro-
viding for the construction of a sewer in Brooklyn
as much more objectionable than that which pro-
posed that we should be subjected to local taxa-
tion on the public property at Cleveland. This
involves the question of the constitutional powers
of the Federal Government. It is an appropria-
tion of money for the construction of a sewer, not
on grounds ceded to the United States, but in the
city of Brooklyn and outside of these grounds. It
necessarily means that the Government- of the
United States is to construct it, that it is to be the
property of the United States. The Senator from
Kentucky may say that Congress has powar to
pass all laws that are needful to carry its granted
powers into execution. Concede that to be the
true construction. I do notdoubtittobe the proper
principle. Apply it in this ease. The United States
acquired ground for a navy-yard in the city of
Brooklyn. The ground on which it stands must,
in the language of the Constitution, have been
" purchased by the consent of the Legislature of
