1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
the State " of New York. It is a part of the soil I
of the State^ subject to its sovereignty and juris- j
diction. The language of the Constitution is ex- j
press that Congress may exercise legislative pow- I
ers over all places purchased by the consent of '
the Legislature of the State in which the same
shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arse-
nals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings." j
There is no doubt that anavy-yard is within that
power; but if you want to go oeyond that navy-
yard, if you want to erect a permanent structure
on grounds outside of the limits ceded to you, w hat
are you to do? You must first get a cessionfiom
the State of New York of the right to make a
structure in the public streets of Brooklyn. That
seems to me the plain interpretation. Get that,
and I have no doubt then, if a sewer is necessary
as an incident to your navy-yard, you have the j
right to construct it; but 1 deny that, because a j
sewer is necessary to carry out the objects of the \
navy-yard, under a cession from the State of New i
York of the grounds for the navy-yard, you have i
a right to trespass on her sovereignty outside of |
that navy-yard and make a permanent sti ucture !
on lauds without its limits in the stieels of the city. ;
It is. no fair inference from the power, in my judg- '
ment.
As I said, this appropriation is not to pay
money to the city of Brooklyn to aid in the con- j
struction of a work, which, while benefiting other j
people s property, may incidentally affect the '
United States. That would be the same as the
assumption of a tax by agreement m the first in-
stance All these thingsendin jobs. They spring
from them. Individual interests are at the bottom
of the whole of them. I know how very easy it
is to get up these statements of the necessity of j
public buildings and improvements around them. ;
The Government will be made to pay, no doubt, :
two thuds of the cost of this work, which ought j
to lie done by the municipal corporation that will j
derive the mam benefit. If there is the slightest j
benefit to Government property, the Government !
is made to pay nearly the whole cost, and indi-
viduals pocket the money. It is part of a false
system. The city of Brooklyn is perfectly able*
and competent to construct the proper sewerage
for the city. The United States have nothing to
do with it: they have no power to construct it
themselves, and they have no power to pay money
to the city of Brooklyn for the purpose of con-
structing it. It would be much better, in my
judgment, tar preferable, to adopt the principle of
the case that came from Cleveland and subject
ouiselves to our ratable share of the taxes as-
sessed for the sewer, instead of undertaking be-
forehand to oruer the work to be done, when you
know nothing of the cost, and can have no con-
trol of the cost unless you assume unconstitu-
tional authority to erect a sewer outside of any
ground which has been ceded by the Slate of New
York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. BRAGG. I thought that a paper was
ordered to be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Its reading has
not again been asked for.
Air. CRITTENDEN. I want to hear some
evidence of the propriety and necessity of this i
woik. that we may have some official authority ]
for our action. As to the constitutional question, !
I can vote without any difficulty. • !
Mi. BRIGHT. 1 hope the communication j
from Commodore Smith, who is at the head of j
the bureau, will be read. He is a man who would !
not recommend a thing that was not right.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Bureau of Yards and Pocks, February SO. 1861.
Sir : Mr. William li. lewi^, a commissioner on water,
sewerage, k.c.} ot the city of Brooklyn. New Yoik.desires
now to have the sewer conducted ihiouuh the Govern-
ment propeity, a< heietoioie provided for !>y law.
On the ;?<{ March, 185J, an nppropuation of .$00,000 was
made by Congress l'or a shwoi on Fiu^lnnsf avenue, I'.iook-
!yn. to the Wallabout channel, throimh tlj« Government
gioumis. on condition that the city of Biookljn should pay
one halt the uxpmise on Fiu<hm<i awnue
Though frequently called upon, the city neglected to com-
ply wiiti the terms ol the law, and alter two years had ex-
plicit, the -idtd appropriation ol §80,000 i evened back to the
surplu- fund ol the Treasury, according to law.
In the supplemental estimates submitted bv tins bureau
for 1861 62, the  um ot .$60,000 was a-'keu to be reappio-
pr.ated tor the putpo-se btatud, but was not cmbtarort in rho
Navy appropiiiilion bill.
The connnisMonet from Brooklyn asks that tin* amount
be reuppropuated, and the sewer constructed as a neces-
sary improvement, m which opinion the bureau fully con-
curs.
i have the lionot to he, very respectfully, your obedient
seivant, JOSEPH SMJTH.
Hon. James A. Pearce, Chairman Committee on Finance,
United States Senate
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand it very
imperfectly now. This gentleman is described
as the commissioner of the city. If I understand
it, he is not an officer of ours.
Mr. GRIMES. This letter is written by an
officer ot ours, Commodore Smith.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, I understand that.
Mr. GRIMES. Ke says that an agent of the
city government of Brooklyn has been here re-
questing that this money shall be rcappropri-
ated—thatisall—in which Commodore Smith says
that he fully concurs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know that we
ought to employ a commissioner of the city of
Brooklyn to make a sewer through the grounds
of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator's pardon.
There is no such provision as that m the amend-
ment. We have nothing to do with this commis-
sioner. Commodore Smith, in las letter, merely
refers to this commissioner of Brooklyn os being
hcie m the capacity of an agent of that city, ask-
ing that this money shall be reappropriated.
Mr. CRITTRNDEN. Is this §60,000 to make
a sewer through the property of the United
States?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The city of Brooklyn,
then, has charge of building the sewer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I think he did not exactly
appiehend the letter. Provision was heretofore
made, on condition that the city of Brooklyn
should pay half the expense of constructing the
sewer. The city of Brooklyn refused to do it—
would not do it at all; and the appropriation
lapsed, or went hack into the general fund. Now
the city of Biooklyn, through some commis-
sioner, tells the bureau that it will do it. That is
what the letter states.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand all that;
but the deficiency of the information now consists
in this: that we have not the law before us which
was passed originally. "We know nothing about
the terms of the law, the exactions of the law;
nor have we the information m point of fact as to
the necessity that exists for having such a work
—the necessity to the United States, I mean.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator allow me one
moment? As this is not a western matter,! should
be very much guitified to hear from one of the
Senators from New York. Tiiey certainly must
be much better informed than we of the West are
on this question.
Mr. CHANDLER. This question has been
once settled this morning. The case is identical
with that of Cleveland, with this exception: in
Cleveland, the money has been expended and is
now due to the contractors. The Senate has once
decided that it will pay no such claim. Now, it
is a mere question, whether you will, as honest
men, pay what you owe, or whether you will
repudiate an honest debt, and then, where you
do not owe, undertake to do work of the same
character and provide in advance for paying for
it. The principle has been settled against my
judgment, foi I voted for the other claim, because
it was an honest claim, honestly due to the con-
tractors. But the question having been settled, I
shall now vote against this appropriation, because
1 think they may as well wait a year or two longer
as they have a year or two past. Until Cleveland
is paid, I shall vote against Brooklyn.
Mr. HALE. My friend from Michigan en-
tirely misapprehends this matter. This is an
improvement that fhe Government wants to make
on its own grounds and for its own benefit. In- .
asmuch as H will partially inure to the city of
Brooklyn, when the appropriation was made, four
years ago, a condition was inserted that Brook- 1
lyn should pay a certain proportion of the ex- j
pense, which she declined to do. It is noi a j
movement of the city of Brooklyn. It is a mote-  
ment of the Government at Washington. And
inasmuch as the city of Brooklyn will receive
benefit from U, it is proposed that it shall incur
part of the burdens The municipal authorities
there declined then to do it, but come forward
nQw and sav they are willing to do it. It is just
exactly as different from the case of Cleveland as
are the St. Clair flats and the Merrimac river.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from New York
will allow me, I desire to make an inquiry. I
desire to ask the honorable Senator from Iowa
who has this amendment in charge from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, if the Government has
caused any examination of this property by a
competent engineer? Has there been any report
that it is necessary for the protection of the Gov-
ernment property that this sewer should be made,
and has there been any estimate of the cost re-
ported by any competent person? If it is neces-
sary to the protection of Government property,
to make it available for use, that this sewer be
made, and if a proper estimate has been made oui
by competent parties, the amendment ought to
prevail; otherwise I think it should not. Itseems
to me to be a very large amount for a sewer.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only to refer the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to the letter of Commodore
Smith, which has already been read.
Mr. POWELL. I did not hear that letter very
distinctly; but it struck me that there was no as-
sertion in it that there had been any estimate made'
of the cost, or any report by competent engineer^
as to the necessity of this work.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me the best evi-
dence that there has been due deliberation on this
side, will be found m the act of Congress ap-
proved 3d March, 1857, where this provision was
made:
" For the construction of a sewer upon Flushing avenaa
to Vandcrbilt's avenue, thence through the United States
grounds to the Wallabout water, $60,000: Provided, Thai
the city of Brooklyn shall pay one half the cost o{ the
same on Flusbfngavcnue."
That is the exact language of the amendment
that is now proposed; and it was inserted, I pre-
sume, upon an estimate of the Department made
in 1856
Mr. POWELL. With great deference to my
distinguished friend from Iowa, I beg to say—and
I regret to say it—that the action of this bo4y is
no evidence to me that a matter has been well and
maturely considered.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 recollect very distinctly vot-
ing for the erection of public buildings in Cleve-
land, where they are much less necessary and
much less useful to the United States than the
navy-yard at Brooklyn is, I voted with regret'
against the proposition for paying the cost of the
sewer in front of those buildings; but under the
understanding that it was a city improvemeht,
and an attempt to tax the United States for prop-
erty which they possessed, for municipal pur-
poses, I voted against it. I may have been mis-
taken; but itwa-s an honest vote which wasgiven
on that occasion.
Now, the simple transaction here is, that the
navy-yard at Brooklyn, so early as 1857, was
found to require, for its perfection as a navy-yard,
a sewer to be built, and Congress appropriated
$60,000 for that purpose; but, as the benefits result-
ing from it would inure also to the city of Brooklyn,
they annexed a condition to the appropriation that
it should take effect only if Brooklyn should apply
a similar amount. The city of Brooklyn was not
interested in it sufficiently to induce the authori-
ties there to consent to make that appropriation.
In the supplemental estimates for the year 1861-62,
the Bureau of Yards and Docks recommend the
appropriation of this $60,000 for the purpose of
making this improvement at the navy-yard now;
and they seem to have obtained, at last, the con-
sent of the city of Brooklyn to make the corre-
sponding appropriation which is required from
them. I never have heard of the question before;
I know nothing of it; but I know the situation of
the navy-yard; I know how important it is; and
then everybody, I think, knows Commodore
Smith, the head of that bureau, and knows him
to be as honest, as faithful, as capable, and as dis-
creet and judicious and economical an officer as
this Government has ever had. I shall therefore
vote for this amendment; and 1 beg to express the
hope that the honorable Senator from Michigan
will change his determination and vote with me.
\ should not like to see him carry out his threat,
even if I had voted wrong, and many of us had
voted wrong,on theClevelandquestion. That may
be a subject for reconsideration; we can, perhaps,
be convinced* I hope there will be no retaliation.
