1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &IiOM
the House was a bill to run the boundary line be-
tween Texas and Mexico. You may say that
they both related to the public lands of the United
States; but they were not even so far germane as
that they both related to the Territories; because
Texas was a State at that time, admitted into the
Union, and the bill before the House was one to
provide for running the boundary line between
her and Mexico. The Speaker held that inas-
much as both bills covered the one great subject
of the territory acquired from Mexico, and inas-
much as a portion of that territory would have to
be acted on with reference to the boundary be-
tween Texas and Mexico, it was germane within
the rule.
Mr. BRANCH. Those cases are, of course,
no way similar to the case now pending before
the House, and it is hard to draw a parallel be-
tween them, although it is very obvious that when
a bill was pending before the House ta dispose of
the territory acquired from Mexico, a bill pro-
posing to establish one government out of a part
of that territory, was relevant to a bill to provide
a government for another part of it.
The point, however, is this: that the rules of
the House require that there shall be relevancy
between the subject-matter proposed to be stricken
out and the subject-matter proposed to be in-
serted. The titles of the bills that £ have read to
the Chair show distinctly that they arc for totally
different, distinct objects. One proposes to give
lands in alternate sections for the building of a
railroad in Nebraska, and the grant is made to
the Territory itself; the other proposes to give
lands, not to a Territory, riot to a State, to enable
them to build a railroad, bu't to a company of
private individuals named in the bill; it is not
even legislation for the sole purpose of making a
railroad; it is a bill to provide for the transport-
ation Qf the mails and of naval and military stores
between the Atlantic and Pacific. You might
just as well claim that a bill granting lands to the
Territory of Nebraska is relevant to and could
be moved as an amendment to the General Post
Office bill or to the post route bill that is passed
here at each session of Congress. A railroad is
spoken of in the bill proposed as an amendment
by the gentleman from- Iowa, but that is not the
primary object of the bill at all; the building of
a railroad is not the ostensible object of his bill;
but the transportation of the mails and of muni-
tions of war between the Atlantic and Pacific; and
the object of the bill to which it is offered as an
amendment, is to provide solely and exclusively
for the building of a railroad in the Territory of
Nebraska. In every instance in which the House
has decided that those bills have been relevant, it
has been where the one proposed as an amend-
ment was similar in its objects and similar in the
means by which it proposed to attain those ob-
jects to the one that it was proposed to strike out."
I do think, Mr, Chaiiman, that upon an ex-
, amination of these bills, the Chair cannot "hesitate
in the opinion that they are unlike, that they are
irrelevant; and if weeslahlish now that this amend-
ment is in order, my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax.] the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, may expect to see all
the railroad bills fastened on to his post route
bill at the close of the session, or fastened on to
the general appropriation bill for carrying on the
postal service, or fastened on to the military ap-
propriation bill, or any other. The object of the
bill proposed by the gentleman from Iowa is not
solely or even mainly to build a railroad, accord-
ing to its title; but it is to provide for the trans-
portation of mails and of munitions ■of war be-
tween the Atlantic and the Pacific. I regret that
I have consumed so much time upon this ques-
tion, and will not further occupy the attention of
the committee.
Mr. CURTIS sought the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to re-
mind the committee that debate is not in order;
but the Chair will hear the gentleman if the com-
mittee do not object.
No objection was made.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say, in reply to the
argument of the gentleman from North Carolina
that the two bills are not irrelevant, that I can
hardly imagine howtwo bills could be more rele-
vant. In the first place, as to the persons to whom
the grant is to be made: the original bill is a bill
to grant lands to a territory—a quasi-corporation;
my amendment is to grant lands to a corporation;
so that in that they resemble each other. In the
next place, the original bill grants alternate sec-
tions of land; the amendment grants alternate sec-
tions of land; so that in that they resemble each
other. And finally, the object of the original bill
is to build a railroad; and obviously the object of
the amendments proposed is to build a railroad.
No matter what the title of the bill is, it is clear,
from the whole text, that the object of the bill is,
as was said by the gentleman who made the point
of order, to build two railroads to the Pacific ocean.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Davis] raises the question of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
is not relevant to the bill, and is therefore out of
order; and he had the 48th rule read, which is as
follows:
" No motion or proposition oil a subject different from that
under consideration shall be admitted under color of amend-
ment. No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be amended
by annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith, any other
bill or resolution pending before the House."
The Chair understood that to be the point of
order raised. The Chair overrules the point of
order on the question of relevancy, and would
refer to the Manual prepared by the clerk, Mr.
Barclay, and cited by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sickles:] -
" A bill granting lands to a State for railroad purposes
may be amended by adding thereto a similar provision for
other States."
Now, the original bill provides for a grant of
lands in alternate sections for the purpose of build-
ing a railroad on the western side of the Missouri
river; the amendment proposed provides for grant-
ing alternate sections of land for the building of
a railroad also on the west side of the Missouri
river; for the same purpose, only more extended.
The Chair therefore holds that the amendment
is germane to the original bill. The title of the
bill forms no part of it, and the amendment has
no title. Nothing can be argued from the title of
a bill as to relevancy.
Mr. DAVIS, oWndiana. Just a word, sir. One
bill grants alternate sections of public land to a
Territory, or future State; the other bill is for a
totally different purpose, and is for the construc-
tionof two Pacific railroads, and agrantof money
out of the Treasury of the United States to pay
for the construction of these roads; and it places
the power of constructing them in the hands of a
corporation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman, with the permission of the com-
mittee, that he bases his decision upon the general
purposes of the proposed legislation. The general
purpose of these grants of land is to build rail-
roads; and the mode and manner in which it is
to be done do not affect the question of relevancy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. With all due respect
to the Chair, I take an appeal from his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Davis] raises the question of order, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] is the same as a bill now pending before
the House. The Chair would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Iowa if that is the case.'
Mr. REAGAN. Have we reached the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the amendment
upon which the point of order is raised, as the
Chair understands; and the Chair now inquires,
for information, of the gentleman from Iowa, if
his amendment is the same as any bill now pend-
ing before the House ?
Mr. CURTIS. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS,of Indiana. I withdrawthatbranch
of my question, arid put it upon the point of rel-
evancy, which is clear enough.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman raises the
pointof order that the amendment is not germane
to the original bill. The Chair has overruled the
point of order, and the gentleman .from Indiana
now appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire information upon
the point, whether the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa is the same as House bill No.
835. He says it is not. That is negative inform-
ation. Before I can vote intelligently on this point,
I want to know what his amendment is.
Mr. CURTIS. My amendment is similar to
that bill, but not the same.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that that branch of the pd'int' of order has beeh
withdrawn by the gentleman from Indiana.-.T-tw!'"
point of order as it stands now is simply whether
the amendment 5s germane to the original bill'.* '
Mr. MAYNARD. Still I insist that I have a,
right to know what the proposed amendment is;'
We are told, negatively, thatit is not the sameas -
House bill No. 835. In order to dccide whether
it is germane to the original bill, -we must know
what its phraseology is. ' '
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order raised
by the gentleman from Indiana is not in rela-
tion to this; and the Chair can only decide one
point of order at a time. When that is disposed
of, the gentleman will be entitled to raise his point:
of order. The question now is: " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the-'
committee?" _ „,
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was affirmed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will nowpro-
ceed to read the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. CtfRTis.} 1
Th& Clerk commenced to read the'same.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to know whether this:
is being read by sections for amendment. If so,
I have some amendments to propose to it.
The CHAIRMAN. This id one entire amend-
ment, and cannot be read by sections for amend-
ment.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to know whether the
object is to put in an entire railroad bill, involving
$100,000,000, without giving the Representatives
of the people an opportunity to amend it?
Mr. SCOTT. I call the gentleman from Texas
to order. Debate is not in order.
Mr. REAGAN. I am inquiring as to a point
of order, and am not debating.
Mr. SCOTT. I call the gentleman *to order.
Debate has been closed on this bill.
Mr. REAGAN. I want information from the
Chair. I am entitled to know what is being done.
That is what I rise for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has given the
information asked by the gentleman.
Mr. REAGAN. I have not got it, and am not
permitted to ask for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has stated that
the amendment of the gentleman" from Iowa, to
strike out and insert, not being divisible, is not
open to amendment, because it is itself an amend-
ment in the second degree.
Mr. REAGAN. Will we then bo permitted,if
that be adopted as a substitute, to move to amend
it?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be open for
amendment, as it is one entire amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. Then the fact is, that we are
called upon to vote on the mostimportant bill that
ever came before the American Congress, while
we are prevented, by a trick, from either discuss-
ing or amending it.
Mr. SICKLES I call the gentleman from
Texas to order. It is not in order for him to
charge the House with being engaged in a trick.
Mr. REAGAN. I say it is a contemptible
trick.
Mr. SCOTT. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. CURTIS. I want to know what the gen-
tleman from Texas said about " contemptible?"
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to ask a
question for information.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
suggest that inquiry in the nature of debate is not"
in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I merely desire to
make an inquiry of the Chair. I think this thing
ought not to be put through in this way. I think
it ought to receive some little consideration in this
committee. I want to know whether it would bo
in order, at this stage, to offer an amendment to
that which is now being read?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment now
being read is an amendmentin the second degree;
and the gentleman from Indiana knows the rules
of the House well enough to be awnro that art
amendment in the second degree is not amend-
able.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. "Then will it be in
order, after this amendmentshallhave been read,
to move an amendment to it?
The CHAIRMAN. This is an amendment to
