166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
strike out and insert, and therefore is not divisi-
ble, and cannot be amended. Whatever is in-
serted by a vote of the committee cannot be after-
wards stricken out. But if the amendment shall
be rejected, then the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will be read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I understand
this whole movement.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear an
inquiry, but hopes that it will be a simple inquiry,
and not a discussion.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to know whether the
rule does not require that the amendment offered
by the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] shall
be read for amendment before we are called upon
to vote on the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that the committee did not desire to have the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio read.
After the vote shall be taken on striking out and
inserting the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, then the vote will be on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. REAGAN. Now, 1 beg to state what I
was trying all the time to state. I thought that
the Clerk was reading the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio; and hence it was that I asked
it to be read by sections for amendment, so that
it might be perfected before the vote was taken
on the substitute of the gentleman from Iowa.
That was what I was insisting on all the time.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa be adopted, then no amend-
ment to it will be in order. But if this amend-
ment shall be voted down, the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio will come up for the action
of the committoo. It will be read through, and a
vote will he had upon it. If it be substituted for
the original bill, then it is the bill which will be
reported to the House; but if it be voted down,
then the original bill will be reported.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope I will not be consid-
ered as trespassmgunnecessarily on the attention
of the Chair. All that I want is a correct under-
standing of this matter. I understand now, that
the Chair decides that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not to be read for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has said, some
four or five times, that the Clerk would first read
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa. That is one entire amendment to strike
9Ut and insert, and is not divisible.
Mr. REAGAN Can I offer amendments now,
or.can 1 have the privilege at any time of amend-
ing the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will repeat.
The original bill, which is the text in this case,
has been read through, and is open to no amend-
ment except additions to it. The amendment of
out
be
voted down, the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio will bo in order, and will be open to
amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. Do I understand that I can
now offer amendments to the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. BRANCH. I think I can satisfy my friend
from Texas in a moment, if the Chair will allow
me the privilege of doing so. This is a proposi-
tion made by the gentleman from Iowa, to strike
out the whole of the pending bill and to substitute
another bill for it. I take it—and 1 think the
Chair will sustain me in it—that before the motion
to strike out is put to the committee, a motion to
perfect the part proposed to be stricken out is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. This is an amendment in
the second degree, and cannot be amended.
Mr. BRANCH. The point I make is this:
that the motion to strike out is postponed until
motions to perfect the part to be stricken out are
disposed of. think the Chair will, on reflection,
be satisfied that there may, in this way, be a
dozen amendments pending at once. But the
motion to strike out is postponed until the part
proposed to be stricken out is perfected to the
satisfaction of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that
all this debate is out of order. He can only state,
in addition, more cxplicity, the order in which
these questions arise. The original text was first
the gentleman from Iowa, proposing to strike
and insert, is not divisible; but if it should
before the committee, and was open to. amend-
ment. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio was an amendment in the first degree. The
gentleman from Iowa moved to amend that amend-
ment, which was an amendment in the second de-
gree, and no further amendment is now in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Exactly. But, as soon as
the vote has been taken on the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, my friend from Texas may
then offer his amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I must object to all further
debate upon this question. I was ruled out in the
last session, on the flaxseed question, on pre-
cisely the same grounds. [Laughter.] Now, I
must object to any further debate in reference to
this matter.
Mr, MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio will be read if any
gentleman desires it.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the Chair allow me to
say that, as I understand his decision, the only
opportunity we have had, or can have, to amend
the Pacific railroad bill, to be passed by this House,
is to amend the text of the bill granting lands to
the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
that he has permitted this debate to go on out of
order, but that he must now enforce the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order,
and will bring myself within the rules. When
this bill was taken up, an amendment was pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio to strike out
all after the enacting clause and substitute there-
for a proposition which he scntup to the Clerk's
desk, and which lms not been read. The gentle-
man from Iowa then moved to amend the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking it
out and inserting a proposition which, he says,
is substantially the same, but not identical with
the bill reported to the House from the select
committee of which he is chairman. The original
text was read for amendment; and any amend-
ment to that text was in order while it was being
read. Now, the point I present is, that before the
vote is taken upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa, it is proper that the substitute of
the gentleman from Ohio should be read, and any
amendments received to it which may be offered
with a view to perfect it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and decides that only two
amendments can be pending to the bill at the
same time. By the rules of the House, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa is an amend-
ment in the second degree, and until that amend-
ment be disposed of, no further amendment is in
order. If that amendment shall be voted down
it will then be in order to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking out and
inserting. The Clerk will now report the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call for the read-
ing of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must enforce
the rules. The Clerk will read the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa.
The Clerk commenced to read the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I ask the Clerk to read a rule which I send up.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to in-
terrupt the reading of the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. Then the Chuirducides that
he will not hear a rule read.
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the Clerk lias
finished reading the amendment.
The Clerk finished the reading of the amend-
ment.
Mr. REAGAN. I now ask the Chairman
whether an amendment is not in order to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio before
the vote is taken on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa; and I desire to read the follow-
ing clause from the Manual:
u When itis pioposed to amend bymscrtinga paragraph,
or part of ono, tin) trtemU of the paiagrapli may make it as
pcrl'eet as they can by amendments before the question is
put for inserting it."
I submit that, in accordance with this rule, it
is in order to perfect the amendment of the gen-
tleman frptn Ohio before striking it out. I have
an amendment which I wish in perfect good faith
to $ffer, because I b6lieve it will make the bill
more satisfactory.
The CHAIRMAN. To what does the gentle-
man propose to offer his amendment?
Mr. REAGAN. To the first section of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state again
to the gentleman from Texas, that the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa to strike out and
insert, is, under the 46th rule, indivisible. The
vote must be taken on striking out and inserting.
If the committee, however, vote down the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, a motion to
strike out and insert, applicable to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, will be in order.
Mr. REAGAN. Under the clause of the Man-
ual which I have read, a motion to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by way
of perfecting it, would now be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The clause of the Manual
to which the gentleman refers has reference to
amendments to the original bill. The ehair will
ask the Clerk to read from page 8 of the digest
prepared by the Journal Clerk, to show the gen-
tleman from Texas that it does not apply to the
case now before us.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" An amendment may be moved to an amendment; but
it is not admitted in another degree. But it is tbo well-
settled practice of the House that there may be pending, at
the same time with such amendment to the amendment,
an amendment in the natuie of a substitute for a pait or
the whole of the original text, and an amendment to that
amendment. It was decided many years ago that if the
motion to amend the original matter was first submitted, it
was not then in order to submit an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute ; but it was subsequently deeidcd other-
wise; and the practice ever since has been in accordance
with the latter decision. So, now, notwithstanding the
pendency of a motion to amend an amendment to tfee ori-
ginal matter, a motion to amend in the nature of a substi-
tute and a motion to amend that amendment may be re-
ceived, but cannot be voted upon until the original matter
is pr^fected.,,'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
again, that the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, being an amendment in\he second degree,
is not amendable. If the committee, however,
shall voto down that amendment, the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio will be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. BRIGGS. I wish to ask whether, by the
consent of the committee, it is not competent for
them to accept an amendment without requiring
a vote on it?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee which
reported this bill have not the power to accept
any amendment.
Mr. BRIGGS. I refer to this Committee of the
Whole, and I ask whether they have not the
power, by unanimous consent, to agree to an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa, before thc.yote is taken on adopting
that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent,
this committee can, of course, agree to any amend-
ment.
Mr. BRIGGS. Then I ask the consent of the
committee to accept an amendment, which I pro-
pose to have read.
Mr. COLFAX I object to the amendment. I
object to its being read, and I desire to enter a
standing objection to all further debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not propose to
debate this question; but I do desire to present an
amendment and have it read for the purpose of
indicating to the committee what I propose to offer
if the ponding amendment shall be voted down.
Mr. COLFAX. There is evidently a majority
of the House in favor of this bill as embodied in
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, and
I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Have I not the right
to have the amendment read for the purpose of
indicating what I propose to offer?
The CHAIRMAN. Not if objection be made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Well, sir, I must say
that this is remarkable courtesy coming from my
colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has not the gentle-
man from Indiana the right to offer his amend-
ment as a substitute ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
