THE CONGRESSIONAL GBOBI,
completed; and if said road or branch is not completed
within twenty years, no ftirther sales shall be made, and
the lands unsold shall revert to the United States.
*Qnd be it further enacted, That the United States mail
shall be transported over said road and branch, and all
propprty-or troops of the United States, under the diiection
of  lie President of the TJnited States, at such price or
prices as Congress may by I.uv direct: ProvidedThat
until such price or prices are fixed by law, the President
shall have the power to determine the same.
And be it further enacted, That in any case where the
passengers and freightshall be greaterthan the transporting
capacity of the said road and branch, the Government shali
have priority of right for all pm poses of transportation.
Jlnd be it further enacted, 'That the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections, within the boundaries heretofore named,
shall be set apart and reserved for school purposes, which
thrill be exclusively applied for said purposes, and no other:
Pro aided, That this clause shall not apply to the States
and Terntoiies where the said sections have heretofore
been set apart by any foimer act or acts.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the termini of said road
and branch shall be determined by the President of the
United States, by and with the consent of the said States
and Territories, respectively, in which the termini of the
said road or branch may be.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I haveonly
a word to say, for I do not wish to occupy the
time of the coramtttee. The amendment which
was proposed by the gentleman from Minnesota,
to winch I spoke some little time since,provided
'for money grants. This amendment provides
simply for a grant of land. In conversation with
gentlemen upon this floor, I do not find that any
one denies the importance of this route, and I
now ask whether this House will not agree that
there shall be a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a road over this route ? The amend-
ment proposes ten sections to the mile. While
you give land and money for the support of a cen-
tral and a southern route, I ask if you will refuse
a giant of land for a northern route.
Mr. CURTIS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Washington, and ask
for a vote upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to discuss
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
has already spoken in opposition, and no further
debate is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, there
never was, in the history of this Government, so
gross an attempt to ride over all the rights of the
minority as has been shown to-day upon this bill.
The floor is given to certain gentlemen for the ex-
press purpose of preventing others from debate.
Mr. CURTIS. I call the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to order.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend the motion
so as to provide that the committee rise, and re-
port the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that that will be the consequence of the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, no, that was
not my motion. I move simply that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker, hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of.the House (No. 701) granting lands in
alternate sections to aid in the construction of
certain railrojds in the Territory of Nebraska,
and had instKicted him to report the same, with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
with the recommendation that the bill, as amended,
do pass.
Mr. CURTIS demanded the previous question
upon the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CURTIS demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put,
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KUNKEL moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then commenced to call the roll.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to hear that
bill read. The confusion is so great that it fcim-
possible to know what is going on.
Several Members. Too late; there has been a
response.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if any
gentleman demands that the bill shall be*read, he
has the right to have it read.
Mr. GROW. Not after the roll-call has com-
menced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman has the right to have the bill read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It is impossible to
know what is going on in this confusion. This
bill provides, I believe, for the creation of a pub*
lie debt amounting to $100,000,000; and I wiH not
cast my vote upon it until 1 can have the oppor-
tunity of having it read, and understanding what
its provisions are.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. No business has taken place
since the House voted upon that motion, and the
Chair thinks it is not in order.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The Clerk commenced to read the engrossed
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. This question will come up
to-morrow first in order upon the meeting of the
House; and as it will take some time to read the
bill, I suggest that the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of " Oh no; pass the bill!"] Very well, I
will not make the motion.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly-enrolled an act for the
relief of William A. Linn's estate; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD—AGAIN.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, now I hope
the reading of the bill will be waived. It is true
nobody knows what is in it; but a majority will
vote for it whatever is in it, undoubtedly. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SINGLETON. I want the bill read; and
unless the Clerk reads more distinctly than he
has commenced to do, I shall insist on its being
read over again.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
bill upon the table; and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GROW. That is not in order while the
bill is being read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I suppose it is use-
less to keep the House here to hear the bill read,
and I move that the reading be dispensed with.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The Clerk then proceeded, and finished the
reading of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I now; make the
motion that the whole subject be laid upon the
table; and call for the yeas and nays upon the mo-
tion.
Mr. SICKLES. That motion is not in order.
The Clerk had commenced the call of the roll,
and responses had been made before the reading
of the bill was called for.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
The Clerk will proceed ,jvith the call of the roll.
The Clerk continued, and finished the call of
the roll on the passage of the bill; and the vote
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 74;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson, Aveiv, Babbitt, Barr, Barret, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Botclcr, Bra>ton, Briggs, Bristow, Bin
finton, Burell. Burlijiyarne, Buinliam, Butterfield, Camp-
bell, Carter, Case, John B. Clark,Clark B.Cochrane, John
Cocluane, Colfax. Cotikling, Corwm, Covode, Cox, James
Ciaig, Curtis, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Eth-
eridge, Fcnton, Feriy, Florence, Foster, Frank, Conch,
Gtow,Gurley, Hale, Hamilton, Hehliick,IIindman, William
flowaid, Humphrey, Ilmchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoro, tjarrabee, Lee,
Loomis, Malloij, Chailes D. Martin, McClernand, Mc-
Kean, McKenty, Millwsrd, Montgomery, Moorhead, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Nelson, Porter, Quarlas, Uiec, Christopher
Robinson, Scott, Scranton, Sickles, Sp^uiHIn^, Stout,
Stratton, Tappan, Theater, Tompkins, Trimbfe,v'Mdever,
Verree, Wade, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Eilitou B. Wasil-
burne, Wilson, and Woodson—95. ....
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William C. Anderson, Barks-,
dale, Beale, Boeock, Branch, Carey, Horace F. "Clark,'
Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, Burton Craige, Carry, Jotm. G.
Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano,Edmundson, English,
Farnswortli, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Itordeman, J-Mor-
rison Harris, John T. Harris, Ilaskin, Hill,Hoard,
Houston, Jenkins, Jones, Landrum, DeWitt C. Lend), --
James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Elbert S. May-
nard, McPherson, Millson, Sydenham Moore, Morrill,
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Perry, Pettit, I'eyton, Phelps,
Potter, Reagan, Riggs,.Rust, Simms, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Steven-
son, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Vance, Waldron, Walton,
Webster;weiis,Whiteley, Windom, Winslow, ami Wright
—74.
So the bill was i
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STEVENSON stated that Mr. Browm
had paired with Mr. Graham. , , ■ f
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated thathe had
paired with Mr. Hall on this vote; otherwise,
he should vote " no." • * *
Mr. FRENCH announced that he had paired
with Mr. Crawford.
Mr. HATTON stated that he had paired with
Mr. Alley.
Mr. HUGHES said he had consented to pair
with Mr. MoKkight, who was detained from the
House by a severe domestic affliction.
Mr. TAPPAN stated that Mr. Marston waa
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. HINDMAN announced the pair of Messrs.
Pottle and Pryor.
Mr. REAGAN announced the pair of Messrs.
McRae, and Robinson of Illinois.
Mr. WHITELEY said that Mr. Ruffin was .
confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. DAWES stated'that Mr. Train and Mr.
kunkel had paired; otherwise Mr.Train would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BURNHAM stated that Mr. Woodruff
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr.'LANDRUM said that in ordinary times
he would have voted for this bill; but he deemed
this an improper time for this Government to
assume any obligations which it could possibly
avoid. He should therefore vote "no."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
Mr. CURTIS moved to amend the title of the
bill, so as to make it read as follows:
An act to secure contracts and make provision for the
safe, ceitain, and speedy transportation, by railroad, of the
mails, troops, munitions of war, and the military and naval
stores of the Government, between the Atlantic States and
the Pacific, and for other purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The title as amended was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS mftved to reconsider the vote by
which the title was adopted; and also moved to.
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a privileged question.
I submit,the following resolution:
Resolved. That when this House adjourns on to-morrow,
the 21st instant, it, with the consent of the Senate, adjourn
to meet on Monday, the 31st instant.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to the gentle-
man that I am informed that the Senate has just
voted down such a resolution.
Mr. LEAKE. That will not prevent their
agreeing to this resolution,which simply provides
for the adjournment of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am aware of that, but I
think the House had better follow the exaiffjile of
the Senate.
The resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bprxham
and Bricjgs were appointed. _
The question' was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes seventy-eight, a further
count not being demanded.
So the motion was adopted.
