172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
THE UNION.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred to
the select committee of thirty-three:
Resolved. That any adjustment of the pending difficul-
ties between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States
should provide for the effectual execution of the second
section of'the fourth article of the Constitution, by the en-
actment of such laws as will secure to the citizens of each
State protection 0 their persons while traveling or sojourn-
ing in the several States, except for acts which would not
be lawful if done by citizens of the State in which they are
eo traveling or sojourning.
And then, on motion of Mr. KUNKEL, (at ten
minutes after five o'clock,) the House adjourned
until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 21, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gdrley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in obedience to law, the annual state-
ment prepared by the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury, showing balances of appropriations
standing upon the books of that office to the credit
of that Department, on the 1st of July, 1859; the
amounts appropriated by Congress for the service
of the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1860, includ -
ing repayments and transfers of appropriations;
and the aggregate amounts applicable to the ser-
vice of that fiscal year; also, the amounts drawn
from those appropriations, or carried to the sur-
plus fund, from July 1, 1859, to the 30th of June,
I860, and the balances remaining in the Treasury
at the last named date; which was ordered to be
laid on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of the Lake
Pass Turnpike Company, of Placer county, Cali-
fornia, praying the right of way through the pub-
lic lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of William
WheclefHubbell, of Pennsylvania, praying pro-
tection of rights in slave property in South Car-
olina, and the adoption of measures suggested for
the peace and stability of the Union; which was
referred to the select committee of thirteen, ap-
pointed under the resolution of Mr. Powell,
which was adopted on the 18th instant.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented aletter
from the acting Secretary of the Interior to the
chairman of the Committee on Public lands, rec-
ommending an appropriation for clerk hire, office
rent, fucl,&c., for the land office at Kickapoo,
Kansas; which was referred, with the accompa-
nying papers, to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Peter
duinn, praying compensation,for a horse lost in
the public service under command of Major J. C.
Pcmlieiton, of the United States Army; which
was referred, with the accompanying papers, to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. KING presented the petition of H. T.
Bacon, owner of the Canadian or British schooner
Perseverance, praying for a register for that
schooner; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Wil-
liam L. S. Dearing, praying payment for furnish-
ing horses and equipage for a company of Ten-
nessee volunteers for the Florida war in 1837;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
■ Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Isaac,
Beeson, praying that immediate attention may be
given the report of the Indian Commissioner,
which affirms that, in consequence of the drought
last summer und the consequent failure of crops,
many of the Indians will perish by starvation
unless aided by the Government; and also pray-
ing that no more territorial governments may be
organized until the Indians are satisfactorily pro-
vided foi, with homes adapted to their transition
state; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent,
obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No. 624)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to the schooner Perseverance, of Ogdens-
burg, State of New York; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
M#. SLIDELL asked,.and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
525) to release from reservation for live-oak pur-
poses, and to authorize the sale of Pecan Island,
m the State of Louisiana; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 526) for the payment of expenses incurred
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the
State of California; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That the bill (II. R. No. 127) for the relief of
O. T. D. Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, reported upon adversely on the 8th
of June, I860, be recommitted to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. POWELL. Upon the announcement of
the committee of thirteen yesterday, the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] was excused from
serving on that committee, and I understand that
the Vice President thinks he has of himself no
power to fill the vacancy. I therefore move that
the Vice President be requested to fill the vacancy
caused by the excusing of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed a bill (S. No.
518) for the relief of William A. Linn's estate;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
Tile message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States approvpd and signed,
on the 17th instant, an act (H. R. No. 863) to
authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and for
other purposes.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
During the consideration of Senate bill No. 377,
a message from the House of Representatives, by
Mr.FoR ey,its Clerk, announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure con-
tracts, and make provision for the safe, certain,
and more, speedy transportation, by railroad, of
mails, troops, munitions of war, military, and
naval stores, between the Atlantic States and those
of the Pacific, and for other purposes, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator from Mary-
land will permit me to interrupt the proceeding on
his bill for a moment, to ask that the bill which
has just come from the House may be taken up
and made the special order for next Monday week
at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
iuck in the chair.) It can only be done by unan-
imous consent at the present stage of business.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. GWIN. I move now that the bill be made
the special order for next Monday week.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask whether the bill
should not first be referred to a committee, and
reported back to the Senate ?
Mr. GWIN, There is no standing committee
to which it can be referred. There have been
several special committees on the subject; and I
hope the Senate will permit the bill to be made
the special order for the day which I have indi-
cated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
not been read. It must first be read.
The bill was read the first time by its title: A
bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure contracts, and make
provision for the safe, certain, and mure speedy
tunsportation, by railroad, of mails, troops,muni-
tions of war, military and naval stores, between the
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for
other purposes.
Mr. BRAGG. J think that is a bill of too much
importance to be made a special order of this
body, and at aperiop of time so near at hand, par-
ticularly at this season of the year, when many
Senators are going home, without its being re-
ferred. I understand that the Senator from Mis-
sissippi made a motion to refer it. I was on ray
feet for the purpose of making the same motion.
I understand that the bill involves a very large
amount of expenditure on the part of the Gov-
ernment—something like $100,000,000 to begin
with. I have not had an opportunity to read the
bill myself, and I really think it ought to bo re-
ferred, either to some standing committee of the
body, or to a select committee. It is a matter of
too much importance to be hurried through this
body in this way.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
North Carolina that my object is not to hurry it
through the Senate. Being a House bill, it is
printed, as a matter of course. I named next
Monday week in order that there might be full
and ample time to examine it. It is well known
to the Senate that there are bills for this purpose
now on the Calendar of the Senate that have been
elaborately considered by select committees of
this body. Six select committees have been ap-.
pointed by the Senate, who have reported bills,
all of which are on our files. This bill has been
elaborated by a special committee of the other
House, and passed that body yesterday; and I
am sure no committee this House could appoint
could prepare the bill more elaborately and care-
fully than the bill I now propose to make the spe-
cial order has been prepared. There are many
similar bills already on the files of the Senate.
There will be ample opportunity offered for dis-
cussion; so far as I am concerned, I shall not in-
terpose any objection to the full consideration of
it. I hope Senators will not object to making it
the special order.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from-
California would name Tuesday week, instead
of Monday week.
Mr. FOOT and others. That is New Year's
day.
Mr. CAMERON. I had forgotten that. Say"
Wednesday week, so that we may have a full
Senate'.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to name Wednes-
day week. I hope Senators will not object to
that.
Mr. BRAGG. Which motion will have pre-
cedence—a motion to refer or a motion to make
the bill a special order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
refer.
Mr. BRAGG. With the view of testing the
sense of the Senate, I move that it be referred to
a special committee, to be appointed by the Pre-
siding Officer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
now have its second reading, unless objected to
with a view to reference.
The bill was read the second time by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from North Carolina indicate the number of
the committee he proposes to raise ?
Mr. BRAGG. Say five.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. I hope the friends
of the Pacific railroad will not refer it, but will
keep it before the Senate.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now I move that the/bill be
made thespecial order for next Wednesday week,
the 2d of January, at one o'clock. . f
The motion was agreed to. 1/
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
other memorials or reports from committees to
present, the Chair will announce, as first in order,
the bill (S. No. 112) to furthe r carry out the pro-
visions of tlio fifteenth section of the treaty be-
tween the United States and Mexico, concluded
on the 2d day of February, 1848.
Mr. KENNEDY. If there is nothing else be-
fore the Senate, 1 move to take up the bill which
was set for half past twelve o'clock to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill to authorize the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company to extend the "Washing-
ton branch of their road to the Potomac river,
and across the same by an extension of the pros-
