1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it appears on the face of the papers, and al! the
evidence in the case. There seems to have been
grounds for catling out these troops; and ail the
papers seem to be regular. We have just passed
a large similar claim for California, and 1 think it
an act of justice that we should agree to this.
Mr. PllARCE. is there any provision for
auditing the accounts?
Mr. BRAGG. My friend from Maryland asks
me if we have provided fora^iditing the accounts.
The committee in the House of Representatives
examined this case, and reduced the amount of
the claim. But for every company called out,
there is a pay-roll, the amount of pay opposite
each man's name, and receipted for, and every-
thing seems to be complete. The committee,
therefore, took the statements and the vouchers,
and reduced the pay, and made it accord to the
pay allowed to troops of the United States, and
thereby cut the claim down from $76,017 17 to the
amount the bill states—§53,512 20. If there is any-
thing in proof in relation to a claim of this lund,
it is ail there.
Mr. LANE. If there is any doubt about the
justice of this claim, I think satisfactory lnform-
tion can be had from th" reading of the report,
made by the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of the House of Representatives,
which accompanied the papers to the Senate.
["'Oh, no!"] It is short. I am satisfied myself,
after a careful examination, that the claim ought
to be paid.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Sjanton, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, in the House on March 23, I860:
a Thar they have had the ■-ame under eon^ideiation, and
find, trim; the papers submitted to the committee, that the
tenitonal auihoiitio-s of the Tciritoiy 01 Utah expended,
in hostilities with vanoii" Indian tubes on hoi binders, m
the vt a; the Mim ot S76,017 4!), for winch the tno<t
complete and satwactoiy vouchor are tmm&hed by the
accounting officers <>t the 'lerutory.
"The liability of the Federal Government, for uoce«=ary
expenses inclined by tin and Teiiiume*, 111 repel-
ling invasion1- or then Terntoiy hv a ioieigri enemy, 01 of
hostile tribes ot Indian:- within our bolder.-*, ha- btcti mj
often leeogmzed tnat it can no longei be con>idered au
open <,ue-uou.
The committee al-o believe that, the action of the State
and terutor,al authorities in calling our their nnlitaiy force
and engaging m ho^tJlmes fui rushed, at least, prima Jacie
evidence or the necessity for then action.
" As there is. no evidence hei'oic the committee tending
to show tnat these exp< n?e< weie iuMiece.-sinl> ineiuted,
the committee feel bound to leeogmze the liability of the
claim.
'c I3ut while the committee recognize the liability of the
claim, for reasonable and neces&aiy expense-, they do not
recognize the obligation of this Government to paj, lor
military pel vices or supplies, the prices and amounts pre-
scribed by the Stare o>. tentorial huvs and authoime=.
-The puces claimed, in f-onie uv-tance-j, ^eem to the
committee to be exoilntaut that they have con^ideirfd it
their duty lo adopt some pnnciple that would opexate
equally in all paits of the Confederate;.
'• And in doinsj bO. thev have resolved to allow to tioops
called into service by the territoinil authoniu:r> tne same
pay, lations, Sec , that sue allowed to the '•nine de.-eiipuon
of tioopa in the scivicc of the United States, in the ^-anie
locality. „TT .
'• Mounted troops weic allowed, by the Tciritoiy ot L tan,
the sum of' two dollars per day lor the men, and fifty cents
per day for a hois.e.
'•United States troops on the Pacific coast aie allowed
seventy tvvoand a haH'cont* per day (including twelve and
a hah cents lor clothing) l r a private s-o'diet ; and when
he fmm-dtcs his own hoise, foity cent* pei day loi the use
of lu-> hor-iC.
"Tin; commit'ee hnve tborel'oie compiled the pay and
allowances, ot oificeis and soidiei* accordtns So tne rates,
allowed to the United States ttoops <emim hihIid Pac.fic
coa-t m Ib'icJ, thuicbv lcducinn the claim 90
The supplier fuim-h"d bceni lo the committee to be rea-
sonable. both m quantitv ainl in price, and theicioiemake
no deduction tiom the amount c-l.i.un d.
u The committee Mieiofoie report .i bill making an ap-
ptoprution 01 jjpjo,.")!'} 20. bene* the exact aniouni ot t-aul
expendnmes afte< deducting limn the pay and allowances
ot the oflk i-ts and soldiers the >nul Mini oi £0 "
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to say in
regard to tins bill, that I will not make tiny oppo-
sition to it. i cannot do so to a bill I know noth-
in£ about. 1 do not think it will bo quite safe to
rely upon papers sent from such a distant Terri-
tory merely as vouchers; but there ought to be,
before we vote large sums of money, some sort
of examination by a public officer, who may be
cnubioci to make u more thorough examination of
the facts than 's afforded by the papers fui nished
from trie party interested. I consider it unsafe to
vote away money upon such sort of proof; and 1
deem it my duty to suggest that, to account for
my own action. I am happy to add, that I think
almost anybody can afford to vote with safety for
anything that may be recommended in that line t
by" the Senator from Noyth Carolina. He says I
he has examined it. There is no Senator that I
would be more willing to follow in relation to such
matters; and if i do vote for it, it will be upon his
authority entirely.
Mr. PEARCE. As the accounts of these ex-
penditures have not been audited at the Depart-
ment, it seems to me it is proper, if we are to pass
this bill, that that should be done; and 1 there-
fore submit this amendment:
Provided, That the accounting officer* of the Treasury
shall first have audited and allowed the accounts of the said
expenses.
The amendment can do no harm. They can-
not increase the amount; and may possibly find
some error in the accounts winch they will cor-
rect.
Mr. BRAGG. I have no sort of objection to
the amendment, except that it will necessarily re-
sult in the defeat of the bill at this session. The
bill will have to go back to the House of Repre-
sen tatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not necessarily
defeat it.
Mr. BRAGG. I think it will necessarily de-
feat it in the present state of business. I am very
much obliged to the Senator from Maine for what
he says in relation to myself. I can only say in
regard to these papers that I examined them care-
fully; they were carefully examined in the House
of Representatives; they were carefully compared,
and every item in the vouchers examined; and if
the claim is referred to the Department, 1 do not
see that they can do any more. We have had
some expeiience m passing on accounts there;
and I think a committee here that has examined
the subject can be trusted as well as the Depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not necessarily lim-
ited to a mere examination of the papers 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour has
arri\ed foi the consideration of the special order.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope we shall have a vote on
this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the amendment is
adopted, I will h-nhe bill pass without objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the Chair will put the question on the
pending amendment.
The amendment was rejected
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MKSSAUE FUOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 777) for the relief
of William Haynie, administrator of Ann Hny-
nie; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message announced that the Speaker had
signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 345) for the relief
of Mary Waibach, widow of the lale Brevet Brig-
adier Geueial John D<i B. Waibach, of the United
States Army; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President.
CONFIRMATION OF A LAND TITLE.
Mr. DOQGLJYS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to puss a bill confirming a land
title. It is House bill No. 975, for the confirma-
tion of the title to the Saline Lands in Jackson
county, Stale of Illinois, to D. II. Biush and
others. There is no dispute about the facts, and
it will take but an instant. I have been trying for
a long time to get the floor, in order to make the
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is to be no de-
bate, I will not object.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there should be any de-
bate on it I will not press it.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the bill read
before I waive my nght to make an objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 can state the point of it
quickei than you can read the bill. By the ordi-
nance between Illinois and this Government, the
salt springs were to be reserved for the leriHo-
ries and n~ >w States. The right to lease them was
given to the State originally. In 1847, Congress
passed an act to authorize Illinois to sell them.
In 1849, they were sold; and the persons named
in this bill were the purchasers. By au omission
in tho record, it -appears that they "are liable to
entry here now, although IHinotfTsold them in
1849, and the parties have held them ever since.
It is merely to confirm the titles, -There is no
dispute about the facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. WMt stage
does the Senator understand the bill to be in now ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is a bill from the Hctuse
of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Journal
of the Secretary shows the bill yet to be before
the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was not aware of it. If
it is, I will waive it for the present. I did not
know that fact. . ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is still be-
fore the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then J waive the motion.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
what is the special order for one o'clock?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the joint resolution (S. No. 54) propos-
ing certain amendments to the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire whether
the bill we had under consideration yesterday is
not the unfinished business, and takes precedence
of that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The u niinished
business of yesterday has precedence.
Mr. FESSENDEN Then I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of that unfinished
business, which is the appropriation bill.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
895) making appropriation for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1869; the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Grimes, reported from
tho Committee on Naval Affairs, to add:
For tho construction ot as-ewcr in Brooklyn. New York,
upon Flush m-i avenue, adjmmnsthe piopeity ot the United
Staler-, to Vanderbslt avnue, theoc; through tho United
States gionnds to the Wall about wato, $60,000 • Ptovidcd.
That the city or Ihook'yn shall pay one half the cost of th*
same on Flushing avenue.
Mr. GRIMES, I ask leave of the Senate to
withdraw the amendment which I submitted, and
to substitute, in lieu of it, what I now send to the
Chair, in substance the same, but in different
phraseology. This amendment has been drawn
by the Chief of tho Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair,) The Senator has the right to mod-
ify the amendment offered by him. The Secre-
tary will read as it now stanSs.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For the reappiopriation of $60,000, which sum was ap-
piupiiated on the 3d of Maieh, 1857, ond reverted to the
-ui pltw fund of the Tieasuiy.to constiuct asewei on Plumb-
ing avenue, ISiooklyn, New Yoik, in continuation of that
now conducted, to micIi point on said avenue a>- shall 1)«
determined by the Navy .Department, thence thr >u«h the
United States ground-'. m through Yanderhdt avenue* as
•shall he decided bv fctud Department, to the wateis ot" th©
\Y allabout • PiouJcl. The < itv o;' Bu>i kl> n will asree to
pay nm> half ot the expense of said t>ewer ou Flushing
avenue.
Mr. GRIMES. I have before me f> map of the
Brooklyn navy-yard,fuimshed by the Navy De-
partment, lor the information of those who desire
to examine it. I discover, on fuither mvesttga-
,, tion, that the original proposition for the construc-
!> tion of tins sewer did nor come from the city o^
j1 Brooklyn, or from the citt^ns of that city, but
came from the Bureau of Yards and Docks. It
} I was cons i deml by the Navy Department in 1856
i! and 1857 that such a sewer was necessary, not
only for the citizens of Brooklyn, but for the pres-
ervation of our own property, and for the pro-
motion of the health of our. officers stationed there.
I hold in tny hand the letter of the chief of the
Bureau of Yuids and Docks, addressed to Mr
Dobbin, as Secretary of the Navy, on the 8th of
January, 1857, in which Commodore Smith says)
RnUEAU OF Y4RDS AND DOCKS,
January B. 1837.
Sir: After consultation with engineers and other* tn
relation to the eewci tlnoush the ground* of the New Ymk
navv-yard, I have come to the conclu-ion that it wilUie !>:j-«t
to construct a new sewei upon Flushing avenue to V an^ev-
bilt avenue, thence through the United States g{oi nd-> to the
Wallabout water.
The city of Brooklyn will, it is presumed, pay half of the
expense so far as the work shall ho constructed on the av-
