I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If#
to limit them, as you would do by a pile bridge,
from widening that existing causeway, when that
causeway will be required to be used for a high-
way, and limiting tnem to piles—a destructible
material; or to prevent them from making a cause-
way, if necessary, on the Virginia side—I do not
know how that would be—would be really prom-
ising the right of way across there in form, and
denying it in fact. 1 can see no proper reason in
limiting this privilege in any other way than it is
limited by the bill—that it shall keep open navi-
gation. That is provided for in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ate is disposed to place in the power of this com-
pany the control of that river, so far as it may be
necessary for them to have the control of it, in
order to effect their purpose in their own way,
very well. All the argument of the honorable
Senator from Virginia is then applicable. I do
not know but it is so. But, sir, my experience
has taught me tliat it is very unsafe to legislate in
this way, namely: to pass a bill which gives power
to a company to a very great extent, and then
take the words of Senators and their own as to
what they mean to do with that power after they
get it, or that they do not mean to use it. I shall
explain to the Senate, by and by, that in this
very case of the Baltimore and Ohio road is an
instance of the danger of giving power and taking
the declarations of the officers of the company as
to how they mean to use that power after thej^
get it.
Now, sir, I do not say that it is not all right
that they should have precisely the power that is
granted by the words of this bill, to which I have
adverted,.in order to effect theirpurpose; butmy
idea is this: if they meant to guard the river, and
did not intend to have complete control over it, so
far as the nature of their structure was concerned,
they would have put the proper language in the
bill describing to whatextentthey wished to make
this bridge solid, and upon \rtu\t part of it they
would.be content with the structure upon piles
alone; which, undoubtedly, is adequate to the pur-
pose, for it is used everywhere in rivers as well as
■ other places.
Now, all I have to say to the Senate is this: I
have been utterly opposed to precluding the idea
that that is to bo an open river at some time or
other. I have been overruled by the Senate in
that view several times, although sometimes that
view has been sustained; but not oflate.^ If, there-
fore, the Senate choose to adhere to the idea which
it has held heretofore with reference to it—that a
bridge was toexist there, and that it might as well
be a solid structure, and that all the interests of
Georgetown which might be involved in it are to
be considered as nothing—then it is very well to
pass this bill in its present language. But if they
intend to keep that an open question, and not to
part with the power which Congress has over the
river at that point, then they must sti ike out these
words; for nobody can help seeing that if you say
they may ercct such a bridge as is suitable, leav-
ing it to them to decide what it is, the whole power
is gone from Congress with reference to that mat-
ter^ and they may do anything with the river and
its channel, provided they leave a draw there, that
they please to do. Senators will see that it is a
very great power to put into the hands of a com-
pany of this description. Experience has shown
me with reference to these companies, that, how-
ever well they may be officered, when they once
get-a power under a charter, the interest:^ of the
public stand very little in the way of their own
individual and corporate interests; and therefore
my view is always to restrict them in the begin-
ning, and never to grant power which is subject
to their own construction, and which we have no
control over.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, when this
application was made by the Baltimore company,
they took into consideration their interest in this
lono- line of road. They found themselves with
a break occurring at the branch of a lateral road
comin°- to this place, of some seven or eight miles.
They have but forty miles in the entire chain of
roads from New York to New Orleans. They
have expended $1,600,000 in making their branch
from here to Baltimore, and they have been very
unjustly dealt with by the State of Maryland.
The State of Maryland has imposed a tax upon
this road of one fifth of its gross receipts. In a
spirit, of accommodation they are willing to build
this road in order to fill up this broken link which
has been so long demanded by the public interest.
They are ready to come forward and build it,
provided itdoes not take too much of their means.
They have already expended vast sums of money
in completing their connections with the far West.
Finding "that this break exists here, and that no
other companies have come forward to fill it up,
or have been able to do so, they are willing to
undertake it. Their interest is a very small one
in comparison with the roads further south, and
further north. This break operates as a bar, not
only to travel, but to transportation, over this
road between New York and New Orleans; and
they are now willing, provided the expense of
building this connection is not too great, to fill
up this broken gap.
Some three or four years ago there was a report
made, in obedience to a resolution of Congress,
respecting the construction of a new and substan-
tial bridge across the Potomac. It has always
been regarded that the Government was bound
to keep up a permanent bridge for the travel be-
tween this city and Alexandria. In 1808acharter
was given to a bridge company, who, after they
had completed their bridge, formed connections
with various turnpike roads,-making new inter-
ests, extending into different parts of Virginia.
In 1832 this bridge company was bought out by
the Government of the United States. Two hun-
dred thousand dollars were paid for it, upon the
express condition on the part of the Government
that it should keep up a good and sufficient bridge
there permanently. The people of Georgetown,
at the same time, made application to Congress
for $150,000, in consideration of what they claimed
to be the damage done to them by making this a
permanent bridge. They asked, in a memorial
which I have here before me, this appropriation
of §150,000 to improve their harbor, and to make
a bridge across the Little Falls, leading into the
upper part of Fairfax and Loudoun counties, in
Virginia, and a free road to that point. That
sum of$150,000 was given to them by Congress
upon the same day that the $200,000 was appro-
priated to build a good and sufficient and perma-
nent bridge here. The Georgetown people have
in this way been paid for any supposed damage
that they laid claim to by the building of this
bridge. In the memorial in which they made
that application, they state distinctly that they
have lost their trade, not by obstructions in that
river at all, but by the fact of other railroad com-
munications being made into that portion of Vir-
ginia from whence Georgetown drew her supplies,
and to which she furnished supplies in return;
that the Baltimore and Ohio railroad running into
the valley of Virginia at the town of Winchester,
in Frederick county, there tapped the valley coun-
ties of Virginia, with their large amount of prod-
uce, which, prior to the construction of this road,
was all brought to Georgetown; from which, in
return, they obtained supplies by the wagons that
brought the grain and produce from thatsection.
It is clearly stated in their memorial thatthe trade
of that vast valley has been carried down to Bal-
timore on this line of railroad; but since then,
Alexandria, which was also a sufferer, has run
her line into the valley of Virginia; and Alexan-
dria is now receiving a large amount of the prod-
uce brought by these roads out of the upper part
of the valley of Virginia, and supplies, in great
part, the wants of the city of Washington over
the road to the Long Bridge. I forget now the
amount of travel, the number of cattle, the num-
ber of wagons, &c., passing over it last year; but
it was some very large amour-*
Georgetown has been seeking to prevent this
connection with the hope that, some day or other,
this bridge will be taken away, and she thereby
get clear of a troublesome rival—Alexandia~~for
this market; because, if the produce that goes into
Alexandria, and that is now brought from there
over this free bridge into the city of Washington,
shall be excluded, Georgetown will have a great
advantage. She has her free bridge running over
the Little Falls with a road into the counties of
Fairfax and Loudoun, connecting with the L°u"
doun and Hampshire railroad; she has afree road
connecting with that bridge; and I may say here
that she got §5,000 last year from this very Con-
gress upon what she demanded as a right, as
money advanced by her to build that bridge upon
the appropriation of the §150,000 granted in 183~.
Without going further into th t question\ I
come back to the question now before us, and
that is, simply as to granting; the right Of way
acrosthis bridge to connect with'the great system
of railroads loading to the Southwest. An order
was made, in 1857, to the topographical corps to
survey the different routes, and report in favor, of
a permanent structure. Mr. Rivesj who was the
engineer deputed for the service, reported? ;
" An elevation of a cast-iron arch bridge accompanies '
this report S ueh a structure would be handsome and dura-
ble, although its expense would be little inferior to that of
the stone arch bridge, which is greatly superior in dura- -
bility and bfeauty.
" ft has occurred to me that boiler-plate girders, resting
on pncumatic cast-iron cylinders, would form a sufestaatat
and economical bridge, presenting^however, no attractions
in an architectural point of view."
I believe my friend from Florida asked what
would be the cost of a bridge of pneumatic eyU
inders.
"An additional cylinder, terminating in an inclined plane,
would probably form an effectual protection against the ices
The estimated cost of such a bridge would be about nine
hundred thousand dollars."
Now, sir, the whole cost of the connection con-
templated by this company now does not exceed,
including the tunnel Under the public grounds and
all, over $250,000. Therefore it is not contem-
plated to make an expensive permanent structure.
Nine hundred thousand dollars is the cost of a
bridge upon the plan suggested in this report.
Mr. Rives'goes on to say, in accordance with his
instructions and orders:
"With regaid to railroad connection, the Long Bridge
site presents every desirable facility. A connection with
tile Baltimore and Washington depot was thoroughly ex-
amined- and most favorable results obtained. Tile proposed
route would be from the bridge along Maryland avenue to
south C street, thence direct to within a short distance of
the canal, at which point commences a curve of one thou-
sand feet radius, leading to a tunnel entrance at south B
street," &c.
Showing that this connection is better adapted
for the transportation of the mails, affordsgreater
facilities, and is altogether a mare eligible site,
and can be made forless money than any other. In
conformity with this view laid down by Mr. Rives,
the topographical engineer, the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company have made an examination
and an estimate for this proposed structure, and
their estimate for the whole work does notexceed
$250,000. It is therefore evident that they do not
contemplate (what the honorable Senator sup-
poses might be their object) making a permanent
structure to the injury of Georgetown hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will tire Senator allow
me to ask him a question. I have listened to what
he has said, and! wish to ask him whether, if we
pass this bill, they cannot vary from their esti-
mates, vary from their plans, throw them all aside,
adopt other plans, and do just as they please with
reference to the river?
Mr. KENNEDY. I am not disposed to argue
this point much further. I am perfectly willing
to let the Senator amend the bill in this respect to
suit himself. If he thinks the word " suitable "
is too vague and not specific enough, I am per-
fectly willing to amend the clause, so as to make
itread " bymeansof apile or other suitable struc-
ture to be approved by the President of the Uni-
ted States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. KENNEDY. How will you have it.'
Strike out the words altogether, if you please,
and confine them to a pile structure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my proposition.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am perfectly willing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then let us reject the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment which has been
reconsidered.
The question wasput; and the amendment was
declared agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the bill
by adding to the first section 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine understand that the first amend-
ment reported by the committee was agreed to}
From the conversation between theSenatorfrom
Maryland and the Senator from Maine, the Chan-
supposed that there was an implied understand-
ing that it should be rejected. "
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it to be
rejected,
