THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1861.
New Series No. 72.
the Department having examined the papers and
vouchers; but so far from carrying out this act in
the spirit in which it seems to have been enacted,
■ nothing of the kind has been done. No general
reports have been made here from the Department
making any estimates as to what ought to be
allowed. Finding that a number of these bills
had been brought forwaid, and I may say the
amendment now offered is a substitute reported
from the committee for a bill in relation to a land
office in the State of Oregon; I say, finding that
a number of these bills were coming here, from
time to time, and persons were asking relief, the
committee concluded that some general legislation
on the subject was better; and we sent to the
Department to obtain tliese estimates as to what
would be necessary, in the first place, to discharge
what the Government owed, or probably owed
under the seventh section of the act which I have
just read; and also the amount it would take to
carry on this system hereafter in the way that
seemed to be recognized by that same seventh
section. This amendment, therefore, or substi-
tute rather, fora bill, because it was reported here
originally as a substitute for a bill applying to
one particular land office alone, is based on these
estimates of sixty odd thousand dollars now due.
TheDepartment madean estimate,and puts down
in this estimate all the claims of the different land
offices, so far as it had any information on the
subject; and also an estimate, in anoiher part of
the amendment, as to what it would take to cover
the expenses in that respect up to the year 1862,
or during the fiscal year 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And made it §100,000.
Mr. BRAGG. Yes,sir; thoseare the estimates
from the Department. They were well considered.
Each separate case is considered by itself, and
estimated for. The committee determined, there-
fore, to report that bill as a substitute for the bill
providing for a single register's office in the State
of Oregon. Finding that there was not time for
any general legislation, and believing that some-
thing of the kind was necessary in order to relieve
the Department and to relieve Congress, (for there
are a great many cases of the kind presented from
time to time, and taking up a great deal of time,)
they concluded to frame a general law. That bill
is in accordance with the suggestion fiom the
Department; and I now offer it by instruction of
the committee, as an amendment to this appropri-
ation bill.
I do not think it liable to the objection sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Maine. I
do not think it is a private claim. It is a matter of
public concern. This money, it is true, is due for
services rendered, but services rendered under a
public act; and the whole matter is one of a pub-
lic nature. It is true, private bills have been
presented here, and claims have been sent up,
arising under this same seventh section which I
* have read; but certainly this is not a private claim
now presented, but is an amendment, general in
its character. It is brought forward on account
of the recommendations made by the Department
to relieve the Department and to relieve Congress.
I think,at the same time, it will save trouble and
save expense. We waste a great deal of time,
or rather a great deal time is consumed, in the
consideration of these cases. There are a number
of them before us; therefore it was deemed better,
in the opinion of the committee, to submit this
whole matter as an amendment to this bill, and
let the law become general. As the matter now
stands under this seventh section, the Secretary
of the Interior is to consider each one of these
claims; he is to allow none of them; but is to re-
port the whole matter to Congress. 1 need hardly
say to my friend from Maine, that such reports
never amount to anything here. If the Secretary
is to examine them, and then report them here,
and the claim is to take the chance of getting
through, we all know what will be the result.
After a great deal of time wasted upon the sub-
ject, we shall have them year after year, session
after session, and nothing will be done.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator probably is not
72
aware that within the last ten days we have re-
pealed this very section of the act of August,
1856, of which he speaks. There came before
the Committee on Finance, on the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial appropriation bill, an item of
some $12,000 for extraordinary expenditures of
the Kickapoo land office in Kansas, and we found
that among those extraordinary expenses allowed
were claims for office rent and fuel, which we did
not consider to be extraordinary expenses at all,
but ordinary, and necessarily incidental, and
which had always theretofore been defrayed out
of the pockets of the officers in question. We
found, or thought we found, that there was noth-
ing more liable to abuse than this. It is true, it
was the only case presented to that committee;
but we had leason to believe that, if it had not
been followed, it would be in a great many other
cases, as now appears to be the fact. We saw
that there were inducements to the registers and
receivers to employ clerical force not absolutely
necessary, and, m fact, we found that relatives of
the parties were put in as clerks. We thought,
therefore, that we had better repeal that law; and
we did immediately introduce an amendment into
that bill which repealed that section of the act,
and it was discussed, not at length it is true, but
I explained it sufficiently for anybody who lis-
tened to understand. These amendments—for
there are several sections—contemplate the con-
tinuance of that law. I hope the Senate are not
going to undo what they did two weeks ago. It
makes provision for demands of this sort arising
in the future for the remainder of the current and
the next fiscal year. We have abolished it for
the next fiscal year, and there can be no such al-
lowance, and there ought to be no such allowance,
except on special consideration of individual cases;
for if you make a general law for extraordinary
expenses, you will find in the space of one or two
years they become ordinary expenses, and the
Treasury will be charged, as they are liable now
to be charged it seems, for $100,000. I under-
stood from the Commissioner of the Land Office,
of whom I inquired about this matter, that that
Department never recommended this clause in the
act of 1856. I told him I thought it ought to be
repealed; and he said he thought so too That
intimation 1 communicated to the commiLtee, and
also to the Senate when we passed the provision
in the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine insist on his point of order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
then, in pursuance of the practice of occupants of
the chair hoietofore, will present this question to
the Senate. The first question then is, " Shall
this amendment bo received as in order under the
rule?" That is the question now before the
Senate.
Mr. POLK. I should like to hear the first part
of the amendment read. I want to know to whom
this money is to go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is to go to a great
variety of persons; but it seems the law has been
repealed, so that there is nothing in the world to
take it out of the opeiation of the rule.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Maryland
meets one blanch of the question, the future ac-
tion of these officers, but not the past, and this
provision was general in its character while the
law was in existence. He may be right enough
in reference to future action, owing to the repeal
of the law a few days since; but he is not right
in reference to the past action of these officers,
when the law was in existence. These expenses
have already accrued, and are justly due. One
branch of the amendment, which relates to appro-
priations in the future, is liable to his objection;
but ho is not correct as to past action.
Mr. PEARCE. As regards the past, I have
this to say: the act of lb56 authorized these ac-
counts to be allowed conditionally only, and sub-
ject to the approval of Congress. The meaning
of that act was that such accounts should be pre-
sented to Congress, understood by them,-and ap-
proved by them understandingly; notappiroved in
a lump, in this way. There ought to be a special
statement of all these claims offered to Congress;
and Congress ought never, in my judgment, to '
appropriate a dollar for them until that special
statementis made, and they are fully satisfied that
they are right and proper.
Mr. GREEN. It would be more satisfactory
for the accounting officers of the Treasury to
make that allowance than for Congress to under-
take to do it; and I think, therefore,as wise legis-
lators, we, had better make the appropriation.
The law authorizes the employment, and in doing
that it saved money to the Government, as I
could demonstrate easily, and as the Senator from
Iowa well did the other day in our conference, when
he said, by the employment of additional clerks
you enter up in a few days more land than you
would in a whole year without those clerks, and
the Government absolutely saves the expense of
registers and receivers by the employment of
these clerks. Whenever they have done it under
the inducement held out by the law of 1856, I
think they ought to be paid. If you repeal that
law, and make no appropriation m the future, I
have not a word to say against it; but when that
law was in force, and they did, in fact, employ
these clerks, I would rather trust the settlement
of the accounts at the Treasury, under the super-
vision of competent officers, than bring them be-
fore Congress.
Again: I think the Senator from Maryland is
a little at fault in another respect, when he says
these are not extraordinary expenses of the of-
fices. In many cases they are not; in many cases
they are. I kiiow that at Fort Scott, in Kansas,
the land officers were compelled to buy a house be-
fore they could get one, and when they have done
with it, it is a total loss. Now, I think equitable
consideration ought to be bestowed upon all such
cases, and I think the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury are better prepared to pass on
them than we could be. They never involve
large amounts, $1,500, $700, $500. They are all
small amounts. Now, in the case the Senator
speaks of, the other day, they cut down from the
office rent, but allowed the clerk hire. It was
presented for about thirteen thousand dollars, and
they allowed hut $11,000. Here is the sanction
of Congress to expenditures arising under this
identical law. Why not make an appropriation
that will meet any other case that will spring up
in Minnesota, Iowa, and other States. I think
it will be a saving of time to Congress, and ulti-
mately gives a better scrutiny into the accounts
than we can give to them here.
Mr. CLARK; The case to which the Senator
from Missouri alludes, was a very peculiar one.
It was a case where the office applied to the
Department of the Interior beforehand, to learn
if they would justify them in employing addi-
tional clerk hire; and the Department answered
they would, and did recommend an appropriation
to pay for it; there were peculiar necessities for
it; and then, upon that statement of facts, it came
before Congress, under the law, for the approve-
ment of Congress; and it seemed that we could
not well refuse to approve where it was shown
beforehand that the force was necessary, and the
Department had ordered it, and said tlicy would
recommend the appropriation. We could hardly
refuse to pay that. But this, as I understand it,
undertakes to transfer from Congress to the De-
partment the adjudication of these matters, and
the approval of these claims. I very much pre-
fer that we should keep the approval here, and
when a party shows that he has applied to the De-
partment for leave to have additional force, or
shown a reason for an additional force, then we
might approve it; but not pass this general law,
by which thousands of dollars may be taken from
the Treasury without Congressknowingany thing
about it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I think
this amendment provides for giving away this
amount of money to a class of men who>.for the
