178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
can very well accept that amendment, because it
will destroy really one of the great features of this
wholcplan. Theobjectistorununderthegrounds
of the Capitol, away on the further side of the
public square, entirely out of sight, with their
steam engines. The very objcct m going under
Capitol hill by a tunnel is to have the use of steam;
so that they can have an unbroken chain from
here all the way through. They can run the same
cars and the same engines. If they are to be de-
prived of the use of steam inside of the town, they
may as well use the ordinary horse road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My answer to that is,
that it must be under the control of somebody.
They do not go through this city all the way in
the tunnel. It is only for a very short distance,
commencing at the back of the Capitol. They
come oat in the marsh below, and they then pass
through the main streets of the city. As the bill
now stands,they mnygo as theyplease with ref-
erence to that matter. Of course, the city author-
ities would not interfere to prevent it, unless it
was dangerous to themselves. It simply imposes
the condition upon them that they shall be sub-
ject to such restriction as may be imposed by the
city authorities in reference to the use of steam
power. It is in all the charters within my knowl-
edge where a railroad company is authorized to
use steam passing through a city. How is it in
the city of Baltimore ? They do not allow them
to go through at all.
Mr. KENNEDY. Oh, yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not do it; that
is to say, from depot to depot
Mr. KENNEDY. The steam cars come into
the city at night, and go through when the main
travel is olF. They do not in connecting with
Philadelphia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not do it in the
day time.
Mr.ICENNEDY. I would prefer itifthcamend-
mcnt were altered, so as that it should be made
subject to such regulation as Congress shall de-
termine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, Congress cannot man-
age such matters. The city authorities are the
proper persons to do it.
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, sir, let us make a
provision regulating their rate of speed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That ia covered by the
phrase, " upon such terms and conditions."
Mr. KENNEDY. I think the amendment in-
cludes rather more than the Senator states. It
would give power to the city to exclude the use
of steam entirely. I would rather have a vote on
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr.ICENNEDY. 1 am perfectly willing to
agree to it, if the gentleman will name such rates
of speed as shall be agreed upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 cannot do that, sir.
Mr. KENNEDY. Then 1 cannot accept the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not got through
with my amendments. 1 want to make this bill
somewhat decent, or at any rate to do my duty
by it. 1 move to strike out the third section giv-
ing them power to build a horse-railroad within
the limits of the city to other points.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
proposed to be striken out will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Sec. 3. And be itJ'ujther enacted, Tliat power and au-
thority arc hereby given to said company to lay attack, and
to use tlie same for the transportation of passengers and
freight, fiom some suitable point on the route hereby au-
thorised to be euended to tide-water, between the said
Lontj Bridge and the Navy-yard, f.o as to be connected with
southern lines of steamboats plying on the Potomac rivet."
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust the Senate will not
strike out that provision. It is to accommodate
another section of the country entirely. That
road is to go down and connect by the arsenal
with the steamboats that run to Richmond and the
lower route still, entirely of? this line. It is for
the lower routes, through the lower part of Vir-
ginia and North Carolina.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be the object;
but it is not fully defined.
Mr. KENNEDY. I cannot conceive what
possible harm or what possible objection can be
urged to that provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty arises from
the want of sufficient definitivenessin the section.
Mr. MASON. If this amendment prevails# it
would be giving advantages to one of these con-
tinuous routes leading to the South over another.
There is a continuous railroad now from the town
of Alexandria to Memphis, in Tennessee, and be-
yond that point. The bill authorizes the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad- Company to build a
bridge across the river to connect with that rail-
road. That will be a very important privilege to
this southern railroad. Ihen there is a very im-
portant route which connects at Washington city
by steamboats plying from the city of Washing-
ton to Aquia crcek, in Virginia, where it meets a
railroad, and passes south, through Richmond,
North Carolina, &c. This section which the
Senator proposes to strike out, is to enable that
line to connect directly at Washington by means
of the railroad provided for in the section; and if
it is stricken our, it will give very great advant-
ages to the one route over the other on this sub-
ject, which, 1 suppose, ought not to be done.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I move in the fourth
section, after the word time/' in the sixth line,
to insert the words not exceeding one year from
the passage of this act." It will be observed that,
until this tunnel is completed, we arc in the power
of this railroad company to carry passengers and
freight across here in front of the Capitol, or any
other direction they choose to go; and I think
there should be some limitation of time, because,
if thefc is not, they may take their own time, and
never build the tunnel at all.
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust that the amendment
will not prevail; for it must be apparent to every
gentleman that you cannot make a tunnel of the
length of this one in one year. I do not know
what time they will take; but I want to give them
time enough to do it. Their object will bo to get
it done at as early a day as they possibly can,
after the work lias been commenced. It depends
entirely on what sort of material they have got
to encounter. If they do not lind rock, they may
do it in the course, perhaps, of eighteen months,
or two years; but I should not like to say less
than two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire that they may
have reasonable time. It is not my intention to
limit them to any time in which they are to do it,
but to have it done in a reasonable time. If one
year is not enough, take a longer time; but cer-
tainly I think it ought to be done in one year.
Mr. KENNEDY. Say two or three years. I
do not believe myself that they can do it in two
years.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the parties
desired five years. I maybe mistaken in that. I
will suggest to the Senator from Maryland to call
it three years.
Mr. KENNEDY. I accept that suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine accept the amendment to the
amendment, to insert three years instead of one?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am willing to accept
an amendment to insert two yeais. I do not see
why it should take three years to make a tunnel :
here going through this hill, where there is no
rock excavation at all,but merely to dig through
the hill; and if this great Baltimore and Ohio road,
to make a tunnel for that little distance, require
more than two years, they will never do it at all.
It is idle to talk aboutthere not being time enough
to do it in two yeais, if they intend to do it at
all. I will accept two years. That certainly must
be ample.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified; to insert two
years instead of one.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insertafter the
words "the same," in the fifth line of the fourth
section, the words, " by horse power." Other-#
wise wo shall have the engines running here for
the next two years in front of the Capitol.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to. J
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert the fol- 1
lowing as an additional section at the end of the :
bill:
Sec 7. And be it further enacted, That said company !
shall be responsible to the United States, to the city of
Washington, and to individuals and corporations, for all
damages occasioned by any exercise of the poweis grimted
by this act. whether the same be direct or consequential, to
be recovered before any court of competent jurisdiction in
the District of Columbia in an action of trespass on me
case.
Mr. KENNEDY. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have one more amend-
ment, Mr. President. It is to insert, as a new
section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That this act may be
repealed, and all the privileges hereby granted may be an-
nulled or modified, limned or restrained, at the pleasure
of Congress.
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why,Mr President,we
have a great many railroads in our State, and in
Massachusetts and Vermont, and the different
States of New England, and that provision is in
every charter. They deem it necessary to retain
control over the subject, and not put these great
powers entirely in the hands of a corporation.
No evil whatever has followed; and unless you
mean to put the city of Washington and Congress
under the control of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road corporation, you will retain that power. It
ought to be retained in all cases where we grant
privileges of this description.
Mr. MASON. I am aware that in all acts of
incorporation there is a right reserved to the legis-
lative power to modify, but I am not aware that
they reserve a right to repeal or to annul.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Always.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " repealed," so as
to leave it that Congress may modify it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have only one word in
addition, Mr. President, and that is this: expe-
rience proved some years ago, when it used to be
customary to grant these charters, and these large
powers were given to corporations, that the pub-
lic suffered very great detriment from them, from
the fact that the Legislature had parted with all
its power on the doctrine of vested rights; but the
modern Democratic doctrine for the last twenty
years in all these cases has been, in granting
power, to retain absolute control over it, in order
to see that the powers granted were properly ex-
ercised, and retain the power to enforce it. That
has been Democracy. Now, if Senators do not
choose to come up to what has been the practice
almost invariably, to retain entire power over
these charters, so be it. I wish to give them a
chance to act upon it.
Mr. MASON. The beneficial power is reserved
when vou reserve the right to modify or to con-
trol. 'The power to repeal is to destroy; and I
should rather question whether wc can safely
receivc Democratic doctrine expounded from that
quarter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia to
the amendment will be read.
The Secretary read it: to strike out the words
" lepealed, and all the privileges hereby granted
may be annulled or;" so that it will read:
And be it farther enacted, That this act may be modified,
limited, or restrained, at the pleasure of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
ia on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not bo ex-
actly an expression that we should be proud of.
I should like to have it more precise, in the terms
of my drafting. I suppose the Senator means,
undoubtedly, to retain the words, " that the priv-
ileges hereby conferred by this act may be mod-
ified, restricted,"&c. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and would rather have it in broad terms;
but, if it be made, let us have it in proper lan-
guage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will so frame the amendment to the amendment,
if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment: to strike
out the words " that this act may be repealed,
and all the privileges hereby granted may be an-
nulled or;" and insert the words if that the priv-
ileges hereby granted may be;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
And be it further enacted, That the privileges hereby
granted may be modified, limited, or restrained, at the pleas-
ure of Congi ess.
