1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
last four years, have swindled more than any
other class of public officers in the Government.
Any man who knows anything about the pro-
ceedings of land officers, and of these offices situ-
ated in the West, knows that every dollar of this
appropriation would be used, in almost every in-
stance, unworthily. Why, sir, these land officers,
throughout the United States, since land specula-
tion lias swept over the western country, have
been engaged in a system of swindling by which
they have imposed upon the honest settlers of the
West to an enormous extent. They have em-
ployed clerks in their offices; and where they were
not entitled, in cases of preemption, for insfance,
to more than two dollars, they have refused to
receive the clerical statements unless they were
drawn up by their clerks, for which they charged
and received about five dollars over and above
what the law allowed, in almost every case. I
have known cases where they have charged
twenty dollars, and the law only allowed them
two dollars, and they have charged it through the
action of the men they had employed as their
clerks. I think I should do a very great wrong,
after these men have been extorting from the
public in the way I have mentioned, if I should
vote for such an appropriation as this. I appre-
hend the Senator from Missouri and the Senator
from Iowa know how these things have been done.
These officers, as a general thing, have been ex-
torting from three to five dollars in almost every
case, contrary to law, from the people who have
gone there to preempt theiriands; and the amount
which tlieyliavenotreturnedherehas been enorm-
ous. Now, sir, if you vote this sidditional sum,
they will come in in every case and prove that it
is necessary this service should be rendered. 1
am somewhat astonished that the Senator from
North Carolina, who generally guards the Treas-
ury so closely, should introduce a proposition of
this kind, and I can only account for it by believ-
ing that he cannot be acquainted with the way
things are carried on in the West.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the Senate will receivc thi's amend-
ment as in order under the rule.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
receive the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the
following amendment as an additional section to
the bill:
Jlnd be it further cnnctcd^ That the <=11111 of £'12,000, de-
posited by Fntnklm Haven and his associates with the
Post Ofliee Department, returned us indemnity for eontm
uance of the IJos-ton po-t ollice tn its lormer locality, said
post oflice having since been lemovcd, he ui'tuided to
them, deducting tlierehom the actual expense of one >e-
movai each wav, not cxcoedmir $600.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. The Senator will indulge me a
moment. This is not n private claim. The money
is not in the Treasury, but is specially deposited
with the Postmaster General. I will explain it
to the Senate in two minutes, uml they will see
that it is not a private claim.
A year or two since there wag a good deal of
controversy in Boston about the locality of the
post office. Representations worn sent on to the
Senate and House of Representatives, that the
postmaster was taking an unwarrantable course,
and there were serious charges made againsthim.
They were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads of the Senate at so late a
period of the session that we found it impossible
to take any satisfactory action in relation to it.
Finally, it was suggested, and they recommended |
to the Senate a proviso to the appropriation bill,
that the post office in .Boston should remain where
it was, in State street, until the next session of
Congress, provided those remonstrating against
its removal would deposit with the Postmaster
General, a sum of indemnity. They immediately
deposited $12,000. After the act was passed, and
after the postmaster at Boston was notified by tel-
egraph from this city, and in no other way, he
still removed it from State stieet to Summer street.
When the Postmaster General found out that it
had been removed in violation of law, ho ordered
it back, and it was removed back to State street.
The petition still came before the Senate, and the
committee agreed that it was a matter solely for
the action of the Postmaster General, and not the
subject of legislation,and we declined to interfere
and left it with the Postmaster Genera]. He did
not interfere; and when the session of Congress
expired the post office went back to Summer street,
and is there now, and has been ever since. This
money was deposited with the Postmaster Gen-
eral by those who wanted him to hold it in State
street. It is specially deposited with the Post-
master General. This amendment is that these
remonstrants may have back the money they de-
posited, deducting therefrom the actual expense
of one removal each way. That is the whole of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see. any distinc-
tion really between this and other cases that have
been brought up. It seems that certain money
was deposited to secure the Govei*nment against
expense. It is a question how much they are en-
titled to, or how little, and therefore the claim
upon the Government is a private claim to refund
that money . It is just as much a private claim as
any other, in my judgment; and I therefore insist
upon the point of order.
Mr. FOSTER. In addition to what the Sena-
tor from Maine said, it is not only a private claim,
but it is a private claim not audited. The amount
is not ascertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate, a point of order having been
raised, is,11 Shall the amendment be received under
the ruler"
The question being put, the Senate refused to
receive the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed, by the same
committee, to move another amendment; to in-
sert as an additional section:
•And bell further enacted, That the adveitisements in-
viting piopo-sals tor the tranppoitation of the maiN, and
other advertisements of the Po*t Office Depaitment, shall
he published in two papers in Wa&lmigton, and those hav-
ing the iaigest peimanent subsenption.
1 wish the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] who has been Postmaster Gen-
eral, (and a most excellent one,) to explain this
amendment and the necessity for it. He knows
it better than I do, though 1 know it well enough
for all practical purposes.
Mr. POLK. 1 should like to know what the
usage now is, and what particular reason there is
for tins amendment? 1 suppose it to be a job for
some newspaper here, or lor two newspapers. I
understand it is worth about iiftecn thousand dol-
lars a year.
Mr. HALE. I will explain it to the Senator
as well as I can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Now Hampshire whether he had not better
withdraw that amendment, and offer it as an
amendment to the Post Office appropriation bill,
to winch it seems to be more appropriate, instead
of offering it on this general bill. That bill has
not been reported yet, but will be in the course
of a day or two. This amendment has reference
to the mail service.
Mr. HALE. 1 would do so, butl have a pretty
heavy amendment that I want to put upon that
bill from this same committee, and I do not want
to overload it. This is certainly not a private
claim. With regard to these advertisements, they
used to be published in 1 do not know how many
papers published in this city; butm time the pa-
pers multiplied here, and there were too many,
it got to be published in three or four. It was
found to be rather buidensome, and Congress ic-
pealed the law; so that theic weie no advertise-
ments published in any Washington newspaper
at all. 1 am told, by those who are conversant
with the subject, that these advertisements in the
city of Washington were worth more than all the
local advertisements all over the United States.
The law authorizing their publication was re-
pealed,and there was then no publication made m
any newspaper m the city of Washington. The
contractors all over the United States ordinarily do
not come fiom the particular locality in winch the
mail is to be carried, and when they want to sec
what pioposals the Government puts out, they
look to the papers published in the city of Wash-
ington; and really these are the only papers that
give any information at all on the subject. The
law as it now stands requires that they shall be
published m the local papers, which give no pos-
sible information. I wish the honorable Senator
from Vermont would give tin result of his expe-
rience and judgment on this subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 will meiely state, in ad-
dition to what the gentleman has &aid, the man-
ner in which they make out the advertisement for
mail service in the office. They make up an ad-
vertisement and carry it to the printer, and then
take the proof-sheets as they come from him. Of
course, with the utmost they can do, they are
replete with errors, especially in relation to the
schedules which are furnished them. We take
this proof-sheet, and, by repeatedly going over it,
it is made as perfect as it can be made. Out of
that, the local advertisements are made for the
different parts of the country, and the published •
book of proposals is printed from it. I therefore
think that the publication of the advertisements
in probably two newspapers in this city, but not
all of them, would be a very great convenience to
the Department, as well as for the use of bidders
and contractors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very unwilling to
have this bill burdened with this amendment. It
is evidently improper to this bill. I hope, there-
fore, it will not be adopted here, though I have
no objection to it on another bill.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
receive the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I haveacouple of amendments
to offer from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator from Indiana will permit me to offer an
amendment, which will not take ten minutes, for
it explains itself.
Mr. BRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Jt is to insert
at the end of the first section the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to make the pay-
ment authorized by the resolution of the Senate of March
20, I860, to Alis. E. A. Linn, §2,672.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe that must be
considered a private claim also.
Mr. HALE. It is to carry out an existing
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no law. If there
is one, I should like to see it.
Mr. POLK. It is to carry out a resolution of
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A resolution isnot a law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is reported
by the Committee on Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, and is to carry out a resolution of this
body, which was passed on the 20th of March
last.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of
order being raised, the question is, whether the
amendment shall be received under the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language of the rule
does not extend to a resolution of the Senate. It
must be under an existing law. There is no law
whatever existing for the payment of that money,
and the payment has been refused because there
was no law. It having been refused because there
was no law, it is very strange if we put it on here
because there is a law.
Mr. IIALE. There is an express law in favor
of the payment of it,and so adjudicated by the offi-
cer to whom the question was submitted, namely,
Mr. Dallas; and under it, every member of the
Senate, once or twice, has received this travel.
Mr. Dallas, in delivering his opinion, suggested
that it had better not be applied prior to the tim *
when the question was raised; but on the ques-
tion of law, it was decided, and decided by the
officer whose duty it was to decide it, that it was
legally due. Under that decision, I took my
travel; and I thmk you, sir, (Mr. Foot in the
chair,) took yours, and every member of the Sen-
ate, except some men of extremely tender con-
sciences—and there were not more than one or
two of them—took it and put it in their pockets,
because it was the law. Then, sir, it is not only
in accordance with the law, but m accordance
with the order of the Senate; and anybody who
will read the opinion of Mr. Dallas, will find that
he adjudicated that that was the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the lule of the Senate on this point.
The Secretary read as follows:
" 30. No amendment pmposni^ additional appiopriations
shall be icewved to any ^eneidl appiopuation bill, unless
it be made to cany out the piovh tons of s>ome exiting law,
or t-ome act m luiolution pieviou^Sy parsed by the Senate
dunng that session.'*
Mr. FESSENDEN. It docs notcome in under
those words, " some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate during that session." There
