1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the payment of it; and I showed him, as his au-
thority for payifig it, a paper signed by a large |
majority of the Senate, recommending that he pay
it. Many of these gentlemen might have thought
the original resolution was wrong-, but the Senate
having passed it, and it having been acted on,
they thought the money ought to be paid, and
they so recommended to the Secretary. Now,
the questio'n is, will the same Senators, when the
matter is before them, recommend Congress to
pay it?
Mr. POLK. 1 do not think this is a private
claim in the sense in which the 30th rule uses
that phrase, at ail. I vote for it because I con-
sider it an appropriation to carry out a resolution
of the Senate. The result of that resolution is,
that it puts some money into the hands of the
widow of Senator Linn; but it is not a private
claim in the same sense in which claims are that
are subjected to the Committee on Claims or the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and are
brought up here before the Senate as reported by
those committees. I look on it as being merely
a question whether the Senate will see that its
own resolution is met. 1 do not care if, in effect-
ing that, Mrs. Linn gets the amount of money
that will be equal to the mileage of her deceased
husband. I do not regard it as a claim presented
by Mrs. Linn-, that is, to be paid as an ordinary
private claim against the Government is paid;
but I look at it as a question whether the. Senate
will see that its own resolution is carried out.
Now, I say with the Senator fiom Kentucky,
I was not here when this resolution was passed,
and I do not stop to inquire whether, if I had been
here, I would have votod for the resolution or not.
It is enough for me, as a member of the Senate,
that the Senate passed the resolution. I do not
care whether they passed it ignornntly or care-
lessly; they have passed the lesolution, and, as
the Senator from Kentucky has said, other parties,
relying upon that action of the Senate, have al-
lowed their rights to attach and vest on the hy-
pothesis that the Senate would carry out^ts reso-
lution. I feel, for one, that I am m honor bound
to it; and 1 do not feel that I am prevented from
carrying out that honorary obligation by this rule,
because wc arc carrying out a resolution of the
Senate, and not paying a private claim to Mrs:.
Linn. It is not to curry out a resolution of the
Senate, of which she willget the benefit. 1 think,
therefore, it does not come strictly, or appropri-
ately,©!* properly, many sense of the term, within .
the exclusion contained in the last clause of the
30th rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Shall this amendment be received as in ol-
der under the ruler" on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Morris. Anthony, Bakei, Bigler, Cameron,
Chnginan, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittlo, Green, Gwm,
Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Aikan^tf, Johnson of
Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Povvutl, .Se-
bastian, Simmons, Ten Ljck, Wade, ami Wils-on— 25.
NAYS—Mes.^rs. Bingham, Urag<r, Hai k, Collainer, L«Vs-
senden, Foster, Grime*, IJimur, lvms, Morrill,
Pearce, Seward, Tiumhuli,and Wilkinson—15.
So the Senate decided that the amendment was
admissible; and the question being on the adop-
tion of the amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I oifer an amendment from
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds:
To pay for labor on and materials furnished for the Tost
OUice extension, $10,WU.
The Superintendent of Public Buildings has,
in his report, recommended an appropriation of
$67,830 69, for the purpose of paying for the ser-
vices named in the amendment, and continuing
the work. Tiie Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds thinking that, in the present condi-
tion of the Treasury, it was better only to recom-
mend that which was absolutely necessary,have
recommended an appropriation of §36,000 to pay
for work already done, and let the work for the
time being on the Post Office building rest. I
suppose there will be no objection to it. This is
to pay for work already done—money due the
hands at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under the contract for
the extension ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Certainly, to carry on the ex-
tension of the Post Office Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer another amendment
from the same comrffittee:
For the Capitol extension, $250,000.
That is just one half the amount recommended
by the Superintendent of Public Buildings, and
we do that under the impression that at this time
we must get along with this sum.
Mr. CLARK. The persons in charge of the
Capitol extension asked, for the continuance of
the work this year, $500,000. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, in the condition
of the Treasury at the present time, did not think
it was well to appropriate any such sum; but on
further consideration and conference with those
people who knew, it svas found that it was ne-
cessary to have some portion of the sum, in or-
der to obtain monolithic columns, so that portions
of the work already to go up may go on; and we
were informed that unless some sum was appro-
priated, it would delay the work so as to make it
much more expensive in the end, by the discharge
of the hands, and the necessity of keeping engi-
neers and some others, who would not have suf-
ficient to do. In that condition of the work, the
committee thought it better to appropriate one
half the sum asked for. There are now a few
monolithic columns on hand, but there is no
means of procuring others, so as to put up the
work, which is ready, and lying about the Capi-
tol. The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds thought we had better appropriate a
portion of the money, and let them go on with the
work thus far; and that is the reason for this
recommendation.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suppose there will be no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT 1 find that it is expected by
some Senators that I should oifer an amendment,
appropriating a sum sufficient to purchase the
land adjacent to the Capitol grounds; but I have
not been able to get a majority of the committee
to agree to it. I suppose this bill will not be dis-
posed of to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
that it is my strong desire and intention, if pos-
sible, to finish the bill to-day, befoie the Senate
adjourns, it is so iate a period of the session
that it is hardly safe to let it go over. 1 suggest
to the Senator whether there would be any use
in proposingan appropriation to purchase lands
at the present time.
Mr. BRIGHT, The consultations of the com-
mittee have led to the conclusion that it was doubt-
ful whether, in the present state of things, Con-
gress would appropriate the sum required, which
isaboutfour hundred and fifteen thousand dollars,
according to the appraised value of the property;
but still, if the bill should lie over until Monday,
the committee can get together, and I think it
very piobablu that they will recommend an ap-
propriation.
Mr. LATHAM. I am requested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, who is not
here, to offer an amendment; he has been called
out on some business:
Jliul he Ufwither enacted. That the tieasurerof the branch
mint at Sail Fianeisco, California, be, and lie is hcieby,
directed to pay to Michael Casein, admimsttaroi of the es
tnte of Jiinx". Cas^m, deceased, the «nm of $391 ,being the
value of twentv-two ounces of gold dust deposited by
James Cassm, deceased, m the year ltioo, and by mistake
credited to John Cassin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe that is out of
order.
Mr. LATHAM. Let me merely make a state-
ment. This asks for no money out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, it is not a money ap-
plication It is not a private claim. It is merely
to authorize the correction of an error of the
treasurer of the mint at San Francisco. The
superintendent of the mint at San Francisco asks
that this power may be given him, as does also
the Secretary of the.Treasury. Under the law,
they do not deem that they have the proper power.
When this gentleman, who is now dead, deposited
the money, it was put to the credit of John Cas-
| sm, when it should have been James Cassin, for
what reason I do not know, unless because he
was illiterate, or made some mistake. He is dead
now, and the proof is satisfactory that lie is dead.
His father is administrator to the estate, and wants
to get possession of the money resulting from the
coinage of this gold dust. There is no law au-
thorizing the officers to pay it; and this simply
.vests the power in the treasurer of the mint to
pay over to the administrator of this gentleman,
who is now dead, the proceeds of his gold dust,
after it was made into coin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be a very meri-
torious case; but it strikes me that it amounts to
precisely the same thing as a claim on the Treas-
ury, no matter from what it arises. The money
is in the Treasury.
Mr. BIGLER. This case was before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and 1 was authorized to
present the amendment, but being absent, the Sen-
ator from California very properly did so. I re-
gard it, and the committee regarded it, as a case
in which it was proper to authorize the mint at
San Francisco to correct its own error in regard
to the entry of a deposit of gold dust. It was
entered by James Cassin, but credited to John*
Cassin. James Cassin is dead, and his father,
Michael Cassin, the administrator, has produced
evidence sufficient to the satisfaction of the treas-
urer, as well as of the superintendent, that this
money was deposited by the deceased person 7
James Cassin; and they ask for authority to cor-
rect the error, and pay the money to the admin-
istrator of James Cassin, who actually made the
deposit. I do not see that it can be put in the
position of a claim. Here was an error of a Gov-
ernment officer, and the authority is simply to-
correct that mistake. It is a very small matter—•
twenty-two ounces of gold dust, amounting to
three hundred and some odd dollars. I think
there ought to be no objection to it m any way.
Mr. I^ESSENDEN. I do not know why thfr
officers of the mint cannot correct their own eirors.
If they have made a mistake in the entry, I do not
see any particular difficulty in correcting it; but I
do not perceive that that changes the case at alL
It stands precisely in the same position. I have
no objection to the thingitself. It is undoubtedly
meritorious and proper; but Senators will see th^t
if we vary from the rule in one case, we may vary
in a thousand others. I deem the decision of the
Senate just made as a variance from the rule. An
appropriation bill coming up at the end of the ses-
sion is not the place on which to put all these mat-
ters, and to correct the errors of officers of the Gov-
ernment. It is a very bad precedent. It leads
to delay; and I objcct to it on account of its im-
propriety.
Mr. BIGLER. If this was a matter of dispute
as to the deposit of this gold dust, if the proposi-
tion was to enable the party to produce testimony
to establish the fact that the dust had been depos-
ited; if it was to settle any point of difference of
opinion between the officers of the mint and this
individual, it might be called a private claim; but
as set forth by the superintendent, the deposit was
made, and it was entered to John Cassin. Michael
Cassin, the father of the person who made the
deposit, is the administratorof James Cassin, and
says the entry ought to be made in the name of
James Cassin. He makes the claim for James
Cassin; but the entry is John. The evidence of
the error is sufficient to the Department and the
officers at the mint. How far they were at fault
of course no one can toll; but they assume that it
was an error in entering this deposit. It should
have been to the credit of James Cassin, instead
of John Cassin; and this is simply an authority
to the officers who are responsible, to correct the
error. That is all. It is noprivate claim whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question of order to the Senate. The
question is: "Shall the amendment be received
under the rule t"
The amendment was received, there being, on
a division—ayes 22, noes 17.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been intimated to
me that this deposit was purposely made in a
wrong name to avoid an attachment by creditors.
I should like to know if that is the case. If so,
I shall retract my statement that the claim was a
meritorious one.
Mr. LATHAM. There is nothing in the pa-
pers to show that. I know the father very well.
The father is a very respectable, high-toned man.
The son I know nothing about. If there is any-
thing of that kind, there is nothing in the papers
to show it. I will say, however, that if that was
the intention, it is the duty of Congress now to
come forward,and give the money to the admin-
istrator, so that he may pay the creditors.
