180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
miles off, or anywhere beyond tho jurisdiction of
the, Federal Government, is certainly wrong. "We
would have just as much right to say that they
should use exclusively Pennsylvania iron and
Pennsylvania coal. U affects business beyond
our jurisdiction, and we have no right to impose
any such conditions. Within this District wc
have a right to put what conditions we think ne-
cessary, but not anything affecting the roads out
of it; and I shall therefore vote against it.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 think the amendment offered
by the Senator from Pennsylvania goes further
tnan the gentleman intimates—the checking of
baggage. It requires this company to pro-rate
passenger fare with all railroad companies or lines
which terminate either at Alexandria, Washing-
ton, or Baltimore; and the object is to compel
business relations for the convenience of these
cross-routes, one of which, I presume, the hon-
orable gentleman alludes torn his own State. We
all know, as to checking of baggage through, that
is done on the main lines North and South; but as
to these cross-routes, I do not know how it is in
the gentleman's section of country, but in my
paction you have to attend to your baggage when
you roach those lines. It cannot be expected that
a great through line like this from Boston to New
Orleans, or perhaps further north—I do not know
how far north you can check your baggage 
Mr. KENNEDY. Portland, Maine.
Mr. BRAGG. Portland,Maine,I understand,
can be required to pro-rate as to the passengers
on these other routes; for I suppose, if you can
make them pro-rate with the gentleman s road,
you can make them do so with any other between
the two termini spoken of. It seems ttf me en-
tirely traveling out of our duties here to under-
take to settle these matters between this road and
the other cross-routes. It may be a very great
advantage to tho gentleman and his constituents;
it may be of convenience to any person traveling
over the route; but it seems to me it is a matter
which this Senate ought not to undertake to settle
now.
Mr; CAMERON. As to that portion of the
amendment in relation to pro-rating the fare, we
do not care about it, and are willing to strike it
out; butwc want the right to have baggage checked
through to the city of Washington on all routes.
The Senator is not correct when he says that they
only check baggage through on mam routes. They
do so on all routes extending to a point like this
from any part of the United States. If you hap-
pen to come by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
they will check your baggage here; or if you come
from any part of the South,going west, or north,
or northeast,and go over this road, they will check
your baggage through. 1 am perfectly willing to
have the portion of the amendment relating to the
pio-rating of fare stricken out.
Mr. BRAGG. I consider this as a very small
matter; but I will barely suggest to the lionoia-
hle Senator from Pennsylvania, that this thing
would not be mutual. We require this ioud to
check baggage. You have no right to require the
other lines to check baggage in tins direction. You
make it, however, obligatory upon this company
when the passenger is going in one direction, to
chock the baggage. If that be the case, the whole
expense of the thing will fall upon this company,
for they must have agents common to both roads,
or else this company will have the whole expense
of that arrangement to bear. At all events, it is
not obligatory upon the other companies. You
cannot put a provision in this charter making it
obligatory upon them; because they arc asking
no favors from you.
Mr. CAMERON. It is obligatory upon them,
because they will all be glad to do so; and the
reason why I put it here is, because this company
refuses, and this is the only time that we can
compel them to agree to some such arrangement.
They now come here asking privileges, and we
grant them, on condition that they shall do cer-
tain things. It is perfectly fair. This is the only
time that we can do it. Every other company is
prepared to do this.
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania one tiling m reguid to the object of
(hh; amendment. As I undetbtand,sir, a person
goirg ft win her'- to the Noniiwest,if he will go
by the Ohio and Wheeling road, uiu purchase a
ticket, and got his baggage cheeked through to
any part of the Northwest. If he wishes to go
by the Pennsylvania Central or the Fort Wayne
road, he can only purchase a ticket to Baltimore,
and can only get his baggage checked to that
point. If he is traveling with a colored servant
Dy the Pittsburg road, or the Wheeling road, it
is only necessary for him to give a bond here to
enable him to go through without any further
question. If he wishes to go by tho Pennsylvania
Central road, he is not only compelled to give a
bondhere,but hemustgiveanother in Baltimore.
If the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is to correct this, I shall vote for it.
Mr. CAMERON. It is precisely as the Sen-
ator from Minnesota has stated. m
Mr. MASON. I know very little of these rail-
road arrangements; but, as 1 understand it, if a
gentleman is traveling from here to Baltimore,
whether he can get his baggage checked from here
to Baltimore must depend upon the pleasure or
will of the railroad company from here to Balti-
more; and then there is a company from Balti-
more to Philadelphia; and another one to New
York, «fec. It must be by arrangement with them
of necessity, because these companies who aie
different from the one giving the check, will not
be responsible for the baggage under their charge,
unless there is some arrangement with them.
And so, going south, there are half a dozen com-
panies, probably more, from here to New Orleans;
and although, I presume, there may be some
arrangement made by which baggage may be
chocked from here to New Orleans, it must be by
the consent of those companies, because they
come under a responsibility by it. The effect of
the amendment, as I understand it, will be to de-
prive this company of all the privileges granted
by the bill, unless these arrangements are made
for the checking of baggage through, which will
depend on the will of other companies.
Kir. CAMERON. No, Mr. President; it de-
pends entirely on the will of this company. This
company sets itself up as an authority to say
what companies shall check with it, and what
shall not. The ease was stated very clearly and
simply by the Senator from Wisconsin. If you
are going west o\er the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, you ran have your baggage checked at the
depot here; but if you are going west by any
other route, you must first go to (Baltimore, and
then find your way to the other depot; and, m
the mean time, run the risk of your baggage being
lost. My colleague understands the question as
well as I do, and he is aware of the difficulty and
annoyance now experienced.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, this subject has
been already very fully discussed, and I only de-
sire to say a word or two. I shall vote for the
amendment of my colleague. I agree that it is
legislation of rather an extraordinary character;
but I think the nature of the case requires it.
There is really no leason why this company
should not accommodate the public in this par-
ticular; and they ought to do it. Mr. President,
you cannot imagine a greater annoyance, a greater
inconvenience,and, at times, a greater hazaid,
than stopping at one of our laihoad depots, m
order to get your baggage to tuinspm t, it across
a eity like Baltimore. This company ought to
have made the arrangement long ago. I am free
to confess that 1 dislike to vote tor legislation of
this kind; but they come here, askm-z an import-
ant privilege, which, for one, 1 am willing to
grant. In doing so, however, I avail myself of
this fair opportunity of insisting that they shall
accommodate the public, 1 desire no longer U> be
annoyed m getting my baggage through the city
of Baltimore. I care nothing about the amount
that I have to pay lor it, nor do my constituents
care for the amount they have to pay; but it is
the inconvenience of stopping at tho depot and
getting out baggage, where there is a large amount
of it. It sometimes takes half an hour. When
females are traveling alone, it is virtually impos-
sible for them to get it. I say this provision is
no hardship and no inconvenience to this com-
pany. The company ought promptly to agree to
make the arrangement for the accommodation of
the public. I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. GREEN. Oae word. Congress have the
right to exact a bonus for this charter privilege,
if they see proper; but we do not propose to ask
any bonus, winch would be theGovernment prop-
erty. On the other hand, it is proposed to impose
a condition affecting the business of the road be-
yond our jurisdiction, in the city of Baltimore.
The State of Maryland can regulate the road there;
but Congress cannot. The State can make them
check the baggage; but we cannot. We can reg-
ulate the road within the limits of this Distiict,
but not beyond; and to impose terms of condition,
and say that, when we go to the depot in the city
of Washington, that is within our jurisdiction, is
unfair, unfriendly legislation, indirect legislation,
unconstitutional legislation,affecting the road out-
side of our limits. Shall we do by indirection
what we have no right to do by a direct act?
I think clearly not.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays;
and thev were ordered.
Mr. IlICE. 1 would ask if that portion of the
amendment has been stricken out, to the striking
out of which the Senator from Pennsylvania said
he would consent ?
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to strik-
ing it out.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have just been informed
that the Baltimore and Ohio Company have a man
at their own expense to transfer this baggage now.
All that gentlemen have to do is to hand their
checks to him, and the baggage is carried over.
I have just this instant been informed of that fact
by one of the agents of the road.
Mr.FITCH. ThePcnnsylvaniaCentral route,
in connection with the branch of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad between this city and Baltimore,
is the route over which I ordinarily travel; and if
any such arrangement exists, as the Senatoi fiom
Maryland states, it is a very lecent one. The
want of such an arrangement as that proposed by
tho Senator from Pennsylvania is a great annoy-
ance. The Senator from Missouri says we can
exact a bonus. 1 regard this as in the nature of
one.
Mr. CAMERON. I passed through only the
other day, and had to pay myself—only last Tues-
day.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have just this instant been
informed at the door of the fact which I stated.
Mr. CAMERON. Then the Senator has been
misinformed. I have stricken out that portion of
my amendment which relates to pro-rating the
pay.
Mr YTTLEE. I think all these matters may
properly be left to arrangement among the com-
panies themselves. We ought not to interfere
with them.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the amendment be
read as it now stands.
The Secretary read Mr. Cameron's amend-
ment as modified, to inseit as a new section:
*?lnd be it. further enacted, That all the piovi«dons of thi>
act shall ho'inoperatw; unless the said ttalrenorc and Ohio
Railroad Company shall chock hagga^e over their main lino
oi branches to and from Washington city, with and over
all uulro.ub terminating at Alexandria, \Va<-hmcton c:t\,
or ft.iltimorc, and with tho connections of the same, on
term-? as favorable as the said Baltimore and Ohio liail-
load Company may make with anv other toimnatmg oi
connecting lines-
Mr. POLK. I know very little about tins
checking of baggage, and I feel very much indis-
posed to vote for the amendment, because I do
not tlunk it is a matter that we ought to legislate
upon at all. It ought to depend upon ariange-
mcnts between the different companies. I should
like to know whether this company can make
such an arrangement for cheeking the baggage,
with the other companies, unless the other com-
panies will consent to do it. My understanding
of the amendment, as it leads, is, that it makes
the privileges of this company conditioned upon
that checking; and if the other companies should
refuse to permit the checking, then all the privileges
granted by this act to this company may be nulli-
fied. I am utterly opposed, myself,to anything that
looks beyond the District of Columbia with le-
gard to this company. There may be an incon-
venience; but I think we ought not to intermed-
dle with such matters at all.
Mr. RICE. My honorable friend from Mis-
souri is certainly mistaken. By passing this bill
we give additional privileges to a certain company.
The present arrangement imposes upon us the
necessity of taking their route to tho West, or of
subjecting ourselves to expense and great incon-
venience if we take another route. 1 prefer going
by the Pennsylvania Central railroad; but i can-
not take that route, under existing circumstances,
unless I pay tribute to the city of Baltimore for
