182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
amended to read: A bill supplemental to an act
entitled " An act to authorize the extension, con-
struction, and uae of a lateral branch of the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad into and within the
District of Columbia."
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mi*. MASON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-dny, it be to meet on Monday.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. It is important,
I think, to sit to-morrow.
The motion was 'agreed to-, there being on a
division—ayes 27, noes 12.
COMMITTEE 03? THIRTEEN.
Mr. YULEE. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing a reconsideration of the vote which was taken
festerday excusing the Senator from Mississippi
Mr. Davis] from service upon the special com-
mittee of thirteen. It is very much desired by
many gentlemen upon this floor who entertain
similar opinions in the main with those of the
Senator from Mississippi, that he should yield
his own view upon the subject which led him to
dcelinc to serve upon that committee, and should
permit a reconsideration of the vote, in order that
the committee may remain as it was at first or-
ganized by the President of the Senate. I move,
therefore, that the vote be reconsidered, in order
that we may have from the Senator from Missis-
sippi his consent to serve upon the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate reconsider its vote
excusing the Senator from Mississippi from serv-
ing upon the committee of thirteen.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear some reason
assigned for this. The Senator from Mississippi
is m his place, and 1 should like to know what
are his wishes about it.
Mr. YULEE. The reason is that I choose to
make the motion; and it is the desire of the friends
of the Senator from Mississippi, of those who
concur with him m opinion, that he should s'uve
on the committee, and that the committee should
retain the cast originally assigned to it bv the
President of the Senate, under the order of the
body.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know whether I
correctly understood the Senator from Florida.
Did I understand him to say that the Senator from
Mississippi had consented now to serve upon the
committee >
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. I said I hoped the
Senator from Mississippi would yield to the de-
sire of his friends from his section of the country.
The question being put;theie was on a division
—ayes 523, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. MASON. There is a quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum present, in the opinion of the Chair, but
a quorum has not voted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays. ("Oh,no."] I take the opportunity to say
that in voting as I have done against excusing the
Senator, 1 did so because no reason has been as-
signed to the Senate. The Senator from Missis-
sippi, himself, stated his unwillingness to serve
and asked to be excuscd, and we excused him.
If the Senator from Mississippi has changed his
opinion upon that subject, and is willing to serve
on the committee, 1 lor one, am willing to reverse
the vote and action of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I think that when the Senate
has determined to reconsider the motion, it will be
time enough to consult the Senator from Missis-
sippi as to his consent to withdraw the objection
which he presented yesterday. I confess that I
am somewhat surpused at the objection which is
made to the proposition to reconsider. A motion
to reconsider is generally a matter of course, and
the subject is not before the Senate until the recon-
sideration has been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
clearly of opinion that a quorum of the Senateis
present; and the Chair will put the question again,
a.)d request Senators to vote. As many as are in
favor of the motion, which is, that the Senate re-
consider th'j vote excusing the Senator from Mis-
sissippi from serving on the committee designated,
Will ! 'S< .
Upon a division, there were—ayes 26, noes 5;
no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There arc sev-
eral Senators present who did not vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have just come in, and I
do not know what the vote is. You may count
me either way, in order to make a quorum, if my
vote will make a quorum.
Mr. GREEN. Yours and the Presiding Offi-
cer's will.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is 'not in
order, in the opinion of the Chair, to entertain
the motion to adjourn, until the question before
the Senate is decided.
Mr. WADE. I thought it was in order at any
time.
Mr. GREEN. I ask the Chair if there is not
a quorum ? The vote was twenty-six in the affirm-
ative, and five in the negative. The Chair voting
makes thirty-two, and a Senator has come in,
making thirty-three.
Mr. CHANDLER. And the Chair may count
me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
make a quorum—thirty-four members. The ayes
have it. The motion to rcconsider is carried.
Mr. Y'ULEE. I will now say, that after con-
sultation with gentlemen representing the class
ofStates from which the Senatorfrom Mississippi
comes, it is their desire that he should consent
to serve upon that committee, and I trust he will
therefore, in deference to their wishes, reconsider
his resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in the very words
which I addressed to the Senate yesterday, I in-
tended to express simply my conviction. It was
not a matter of personal feeling with me. If I
know myself, no public duty ever is. My opin-
ion was, that the State of Mississippi having
taken the subject into her own hands, I could not
expect to work advantageously on the committee.
Neither could I, under the circumstances, enter
upon the labor as willingly as I trust I have usu-
ally done in aH public service. But if, in the
opinion of others, it be possible lor me to do any-
thing for the public good,the last moment while I
stand here, is at the command of the Senate. If I
could see any means by which I could avert the
catastrophe of a struggle between the sections of
the Union, my past life, I hope, gives evidence of
the readiness with which I would make theeffoit.
If there beanysacrifice which I could offer on the
altar of my country to heal alt the evils, piesent
or prospective,no man has the light to doubt my
readiness todoit. Therefore, when Senatois,en-
tertaining the same opinions with myself, came to
me and expressed regret that 1 had refused to serve,
I could but tell them that I had only obeyed what
I believed to he propriety in the case, not desiring
to shrink from the performance of a duty, still
less to indulge in personal feeling. I therefore
answer the request of the Senator from Florida,
knowing also that it is made after consultation
with others, that if the Senate choose that I should
be placed upon the committee, and continue to
serve there, I shall offer no further opposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to excuse the Senator will then be considered as
withdrawn.
Mr. YULEE. A motion was adopted this
morning directing the Vice President to fill the
vacancy created by excusing the Senator from
Mississippi from service on the committee, which
it would be proper to rescind. I move, therefore,
to reconsider and rescind that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of having referred to the select committee
that has been appointed, the resolution which I
offered some days since, and which, I think, has
not been referred to the committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. LANE. I desire to know if my resolu-
tions have been referred to that committee?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
all matters connected with the subject before that
committee be referred to it. The committee was
created for the purpose of considering them all;
and I move that the resolutions introduced before
its formation be referred to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the resolutions lelative to the
subject-matter of that committee be referred. Such
will be considered the sense of the Senate unless
there be objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that does not
carry the resolution of inquiry offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee It does not
cany the joint resolutions
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not a joint reso-
lution; but a resolution offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire asking for information
from the President. It is not intended to eairy
that, I suppose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No, sir.
Mr." DOOLITTLE. There is one resolution
pending before the Senate, on which the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Nicholson] has the floor.
Is that to be referred to the committee?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No; not the
joint resolutions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not referred, then.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee No, sir; that
is a joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 24, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gi'Rley.
The Journal of Fiiday last was read and ap-
proved.
Hon. Stephen R. Mallory, of Florida, ap-
peared in his seat.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 22d instant, an act (S. No. 518)
for the relief of William A. Linn's estate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BIGLER presented proceedings of a public
meeting held at Reading, Pennsylvania, for the
purpose of preserving the integrity of the Union,
and to give expression to the popular feeling on
the subject which now menaces the peace oi the
countiy; which were referred to the committee of
thirteen, appointed under the resolution of Mr.
Powell, which was adopted on the 18th instant.
He also presented the memorial of Bartholo-
mew Oeitly, praying for compensation for ser
vices as measurer of ail contract work on th<J
Treasury building; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That leave bo granted to withdraw f:om the
filos of the Senate the petition of Anna Rogers, widow of
John Roger:-, late a r^eam.ui in the Navy, piaying apra-aou.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
528) to provide for the suppression of the inva-
sion of one State or Territory by orfrom another,
or the fitting out of military expeditions or enter-
prises in one State or Territory against another,
and for the punishment of certain offenses; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
select committee of thirteen, appointed undei the
resolution of Mr. Powell, which was adopted on
the 38th instant.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No.
529) for the more effectual suppression of the
slave trade; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of citizens of New Ulm, Minnesota,
praying an investigation of certain outrages com-
mitted by a body of United States soldiers sta-
tioned at Fort Ridgely, the punishment of the
guilty parties, and indemnification for the lir--.es
suffered, have had the same under investigation,
and do not find the allegations sustained by ' iu
facts, and make an adverse report. It not I.""]
necessary to print it, 1 make no motion of that
sort.
The report was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the widow of George
C. Clitherall, late a surgeon in the United Status
Army, praying an allowance in lieu of quarters,
