1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
matter; but I wish to state this fact: there was a
law made 
Mr. POLK. The President has just decided
that thi.s question is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
so decide, and will again decide it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 want to state a fact. I do
not wish to debate it at all. The Senator said
there was no law authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to make this contract. All I have to
say is, there is a law, and a written contract un-
der it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now desire to ask the Sen-
ator whether or not in that contract it was speci-
fied that this material was not to be furnished any
faster than the appropriations were made.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know. I cannot
tell.
Mr. DIXON. No; it does not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want to know if it is not
in the terms of the contract that they shall not
be furnished faster than the appropriations are
made ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tho Senator from Rhodo
Island has a paper on the subject—or perhaps I
have it here—on that point.
Mr. SIMMONS. I left all the papers I had to
the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Inquiries on
this subject, in the nature of debate, can only be
had by the common consent of the Senate. No
ob]ection being interposed, thuy may be made.
The Chair heais no objection.
Me. FESSENDEN. My recollections, as they
were fresh on the subject, arose from this lan-
guage in the communication from the acting en-
gineer m charge of the Treasury building:
Your inquiiies iu reference to the new cu>tom-hou*e
at Chaile^ton were: first, what are the conditions of tlx1
contiact fot the maihlc ior tins building, and how much
mom y is now due the contractors under it ^
" In reply, I have to say, that the contract for this wotk
requires the contractor* tn deliver the marble at Oh.ule^-
ton 4 m saich ouiyr and quantities tho Depaitment may
reasonably require.' Jl is also supulate.d, 'that no pay-
ment caii he niiule under the contract except n-j appropu.t-
Uoiif* may In: made by Congie^,5
"it was probably the. intention of tfenetaiy Convin,
when the contract was made, that no m.ttble should be oi-
deied except as appropriations were made. In ptaetice,
during Ins and Mteeoeding adinim^tiations, the delivery ot
a woikni" (ttawing to the contractor has been denned an
order, it lias been so construed and acted upon fiom the
beginning of lite wotk until the pic-cut time AtehiKv-
tuial necessities, however, made it impeiaiive to (tiinish
complete working diawings of difleient pottion.- ot the
building, as the pans could not otheiwise be made to eoi-
respond ami lit e.ich other.
" (n tiiLs way thediawingsfurnislied have beeufoi many
years in advance of appropnations. When Cotuzie.-^ omit-
ted to make appiopu.uion^ foi the wotk tne < toi-
weic ordered to ocavc< quart ymg <  picpaung mat hie. Thev
have complied with this onier, ceased work at tho quany,
and discharged then opetatives. The niaible on hand at the
time oj tlie receipt of this Older constituted tho material loi
winch they now claim pay fioin the Department, ami which
it is unable to pay, a?> the appropriation ib exhausted.*'
That is the statement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. From that, it appears that
these parues made contracts to deliver marble m
the city of Charleston. They weic to receive
no pay except as they delivered it, and not then
until Congress should make an appiopriution. It
is admitted they have not delivered the marble for
which pay is now to be made, in the city of
Charleston. It is admitted that the appropriation
has not been made. It is said that, inasmuch as
the work was discontinued, and they have been
ordered to discontinue it while they were going
on preparing marble, they ought to be paid" now
for the marblo which they have on bund, which
they have delivered accoiding to the contract, and
for which they are entitled to no payment, accord-
ing to any existing law, or accoiding to then-
contract. lloncc it is very clear this is not only
without authority of existing law, but is m direct
violation of the terms of their contract. If they
have any claim at all it is addressed to the equi-
table consideration of the Senate, and is purely a
private claim.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 did not suppose it possible
for the Senator from Illinois to misunderstand the
communication which has been read by the Sen-
ator from Maine, even if he misunderstood what
I said. That communication says, that as soon
as this order to stop was received by them, they
did stop the work. The Senator says this work
has been done since they have been stopped. No
work has been done sincc then, according to the
statement Hist read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If they then stopped, they
have not brought themselves within the contract.
They were to have delivered it withiivthe city of
Charleston before they were entitled to any pay,
and then wait, after the delivery, until there was
an appropriation by Congress. They must have
an appropriation by Congress. They were not
to exceed the appropriation. They have exceeded
the appropriation; and that is a violation of the
contract.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe I had not given up
the floor. 1 thought the Senator rose to make an
explanation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought the Senator was
through.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator has got a habit
of answering so quick that he almost answers be-
fore a man speaks. There is nothing in the con-
tract saying that they were not to be ordered to
do this work until the appropriation was made.
They weie not to have their pay until the appro-
priation was made; and when Congress failed last
June to make an appropriation, they received an
order from the Department to discontinue the
work, and did discontinue it, and they now ask,
nine months afterwards, to be paid for work they
have performed under the direction of the Depart-
ment up to that time, in anticipation of the appro-
priation, and the Department did not stop them.
This work was going on in Charleston, and the
materials must be furnished from tins quarry,
and they were sending a vessel theiecvcry month.
That is just the state of the question. These con-
tractors had these drawings and orders, and were
not told to stop until June. The Department, I
suppose, expected the appropriation to be made.
I do not know anything about their rules. These
contractors say, u if there is no appropriation,
stop the work, relieve us until you are ready to
order us to go to work again, and take this work
off our hands; let us carry it to Charleston, or
anywhere else you direct." It certainly would
be very hard on private citizens to compel them
to bear thi.* loss.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President', I know of no
law that authorizes a contract to be made beyond
the amount of the appropriation. When you
make an appropriation for work, that of itself
limits the right of the contract to the amount of
the appropriation. That appropriation is the only
authority you have got; and if the Department
took it upon themselves to make plans and esti-
mates beyond that, they did wrong. They had
no authority to contract for marble or materials
beyond the actual appropriation. In the next
place, I find nothing hero to show that they con-
tracted beyond the amount of appropriation; and
all they did contract for was to be delivered. It
has not been delivered. If these parties have any
equitable claim, it is because the work was dis-
continued before they got through; but they have
not any claim under the law, or under the contract
at ali. They have not complied with the contract.
If it be true that the Department did not permit
them to comply with it, then they will be entitled
to damages on that account; but that is a private
claim, in the purest sense of the word. In this
case, it does not appear that the contiact author-
ized them to go beyond the uppropnation. It
does not appear that they had complied with the
contract. It is merely a private claim; because
they have done work, not m pursuance of the
contract, for which they are not entitled to pay
under the law, and hence requnc relief.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not know what you call
a law authorizing a contiact to be made. The
Senator from Maine just told you that m reference i
to this Treasury building, the Secretary of the
Treasury made a contract to receive the stone as
it was quarried, without any limitation, and the
contract has no reservation m it whatever. They
contracted with this Government. When the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury, or the head of any de-
partment, makes a contract with them, must they
go and hunt around to find out whether it is con-
stitutional? Must mechanics be constitutional
lawyers to know whether the President or the Sec-
retary transcends his orders before you pay them?
It would be ridiculous to suppose such a thing.
Here is a contract made; and these men have told
the Government, and given them notice, that the
materials are ready to be put m place m Charles-
ton, and they are ready to carry them there; but
the Department cannot order them there because
there is no money in the Treasury to pay for the
marble.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be true that, if the
Treasury Department make a contract for the de-
livery of marble for the extension of the Treas-
ury, not authorized by law, the parties doing it
may have an equitable claim on the Government;
but it is not a claim under a law. It is a claim
arising under a contract; hut a claim arising under
a contract does not bring it within the rule of the
Senate. The rule of the Senate is that a claim
arising under a contract is a private claim. A
claim arising under a law would be different, and,
according to the Senator's own illustration, this is
a claim arising under a contract not authorized by
law, and hence does uot come within the rule.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is there no law on the statute-
book authorizing the building of the Charleston
custom-house.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the question is on the objection to this
appropriation or the point of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess I must sustain the
point of order. I do not know what the decision
of the Chair is. It seems to me very clear, what-
ever may be the equity of the parties, whether
the Government has by law authorized a contract
to be made or not, or the Secretary has made it
as a conditional contract, and the Government
chooses subsequently to rescind the contract,
(which the Government may do,) that any dam-
age the parties sustained by virtue of the recision
of the contract, could be nothing else than a pri-
vate claim. It could not be under an existing law.
In my view, the meaning of the language of the
rule, as 1 understand it, is, where the appropri-
ation is required to carry an existing law into
effect, then it is a public matter, which maybe
attached to the appropriation bill. Where it aiises
from the default of the Government, whether it is
through the Secretary or through the action of Con-
gress, it may constitute a valid claim. I go further
and say, in my judgment, if the act of Congress
justified the contract, and the party; while in the
performance of it, agreed lo furnish anci deliver
certain marble at Chailcston or elsewhere—I do
not care where—the Government may put an end
to that contract, whether justified by the act of
Congress or not; but, beyond all question, we
should be bound to pay equitably the damages
sustained for work that he had done antecedent
to the time when the contract was destroyed,
though it was not such work as, under the con-
tract would entitle him to payment. Still that
would not make it any the less a private claim;
and it could not, within the rules of order, be
placed on the appropriation bill.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon this question.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is,''Shall the amendment be received by the Sen-
ate under the rule?55
Mr. BAYARD. Has the Chair made any de-
cision on the subject?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
not; but submits that question to the decision of
the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Dixon, Diukee, Fos-
ter, Halo, Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee. Seward. Sim-
mons, tfumncr, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. itakei, Bingham, isragg,Brighr,Chand-
ler, Olaik, Clingman. Doohttle, Douglas, Foss^enden, Gieen,
Crimes, Harlan, Hunter, King, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, I'eaice, Polk, Powell, Rice, Wade, and Wig-
fall— 26.
So the Senate refused to receive the amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Commerce, to come
in as an additional section:
And be it further enaded, That whenever a recovery shall
he had on an_v action biottght against any collector of cus-
toms oi other person acting a-. Mich, for money winch may
have heretofoie been paid, or which may hereafter be paid
under protect, hy any person or persons, as> and for mutes,
to said collector or othei person acting a-s such, and -ueh
moneys shall have been placed to the credit of the Treas-
uierot the United .States in pursuance ot law,ssJch col-
lectoi, or other peison acting as such, against whom -such
jeeovcry may be had, shall not be peisonalty liable for the
same, nor shall any execution or other process issue against
his pcison or ptoperty thereon ; but it shall be the duty of
the tfecietaiy of the Treasuiy to draw his warrant upon
