1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
can be done? The whole accounts will be scrutin-
ized. You risk nothing but what you risk under
aii your laws. The Department will adjust the
accountsand pay. We ask this appropriation not
to enable him to adjust the accounts; for he has
looked over them, and he says he needs this
money, but has not got it, and the reason he has
not got it is, that, out of abundant caution, he sus-
pended thepaymentunderaformerappropriation,
f rowing out of the difficulties there, all of which
aving been passed over. He now wants the right
to pay, provided he finds everything fair and right.
If the accounts be not found fair and right by your
officers, such as you have to approve after the 4th
of March, not a single dollar will be paid.
The Senator from New York [Mr. King] may
say, " wait another year." Let me tell him that
the parties have waited two years already, and
not one cent of interest. Money with us is worth
ten per cent, interest. That, on $9,000, is $900 a
year. They have lost $1,800 already, by wait-
nig, beggingfor what they think is their justdue,
aud now you want them to lose $900 more, mak-
ing $2,700. Will you do it, or will you not rather
say, "we will trust our own officer, according
to the common law, according to the common
system of the administration of the Government,
to say whether it is right or wrong?"
Mr. CLARK. That is the very thing I object
to—trusting the officer. I do not care whether
the officer is under this Administration or under
the next.
Mr. GREEN. Nor I.
Mr. CLARK. I do not object to the officers;
I object to the method—payment first and exam-
ination afterwards.
Mr. GREEN. Itis the universal method—the
common method pursued by the Government
from time immemorial.
Mr. CLARK. It may be; but I will not, there-
fore, the less object to it. It is liable to objec-
tion, if it is the common method.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the amendment be received under the
rules of the Senate
The question being taken on a division, resulted
—ayes 12, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRAGG. I move that the Senate dojiow
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays are demanded on the question of the recep-
tion, under the rules, of the amendment which is
proposed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
whether it is in older to move to amend the
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it is not now.
Mr. GREEN. I am perfectly willing to receive
any amendment to guard it; I do not care what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on receiving the amendment under the rule.
Mr. GREEN. Before the question is put, I
think the Senator from New Hampshire has a
right to suggest to me an amendment, and I have
a right to accept it, with the consent of the Senate;
and it may be that we shall accommodate the pres-
ent views.
Mr. FOOT. It will not change thepresentform
of the question, which is on receiving the amend-
ment.
Mr. GREEr-J". It may change the present state
of the question; at any rate, I claim the right to
have these letters read which I send to the desk.
The Secretary read:
"Department of the Interior, office of Indian affairs
January"—-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that is in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Clearly it is
not in order; but the Chair supposed the Senate
had given unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not object to the
Senator making a brief statement, as he said he
wanted to do; but I object to an argument, or to
the reading of documents.
Mr. GREEN. I wanted to state the fact that
the Secretary of the Interior suggests it as a de-
ficiency. If the Senate will not hear that, I have
nothing more to say
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Crittenden,
Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Pcarce,%olk,and Sebastian—it.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Bright,
Chandler, Ciark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, I-Iarlan, Hunter, King, Morrill,
Simmons,Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—-24.
So the Senate decided that the amendment-was
not admissible, under the 30th rule.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer thefollowing amend-
ment, embracing some deficiencies which were
omitted to be embraced in the annual estimates or
the Indian office heretofore:
For compensation of superintendent of Indian affairs and
three additional agents, in Washington Territory, for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1861, $2,527 77.
For compensation of superintendent of Indian affairs and
three additional agents, in Washington Temtory, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1865,^7,000.
These offices were created on the 6th of Feb-
ruary, by the concurrence of the House of Rep-
resentatives in an amendment which originated in
this body last session, to a House bill, and, of
course, it was too late to embrace them in the usual
annual estimates. It is intended to provide for the
payment of salaries under existing laws, for a frac-
tion of this year and for the next year. That is
all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand from
the Senator that this is to pay salaries provided
for by law?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For which no appropri-
ation has been made?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir. The bill passed
the House of Representatives at the last session,
and was amended by the Senate, but the amend-
ment was not acted on by the House of Repre-
sentatives until the 6th of February of this session;
and consequently it was too late for the Secretary
of the Interioi to estimate for the ordinary annual
salaries, and he now estimates for the balance of
this year and for the next fiscal year, amounting
to the figures embraced in the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I now offer the following
amendment, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further cuactcd, That there shall be paid under
the direction ot the Commissioner ol Indian Afianrs, out of
any money in tlit; Tit\i->ury not otheiww: apjnopnatcd,
to John T Jones the Mini of $8,700 for depredations com-
mitted upon his propeity by white pei^on>, that being the
amount adjudged bv the said Commissioner to be the value
of the piopertj destroyed.
Mr. PEARCE. I raise a question of order
upon that. If I lccoliect aright, it is a proposition
that the Senator offered to the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I was just going to antic-
ipate the remarks of the Senator by saying, that
the Senate on that occasion voted down the ques-
tion of order, hut voted against the adoption of
the amendment. Regarding the question of order
as now made, if the Senator will allow me, I will
say that John T. Jones is an Ottowa Indian who
claims compensation for property destroyed by
white citizens unlawfully entering on the Indian
reserve, under the sixteenth section of the act of
1834, to which such frequent reference is made m
this body. Claims of tins kind have always been
ruled to be in order in the Senate, and certainly
the justice of them is beyond all question.
I will say further, that there is not only an ex-
isting law—the sixteenth section of the act of 1834
—which embraces this case; butin the case of the
small tribe of Ottawa Indians now in Kansas, they
are protected by the stipulations of an article in
the treaty of 1857, which affirms and supports the
provisions of the law of 1834, providing compen-
sation to them for all injuries which may be in-
flicted on them by white men. As to the right of
the case, that is conclusive. Now, as to the proof
that the individual has brought himself within
the provisions of the law: he makes a claim, and
has satisfied the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and the Secretary of the Interior by the facts,
which are deposed to by credible witnesses, that
the spoliations were absolutely committed. There
is no doubt about that. Instructions were issued
from the Indian office to the superintendent in
that Territory, who employed the services of com-
petent persons, and also of the local agents, who
went upon the premises, called in the neighbors,
and investigated the value of the property, the
destruction of which was a matter of neighbor-
hood and notoriety. However, the form of the
amendment provides that no money shall be paid
until a subsequent investigation by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. There may be some
little question as to the precise amount due; but
that will be obviated by subsequent investigation.
It has been the custom of the Senate to place ap-
propriations of this kind on money bills, because
they are due under treaty, and due to these small,
dependent tribes, against whom the spirit of this
rule is not supposed to operate; for what is due
to an Indian is, in reality, due to his tribe, and
they often make reclamations on the United States
in the name of the tribe for what is due to an
individual.
Under these circumstances, I hope the amend-
ment "will be adopted. I was satisfied that the
Senate before voted it down under a misappre-
hension, while they did vote that it was in order
under the rule. That question has been decided
on other bills, though, of course, it is not con-
clusive on the question raised by the Senator from
Maryland now; but it is an argument why we
should not decide one day for one interpretation
of the rule, and another day reverse the interpre-
tation of six days ago.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 believe the Senator is right
in saying that this amendment was decided to be
in order when the Indian appropriation bill was
up; and therefore, although I do got think it in
order myself, 1 shall waive the question here;
but I will say this: the Senator brought with him
a large number of papers when that bill was up;
too large entirely for me to examine in the space
of an hour; but it so happens that I did examine
the papers in this very case of Jones, and I say,
that I saw nothing in those papers which brought
it within the act of 1834. That act required that
depredations to be paid for should be committed
by white men. There is proof that his house was
burnt; that is to say, by the affidavits of persons
who went there the next morning and found the
ashes of the burnt house; but there is not a par-
ticle of proof that it was burnt by white men.
They assume that; they take it for granted that
if it was burnt, it must have been burnt by a white
man, but there is no proof to that effect at all—
certainly none that would satisfy a court of jus-
tice. I say, on an inspection of the papers which
I saw on the Senator's table when the Indian ap-
propriation bill was up, he cannot lay the found-
ation for a claim. I think when these claims are
brought here, they ought to be much better ver-
ified. If the paputs are still here, I shall look over
them and satisfy the Senate that there is an
entire absence of that sort of evidence which is
necessary to establish that this depredation, as it
is called, was committed by white men. There
was no such proof in the papers as I saw them on
the Senator's table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think the Senator from
Maryland probably did not have the advantage
of certain papers that I have. I wiil not make an
issue with him, however, on that point. I know
that the proof is that Jones's house was burnt in
the night by incendiaries; and according to the
best lights, according to evidence afterwards dis-
covered, it was done by white men. The fact was
notorious; and if it were legitimate forme to refer
to outside knowledge, unofficial in its character,
which I have from the most credible men in the
Tenitory, and those opposed in political affinities
to the parties who are acknowledged to have done
it, I could satisfy the Senate beyond all question.
1 suppose, however, it is hardly legitimate to re-
fer to evidence of that loose and irresponsible
character; but the documents satisfied mc per-
fectly that this was the act of white men. It was
viewed as such. It was never doubted by the
local Indian agent of the tribe, who went there,
remained for days, took the affidavits of the neigh-
bors, employed the most competent and intelli-
gent persons he could, and arrived at this conclu-
sion. I may say that, from the very nature of
the offense, it was impossible to substantiate
with certainty who the depredators were, because
it was a secret act of incendiarism, done in the
night, during times of political trouble; and it is
not to be supposed that an Indian agent, under
those circumstances, could enforce or pursue those
judicial processes which would ascertain the guilty
party. Of course, we must content ourselves with
