1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
finished business to-day, the bill to which the
Senator from Vermont alludes would be the busi-
ness first in order; and the fact that the unfin-
ished business was not made a special order pre-
vious to its bein^ taken up by the Senate, makes
no difference. If a bill is taken up and is undis-
posed oP>y the Senate, and the body adjourns
upon il, then, under the determination always put
upon these rules, it becomes unfinished business,
and entitled to precedence on the succeeding; day.
1 know it is repeatedly the case, that Senators
bavins: charge of particular business, who are
anxious that'll shall not be overridden, call it up
just before the Senate adjourns, so that they may
have it in order the next day as the first business
at one o'clock. After the unfinished business
shall have been disposed of, either by being- fin-
ished, or by being postponed, or bybeing laid
aside in any other way, then the special order of
which the Senator from Vermont speaks becomes
the first business in order, and so on. Since I
have been connected with the chair, I think it
has been held that all unfinished business upon
which the Senate adjourned takes precedence over
all special orders. It has certainly been my con-
struction.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is true that there was a
period when, perhaps, the practice was exactly
as stated by the honorable Senator from Alabama;
but the 31st rule was made to obviate and settle
this very difficulty. That is a new rule inserted
on a revision of our rules, within the last two or
three years. The effect of the principle which
the gentleman states, that the unfinished business
would take precedence of all special orders, would
be to deprive this body of the power of making
any special order which would be at all effective,
if there were any business which remained under
discussion fur a long period. In that condition
of things, the Senate could take up no.thing. If
they made a bill a special order ever so many
times, so Ions; as any unfinished business contin-
ued on the table, though it was itself never a spe-
cial order at all, it would overrule them all, and
supersede ail power in the Senate to make any
special orders that would have any effect; and as
there is no mode of putting an end to debate by
our rules, everything might be superseded, and
that forever, by the unfinished business. The
31st rule was made for the very purpose of giving
a different direction to business, and securing pre-
cedence to the special orders over everything else,
in the order in which they are so made, when the
time comes foi which they were assigned. When
that time arrives, it is made the duty of the Cliuir
to call them up, that they may have precedence,
unless the Senate order otherwise. I am not now
talking about a contest between two special orders;
but the subject of this unfinished business was
never made a special order at all. This bill has
been made so; and 1 suppose some others, in due
time, will come up in the same way. Now, I say
that the 31st rule was made for the very purpose
of enabling the Senate, to make special orders that
would come up at the hour fixed, notwithstand-
ing any unfinished business.
Mr. GREEN. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont is clearly right if these resolutions were
never made the special order; but, to obviate all
difficulty, I suggest that, by common consent, we
take up the Kansas question, and let the Senator
from Tennessee proceed on that just as well as
on the other.
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill which
the Chair announced at one o'clock, which is the
bill for the admission of Kansas into the Union,
is now before the Senate, and, in the opinion of
the Chair, it will require a vote of the Senate to
displace that and bring forward anything else.
That is the question now before the Senate—the
bill (H. R. No. 23) for the admission of Kansas
into the Union—subject, of course, to the control
of the Senate m relation to giving any other ques-
tion nr< cedence over it.
Mi. NICHOLSON. What i« the bill before
the Senate? „
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill for
the admission of Kansas.
Mr. COLLAMER. Who has the floor on that
blThc PRESIDING OFFICER. No one at
present, . . x ,
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it. I wish to speak
on that bill*
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me,
the suggestion was made by the Senator from
Missouri, and I think acquiesced in by the Sen-
ate, that he would not insist on the question of
order, provided the Senator from Tennessee was
allowed to have the floor on this bill. The Sen-
ator from Vermont, I presume, did not so under-
stand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not so understand it.
Mr. MASON. If that be the fact, I must insist
on the question of order and the vote of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that it will
make any difference. Were I to take the floor on
the Kansas bill and urge its passage, the gentle-
man from Tennessee might take the floor imme-
diately following me, and make his remarks. It
probably amounts to the same thing On that
suggestion, I will not insist on the floor now, if
the gentleman wishes to take it on the bill, but
wjII permit him to do so.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, 1 took the
floor the other day with no expectation that the
bill for the admission of Kansas would be the
question for consideration by the Senate. An-
other question, however, somewhat germane to
it in the views which I shall present, was expected
to be before the Senate. The remarks which I
shall make, though they will not be directed par-
ticularly to the propriety or impropriety of the
admission of Ka'nsas, will have a bearing upon
one of the consequences of that admission—the
increase in the number of free States. I shall there-
fore proceed to pursue the line of argument in
reference to the present ctisis in our country,
which I had designed pursuing before this change
in the older of business.
In the course of the speech delivered by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] the other'day,
he made the following remarks:
" I have listened to the complaint5! on the other side
patiently, rind with an aident desire to nsceitam what was
the paitieulai difficult} undei which they were laboring.
Man} of tim.se who have snppo.sed tht?m elve« aggrieved
have ppoken; hut I confess that 1 am now totally unable
to understand psccfeeJy what it is of which they com-
plain."
And further on, the same Senator said:
'•'But what has caused thin great excitement? Sir. I
will tell you \vhat I «-uppose it is. I do not (and I say it
frankly) so much blame the people ol"the South; because
they believe, and they are led to believe by all the inform-
ation that cv^r comes, beforo them, that wo, the dominant
party to dav, who have ju^t seized upon the icin-s of this
Government, are their mortal enemies, and stand ready to
trample their institution*, undoi foot. They have been told
so by our enemies at the North. Their misfortune, or their
fault, i* that they have lent a too easy eai to the insinua-
tions oi tho«se who are our mortal enemies, while they
would not hear uV
And again, in the same spcech, the Senator
said:
" Now. v, hat do you complain of? You are going to break
up this Government; you are going to involve u-s m war
and blood, liom a mere suspicion that we shall justify that
winch we stand evctvwhere pledged not to do. Would
j ou be ju-tilirui in the'eye* of the civilized woild in taking
so moiistions a position, and predicating it on a bare,
groundless suspicion
It seems, then, Mr. President, that this gloom
which hangs over the country, and which is seen
and felt by us all, and freely admitted by the Sen-
ator himself, has no better foundation, in his esti-
mation, than the groundless suspicion that the
party soon to take possession nf the Government
intends to do something: wrong. Is it possible
that this feeling which pervades the whole coun-
try; which manifests itself in all our intercourse;
which is seen in the countenances of all men; and
which indicates the fearful looking for of some sad
calamity that is about to befall the country , is only
the result of an idle delusion' Is it possible that
this wide-spread, disastrous, pecuniary and com-
mercial revulsion that has taken place; this de-
struction of private and publiccredif which within
the last sixty days has diminished the actual value
of the estates of men in thiscountry from twenty-
five to fifty per cent., is it possible, I say, that
all these consequences, theseapprehensions, these
dangers,arc the fruits of an idle, baseless, ground-
less suspicion on tile partof southern men? If it
be so, then it becomes us ail with promptness and
fairness and candor, at once to relieve thecountry
from so strange and so ruinous a delusion.
But, while the Senator can fmd no better ground
for this wide-spread feeling of alarm and danger,
he concedes that southern men are not so much
to blame. He concedes that we believe that the
Republican party are our mortal enemies, and,
believing that, he does not think we are so much
to blame; but in the next breath he says we be*
lieve this upon unfounded information; thtit we
listen to none but the mortal enemies of the Re-
publican party at the North, and that we wilfnot
hear that party itself. I suppose the Senator
alludes to those in the North as mortal enemies
who stand opposed to the Republican party. As
a matter of course, he embraces within this desig-
nation the Democratic party of the North. While
I freely concede that he is right in saying that we
of the South believe his party our mortal enemies,
I deny that that conviction is made 011 our minds
from information, cither true or false, derived ex-
clusively or mainly even, from our friends of the
North.
Wc haveforthem the highestnppreciation. In
regard to them it is my pleasure to say, that in
the South we have for years confided in them as
, faithful friends and true patriots. "We have re-
i garded them as standing as a barrier between our
! rights and interests and the aggressions of our
enemies; and but for their faithful and efficient
exertions and devotion to the constitutional rights
of all sections, this crisis which is now upon us
would have come years ago. It would at least
have come in 185G. My only .regret is that they
have not been able still to stem the current of sec-
tionalism and fanaticism that has overwhelmed
them and brought full to our view the terrors of
a dissolving Union. Whatever may come in the
future—though this Union may be dissolved;
though we may separate into two confederacies—
there is one thing that will always be, remembered
by southern moils and that is the fidelity and
bravery and disinterestedness with which north-
ern men have stood by and sustained and defend-
ed our rights, until the power of sectionalism has
at last crushed them down.
But, Mr. President, it is true, as assumed by
the Senator from OI110, that there does exist in
the South a deep and wide-spread conviction that
the Republican party is the mortal enemy of the
institutions and rights of the South. That con-
viction, as I have said, does not arise from the
misrepresentations, as some have said, of north-
ern national men, of whatever party, but it has
been produced by stubborn facts, and by inform-
ation derived from the most authentic and relia-
ble sources. It comes from the leading men of
the Republican party, from their speeches made
here and elsewhere; from the acts of their Legisla-
tures; from all the sources, authentic and reliable,
from which the truth as to public sentiment is to
be ascertained. Among those from whom, a£d
by whom, this conviction has been produced on
the southern mind, there are few, if any, who
have contributed more than the Senator from Ohio
himself. His own speeches here and elsewhere
have made the impression at the South that, so
far as his opinions are concerned, (and we regard
him as a representative man,) that portion of the
northern people represented in sentiment by him,
are our mortal enemies. The people of the South
know the characters of the leading men of the
North of all parties. I tell the distinguished Sen-
ator from Ohio that in the South we regard him
not only as a representative man, as a strong-
minded man,but a bold, blunt, brave man; a man
of candor; and when he speaks, when he tells
the country that there is now "really 110 union
between the North and the South;" that there is a
" bitter rancor" of feeling existmgbetween the two
sections that does not characterize the feeling ex-
isting between any other two foreign Govern-
ments: when he says that " the only salvation of
this Union is to be found in divesting it entirely
from all taint of slavery, what are we to infer but
that he and those whose opinions he represents
are the mortal enemies of interests and rights with
which our lives and our happiness and our all are
identified?
I have alluded, Mr. President, to the evidence
of a hostile feeling in the North against the South
furnished by the Senator from Ohio, because he
has assumed that the only evidence 011 which the
southern mind relies for its convictions 01) this
subject is derived from the enemies of Republi-
canism in the North. I could pile up the proof,
in refutation of his remark, by referring to the
declarations of other representative and lending
men of the Republican party, in this body and in
the other House, and out of them; by referring to
s
* X
IV
