188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
viction that the principles on which the Repub-
lican party triumphed arc incompatible with the
Continued existence of a just, constitutional Union;
and hence, m my judgment, the sentiment that is
piodominant in that State is, that new guarantees
lor the future, to be ingrafted on the Constitution,
and to be unalterable, explicitly recognizing:,
among others, the principles as to the rights of
property in slaves announced by the Supreme
Court, n\ the late Dred Scott case > as the supreme
law of the land, must be obtained, or that a sacred
regard for the constitutional rights of her people
will impel a majority of them to demand a sever-
ance of her connection with a Union which will
then have ceased to be entitled to their allcgiance.
Acting upon this conviction as to the predomi-
nant sentiment of my State, agreeing fully as it
does with my own, I shall earnestly sustain eveiy
effort made here to secure such guarantees; and,
failing in that, 1 wiil zealously cooperate in other
measures that may be resorted to in the southern
States for accomplishing the same end. Without
indulging in profuse professions of devotion to
the Union, it is enough for me to say that I shall
exhaust nil leasonable efforts for its preservation
upon terms that will give assurance that it will
hereafter secure to all sections and every State
and every citizen the enjoyment of all their just
rights; and when these have failed, I shall have
no hesitancy in choosing seccssiort or revolution,
rather than acquiescence in or submission to the
domination of sectionalism.
Now, Mr. President, while I speak thus of the
position of my own State, and my concurrence
m it, as I understand that position to be, 1 repeat,
I rcgaid the overwhelming sentiment of the South
to be ihut of demanding guarantees that shall be
unnlteiable—that shall ireognize distinctly and
fully the right of the southern man to his slate
as propei ty—and others of much importance con-
nected wit!i the fugitive slave law. I believe the
overwhelming sentiment of the South demands
this, or it demands secession and revolution. Thnt
is iny honest conviction of the prevailing senti-
ment of the; South.
Mr. President, there is one thing connected with
these movements at the South that I most deeply
regret. 1 regret that the whole southern mind had
not been consulted deliberately and solcmnljr as
lo the best means of obtaining? the redress or the
security which'we demand. There is an identity
of sentiment in the South, there is an identity of
conviction there, which, in my judgment, ought
to have been consulted and ascertained. If there
had been a southern consultation, representing
fairly and honestly the sentiments of each State,
in the most solemn manner known to the expres-
sion of the soveieign will, and if such a consult-
ation had prepared,as I think they might,declara-
tions on which they should ask the action of their
northern confederates in this Government, i have
hoped—I have believed e\ en—that such an appeal,
with all this moral foree connected with it as the
sentiment of the whole South, could not have been
resisted by our northern brethren. That is my
view of the true mode of obtaining the lehcf or
the giKUcinteis which we demand, and which
ought to have been adopted.
That mode, however, was not satisfactory to
some of the extreme southern States. They have
less immediate interest in this question, so far as
the escape and the loss by the escape of fugitives
is concerned, than we of the middle and border
Slates have. For this reason, I think there should
have been concert between all the southern States,
i admit, however, that in the ultimate question
of the final extinction of slavery, their interest is.
immensely greater than ours. I can see, in this
fact, why it is they have been more sensitive
and les^ willing to wait the more tardy, but, as I
think it would have been, the more certain and
peaceful process of an entire consultation with
the southern States. They have adopted their own
course; and now. in my judgment, the remaining
border and middle States ought to concert meas-
uies for making their united appeal to the people of
the northern States. I think there is too much
invohad in this question of dissolution to justify
any man in failing to do all that within the bounds
ofleason can be done to avert so fearful a calam-
ity ;ws that of j dissolution of our Government.
I think this appeal should also be made with
earnestness and piomptness to the people of the
southern States, with the view of urging- upon ;
them to delay the final consummation of their se-
cession movements until our appeal to the north-
ern people can have a response.
Our extreme southern brethren disagree with
us as to the best mode of meeting the crisis. I
am willing to believe that all of us are aiming at
the same end. lam not willing yet to believe
that the policy adopted by them has been resorted
to from a feeling of disunion per se; but I regard
them as viewing separate secession as the best
means of awaking the sentiment of the whole
North, and of the whole country, to the real dan-
ger, and the importance of a satisfactory adjust-
ment. While I differ with them in that .policy,
I am not prepared to pronounce judgment of cen-
sure and condemnation upon them. They are
sovereign independent States. It is their right to
do on this subject as their judgments dictate.
But having taken their course, the duty devolves
upon us who live in the middle and border States
to take our course.
Ourpeopleare notprepared—atleastlcan speak
for my own State—until eveiy leasonable effort
is exhausted, to resort to the last remedy. What,
then, shall we do? In my judgment, the middle
and border States have a plain duty marked out.
I think if is their duty to meet together in consulta-
tion, in the most solemn manner that such consulta-
tions can be gotten up, and to present to the North
their demand for guarantees on these questions.
Will the North not grant them? Judging from
what I see here; judging from the efforts now
being made by leading organs of the Republican
party to prevent even the inaugiuation of prop-
ositions to be submitted to the Suw.es on this ques-
tion, I confess that I scarcely sX a ray of hope
of anything being accomplished; but )f there is
any hope, it is in an appeal to/the people them-
selves. I think the middle/md border States
ought to make that appeal.WWhat will that de-
mand be? Mr. President, I am bound as a man
of candor, to say that one essential feature in
that guarantee must be the constitutional recogni-
tion of our i ight to pi opeily m slaves in the Ter-
ritot ics; and that this i lgh t of propei ty shall never
be disturbed by any future amendment of the
Constitution.
Now, I know that presents the great point of
difference between us. It was the great point of
difference when our Government was formed.
Out fathers had patriotism enough to settle it.
We have lived happily, and prosperously, and
grown great under that settlement for ovei sixty
years. Why can we not settle the .same question
again ? Why will the northern mind lefuse to do
it? Is it a matter of conscience that we ask them
to surrender? Was it not a matter of conscience
with our fathers that slavery was a social and
moral evil? And yet they could settle it. They
could concede the right of property m slaves, with-
out, doing violence to their consciences. They
could authorize the increase of the number of
slaves by new limnigiations for twenty years.
They could provide for the existence of this right
of propei ty ,ev en outside of the slave States, when
tin.- slaves escape into a free State. Will any one
presume to say that our fathers were less con-
scientious than we are? Vet I am told that if the
recognition of our right of propei ty m slaves be
the sine qua non of our demand, then all is hope-
less. 1 think that may be the sentiment of gen-
tlemen who have ridden upon the current of
sectionalism into power, and now occupy official
places; but I prefer, at least, before 1 give up ail
hope, to see whether or not, on an appeal to the
popular sovereignty of the Noith, there is not
patriotism enough there n^atn to make this con-
cession as our fathers did, and to close up and
settle forever this question of agitation between
the two sections.
These, Mr. President, are my views as to our
duty in the present crisis, entertained from a
deep sense of their correctness, as well as from
an ardent attachment to this Government, and a
most determined opposition to seeing it destroyed
until every reasonable effort to maintain it upon
principles of justice and equality shall be ex-
hausted.
But, Mr. President, whatever may be the re-
sults in future growing- out of the efforts here or
elsewhere to obtain satisfactory guarantees in the
way of amendments to the Constitution, we are
called upon for present action as loan event which,
though looked for, has produced a profound sen-
sation throughout the Confederacy. I refer, of
coursc, to the ordinance unanimously adopted by
the people of South Carolina, in convention as-
sembled at Charleston, on the 20th instant, by
which that State has repealed all ordinances and
acts ratifying the Constitution of the United States
and the amendments thereto, and declared that
the Union now subsisting between South Caro-
lina and the other States of America is thereby
dissolved. This is the act of one of the sover-
eign States of the Confederacy—of one of the
oiiginal members of that Confed< lacy. It is an
act consummated in the most solernn and impos-
ing form in which the voice and will of a sover-
eign people can be pronounced.
The occasion calls for no discussion as to the
character of the right which the people of South
Carolina have exercised m thus deliberately re-
suming those attributes of their sovereignty which
m 1788 they, in the same solemn and deliberate
form, delegated to the Federal Government. I
shall enter into no such discussion. I allude to
it only as a gteeit accomplished fact which must
soon present practical questions of the most mo-
mentous character. I shall content myself now
with briefly stating, without argument, the course
which, in my judgment, ought to be taken on that
phase of these questions which may look to a
resort to force.
This question must arise cither in a proposition
to resort to force for the purpose of executing the
laws of the United States within the territorial
limits of South Carolina, or for the subduing the
people of that State and cocicing them back to
their allegiance to the United States. Whatever
technical distinction there may be in the two prop-
ositions, I regard them practically as amounting
to the same thing—a resort to force for either pur-
pose amounts, in my estimation, to war upon the
State of South Carolina.
I discard any distinction on this subject, be-
cause the effect of the ordinance adopted by then-
convention is to constitute for the people of South
Carolina a sepaiateand independent government
—not, in my estimation, a sepaiate and independ-
ent government de jure, but de facto. This gov-
ernment has absolved its people, as far as it can
he done, from all allegiance to the Government
of the United States, ajjd has thereby interposed
between each one of its citizens and the Govern-
ment of the United States on any question of alle-
giance that may hereafter arise oetween them.
As the Constitution of the United States recog-
nizes the existence of the States as States in all
the departments of the Government—legislative,
judicial, and executive—as the Constitution was
ratified by the States as States, and as the State
of Carolina, meaning thereby the people of South
Carolina in their sovereign capacity, has demanded
of every citizen thereof an undivided allegiance,
when the Federal Government resorts to force
against one of thosc-citizcns who resists on the
ground that he is obeying the command of South
Carolina, the Federal Government cannot decline
to treat the resistance as the act of South Caro-
lina in her character as a government. If hostil-
ities ensue, therefore, it becomes wr.r. Hence,
practically, I regard the resort to force either for
the purpose of executing the laws in South Caro-
lina or for the purpose of reducing her people to
their allegiance to the United States, as resulting
in war.
The question then arises whether, in the atti-
tude in which South Carolina now stands, war
ought to be made against her people? With a
full appreciation of the importance of executing
the laws when obstructed or resisted, I am con-
strained to the conclusion that, even if the power
to resort to force were subject to no controversy,
the reasons and considerations against such a re-
sort are so weighty and controlling as to induce
me unhesitatingly to declare against it: and. in so
declaring, I am thoroughly satisfied that 1 have
the concurrence of the people of my State. Auainst
one of the sovereign States whose people, m the
most solemn and deliberate manner known to the
exercise of sovereignty, decide and declare that
then grievances and oppressions are intolerable,
or that they have good reasons to believe that the
necessary lesults of the policy of a sectional or-
ganization about to take the leins of the Fedeial
Government, with every prospect of holding these
reins perpetually, must be ruinous to her interests
and destructive of the objects for which the Gov-
