1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
word to gentlemen upon the opposite side of the
House. If we can but have a fair hearing and a
fair trial upon this bill, there is no disposition at
all upon this side of the House, as far as I under-
stand, to interpose factious opposition. If we can
but have the pronunciation of our constituencies
upon the merits of some of these amendments, we
will present our views to the country, and allow
gentlemen upon the other side of the House to
have a fair vote at the earliest practicable moment.
I now ask gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, in all frankness and candor, that they will
allow us an opportunity of looking at these amend-
ments, and we will present no obstacles to a fair
disposition of all of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman from New York say he does not wish
to make any factious opposition. I, for one, am
perfectly willing that every gentleman should have
an opportunity of being heard upon every amend-
ment; but everybody knows that at this stage of
the session a general debate 011 the tariff bill is
utterly outof the question, if we intend to act upon
it at all. There are special orders for Monday
and Tuesday, and then we shall have the pro-
ceedings of the peace conference before us, and I
hope tney will receive at least respectful attention.
Unless, therefore, we consider and act upon the
bill to-day, I do not see that there will be any
opportunity of passing it. The gentleman will
have aright to offer amendments and discuss them
under the five minutes'rule, and he can have the
yeas and nays in the House on every amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask for the reading of the
bill and amendments.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. One word in re-
spect to what has fallen from the gentleman from
Ohio. 1 appreciate his motives, as we all do un-
doubtedly on this side of the House; but if he
intends to press the passage of this bill and the
amendments to-day, how is it possible that we
can understand the bearing and force of these
amendments, without having consulted any au-
thorities, without having regard to the informa-
tion which we must derive from our constituents ?
My proposition is a fair one, and is made with
no disposition to interpose factious obstacles to
the course of the other side of the House. ^Ve
are willing to make every reasonable legislative
effort to raise proper revenue to conduct the in-
coming Administration. We will pledge our-
selves here that if we have but ail opportunity of
consulting and procuring for ourselves knowl-
edge upon which to act on the amendments pro-
posed, we will interpose no factious obstacles to
their legislative course hereafter. I but ask that
we have tins day and the interveningday till Mon-
day to look over these amendments. We have
yet hud no opportunity of doing so. We will
then proceed to the legislative discussion and de-
cision of them.
Mr, SICKLES. I now ask for the reading of
the bill and amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is ontitled
to have the amendments read, but not the bill.
Mr. SICKLES. Have 1 not a right to know
the sense in which the amendments are applied?
How can we understand the amendments without
having the text read?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The reading of the
bill cannot be called for now.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist that I have a right to
have the bill and amendments read; for without
the context the amendments cannot be under-
stood .
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman is only entitled to the reading of the
amendments.
The C!eik proceeded to read the amendments.
During the reading,
Mr. COLEAX said: While the Clerk is rest-
ing, I would like to present joint lesolutions from
the Legislature of Indiana in regard to the old
soldiers' bill. I ask to have them laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr, SHERMAN. I trustmy friend from New
York has heard enough of this bill for the pres-
ent, and will consent to have the further reading
of these amendments dispensed with. I make that
motion. I see the gentleman is not paying much
attention to the reading.
Mi. SICKLES. I object. I am paying atten-
tion to those portions of which I had. not been in- ;
formed, and, as to those portions of which I had
been informed, I am deriving some advantage
from the reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman undoubt-
edly has a^jght to the reading of the amendments;
but I supposed he was as tired of them as we are.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir.
Mr. R1GGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled " An act for the
relief of Mary Walbach, widow of the late Brig-
adier General Walbach, of the United States
Army;" when the Speaker signed the same.
The Clerk resumed and completed the reading
of the amendments to the tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move the previous
question on my resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied.
Mr. GARNETT, (at two o'clock and ten min-
utes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SICKLES called for the yeas and nays on
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the resolu-
tion ; and Messrs. Garnett and McKnight were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 93, noes 2G.
So the resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, adopted on the 11th instant, respecting the
seizure of the mint at New Orleans, with a large
sum of money therein, by the authorities of the
State of Louisiana; the refusal of the treasurer of
the branch mint to pay diafis of the United States,
etc., stating that all information within his pos-
session or power on that subject had already been
communicated to the House by the Secretary of
the Treasury on the i21st instant, under the reso-
lution above referred to, and a resolution of the
same date addressed to the Secretary himself.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make a motion
to print that message; but I do not desire to in-
terfere now with the action of the tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House has resolved
itself into thoCommittce of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and 1 do not see how this motion
can lie made.
Mr. KURNETT. I do not want the message
received, unless I may have an opportunity of
making some remarks that may occupy ten min-
utes. Therefore, unless I can make them now, I
hope the message will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. In that view of the case, the
message is withdrawn.
TARIFF J1TLL.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on tlie state of the
Union,(Mr. Colfaxdi the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the Senate amendments
to the tariff bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Page 1, lino nine, before the word <• millions,'* strike out
"twuiiv-one M iind insert in lieu thereof the word •" ten
so a-* to make the section read •
That tin: PieMdout ut the United States he, and heieby
h, antho! at any time within twelve months Horn the
parage of tins act, to horiow, on the credit of the United
States?, a sum not exceeding §iU,UUU,UUO.or s,o much theie-
of, &e.
Mr. PIIELPS. That reduces the loan from
$91,000,000 to $10,000,000. The House ought to
concur in- the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Line nineteen, alter the won] u of," strike out two,"
and ni-seit in liru thereof the word ten so as to make
the section rend .
Provided, 'I'll,it no stipulation or contract shall be made
to {irevent the United States from ieiml>ur*m<j any sum boi-
lovved undei the authority of thi* act, at any time aftei the
expiration of ten year.4, from the lot day of July next.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Section one, hue twenty-one. stuke out the wo id " six,'"1
and insert in lieu thereof the word "twenty," so as to make
it read:
And no contract shall be made to prevent the redemption
of the same at any time after the expiration of twenty
years, fiom the said 1st day of July next, without notice.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Section three, line one, after the word " awarding," in-
sert the word's " any of;" so that it will read:
Sec. 3. Jindbextfuither enacted, That before awarding
any of said loan, Stc.
Mr. SHERMAN I suggest, that where no
objection is made to amendments, they shall be
understood as concurred in.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir; I insist there shall
be a vote on each amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would be very
willing to take that order, if the printed amend-
ments were before us.
Mr.SHERMAN. They will be here verysoon.
Mr: SICKLES. I desirethat the Clerk will
read the section as it will be if the amendment be
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. There is another amend-
ment to a subsequent part of the section.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to submit one or two
observations. I think, Mr. Chairman, that this
is the first instance in which a tariff bill has ever
embiaced within it a loan. I have understood,
sir, that all parties in this country adopted the
principle that a tariff was to be so framed as to
produce i-evenue., and revenue primarily. We
are told, as a reason why the tariff should be
changed, that the Treasury is bankrupt, and that
it ought to be replenished. The argument is that
this tariff will increase the revenue, and will sup-
ply the Treasury with adequate means and re-
sources to meet the public exigencies. And yet,
sir, we have the extraordinary solecism and un-
heard-of contradiction in legislation, that the very
measure with which you propose to obtain addi-
tional resources for the Treasury contains its own
refutation, because it defers the efficacy of the
measure, and resorts to a loan to make up for the
depletion of the Treasury, which your protective
tariff is to bring about.
Sir, a protective tariff, which diminishes com-
merce, which excludes importation, ought to have
a provision m it for raising more money by loans;
for it is only in Chat mode that you can make up
for the diminution of the revenues which will en-
sue from the adoption of a protective tariff policy.
Sir, I have understood, and I think the country
understood, that in the last presidential election
all parties were pledged to the adoption of a rev-
enue tariff policy. And I may take the liberty
to refer to the Chicago platform, and perhaps it
may regarded as presumptuous, for Iliad as little
to do with making it as anybody, and have as
little respect for it. Sir, that Chicago platform,
which is regaided as the supreme law of the land
by gentlemen on the other side of the House, em-
braced a pledge to the country, on the part of
those who made the platform, that there should
be no other than a revenue tariff. It is true, as
was so felicitously remarked by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Barret] the other day, that
that platform, like the speeches of its most distin-
guished exponents, was, for the most part, made
up of pointless platitudes and useless generalities;
butif there is anything in it, if it is anything more
than a delusion and a snare, it did present to the
country the solemn promise of the Republican
party that the protectionists should not control its
legislation. That was also the ground adopted
by the Democratic party. Thus the effect, prac-
tically, was to withdraw the tariff policy of the
country from the issues involved in the canvass,
concentrating all our discussions and all our en-
ergies upon the slavery difliculties and differences.
Now, sir, what do we find ? We find that this
honorable pledge is to be violated in itsspintand
in its letter. You come here with a protective
tariff, under a pretense that thetanff needs revis-
ion, because the Treasury is bankrupted. The
proposition which meets us at the threshold eon-
tains an utter solecism in legislation, namely: in
a bill that is to provide additional resources for
the Treasury from imposts, we provide for a
loan of ^10,000,000 to meet the deficiency that
gentlemen know will arise in consequence of the
loss of revenues which must result from the ne-
cessary tendency of high duties to decrease un-
poi cations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
