1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a 151
The CHAIRMAN announced that the general
debate upon the bill had closed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to consume
five minutes upon this bill, and I will be very
brief.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will have
to offer an amendment, if he desires to submit
any remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, then. I call for
a vote upon the Senate amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Tage 3, line one, strike out, after the word " for," tlie
words " such loan," and insert " so much oi: said loan as
the exigencies of the public seivice shall require so as to
make the clause read : ,
The Secretary of the Treasury sliall, as the exigencies of
the public service require, cause to he inserted ill two of the
public newspapers ot the city of Washington, and in one
or more public newspapers in othei cities of the United
States, public notice that sealed proposals foi so much of
said loan as is required, will be received until a ceitam day,
to be specified in sucli notice, not less than thirty days liom
its first insertion in a Washington newspaper; and such
notice shall state tlie amount ot the loan, at what periods
the money shall be paid, it by installments, and at what
places.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to say a word upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that it will be necessary for him to
offer an amendment. The general debate upon
the bill has closed.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, sir, I propose to in-
sert, after the Senate amendment, the words " for
the economical administration of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. Chairman, in considering this proposition
of the Senate, I believe that only so much money
should be borrowed as is necessary for an eco-
nomical administration of the Government. Now,
sir, Secretary Dix reports that there will be a de-
ficiency on the 30th of June of $22,000,000. This
House has since added to the deficiency bill an
appropriation of $1,800,000. They have passed
the bill for the California war debt of $400,000.
There is a deficiency in the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's department of $700,000. There is a defi-
ciency in the Indian department of $360,000. The
Oregon war debt bill has been passed, making an
appropriation of about $3,500,000; making alto-
gether about $29,000,000 deficiency. I speak in
round numbers. Then there is the balance of the
loan of the 22d of June last of nearly 114,000,000;
and the House have passed a loan bill during the
present session of $25,000,000. There is also a
provision attached to the tariff bill to borrow
the sum of $10,000,000. There is the Pacific rail-
road bill, creating an additional indebtedness of
$121,000,000; making an aggregate sum of some
$240,000,000.
Now, sir, considering that, at the commence-
ment of this session ofCongress, the whole public
debt did not quite reach $65,000,000, that is a
pretty respectable increase for three months, 1 he
party now in power raised in the canvass the cry
of economy. During the whole of the present ses-
sion they have had control of the House. They
have virtually had control of the Senate since
early in December last; and during this time they
have made provision to increase the public debt
of the country $180,000,000 in one short session
ofCongress. And, as we were told the other day
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, it is only for the ordinary expenses of the
Government that this economical party will want
such a vast sum. They include, he said, no pro-
vision for the war which they propose to wage
against their fellow-countrymen in the South.
Now, sir, look at the causes for which these ex-
travagant appropriations have been made. They
are really paying the debts of the canvass. The
Oregon war debt must be paid at this time, as
compensation to that State for voting for Lincoln.
HereisthePacificrailroad bill. Scarcely anybody
believes that the road is practicable; everybody
knows it is a humbug; but it was a good election-
eering scheme. It is part of the Chicago platform,
which gentlemen on the other side regard as of
higher obligation than the Constitution;and there-
fore they are willing to vote, at such a time as
this, a bill in this House involving thecountryin
a debt of $121,000,000. Then, again, sir, this
tariff measure itself, this tax on the necessaries
of the poor for the benefit of the ironmongers of
Pennsylvania, is the well-known price of her vote
in November. This is your economical party!
One hundred and eighty million dollars of debt
m three months! Your President elect, we hear,
has this morning arrived in the city. Has he
come to restrain your imprudences? Is he in hot
haste to check your reckless extravagance? Or
why this night march from Harrisburg? What
credit he deserves for its cleverness, and the cun-
ning contrivance by which he has set all the con-
spirators of Baltimore on the wrong scent! After
advertising to be there this evening, and allowing
all the arrangements to be made for the police to
guard him, and Mayor and City Councils to re-
ceive him, behold! he hurries through, protected
by the mantle of night, disappointing his faithful,
though few, followers of the Baltimore Republi-
cans, who anxiously awaited the light of his coun-
tenance, and, above all, utterly disconcerting those
terrible conspirators whom Jefferson Davis and
Yancey and Wise had doubtless placed in wait
at the railroad station to assassinate him ! How
truly is discretion the better part of valor ! Who
could have suggested this splendid military strat-
agem ? Was it his own unassisted genius, or was
it a plan of the devoted prefect of the pretorian
bands that are to be—Lieutenant General Scott?
It is well he has come, for it is said that in the
multitude of counselors there is wisdom; and
whether we consider his speeches by the way, or
the votes of his party here, since the absence of
southern members has given them rope enough
to hang themselves, we must agree that the con-
cern, and the unhappy country now under its
control, are on the high road to ruin. Yes, gen-
tlemen, let me tell you that, strong as that Chicago
platform may be—which Lincoln said, at Pitts-
burg, was the infallible law for him, though he
did not cxactly understand it—sound and thick
as may be its planks, they are not strong enough
to bear the weight of your monstrous extrava-
gance, your corrupt electioneering, your outrages
on the Constitution, your threatened civil war,
and your marvelous specimen of a President.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia; but he has
introduced so many topics into it that it would
take me two hours to reply; and, as lie is very
competent to answer most of them himself, I will
call for a vote upon the question.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Add:
Provided further, That no part of the loan hereby author-
ized shall be applied to the service of the present fiscal
year,
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strike out the
word "year."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] said that he would not answer my re-
marks because 1 discussed so many topics, and
could answer myself. I do not wonder that he
did not make the attempt, for his cause is one of
which the least said the better. And, sir, since
I spoke a little while ago, I have received im-
portant information which I deem proper to add
to what I have already said. This stealthy night
march of the President elect was, I learn, a nTatter
of great discretion, a masterly stroke of general-
ship; for, it is said by a gentleman near me, that
Yancey and Davis were waiting for him at the
depot in Baltimore, with a six-pound howitzer in
each pocket.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GARNETT. State it.
Mr. HDTCIIINS. This is a special order, and
I make the point that the gentleman's remarks
must be confined to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken. The Senate amendments to the tariff bill
have been made tlie special order, and general
debate is notm order. The gentleman will, there-
fore, confine his remarks to his amendment to
strike out the word "year."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. On what particu-
larly does the gentleman raise his point of order?
Let the words be reduced to writing. Is it the
howitzer? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARNETT. Is the point of order open
to debate?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. GARNETT. What is the decision of the
Chair ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decider that
the point of order is well taken, and that th6 gen-
tleman must confine kris remarks to the amend-
ment he has moved.
Mr. GARNETT. ThcCbair will permit me
to make a simple statement. I was about to show
that this loan is necessary in order to buy .arms
to meet those Davis and Yancey howitzers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on the order of this
committee being preserved.
Mr GARNETT. I am in order. Iam show-
ing why these loans should be made. Itis certain,
at least, that you will have to increase the pay
of the Lieutenant General for the signal services
that he has performed. You will need a large
supply of peacock feathers for the appropriate
adornment of his military dress—the reward for
his profound plans, and excessive toil in prepar-
ing plans, of campaign against his native State
and the southern States generally. Additional
secretaries will have to be employed to draw up
his bulletins and his "views" on international
law, interlarded as they are with rare excerpts'
from Paley's Moral Philosophy, and with the yet
richer display of his extensive political learning
and his perfect command of the tritest quotations
from Pope. Some, I know, have been published;
but the archives of the War Department could
furnish us with still more exquisite specimens of
Lieutenant General Scott's literary attainments.
We might even learn how that mighty man sleeps
at night and feels in the morning. One "view"
runs somehowin this fashion: " Lieutenant Gen-
eral Scott (who feels very unwell this morning
after a sleepless night) presents his compliments
to the Secretary of War," and the hero then goes
on to suggest and reiterate his plans for the sub-
jugation of the South.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist that this debate is
out of order, and ought to be stopped.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to his amendment to strike out
the word " year."
Mr. GARNETT. I have never before known
the rules of the House to be strictly construed in
the five minutes' debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Why should it
be so on this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. Whenever the point of
order is made, it is the duty of the Chair to make
a decision, and to enforce the rules.
Mr. GARNETT. I will argue why we should
strikeout the word "year." It ought to be stricken
out, because it will take more than a year lo raise
money enough to accomplish all the duties and
purposes I show you have on hand. I was about
to show that the Lieutenant General, as he takes
his quotations from Paley and Pope, had in his
eye a more modern model for the form of his notes,
who usually began with " Field marshal the Duke
of Wellington presents his compliments," &c.;
but here, sir, the likeness fails; for, sir, he never
thought it necessary to inform the War Depart-
ment in parentheses whether he had taken hasty
plates of soup, or passed a bad night, or to enforce
his arguments with Paley, or even with Pope.
Then,sir, there isanother difference. The Duke
of Wellington wasagreat soldier; but then lie was
something more. He was also a great man; a
man as modest as he was great; one whose vanity
or ambition could never find gratification in war
upon lus countrymen. The Duke ofWellington,
sir. rose once in Parliament 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
ill regard to the Duke of Wellington are not ger-
mane to the amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. I am about to make them
germane. The Duke of Wellington, sir, rose in
his place in Parliament, and expressed his views
in favor of conciliation rather than civil war.
The patriotic chieftain said that he had probably
passed a longer period of his life engaged in war
than most men; but thatif lie could avoid, by any
sacrifice whatever, even one month of civil war in
his beloved country, he would sacrifice his life in
order to do it. He said there was " nothing which
destroys property, cuts up prosperity by the roots,
and demoralizes character, to the degree civil war
does. In such a crisis, the hand of every man is
raised against his neighbor, against his brother,
and against his father; servant betrays master,
and the whole scene ends in confusion and de-
vastation." Such is civil war!
But Lieutenant General Scott never finds him-
