1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
self too unwell, his nights arc never too bad, for
him to urge upon the Secretary his coercive views;
for his sleepless vigils were devoted to organizing
civil waragainst his own State of Virginia and the
southern people. It will take more fhan a year to
raise money enough adequately to remunerate
such signal services in the cause of Black Repub-
lican despotism. Nay, sir, you will need money
to establish a body-guard for the President, to
protcct him against the incendiary citizens of
Texas, Mississippi, and other States, and espe-
cially against the vast army Governor Wise is
marching upon this city. It is necessary for his
protection against the conspiracy proved by anon-
ymous letters which the Lieutenant General re-
ceived, and those which Governor Hicks would
not produce, which have so much disturbed the
equanimity of members upon the other side. This
money will be necessary to pay for the troops we
saw upon the street yesterday; the troops to reas-
sure the Republicans against the ridiculous panic
•which has prevailed among them; the militia under
General Weightman, as well as the flying artillery
of the regular Army. [Cries of "Order!" and
applause and hisses.] I will state why I think
the galleries ought not to be cleared. It is this:
serpents and geese are appropriate assistants at
the last hours of freedom and the downfall of
Government through rapid stages of corruption
into a vulgar but merciless military despotism.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the rules of order are not
enforced, 1 will move that the committee rise and
go into the House, fo see whether we are power-
less or not to preserve order. [Cries of " That is
right!"]
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, the good na-
ture of Virginia Representatives is proverbial.
They often defend citizens of Virginia holding
high places at Washington, and especially when
they stand in great need of any such benevolence;
and they sometimes attack citizens of Virginia
holding high places under the Government. Hut,
sir, they do not expect to do any harm, but only
to furnish amusement to the party assailed.
[Laughter.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
"was concurred in.
Mr. CRAtGE, of North Carolina. I move
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us rise. We can get
rid of this thing in a different way.
Mr. GROW' demanded fellers.
TeJlets were ordered; and Messrs. M^Iynight,
and Chaior of JVorth Carolina, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 103, noes 1.
So the committee rose; and theSpeakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of ihc Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the tdrifTbill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration ofthe Sen-
ate amendments to the tariff bill. If they be
brought heic, any member can have a separate
vote on any amendment he may specify. If ne-
cessary, I move that the rules he suspended in order
to get my motion before tiie House.
Mr. PHELPS. Under the assurance that these
amendments would be placed before us in print, I
have been wil'ing that they should be considered.
1 desire to consider it as we ought to consider it;
but we cannot consider it unless the amendments
are pi inted.
Mr. -SHERMAN. The amendments will be
printed soon.
Mr. PH ELPS. I hope the gentleman will sub-
mit no motion of that kind, for I cannot sustain
anything of that nature. I desiic to act under-
stanclingly. I differ from the gentleman in toto
«pon this bill; but 1 am willing to go on with the
consideration of this bill, and act upon this amend-
ment as my judgment impels me: and I presume
that is the opinion of gentlemen upon this side of
the House. If the gentleman allows the bill to be
printed, he will find no factious opposition to the
consideration of the amendments, and no obstacle
to their disposition in the committee. Many of
the amendments ate met ely formal, but some of
them require consideration.
Mr. BARR. My constituents are interested in
this bill, and I wish to offer one or two amend-
ments to some portions of the bill; and I hope the
House will not punish my constituents because
some gentlemen choose to make themselves ridic-
ulous upon this floor. The great city and State of
New York is interested in this matter; and I say
again, if gentlemen upon that side of the House
choose to make themselves ridiculous, do not
punish New York for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I supposed that gentle-
men upon all sides of the House would stand by
me in enforcing the rules of the House against
every member who violates them, I, of course,
would withdraw my motion.
MaJOHN COCHRANE. I desire,oncemore,
to remark to gentlemen upon the other side ofthe
House, that there is no factious opposition what-
ever upon our side to oppose this bill in its gen-
eral features. We are disposed to assist the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in
every parliamentaiy object he has in view; and
if we can act intelligently upon these amendments,
we will come to his assistance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion, and move that the House resolve itself into
the Committee ofthe Whole on the state Union
upon the pending bill.
Mr PHELPS. I think we had better adjourn,
and have the bill printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was ordered to be printed
on Thursday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Our difficulty arises
from a want of understanding the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first amendments, or
most of them, are merely formal in their charac- j
ter, as will be seen by the context.
The SPEAKER. The House has resolved to
go into committee.
Mr. PHELPS. No vote has been taken.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to £o into committee.
Air. PHELPS. The Speaker did not put the
question upon the motion, inadvertently, I have
no doubt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whether
there was or was not a vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly cannot
he mistaken as to his putting the question; buthe
will put the question over again.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a suggestion to make
to the gentleman from Ohio. I cannot vote under-
standing^ upon these amendments, as they are
not printed. I have no desire to impede the prog-
less which thegentleman wishes to make on this
bill; and if the amendments were printed, I could
read them, and vote understandingly. I have no
desire for discussion, and that, I believe, is the
feeling which pervades most gentlemen upon this
side ot the House; and therefore I say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that it is wrong to force a vote
upon these amendments now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist upon my motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state re-
spectfully to the House that he certainly did put
the question upon themotion; and it was carried.
Persons about me heard it; but out of respect to
those who did not hear it, the Chair will put the
question again to the House.
Mr. UR1GGS. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this bill until Monday. In the mean
time, the bill will be printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House. It is in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. The Speaker has stated that
he did put the motion to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is satisfied of it.
Mr. PHELPS. I stated that the Speaker had
not put the motion, through inadvertence, how-
ever. Believing that he had not, I resisted going
into committee for that reason, and that reason
alone. As the Speaker states that he did, I with-
diaw my objection.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
CMr. Colfax in the chair,) and resumed the con-
i side-ration ofthe Senate amendments to the tariff
bill.
Eighth amendment:
That in ease the proposals made for said loan, or for so
much thereof as the exigencies of the public service shall
require, shall not be satislactoiy, the Picoutent of the Uni-
ted States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to decline
to accept such otiei, if for less than the par value of the
bonds constituting said stock, and in lieu thereof, and to
the extent and amount of the loan authorized to be made
by this act, to is^ue Treasury notes for sums not less than
$50, bearing interest at a rate not ie&s than six per ecnt.
per annum, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of Jan-
uary and J uly in each year, at proper places of payment, to
be piescnbed by the Secretary, with the appioval of the
President; and under like circumstances and conditions,
the President of the United States is hereby authorized to
substitute Treasury notes of equal amount for the whole
or any part of any of the loans for which he id now by law
authorized to contract and issue bonds. And the Treasury
notes so issued under the authouty herein given shall be
received in payment for all duties due to the United States
when offered, and in like manner shall be given m pay-
ment for any sum due fiom the United States, when pay-
ment in that mode is requested by the person to whom
payment is to be made, or foi their par value in coin. And
tiie faith of the Ufiited States is hereby pledged for the due
payment ofthe interestand the redemption of the principal
ofthe stock or Treasury notes which may oe issued under
tiie authority of this act; and the sum of $20,000 is hoieby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasuiy not other-
wise appropriated to pay the expenses of pieparing the cer-
tificates of stock or Treasuiy notes herein authorized, to
be done in the usual mode and under the restrictions as to
the employment and payment ot officers, contained in the
laws authorizins former loans and issues ot Ti easury notes;
and itfhall be at the option of holders of theTreasurj notes
hereby authoiized by this act to exchange the same toi the
stock herein authorized, at par, or for bonds in lieu of
which !>aid Tiea&ury notes were issued: Provided, That no
ceitificates shall be exchanged forTiea&urv notes or bonds,
in sums of le^s than $'500: Jlntl -provided further, That the
authouty to usue said Treasury notes, or give the same in
pajnn nt for duties due ftom the United States, shall be
limited to the 13th day of June, 1862; and that the same
shall be redeemable at the pleasuieof the United States, at
any time within uvo years after the passage of this act, and
that t>aid notes shall eea^e to bear interest after they shall
have been called in by the Secretary of the Treasury under
the provisions of tins act.
Mr. (AUAIILES. I move to amend that amend-
ment by striking out " $20,000."
I move this amendment in order to call the at-
tention ofthe committee, and especially that of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to the fact that wo cannot, intelligently, legislate
in this manner. Here is a long amendment se-
liously complicating this bill. In it is an appro-
priation of $20,000, and no man not upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or who has had no
opportunity to inspect the amendment, can tell
what it is for. I ask the gentleman, as a fair-
minded man, whether we should be called upon
to legislate in this loose manner upon matters of
so much importance? We have not the printed
amendments, and we can hear them read by the
Cleik but imperfectly; and 1 know that no man,
with the buzz that fills this Hall, can understand
all the amendments. I do think that we should at
once suspend all action upon this entire bill, until
we are in a condition to act understandingly upon
it. Doubtless these amendments are all under-
stood by the chairman ofthe Committee of Ways
and Means, tie has had an opportunity to look
ovei them-, but other gentlemen are not admitted
into the secrets of these amendments. We know
nothing about them. My people, as well as the
constituents of the gentleman from Illinois, have
an interest in this matter. They must be pro-
tected; and therefore, I cannot consent to go for-
ward under the present state of things.
Mr. HUGHES. I entirely disagree with the
gentleman from Tennessee, for the reason that it
is entirely unnecessary to print the amendments.
This House has nothing on the face of the earth
to do but to register the cdicts of the Committee
of Ways and Means. Let us, therefore, go on,
and get through as quickly as we can, and leave
the Committee of Ways and Means to regulate
all the legislation of this House, as it has done
during a greater part of this session, as well as
heretofore. 1 hope, therefore, there will be no
postponement of this measure for the reasons as-
signed by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The question was put upon the amendment of
Mr. Q.uarles, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by striking outS! $500," and inserting
in lieu thereof " $1,000," in the following pro-
viso:
" Provided, That no certificates shall be exchanged for
Treasuiy notes or bonds in sumsof less than $o00."
My object is to prevent the issue of stock in
sums of £500, where Treasury notes are proposed
to be exchanged for stock. I desire to see no such
stock issued by the United States in sums of less
than $1,000. If the holders of Treasury notes
desire to convert those notes into stock, it is easy
for them to obtain the sum of §1,000; or they may
