192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24.
legal representative of Robert Farquhar; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HENRY G. CARSON.
* Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill (S. No. 187) for the relief of Hen-
ry G. Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubh,
deceased; which was laid upon the table, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
GABRIEL I. JOHNSTON.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 27G) for
the benefit of Gabriel I.Johnston; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying- report, ordered to
be printed.
REPORT TO BE PRINTED.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I present a report
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, in the case
of certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie
Indians, in the State of Michigan. A bill was
reported last session; and I now ask that the
report may be printed
It was so ordered.
CHILDREN OF JOSEPH MOZEAU.
Mr. ALDRICH,fromthcCommittec on Indian
Affairs, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of the fnterior he, and
hereby is, dhected to report to thia House to whom and by
what authority certain sum« of money allotted or awarded
to Mary Woodbury (tlion Mary Tahafeno) and Elizabeth
Ode!) (then Elizabeth William-.) to H. Mozeau, Sophia
IVIozeau, Antomu JYIoze.ui, and Joseph Labattia, children
and watd of Joseph Mozcau, under the treaty with the
Sioux Indians of the 29th o( .September, 1M7, were paid,
and whether the claimant* have ever leeeived the M'veiai
amounts due them under said tieaty, or any part thereof;
and aNo, any mfonmtion miel.itiontosauUunwot money
which he may he able to communicate.
GEORGE L. IIAItTSUIfF.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Lieu-
tenant George L. Hartsuff; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
The bill was then read in extenso. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Lieuten-
ant Hartsuft* out of any money in the Treasury
not othtnme appropriated, the sum of $380,
being the amount of public money in specie ui
his possession, in his official capacity us assistant
commissary of subsistence in the United Stales
Army, on board the steamboat Lady Elgin, on
Lake Michigan, and which was lost by the sink-
ing ofsaid vessel in the month of September, 18(50,
said money having been refunded by him and
paid over to his successor.
Mr. STANTON. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the passage of that bill. Lieutenant
Hartsuff was commissary at Fort Mackinaw; he
was ordered to Chicago to purchase subsistence
stores, and took with him specie and bills. He
puiduisi'd the stoies, paying foi thein in lulls,
and returned with the specie on the Lady Elgin.
The steamboat was sunk, and he lost Iiik ward-
robe as well as the money. lie presented a claim
for his wardrobe as well as the money, which the
committee rejected. This bill simply proposes
to refund to bun the amountof Governmentfunds
lost by the sinking of that vessel.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed,and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid Lime and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to leconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table
The hitter motion was agreed to.
DESERTIONS FROM THE AltMY.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 am instructed by the Committee
on Military Allans to report back, with amend-
ments, a bill (S. No. 40) to prevent desertions
and to facilitate the enlistment of soldiers in the,
Army of the United Stares. I am fuilher instructed
by th< committee to ask that the bill be put upon
its pa. It isabill of great impoitance to the
public. It is to prevent desertions from the Armv.
The Government is constantly subjected to great
loss because soldiers are enticed away after we !
have gone to the expense of transporting them to
remote posts. The objcctis that individuals shall
not coax them away, by offering them higher pay.
It is the unanimous opinion of the committee that
the bill should be passed soon, so as to put a stop
to these losses.
The bill was read, with the amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Does this bill come from
the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. CURTIS. It does; with the recommend-
ation that it have immediate consideration.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The bill has not been
printed; we have had no opportunity of consid-
ering its various provisions; and I can see no
necessity for pressing its consideration at this
particular time, when the seats of members are
not full—when some of the members of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have gone home, as
well as many other members not connected with
that committee. I must ask the gentleman from
Iowa to allow the postponement of the bill until
it shall be piinted, and we can examine it and
understand precisely what are its provisions, and
until we can have a full House. I make this
request of the gentleman from Iowa because, if he
insists on action by the House at this time, I shall
feel compelled to object to its being reported at
all.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia will name some day when he is willing to
consider it, I presume there will be no objection
to postponing it until that day.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to any
day after ten days subsequent to th« holidays.
Mr. STANTON. I hope it will be postponed
until some day the gentleman may name, and be
made the special order.
Mr. CURTIS. I will propose the third Tues-
day in January.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to its
being postponed until that day, and be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CURTIS. And let it be made a .special
oi der.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Oh no; I object to its
being- made a special order.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; let it be postponed.
The bill was postponed until the third Tuesday
of January, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON MILITARY ROADS.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
House bills Nos. 883 and 885, with a substitute
for both. The first is a bill for the construction
of a military road m the Territory of Washing-
ton. The other is a bill for the completion of
military roads in the Territory of Washington.
I ask that the bills, with the substitute therefor^ be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
J. 13. MARTIN.
Mr, MORPJS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate
bill (No. 273) for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of J. E. Martin; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
PETER JOSEPHS.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Peter
Josephs; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ELIZA KEEVES.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill (No. 4G7) granting an
invalid pension to Eliza Reeves, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. STOKES said: I am instructed by the com-
mittee to ask the unanimous consent of "the House
to put that bill on its passage; and if 1 may be
indulged for a moment, I will state the leason.
1 am informed that Mrs. Reeves is in the city of !
Washington, and that she is m \ very distressed '
condition, without tiie means of support for her-
self and children. lam credibly informed that
they are almost on the point of starvation. I
therefore ask the consent of the House to put the
bill on its passage; and I have information that
the Senate will immediately consider it.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for consideration. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Eliza Reeves upon
the roll of invalid pensions, at the rate of nine
dollars per month, to commence on the first day
of January, 1860, and to continue during her wid-
owhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the tuble.
The latter motion was agreed to
SUSAN M'GAULICK.
Mr. FLORENCE, fiom the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Susan McGauhck, widow of James McGaulick;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
THOMAS CHITTENDEN.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have also a bill for the
relief of an old soldier of the war of 1812, which
is a case of necessity, and for which 1 ask the
same indulgence as was extended to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] just now. I
will state that the gentleman from Wisconsin is
very much interested in the case, and I promised
him I would ask the consent of the House to put
it on its passage without delay.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Chailes Chitten-
den,of Wisconsin, on the roll of invalid pension-
ers at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 1st day of January, 1858, and to
continue during his natural life.
The report was read. It states that the peti-
tioner, in 1813, was an ensign in the thirtieth regi-
ment, United States infantry; that subsequently
on the 21st December, 1814, he was appointed a
second lieutenant in said regiment; that he con-
tinued in service until the month of September,
ld!5; during which time he was in service with
his regiment on the northern ftontier, suffering
great hardships on account of the inclemency of
the weather; that during the autumn and winter
of said year he performed the duty of quarter-
master in addition to the regular duties of his
grade of office; that in the discharge of his duty
as quartermaster, he had frequently to perform
severe labor; that to encourage his men, he would
frequently join them in extracting transportation
wagons from difficult situations; that while thus
engaged he received an injury or strain which
disabled him from further active service, and he
was obliged in consequence to return home; that
the injury has affected him more or less ever
since; and now at the age of sixty-nine years he
finds himself poor and unable to woik. The
petitioner further states that not until necessity
drove him did he apply to the Government for
relief.
No objection having been made, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time,
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABSTRACTION OF PUBLIC SECURITIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
stating that on Saturday night last he was in-
formed. by the voluntary confession of an ofHoer
of his Department, that State bonds held in trust
by the United States Government for certain In-
dian tribes, to the amount of $870,000, had been
abstracted from its custody, and converted to
private use; that the enormity of the fraud de-
manded a full investigation, by a coniimitce of
Crmgiess, into ail the facts and circumstances
which have attended its perpetration. To vindicate
his own honor and integrity, and to expose the
guilty and the derelict, the Seeretaiy f-pp.-aled to
the House to appoint a committee, with full power
to send for persons and papers, and to report
noon the subject.
