194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Briggs and
Babbitt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there is a quorum pres-
ent, ] call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is the object of
going into committee debate, or is it business?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is business.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the object be
business exclusively, I have no objection; other-
wise, I hope the House will adjourn.
. Mr. SHERMAN. No debate will be in order
except upon the consular bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 suggested to the
gentleman from Ohio, when he first made his res-
olution, that an hour should be allowed for gen-
eral discussion. I am very frank to state to the
House that I was desirous to obtain the floor to
speak upon the questions of public interest now
agitating the country. I stand with a very small
band of popular-sovereignty Democrats, and be-
tween the fire of both sides, and I think we ought
to have the opportunity of being heard occasion-
ally.
Objection was made that debate was out of
order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that the House
is evidently disinclined to go to work upon this
consular appropriation bill. There is no urgent
necessity, as the gentleman knows, for passing
that bill to-day. The House is very thin, and!
see no reason why we should not adjourn. I will
therefore move, with the consent of the gentle-
man, that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt we can
pass the consular bill in a little while. I want to
get these formal appropriation bills out of the
way of the pressing business. When the bill is
disposed of, I shall be perfectly willing to ad-
journ.
Mr. CRAWFORD.
Very well; I withdraw
my motion to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use, of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad into and within the
District of Columbia," in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House; also, return-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the House,
the deficiency appropriation bill.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC DILL.
The question was then taken on the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the statu of the Union,
(Mr. John Cochrane in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being a bill (Ii. R. No. Sti-l) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1862.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with; and the Clerk proceeded
to read it by clauses, for amendment.
Mr. QUARLES. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
this appropriation for pay of consuls is in excess
of the estimates, or whether it is in conformity
with them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in conformity with the
estimates, and in conformity with the law. These
are all salaried offices.
Mr. STANTON. I notice here appropriations
for missions to Rome and Sardinia. I had sup-
posed that those Governments had been super-
seded, and the Italian Government substituted in
their place. If that is the case, there is, perhaps,
no occasion for these appropriations. I suppose
the gentleman who has charge of the bill, or the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
understands the matter, and can explain it to the
Mouse.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to my colleague
that the legal noinc of mission to Sardinia was
fixed by law last session, and the amount of our
minister's salary there was also fixed. The do-
minions of Sardinia have been extended over
other countries, but the name of the mission is
unchanged. We struck out the mission to Na-
ples; that is the only change we made. Rome is
still a principality or temporal Power, and we
have a charge there, or a minister. If the House
chooses to dispense with that office, they ought
to change the law.
Mr. STANTON. As a matter of course, when-
ever there are such changes in foreign Govern-
ments as to supersede the necessity of the ap-
pointment of ministers there, I take it for granted
the Executive would desire the appropriations for
ministers to such places to be omitted from the
annual appropriation bill. I do not understand--
though 1 may be mistaken about it—that there is
any temporal Government at Rome left, with
which we can hold diplomatic intercourse. I sup-
pose, also, that Naples and Sardinia are now uni-
ted under one Government, with a new name, and
that both the missions ought not to be retained;
but I am not informed on the subject.
Mr. CORWIN. I am unable to give the gen-
tleman or the House any information on the par-
ticular point to which he refers. 1 only know,
from the general history of the times, that the
temporal power of the Pope has not been taken
away from him by any act of the sovereigns of
Europe or by the accidents of war. I take it for
granted, therefore,until such an arrangement shall
take place in European affairs, that that mission,
whatever it is, remains still to be provided for. I
do not know if what remains of the Governmentof
the United States will have any particular interest
in Papal affairs; but it has heretofore considered
it its duty to send some one in a diplomatic capa-
city to Rome. 1 would suggest to the gentleman,
however, that the money will not be taken from
the Treasury unless there should be scopc re-
maining for that mission amid the convulsions of
Europe; and, therefore, no harm can result from
retaining the appropriation in the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I find, upon page 5 of the
bill, a provision in these words:
<£ For cilauos of the marshals) fot tho consular courts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Tuikoy, $7,000."
It seems to mo that that item might be reduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law of last session—
of June 22, 1860—fixed the compensation of these
marshals; and §7,000 is the amount prescribed by
law. I do not see how the gentleman can reduce
the amount.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would ask the gentle-
man whether that law was a mere appropriation
naming this amount, or whether it was a law fix-
ing the salaries ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not looked at the
law; but I sec by the estimates that the law of
June 22,1860, is referred to. 1 remember the law
very well. It was drawn up at the office of the
Secretary of State. I do not know whether the
salary was fixed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My impression is, that
the amount of salary was not specified in the law;
and J think $1,750 is too much.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by the gen-
tleman who reported the bill that the salaries are
fixed by law, although he has not the law before
him.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Fixed at$1,750apiece? I
wouldask the gentleman fromPennsylvama, [Mr.
Morris,] who reported the bill, if the law of 1860
defines the exact amount that each of these mar-
shals for consular courts shall receive ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. My impres-
sion is that it does.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That bill was amended,
the gentleman will remember, in some particulars.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; that
bill was not amended in any particular.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will state to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, that
i will make no motion in committee in reference
to this matter, if he will agree to an understand-
ing that in case, on reference to the law of 1860,
it shall appear that the amount of salary was not
fixed, we shall have a vote in the House on re-
ducing the item.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
I now move that the committee rise and report
the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under
consideration the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and had directed him to report the
same to the House without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I find that the law of 1860
authorizes the appointment of seven marshals for
consular courts; so that the salary of each is only
$1,000. My impression was that the law author-
ized the appointment of only four.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the House
then proceeded to consider the bill of the House
(No. 862) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending June
30,1862, returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Senate was read and
concurred in, as follows: *
At the end of the hill add the following-
To defray the expenses of the commission appointed
under the eighth section of " An act making applanations
for the support of the Aiiny tor the year ending June 3d,
lb6I," in addition to the amount appiopriated by said act,
§13,050.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FENTON,leave wasgranted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of John Jackson, for the
purpose of reference to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
And then, on motion of Mr. CRAWFORD,
(at two o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until Thursday next.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 27, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to the
Senator that it will be, perhaps, time enough to
adopt that resolution when the Senate shall be
more full.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to with-
drawing the motion for the present, if the Sena-
tor desires it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not know
that I shall make any objection, but there are few
members here. However, it can be reconsidered
if adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be adopted, and recon-
sidered if you will.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 467) granting a pension to Eliza
Reeves, received from the House of Representa-
tives on Monday last, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of John
W. Mason, of New York, praying for indemnity
and compensation for services of the ship Lucy
Thompson, in rescuing: and transporting to New
York one hundred officers and soldiers of the
United States Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. LANE presented the memorial of Dexter
R. Crocker, piaying compensation for transpos-
ing the mail from Canyonville, Oregon, to Yrcka,
California: which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and (Post Roads.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer, for the purpose
of having it printed, an amendment that i intern?
