1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
it is the duty of members to investigate and pass
upon it. If I am ri^ht, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, daring the present
session, placed the appropriation for the purchase
of the "public printing office upon the ground that
the fdiih of this Government was plighted by the
action of Congress. Without indorsing the pro-
priety of that purchase, or anything of that sort,
they considered themselves bound by the previous
action of Congress. What are the facts of this
case? This appropriation of money is as justly
due by the Government of the United States as
anydebtthatitevercreated. Webought,in 1820,
of these Indians, a part of their domain in the
State of Mississippi. In consideration of that
grant, the Government of the United States ceded
absolutely to these Indians all the public domain
west of the Arkansas river, running into New
Mexico.
In 1825 it became necessary to form the bound-
aries of Arkansas, and these Indians were again
required to cede as much land as was necessary,
for that purpose. In 1830 the Government of the
United States wanted to purchase the remaining
lands, and they entered into a treaty with that
view. In 1845, the Indians being anxious to have
their claims settled, the Government of the Uni-
ted States entered into a solemn, specific, clear,
unmistakable treaty with them, by which a mode
was fixed for a settlement. That treaty is now
before me. The question was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Aftairs. In 1855 Mr. Many-
penny, Commissioner of fndian Alfairs, rrpoi ted
a plan of adjudication. The Senate of the Uni-
ted States was made the arbitrator. It chose be-
tween two plans, that is, whether it should pay
the Indians the amount in money for which then-
lands had been sold in Mississippi,orallow them
$1 25 per acre for them. The Senate determined
to pay$] 25. It was then referred to the Auditor
of this Government, and he, after fully sifting it—
after four years' examination—brought in a just
and undisputed claim m favor of the Indians of
over three million dollars against this Govern-
ment. Against this there was no set-ofT Then*
were certain credits to go upon it, for moneys
paid the Chickasaws, with which the Choctaws
ought to be credited. They threw out all th.it, and
there is no dispute that this sum of £1,202,560 85
is due these Indians. There is not a man in the
Senate or in the House of Representatives, no
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, no officer of the
Government, who can lay his hand upon his heart
and say that this money is not due them, under
the solemn award of the Senate of the United
States, made in^accordnnce with the treaty stipu-
lation. 1 challenge any man in this House to say
that this chum wnscvir disputed. Every undis-
puted claim has been laid aside.
These Indians have sent up a memorial to Con-
gress representing that they are in a starving con-
dition, in consequence of the drought of last au-
tumn. This money has been due four years.
The claim is undisputed; the award made in ac-
cordance with a standard which the Government
itself settled; and now we are told by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the Ilou.se of Rep-
rsentativcs that, while they feel themselves bound
by a printed contract, yet they have not4time to
investigate this matter. I protest against it. I
protest against it in the name of that fair fame,
without which no Government has prospered,
and no Government ought to prosper. 1 am as
much in favor of economy as any one; but, when
1 think of those Indians, when 1 read this memo-
rial, when 1 go to the Department and see the re-
port of the Auditor, when I lead, as I have, the
appeals of these Indians, I cannot but hope that
the House will concur in this amendment.
Sir, the Committee on Finance in the Senate
first reported against this claim; but after inves-
tigating it, they took back their report. I appeal
to them, and I appeal to the debate which took
place when they took back their report, to show
that this is a just claim. It is a chum which ap-
peals to our humanity as well as to our justice;
and it is one which should not be put off. These
Indians agree to take the bonds of the Govern-
ment; they do a )t ask money. Thev only ask i
that you shall issue your obligations for what |
your own Auditor, the Commissioner of Indian \
Affairs, and every officer of the Government,
show has been due them for many years past.
I have n© interest in it; I know nothing about it.
The only thing which appeals to me is, that it is
a just-claim, undisputed; and these poor, suffer-
ing people should not be knocking fruitlessly at
the door of this Government, which professes to
be just.
My friend says this claim does not properly
belong to this bill. Now, the title of this bill is,
" A bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the y£ar ending June
30,1862." Why should it not be paid now,and
here? It has been due since 1855, when the treaty
was entered into with these Indians, agreeing to
settlcand to pay. That settlement has been made.
The United States took upon itself whatit had no
right to do—to settle all the terms, the mode and
manner in which the settlement was to be made;
and now, when the officers of the Government
report that thei\e is this amount due, without the
least set-off, without the least drawback, and there
is no dispute about it, we tell them we have not
time to attend to it, although they are suffering
and starving, and although we have had the land,
and have put the money into our Treasury.
I appeal, Mr. Chairman, to this House, not to
let this stigma rest upon the public credit of our
Government.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will say to the House
that if this matter were allowed to go over, I doubt
very much whether half a dozen members, not
acquainted with the Indian department of the
Government, would be any better informed in re-
gard to the character of thisclaim. I will go into
no details; but I ask the House not to put this
amendment aside upon the objection that itought
not to have been attac.hcd to this appropriation
bill. There is no doubt of the justness of this
claim; and the only reason the Committee on
Indian Affairs did not urge it last session was the
condition of the Treasury. Now, however, we
cannot be indifferent to the appeals which come
to us from those Indians, in reference to their suf-
fering condition.
I will not detain the House by going into any
details of the claim. It is admitted, so far as the
Government is concerned. It is res adjudicuta,
and it isjust as binding upon the Government as
any sentence that can be rendered by the judicial
department of the Government. It has passed
through all the forms of law. The Indians have
not been represented. The Government have had
it in their own hands. And now, at this time,
when this amount is necessary to them for their
very existence, I do hope the condition ot the
Troasuiy will not be urged as an objection to
doing that which humanity, as well as law and
justice, requnes. If Congress intend ever to pay
this debt, or any portion of it, certainly at this
juncture of time, this icasonable amount, this un-
disputed amount, ou«_>,ht to be paid, or some pro-
vision made by winch the Indians can realize it,
or the piocecds thereof, to save their existence.
I repeat, that if this claim goes over to the next
Congress, or for ten years, yet the House will
necessarily be compelled to rest upon the state-
ments ofgentlemen who have had time to examine
it. It is a complicated matter. It was referred
to commissioners to award it. and this claim may
be considered as unquestionable. It may ho said
to he a claim made by the Government against
itself at a time when the Indians may bo said not
to have been represented atail. It was expressly
provided in the treaty, that the awaid of the Sen-
ate should be final. It is final; it is a judgment;
and 1 appeal to the House to pay at least this por-
tion of the debt which is clearly unquestionable.
The amount of the claim is much latgei than
this; but this amendment provides for the pay-
ment of §1,202,500 85. That item is not ques-
tioned at all. The amendment of the Senate also
provides that:
In lieu of making such payments in money, the Secre
tary of the Treasury may, at his discietion, i^ur to the
Choctaw--, on their requisition a^ aforesaid, certificates of
btoeli m the name of the lJuaed Status, bedum; uueiest at
the iat<  of six pT centum pei annum, pajahle "-run-an-
nually at the Tiea<uiyor the United SlUc-; .-aid eeitifi-
eates to be ledeennble in ten yeais or sooner, at th'1 pleas-
ure ol the Pie^uient of the United State.-*, and to tie trans-
ferable by the psoper authouues of the Choctaw nation in
such form as the Seeretaty of the Treasury shall pic^cnbe.
It does not take a dollar out of the Treasury.
It enables the Indiana, however, to avail them-
selves of the amoun*
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the House will not
adopt so important an amendment as this upon
so little information. This amendment, unques-
tionably, is improperly put upon this bill. It is
there, at least, in violation of the rules of one
Htfusc. The case put by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] is not a parallel one.
That was a case where Congress directed the offi-
cers of Congress to purchase property, subject,
however, to the decision of the committees of both
Houses. The committees of both Houses as-
sented to the purchase; and we had nothing to do
with the matter at all, except to appropriate the
money to carry into execution that purchase.
It is not a parallel case to this. This is an old
claim. There are a thousand disputed facts con-
nected with it. It was impossible for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to look into those
facts. There have been reports for and against
the claim. It is a matter which would require the
attention of a good lawyer a long time. Indeed,
a Senator told me that if I was to sit down and
carefully examine the papers, he thought in fifty
hours 1 might begin to know something about"it.
It was, therefore, impossible for the Committee
of Ways and Means to consider the claim. I
think it ought to stand upon its own merits, and
oiurht not to be attached to an appropriation bill.
If the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etiie-
rjdge,] the chairman of the Committee on Indian
AiFairs, will bring m a bill so that it may be con-
sidered as the Oregon and Washington war debt
bill was considered, and it passes, I have no ob-
jection; but it seems to me that, to pass this im-
portant amendment at this stage of the session,
without further consideration, would be toassume
a very grave responsibility.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If this matter had not
already been adjudicated, certainly the objection
taken by the gentleman from Ohio could be well
taken; but this matter has been referred and
referred, and adjudicated over and over again;
and if we were to bring in fifty bills, and ask the
House to investigate the claim, it never would be
investigated, and gentlemen would never be bet-
ter prepared to vote upon it than they are now.
I hold that where the matter has been adjudicated
au^ the amount ascerfaiti-ed, and the treaty pro-
vides that that adjudication shall be final, this
House has no discretion but to pay the amount
found to be due.
Mr. STEVENSON. One word to my friend
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. Let me say to him that this
is an award. The Government of the United
States agreed to refer the matter to the Senate of
the United States, and to pay whatever the Sen-
ate of the United States should award. Now,
why should not we pay it? We still have unad-
justed claims with these Indians. I admit that
there are a good many disputed balances. But
my friend cannot say that any part of the amount
provided for here is disputed, All the disputed
items are tin own out. The award of the Senate
amounts to over thiee million dollars, but this was
agreed to be put in because there was no dispute
about it. The Senate was the arbitrator. JTho
Government of the United Slates made the follow-
ing agreement in the treaty:
<kaitt. it The Gove} innciif of the United States, not be-
niir prepared to a^eut to the claim «et up under the treaty of
Septeinbci 2't j 1830, and so earnestly contended tor by the
Choctaw* as a rule of settlement, but justly appreciating
the f-iieiifiees, fatthiwl services, and genetal good conduct
oi the Choctaw people*, and being desirous that their rights
and claims against the United States shall icccivi' a jn^t,
fan, and hbeial eon^ideiation. it is therefore stipulated that
the tollowing questions be submitted for adjudication to the
Senate of the United States :
<-Fir-t. \V bethel the Choctaw* are entitled to, or shall be
allowed, the proceeds of the sale ot the lands- cycled by them
to the United States by the treaty of Septcmbci 27, 1**30,
deducting therefioin the co-t of their t-ui vey and b.iie, and
ail jn-st and piopcr expendituies. and pajntcnt-? tmd"r the
p!0vi<Kms of j-aid treaty; and if so, what pi ice pfi (icie shall
tie allowed to the Ciioctaws 'or the land remaining unsold,
ni older that a final settlement with them may be promptly
elfecied; oi—
''Second. Whether the Choctaws fchall be allowed a
gios<! Mini in futthet and full satisfaction of all their claims,
national :iik! individual, against the United States ; and if
so-, how much
The twelfth article of the treaty contained this
clause:
It being expressly understood that the adjudication and
decision ot the Senate shall be luial."
The Senate chose. "They could say how it
should be paid. They could pay either a gross
