1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
Bum or so much per acrc. They chose the latter.
They had their auditors; the Indians were riot
represented. The Government admits that this
sum is due beyond all dispute. The Senate ha\e
closed the matter by saying1, whatever we agree to
pay you must take as final; and now, when starv-
ation is staling them m the face, are we to refuse
to pay them -
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out the following proviso to the amendment of
the Senate:
44 Provided, That the question whether the undetermined
balance, not now appropnated, of S1,KK).U00 of the sum
repoitcd by the Committee on Indian Allans as due the.
Choctaw:* under the tieary and aw.ud aioictiiid, i* a leyii-
itnate chiuqc against the Choc taws by the torms'ot the said
award, be reserved i'oi the tutuie decision of the Senate."
My purpose, Mr. Chan man, i>s simply to get
rid, if the residue of the amendment should be
concurred in, of the recognition of the Senate as
a binding authority to determine hereafter how
much we aie to pay to these Indians. That is
my unly purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I am some-
what unwell, and do not feel prepared to enter
into the discussion of this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he had better yield for a motion that the com-
mittee nse.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit that, motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and, the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, accorumg to ordei, had under consideration
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian ap-
propriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr, GUULEY. 1 submit the following reso-
lution 
Mr. BURNETT I move that the House uo
now adjouin.
Mr. GROW. Have you objection to having
an evening session for the purpost of debate ?
Mr. BURNETT, it there are any gentUmen
who desire to speak this evening, 1 have no ob-
jection.
Mr. GROW. There are one or two gentlemen
who wsh to speak.
Mr. BURNETT. I modify my motion,to meet
the views of the gentleman.
The motion was agreed to; and the House, ac-
cordingly, (at five o'clock, p. m.,) took a recess
until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, (Mr.
Aldrich occupying tin' chair as Speaker p/ o tem-
pore..) and resinned the consideration of tile special
order, being the reportof the committee of thirty-
three upon the present condition of the country.
Mr. GOOCH addiesscd the House on the state
of the Union. [His speech will be published in
the Appendix.1
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, I blush to r;ce
the record of our proceedings on this question
which now agitates the country. They resemble
the advertisements of patent medicines—each man
adjuring you to give his nostrums only a fair trial.
Gentlemen do not seem to reflect that the disease
is of a character which only requires time, delib-
eration, and a fnm but mild treatment with the
medicines which the doctors of our Constitution
and liberties advertised to the world three fomths
of a century ago; or it is one that all your pallia-
tives will m vain exert their effects to restore hca<th
and vigor and soundness to the body-politic.
The great founders of the nation fomvd our
Constitution in the maxims of equality and jus-
tice; and they adopted the scheme of determining
political disputes, and the character of admmis- :
traUon by popular majorities as the peculiar dis- ;
tmction of our ftee institutions, and the security j
of the freedom which they made the substratum I
of government. The danger now lurking in our
pathway arises from a misapplication of the true
democratic principles which aie foiever associ-
ated with the illustrious frarners of the Constitu-
tion: and whenever the majority of the people
shall be unfaithful to the precepts and genius of
these principles, their danger is imminent, the
peril is great, and all true patriots will hove cause
for the deepest anxiety for the fate of civilization,
social and political, m our once proud and boasted
Union.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that a permanent dis-
ruption of this Union will inevitably follow un-
less something is clone, and done quickly; some
compromise or some concession, on the part of the
North, is made. I know, sir, that, in most coun-
tries, the science of governing, to a great extent,
is the practice of expedients; and it is true with
us that there may be, and should b<* sometimes,
a variance between the theories and practical ac-
tion of legislators and rulers. But, 1 ask if any
gentleman can give me the assurance that, in
yieldingagain by adopting some of these schemes,
beyond we shall have living peace and the un-
broken march of advancing freedom? Oh, no'
Your pledge would be deceptive, and all your
promises " turn to ashes on the lips" of the
future.
A just nation, Mr. Speaker, like a just man,
must live by the landmarks of its faith, and the
virtues ofeaily and constant uprightness.
But suppose, sir, in the case before us, which
threatens the existence of the Government, that
something should be done, and that something
could be done, noL to fetterorcireumscnbe liberty
in the present, or in the ages heieafter; is it not
better—more in accordancc with the spirit and
genius of our institutions—to first establish the
great truth that the Constitution, framed by our
fathers in the spmt of liberty, and the Union of
the Slates,cemented by then*patriotism and blood,
and the enforcement of the laws, instituted for the
peaceful woiking and perpetuation of our institu-
tions, are permanent and indi structible realities,
except the people—the source of all power—un-
der and within the forms prescribed in the Con-
stitution, decree a change?
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that a Govern-
ment, or a Union, maintained by concession, m
the face of rebellion and at its demand, suffers
demoralization—soon losing the power to enforce
itself; and in theend.as the vaued pretexts arise,
must foil a wreck to ihe mad schemes or open vio-
lence of faction, rebellion, or treason. We are
not left to conjecture ay to what now confronts
us. Six States in open rebellion, in the spirit of
avowed enemies (hey have seized the public prop-
erty; they have contemptuously spurned the pub-
lic authority; converted oui Government defenses
into blockades for the conspirators; they have
robbed our Tieasury, plundcied our mints, and
refused to pay over the public revenue.
Mr. Speaker, with treason in these contuma-
cious Suites—treason, by men who are sworn to
support the Constitution, in the Executive Depart-
ments of the Governmentand in the Ilalls of Con-
gress, we talk about compromise. I do not hesi-
tate m the course I shall pursue; and in this I
shall disappoint no just expectation of those that
sent me heie. Sir, i cannot consent that slavery
shall receive any new or additional guaiantees. I
would not purchase the allegiance of the South;
and especially would I not by the unconditional
or gradual surrender of all we fought for in the
last campaign. In other woids, I will not con-
sent to the settlement of the present dispute on
terms which give .slavery any better footing, or
greater security, than it lias now All thatithas,
and all the guarantees that it is justly entitled to,
myself and the people I represent will faithfully
observe; but no action of mine shall be diiected
ag \inst that political prop ess which the spirit of
our system was intended to foster and promote,
and u inch to-day, in the free North, is illustrated
by the wealth, the intelligence, the industry and
invention, the love of equal liberty and of equal
laws, of her citizens.
And yet. Mr. Speaker, I meet this alarming pos-
ture of ournational affairs m no spirit of bravado
or intimidation, but with generous and conciliatory
message and intent; and therefore, while opposing
all the plans of adjustment and compromise that
have been submitted to this House as misplaced
in point ot time, and misciue\ous in piinciple, I
have not thought it improper or unwise that del-
egates fioin tiie people, elected upon the issues
and questions that now disturb the peace of the
country, should ossemble in convention, in the
mode prescribed m the Constitution; and then,
if possible, compose and adjust our troubles. In
tins spirit, and with this end in view, I proposed
a substitute (now before this House) for all the
pending measures of the committee of thirty-three,
as follows:
Whereas the Constitution prescribes in article five that
" the Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-
stitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two
thirds oi the several States, shall eall a convention for pro-
posits; amendments, which, ui either ea^e, shall he valid,
to all intents ami purposes, as pan of this Constitution,
when ratified by tt^e Legislatures of threfr fourths of rhe
several or by convention hi {liiee fonnli> thereof;"
ami whereas vaned and contacting opinion* prevail aiming
the member* of tin* House in regard to the causes which
have produced the unhappy di>tutbanees now afflicting our
countiy, and in regard to the proper mode of quieting and
adjusting these disturbances, and guarding against their
future recurrence: Therefore,
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this House, the proper
tribunal to which all cxisting#disturbing questions should
be referred fordelibeiate consideration and final settlement
is a convention of delegates from the several States of the
Union, to be called in the mode prescribed in the Consti-
tution.
Tothisall can agree: those opposed to all com-
promise or change, and those in favor; those from
the border slave States, and those from the free
States; and then, if, at last, we shall not agree to
live in union and fraternity, as our fathers in-
tended, and as all patriots now desire, the people
of the North, with the same stern and irresistible
principle which has reared the civilization and
love of liberty of eighteen million freemen, can
prepare for the alternatives of separation by peace-
ful negotiation, or union by the force of arms.
For m?, the Constitution is sufficient as it is, and
I would make no change in any of its sacred parts.
Others may think differently; and will not ail wait
and see what the people say?
Messrs. HASKIN, BLAIR, and KELLOGG
of Michigan, next addressed the House. [Then-
speeches will be published in the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Michigan,) at nine o'clock and thirty-five minutes,
p. m.,) the House adjourned until Monday next,
at ten o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 2o, 1861
Pnyer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlet.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
Saturday last.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is a spe-
cial order for half past eleven o'clock to-day, and
it will take a long time to read that Journal. f
presume nobody is attending to it. We are com-
pelled to trust to the accuracy of the Secretary of
the Senate and his officers to make up that record,
and the Presiding Officer is compelled to examine
it before he himself signs it, I believe; and I there-
fore suggest and move that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
dispense with the further reading of the Journal.
The Chair hears no objection.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
credentials of Hon. Chari.es B. Mitciiel, elected
a Senator by the Legislature of the State of Ark-
ansas, for the term of six years, commencing on
the 4th day of March, 1861; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 777) for the relief of William
Hayme, admimstiator of Ann Haynie, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
OREGON T7AR DEBT.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passtd the bill of the Senate (No. 11)
to provide for the payment of expenses incurred
by the Territories of Washington and Oregon in
the suppression of Indian hostilities therein in the
years 1855and 1856, with amendments; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator allow me a mo-
ment? I desire to know if action can now betaken
on the bill which has just been returned from tho
House of Representatives. It is the Senate bill
to provide for the payment of expenses incurred
by the Territories of Washington and Oregon in
the suppression of Indian hostilities therein in
the years 1855 and 1856. The House of Repre-
sentatives have struck out the Senate bill and in-
serted an amendment. 1 should like to have some
time fixed for its consideration, and that very
