n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
soon. If it is in order, I should like to make a
motion 
The VICEPRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Arkansas yields the floor to the Senator from
Oregon, he can make any motion he desires.
Mr LANE. Then 1 move that some time he
fix fid when we can liave action on the House
amendment to the Senate bill—say to-day at three
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope there will be no
time fixed particularly to-day, because at twelve
o'clock 1 shall move to take up the civil appro-
priation bill.
Mr. LANE. Then I propose half past eleven
o'clock to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the Territories of
Washington and Oregon in the suppression of
Indian hostilities therein in the years 1855 and
1856, be made the special order for to-morrow
morning at half-past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. B1GLER presented a memorial of citizens
of Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying/or the
speedy adoption of such measures as are substan-
tially embraced by the resolutions of Hon. Mr.
Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Jef-
ferson county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of the compromise measuies proposed
by Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizensofWest
Alexander, Pennsylvania, in favor of the compro-
mise proposed by Hon. Mr. Crittenden or the
Representatives of the border States; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a series of resolutions, unan-
imously adopted at the Democratic State conven-
tion, held at Harnsburg, Pennsylvania, on the
22d instant, deprecating the use of coercive meas-
ures against any of the southern Slates, approv-
ing of the conciliatory overtures of the southern
border States, and declaring their hearty concur-
rence m all reasonable and constitutional meas-
ures for the preservation of the Union, consist-
ently with the rights of all the States; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr SUMNER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Haverhill, Massachusetts, icpresenting
that they are loyal to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and in favoi of the administration of
the Federal Government in accordance with con-
stitutional provisions and the spirit and intentions
of its framers; and believing that the Constitution
should be obeyed rather than amended, they are
opposed to all constitutional amendments or com-
promises by which slavery shall receive new
guarantees or be extended into territory now free,
and petition Congress not to adopt any measures
by which the system of American slavery shall
be extended and protected m the Territoi ics now
belonging to, or that may hereafter be acquired
by, the United States; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
State of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
passage of any act of Congress, or any amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
which shall extend human servitude or give it new
guarantees—" what our fathers would not grant
to their companions and fellow-sufferers, in the
Revolution, we hope their sons will not grant to
the present holders of slaves;" which was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a memorial, also from
citizensofMassachusetts, in which they call upon
Congress to enact by law, that no person, black
or white, male or female, shall be reduced to a
condition of slavery or involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime, by the laws of
any one of the States or Territories, belonging
thereto, or by any person or persons residing
therein; and that all persons so held, be declared
free and independent citizens. I offer this memo-
rial, sir, because I deem it my duty to offer all
memorials that are respectful in form, when sent
to me; but in offering it, I take this occasion to
declare most explicitly, that I do not think that
Congress has any right to interfere with slavery
in a State. I slsk that the memorial lie on the
table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. TEN EYCIC presented a petition of citi-
zens of Bordentown, New Jersey, without distinc-
tion of party, praying Congress to stand firm for
the Union, the Constitution as it is, and the en-
forcement of all the laws; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
Market, New Jersey, setting forth that it is not
only incompatible with honor and patriotism, but
cowardly and base, for Republicans to surrender,
under the pressure of secession and secession
threats; that they have done no wrong, but have
in the last election succeeded, by constitutional
means, by addressing the enlightened reason and
conscience of the people, in view of long years of
misrule and rapacity of a corrupt party and Ad-
ministration; and that it is incumbent upon all
good citizens to maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and the laws. They recommend to
their Senators and Representatives in Congress,
and all others in authority, to stand by the Con-
stitution as it is and the Government of the coun-
try, and to make no compromise whatever. The
petition was oidered to he on the table.
Mi. GREEN presented a memorial of inhab-
itants of Dakota, praying Congress to grant them
such a territorial organization as will, without
embodyingtherontested provisionsofthe Wilmot
proviso, enable them to enjoy in peace the fruits
of their labor, and to feel the protecting hand of
authority; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a petition of six
hundred and fifty-two legal voters of the county
of Laporte, in the State of Indiana, representing
that strenuous efforts have been made in thait
county to procure a false representation of the
sentiments of the people by circulating petitions
favorable to what is generally known as the Critten-
den propositions. These petitioners,six hundred
and fifty-two in number, legal voters, represent
that they are attached to the Constitution and the
Union, and are willing to redeem all the pledges
of American citizens for the enforcement of the
laws, and opposed to any compromise with par-
ties who are in hostility to the Government. I
move that the petition be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS I?II0ML COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
626) for the relief of Stephen F. Willis, reported
it without amendment.
Mr, DURKEE. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 101)
granting an invalid pension to John Purrell, have
instiucted me to report it without amendment,
and ask its immediate passage. It is only four
dollars a month; a very meritorious case.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of Anne M. Smith, widow of General
Persifer F. Smith, praying compensation for the
collection and disbursement of public moneys by
her laie husband, while he was in command of
the military division of the Pacific, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 569) for the
relief of Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of General
Persifer F. Smith.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 896) for the relief of D. D. Har-
rill, reported it without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I ask leave to present informally
an amendment which I shall submit to the amend-
ment to the post route bill, offered by the Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] on Saturday last;
and ] ask that it may be printed, in order that,
when it comes up, 1 may move it.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. DURKEE. I move that William J. Sears ,
be permitted to withdraw his petition for a pen-
sion, and the papers accompanying the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been an
adverse report?
Mr. DURKEE. I think there has been.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if there be unan-
imous consent, then, the order will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There ought to be some
reason given, if there is an adverse report.
Mr. DURKEE. The reason h'e assigns is, that
he has other testimony which he wants to add to
that which has been already submitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the rule ought not
to allow papers to be withdrawn when there is an
adverse report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule does not;
but it can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to inter-
pose objection. I only call the attention of the
Senate to it.
Leave was granted.
Mr. LANE. I desire permission to withdraw
the papers of John Carter applying for a pension
His papers were sent to the Committee on Pen-
sions at the last session. His papers are import-
ant to him. He has lost an arm in the scrvice;
he is unable to woik, and the papers are of con-
sequence to nobody else. In fact, the letters from
his commanding officers were very handsome. He
now desires to withdraw the papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the order will be made The Chair hears
no objection.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary,an-
nounced that the Presidentapproved and signed,
on the 23d instant, a bill (S. No. 345) for the re-
lief of Mary Walbach, widow of the late brevet
Brigadier General John DeB. Walbach, of the.-
United States Army.
DES MOINES GRANT.
Mr. LANE. I desire to withdraw the motion
I made a day or two ago, to reconsider the vote
on the passage of thejoint resolution (H. R. No.
70) to quit title to lands in the State of Iowa. I
examined the case pretty thoroughly, and I have
given attention to it since I made the motion to
reconsider. There is only one thing in the world
that could induce me to go for it, and that is for
the protection of settlers. I withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to withdraw the motion to recon-
sider. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe that the vote on the
passage of the bill was reconsidered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas,and others. No*
Mr. GRIMES. Then the bill is passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes.
LAND LAWS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have called
up twice before arcsolutu n with which I was in-
trusted from the Committee on Public Lands
during the last session. I have each time con-
sented, on the earnest request of Senators, that it
should be laid over, so that they might have an
opportunity to examine it. It is in regard to a
digest of laws that is of necessity and great utility
to the officers of the Government. 1 will read a
letter of the Secretary of the Interior; and then the
Senate can act on it as they think proper. The
letter is very short. Being called on by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands for information in regard
to the propriety of a resolution which was offered
and adopted here instructing the committee to in-
quire into the necessity or propriety of purchasing
what are called Lester's Land Laws, Decisions,
(fee., the Secretary mnde this reply:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, June 4, I860.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the reference of
Senate joint resolution No. 39, inclosed with your letter of
the 1st instant, asking the views eff this Department thereon.
In reply, i have the honor to state that " Letter's Land
Laws, Decisions," Stc., to which the resolution relates, has
been in use in this Department, to a limited extent, for a
month past, and is found to be very valuable for convenient
reference to laws and decisions i elating to lands, pensions,
military bounty, scrip, and other matters of departmental
fcupei vis-ion and action. The book is well arranged ; and&o
far as it has been tested, has been found to be complete. I
regard it as almost indispensable for all the officers m tlie
land and pension service to have each a copy j and am of
