1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
is,
1°
nin
ji
praying that the bond of this Union may be
broken; and for another reason: they know that
the time will come, in the progress of pop-
ulation—and the time is coming with as much
certainty as the revolutions of the earth—that the
slave population in some of these States shall
become so preponderating in numbers and phys-
ical power that it can no longer be held in sub-
jection to their masters—that by the bond of the
Union under which we live the arm of the Fed-
eral Government may be called in to put down
insurrection; and it is because they believe that,
if this bond were broken, the strong arm of the
Federal Government could no longer be brought
in to hold the peace and security of those States,
that they desire that it should be broken.
They desire it upon two grounds: first, to com-
pel the slaves to be withdrawn from the border
States by easy and constant escapes, and by re-
moval into the southern slave States; and when
the whole mass of negro slaves shall be collect-
ed together in great numbers in those States;
and when the bond of Union shall be broken,
and the Federal Government can no longer be
brought in to put down insurrection, they then
hope to see immediate emancipation in the slave
States with all the consequences which would fol-
low. They are as anxious for the dissolution of
the Union as many of the extremists upon the
GulfofMexico. And, Mr. President, while I can-
not believe that those residing in the Gulf States
desire to accomplish any such purpose, I cannot
for my life see, and I do not know, what course
they could pursue which would be anymore likely
to bring about that result than to break up this
Union of States, and to overturn this Constitu-
tion.
Sir, it was in view of this that our present min-
ister to France, in speaking of the institution of
slavery in the Legislature of Virginia, declared
that it had "a magnitude of desolating power
compared with which, if the Federal Union should
be broken, the pestilence that walketh in dark-
ness and the destruction that wasteth at noonday
would be a blessing." This declaration was made
saortly after the Southampton insurrection, by
which all Virginia was startled, in her Legislature
not long after that insurrection occurred. Then
it was that he said that if the bond of the Federal
Union should be broken, the institution of slavery
would have such a magnitude of desolating power.
1 tell you, Mr. President, that these Abolitionists
oMie Garrison school of the North are to-day
as anxious to break up the Union as the men in
the extreme cotton States, or in South Carolina.
Mr. President, there is one other subject-mat-
ter upon which I desire to detain the Senate a
short time, and 1 shall have done. The Consti-
tution of the United States adopted by the original
thirteen States, and which has become the Consti-
tution of other States as admitted into the Union,
is, so far as it speaks in delegating power to this
~ overnment, the supreme law of the land, any-
'ng in any State law or constitution to the con-
uury notwithstanding. In all other matters per-
fect independence and sovereignty are reserved to
the several States. Every citizen of the United
States, therefore, owes a "double allegiance; one
to this Federal Government, and another to the
State in which he lives. He may be guilty of
treason against either; he may be guilty of treason
against both; but within their spheres each gov-
ernment is sovereign and supreme. If Congress
steps beyond the powers delegated by the Con-
stitution, to enact any law, it is absolutely void.
If the State should step beyond the Constitution
of the United States, which limits the power of
the States to enact a law in conflict with it, it is
simply unconstitutional, null and void.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like just at this
point to ask a question of the Senator from Wis-
consin, if I do not disturb the course of his argu-
ment. If he prefers going on I will not ask it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the Senator
to say that every citizen of the United States owes
a double allegiance; one to the Federal Govern-
ment, the other to his State; and that he may be
guilty of treason to either, or to both. Am I
correct jn that >
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes. sir-
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then 1 wish to ask the
gentleman from Wisconsin if, in his opinion,
under that form of government, a citizen can b'e
placed, by a conflict between these two Govern-
ments, in a position where he must of necessity
be guilty of treason to the one or the other, and
therefore be bound to be hung anyway?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; he ■cannot; for
if the State declares that to be treason which by
the Constitution of the United States is void, as
being in conflict with it, it is no treason; for the
Constitution of the United States is the funda-
mental law of your State, and any act or declara-
tion making it treason to do an act which is in
conflict with the Constitution of the United States,
cannot be made treason by the State, although
they may declare it so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If they declare it so, and
hang the citizen because they doclareit so>, I should
like to know what advantage it would bo to him
that in theory the decision was wrong?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The citizen must judge
at his peril. If a law is enacted by Congress
which is within the Constitution of the United
States, the citizen will judge at his peril; and if
he undertakes to break up the Government of
the United States, and to be guilty of treason
against the Government of the United States, any
act which the State may declare in conflict with
it is simply unconstitutional, null, and void.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proposition I put to
the Senator is this: as a practicol proposition, if
the citizen of a State is, by the action of his State,
which ho cannot control, commanded to do a cer-
tain thing under the. penalty of being hanged un-
der the law of the State; and if that thing is treason
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, is it possible, under the law of nations,
and under the common sentiments of humanity
that govern mankind,for the Federal Government
to undertake to act upon the individual who is
placed under duress to commit treason, instead of
first relieving him from that duress by making
war upon the State ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If one of the citizens of
Wisconsin (and, sir, I am sorry to be compelled
to state that such things have occurred in some
of the southern States) is taken by a mob and
hanged, what remedy has he?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not speakingof mobs;
I am speaking of constituted governments. If
the government of a State undertakes to hang a
citizen for refusing to obey certain orders, and if
the Government of the United States, acting, as
it says, upon the individual, and not upon the
State, hangs him if he does obey it, I ask if that
is a position to which the gentleman supposes the
fathers consented that a citizen should be placed
in when the Constitution was framed?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the man is to be hung
if he does the act and to be liutig if he does not,
undoubtedly, so far as he is concerned, it will
make no great difference, [laughter;] but, as a
question of law, if he does an act which is treason
against the United States, and is compelled to do
that act by a law of the State, the State law is
void, because it is in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then would the hanging
be void? [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The hanging would be a
certainty, [laughter;] it would not be void for un-
certainty. I say, Mr. President, that where the
Constitution of the United States speaks in lan-
guage clear enough to delegate power to this Gov-
ernment, it, is not in the power of one, ten, one
hundred, or all the citizens of a State, any more
than it is in the power of a mob led on by Judge
Lynch, to annul that act of Congress; because the
Constitution and the acts in pursuance of it are
the supreme law of that State, and binding on
every citizen and upon all the citizens in that
State, and every citizen must, of course, act at his
peril.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not disturb the Sen-
ator further in the course of his argument, but I
will take occasion to answer him wheli I get the
floor m my turn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this doctrine is true,
that a State, by its own mere motion, without the
consent of the other States, can assemble jn con-
vention, by mass meetings of its citizens or other-
wise, and by resolution dissolve its connection
with the Federal Government, absolve its citi-
zens from their allegiance, and put an end to
the supremacy of the Cnnsiitution and laws of
the United States, several other consequences will
follow. If one State can secede from all the rest,
I suppose the Senator from Louisiana will "t>'ot
deny that all the rest can sccede from ofK!,"niiiJ,
of necessity, that gives to this Government the
power to expel a State. Tlie ri&ht Jof secession
involves the right of expulsion. Let us go a'step
further 
Me. BENJAMIN, Does the Senator desire an
answer? ' •
■Mr. DOOLITTLE. It may interrupt the
course of ray argument.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I thought you were wh-
ins for an answer. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; I was looking at
my notes.
Mr. President, how would this doctrine operate
in timQ of war? In the war of 1812, with Great
Britain, some of the New England States, it is
said, were rather disaffected toward the Govern-
ment of the United States, and some of their citi-
zens met in a convention at Hartford. At such a
moment, when actually at war with Great Britain,
if the doctrine of the gentleman is correct that
secession is a constitutional right, that the citi-
zens of a State can resolve themselves in or opt
at their pleasure, the people of Massachusetts
could have resolved themselves out of the Union,
and gone over to the enemy, without treason.
Our fortresses in Boston harbor, built with our
money, manned with our soldiers, and mounted
with our guns, might, by a resolution passed by a
Massachusetts convention, have been withdrawn
from our jurisdiction, and surrendered to the
enemy—ay, our own guns turned upon us. That
would indeed be constitutional secession with a
vengeance^
Again: the doctrine that each State may con-
stitutionally seccde, and become to all the rest a
foreign Power, would open the United States to
become the theater of all the intriguee of foreign
Powers, like the petty principalities upon the Eu-
ropean continent. " No State can enter into any
treaty, alliance, or confederation," nor "enter
into any agreement or compact with another State,
or with a foreign Power, "is the express language
of the Constitution; and any such alliance or com-
pact on the part of the State would be null and
void, and, on the part of any foreign Power, an
act of war.
But again, sir, take it, in time of peace; apply
your doctrine to Pennsylvania and New Jersey;
that they, by a simple resolution of their people,
can withdraw from the United States of America.
Why, sir, they would cut oft'all your great mail
routes North, and you could not go by land from
Virginia to New York without going through a
foreign country. So, too, with Illinois. If this
doctrine is correct, a mere resolution of the citi-
zens of Illinois can make that a foreign State, and
cut off entirely the Northwest from communica-
tion with the East by land; and we must ask
leave of Illinois to go to New Yorjt, or to New
England, to Ohio or to Indiana, unless we go down
around through the States of Missouri and Ken-
tucky; and you propose to make that a foreign
jurisdiction also. Where does this absurd doctrine
end ? #
But go a little further. Take the State of Flor-
ida, a little State down on the Gulf, with about
fifty thousand white inhabitants, almost as many
as there arc in some counties in the State in which
I live. Look at Florida. Wo purchased this
peninsula, and gave $5,000,000 for it. What for?
To get rid of a foreign jurisdiction over it; to get
rid of Spain; to get also possession of the keys,
and to protect an entrance for our commerce into
the Gulf of Mexico. We have spent $35,000,000
to take away the Seminoles. ' Now these fifty
thousand people whom the good citizens of these
United States under their laws have permitted
to settle there, and with hardly half population
enough for a Representative to be admitted as one
of the States of this Union in full fellowship—
Florida, for whom we have expended so much
blood and treasure, the most favored, petted,
weakest little sister, puts on great airs now, and
assumes that by a mere resolution of her people
gathering together in convention, she can resolve
herself outof the jurisdiction of the United States,
take all our fortresses, upon which, as a part ot
our great national defenses, we have spent liun-
dredsof thousands, seize our own guns, and turn
them against lis, to enforce her doctrine of const! •
tutional, peaceable secession.
