1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
any benefit in the execution of the laws, will only_
tend to exasperate and excite the sentiment in dif-
ferent sections of the country, and what the end
is to be is not for mc now to say. I shall offer
this amendment after the one now pending shall
have been disposed of.
Mr. MASON. The object of this bill is to give
power to the Postmaster General to discontinue
the postal service of the country upon certain con-
tingencies, which are set out m the bill. The first
is, " whenever, in the opinion of the Postmaster
General, the postal service cannot be safely con-
tinued." Another is, "or the Post Office revenues
collected;" and another, "or the postal laws
maintained, or the contents of the mails preserved
inviolate till delivered to the proper address."
These are the contingencies; and then the bill pro-
vides that this power shall not be cxercisedby the
Postmaster General unless these contingencies
have arisen "by reason of any insurrection or
resistance to the laws of the United States." The
amendment of the Senator from Indiana proposes
to strike out these words: {{by reason of any in-
surrection or i-esistance to the laws of the United
States," and to insert in Ucu of them, "by reason
of any refusal to acknowledge the laws of the
United States." The Senator from Delaware
proposes to substitute for that, a provision that
the power shall be exercised in the contingencies
mentioned, when these contingencies may arise,
"from any cause whatsoever,"
We all know that a condition of things, charac-
terized by different sections of the country in a
different manner, has arisen in the southern por-
tion of the continent, which makes it proper that
the postal service of the United States there should
be discontinued; and I will agree for one that the
contingencies set out here are properly set out;
at least I will not cavil abont it; but I object that
the reason assigned for it shall be "by reason of
any insurrection or resistance to the laws of the
United States." Sir, this word "insurrection"
isunknowmto the Constitution. There is no such
word in 'the Constitution which authorizes the
Federal Government to interfere cither actively or
passively; and 1 protest against any power being
assumed on the part of the Federal Government,
on the charge that there exists a state of things
in any of those States, which were States of the
Union, unknown to the Constitution; for the word
"insurrection" is not there. The Constitution
provides that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican lbim of government, and &hall protect
cach of them against invasion."
It may interfere in the States in the cases pre-
scribed by the Constitution, in case of invasion—
—and on application of the Legislature, or of the Execu-
tive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,) agam^t
domestic violence."
That is the language of the Constitution. Now,
sir, I demand to know under what authority the
Federal Government is invoked, as the bill imports,
within the limits of a State, because of an alleged
insurrection. What is an insurrection? What
right have the Congress of the United States to
interpose Federal power in a case not provided
for in the Constitution?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Virginia will allow mc, I will refer him to
one clause of the Constitution he has not read,
where it says expressly that—
" Conzrcss shall have powei to piovide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the United States, sup-
press insiuiecuons, and repel invasion."
Mr. MASON. I remember the clause; will the
Senator give me a reference to it ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is on page 36, of the
book before'me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The morning hour havingexpired,
it is the duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of Saturday, Rouse bill No. 865, being
an act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30, 1862.
Mr. WADE. I move to suspend that order
and continue this bill. It seems to me there is a
great deal of unnecessary criticism upon this bill,
under the apprehension that it assumes that there
is a certain state of things existing in the country.
I do not understand the bill as assuming any such
thing—■—•
Mr. MASON. I presume I have the floor.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. I was going to state
that so far as I am concerned, I have looked this
bill over, and I think all that part of the bill which
assigns reasons for the discontinuance is unneces-
sary, and i would be willing that they should be
stricken out; but I do not like to have the bill go
back to the other House at this stage of the ses-
sion, I do not think anything is necessary for
the efficiency of the bill, more than the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware, to insert the words,
"for any cause whatsoever." With his amend-
ment, the bill strikes mc as being as good as it is
now, and I hope that will avoid all the criticism,
and if that will be satisfactory and stop debate, 1
would agree to it, and get rid of the subject; but
the motion first is, whether we shall suspend the
order, and the Senator from Virginia will have
the floor if we do suspend it.
Mr. MASON. I yield very cheerfully to the
special order of the Senate. I do not desire to
continue the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the special order, being the
civil appropriation bill, be postponed in order to
continue the discussion of the present bill.
Mr MASON. I do not make the motion.
Mr. WADE. I make the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 can only say that I
cannot give my assent to that; it is for the Senate
to do as they please in reference to the matter.
If this bill could be disposed of in a few minutes
by agreeing to an amendmentfrom theotherside,
and then passing it, I should be very glad; but I
cannot consent to postpone the appropriation
bill.
Mr. FITCH. If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to continue ihis bill now. and dispose of it, I
desire to withdraw my amendment, believing that
the amendment offered by the Senator from Del-
aware will obviate the objections designed to be
met by my amendment, better than my own, and
I desire to put it in that shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the special order for
the purpose of disposing of the present bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is understood
that the special order is only to be poblponed un-
til wc get tfirough with this bill, and it will then
come up in its oider.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I hope the amendment that is
before the Senate will be read, so that we may
know its condition
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Indiana to withdraw
Ins amendment?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir; preferring the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware will be lead.
The Secretary read Mr. Bayard's amendment,
which was, in lines five, six, and seven, to strike
out " or the contents of the mails preserved invio-
late till delivered to the proper address;" and in
lines seven and eight, to strike out "of any in-
surrection or resistance to the laws of the United
States," and insert " any cause whatsoever;" so
as to make the bill read:
That whenever, in the opinion of the .Postmaster Gen-
eial, the postal soivice cannot be safely continued, oi the
porst office i evpuues col looted, or tlie po---lai law-, rn.unt.nned
on any po^t loute, by reason of any cause what-'oev-'T, the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized to discontinue the
po=tal service on bueh route, or any pint thereof, and any
post offices thereon, till the fame can be safely restored,
and ehall report his action to Congress.
Mr. MASON. I shall not prolong the discus-
sion any further than to justify the objection I
made to that clause which it is now proposed to
strikeout. The word- " insurrection" was not
used in that clause of the CunstUution to which I
referred; but the language was "domestic vio-
lence," meaning, manifestly, and agreed to mean,
I presume, domestic violence against the State
authorities. The insurrection as provided for m
the Constitution is insurrection against the author-
ity of the United States; but the authority of the
United States is known only through its laws.
The laws provide, to carry out the Constitution,
that the Federal authority can only beinvokcd in
aid of the judicial; and the mode prescribed, as we
all know. There is no light to use the Federal
authoi ity for the purpose of enforcing the laws,
except in aid of the judiciary, and then at the
request of the judicial authority, in the mode
pointed out by the law. This, therefore, I look
upon as a departure-even if these States were in
the Union, from the Constitution and the laws. ,
Mr. COLLAMER.. The amendment now pro-
posed, as 1 understand it, seems to me to be all
that is necessary. It leaves all the power that is
necessary. But, Mr. President, I cannot but oc-
cupy a moment in relation to the last remarks of
the honorable Senator from Virginia. . I do not
understand the laws to be as lie states them. I
know there was a law, in 1792, in which it was
provided that the power of the President to call
out the militia to execute the laws should be con-
fined, as he supposes ; that is, it should be certi-
fied by a district judge that the laws could not
be executed without force. That is not the law
now. That law has been repealed. I do not wish
to take up time on this bill; but I merely wish to
direct the gentleman's attention to the fact, that
the law to which he alludes, and to which I ob-
serve the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benja-
min] alluded, in his argument, is not the law now
at all.
Mr. MASON. Will you refer me to the
existing law?
Mr. COLLAMER. I will. I do not wish to
take up the time of the Seriate about it; but it is
not the law now, that he is confined to the exer-
cise of the power on the call of the judiciary.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Do you refer to the law
of 1795 as the present law?
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot remember the
date. It is 1790 odd, which repeals that law and
supersedes it. I desire once more to hear the bill
read as it will read if this amendment is adopted.
The Secretary read, it as follows:
Be it enacted, §*c., That whenever, in the opinion of the
Po&tmaster General, the postal service cannot be safely con-
tinued, or the post office revenues collected, or the postal
laws maintained, on any poste route, byieasonofany cause
whatsoever, the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to discontinue the postal service on such route, &.c.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is all I want to have
read. I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I now offer my substitute
for the bill. The vote was taken on the amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from Del-
aware without my knowledge. In fact, I intend-
ed to make some remarks upon it, which I shall
now make on the substitute. 1 intended to say
there was but one issue in this case; and that is,
whether the laws of the United States are in force
in those States that have seceded, or not. There
is no other issue whatever. It is impossible to
evade or dodge the issue in any way. The only
objection 1 had to the amendment of the Senator
from Dolawaie was, that it contained the words
'Hill the same can be safely restored/' If that
clause was stricken out, I should have no objection
to the amendment; but any words or sentence, or
any provision whatsoever which in any way what-
ever intimated that the laws of the United States
were still in force in those States, I object to. They
are not in force. * They have no power whatever
there. That is the only and sole issue in this
case, as stated by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fesrenden] the other day. I have no doubt that
in case of insurrection or resistance to the laws
of the United States, the Postmaster General has
now, or if he has not, he ought to have,the power
to discontinue the mail service.
The point I make is, that there is no insurrec-
tion at all in the States that have seceded. It is
not insurrection. I have no doubt that there can
be insurrection against the laws of the United
States; although tiie provision of the law of 1793,
which was substituted by the jaw of 1795, re-
quired a peculiar mode of putting down that in-
surrection; but there can be an insurrection which
is nothing more than the mere resistance of a mass
of refractory or disorderly individuals to the law
of the State or the United States. There is a dis-
tinction between resistance by a State, in its or-
ganized sovereign capacity, to a law of the United
States, or by its secession from the Union, and
the resistance by individuals to the laws of the
United States. As to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, that does not cover the case.
The words proposed to be inserted by him, " be-
cause of any refusal to acknowledge the laws of
the United States," might apply to individuals.
The fact is, there is but one single question in the
case; but as the vote has been taken on the amend-
