202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
that if wo demanded of you that this Federal
■Government should not recognize your ships as
property, or your manufactured goods as prop-
erty, and should coolly and deliberately say to
you: " You shall know us only through the taxing
power, but never through the protective power,"
you would not submit to it. I am not one of
those who ever thought, or for an instant ever
promulgated, the idea that you had not manhood
■enough to protect your rights. You have always
done it. "You will do it again. I hope you will
not undertake to carry your acknowledged man-
hood to the extent of deprjving us of our rights.
We are your equals; no more, no less. We
shall prescribe to you no rule by which we would
not live ourselves. That justice which we demand
we will give. Show me that in all these twenty
years that 1 have stood upon the floors of Con-
gross I have voted for any measure which gave
to Massachusetts, to New England, or to any
State of this Confederacy less than justice, and i
will promptly crave your pardon. Can you ex-
pect me, your equal, your peer, representing a
State as sovereign as Massachusetts, to take less
than justice? This Government must acknowl-
edge its obligations to protect property every-
where upon the high seas and upon the land.
Whercveritmaygo upon the vast waste of waters,
or in whatever wilderness, you must recognize,
the duty of the Government to pursue it with its
navies and its armies, and then give it protection,
or else this is no Government.
You say you do not recognize the right or the
duty of Government even here in this legislative
Hall to protect our property. Youaoolly tell us
that slavery is not property, and that there is no
law to protect it; that the Federal Government
docs not recognize it as property at all; and that
whenever it gets beyond the local jurisdiction any
power on earth can trespass upon it. It was not
so when the treaty of peace was signed; when
Great Britain, not by the individual States, but by
the confederate States, was made to acknowledge
their liability for negroes and other property.
U was not so m 1814, in the treaty signed by
John Cluincy Adams and Henry Clay, as I have
shown you, where the Uritish and American com-
missioners, on either side, again treated of slaves
and other private property.
if the obligation of a foreign Government was
tluia extorted, to recognize this as property, and
to pay for it, if it pleases you to have it so, how
much more binding must the same obligation be,
resting upon the confederate States ? If twice, in
treating with the mistress of the world, the most
powerful nation known in modern times, this
Government hasextorted an acknowledgment that
slaves weie property, how much do I ask of you
to-day, as confederate States, that you do the same?
Make the acknowledgment; make it in the spirit
in which it was made by John Adams and John
Uuiney Adams, by lienjamm Franklin, and John
Jay, and you will have laid the basis of a per-
manent and lasting settlement. So long as you
make the declaration that this Government, is not
to recognize property m slaves, so long I tell you
there can be no peace. Standing in this great
presence, and in the higher presence of Almighty
God, 1 tell you to-day that if this be insisted on
the Union cannot last ninety days.
Mr. President, thismorning I moved an amend-
ment to the bill now under consideration, and I
will ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert as
a new section of the bill the following:
And be it fm f her cnnctal, That the act of the Legislative
Assembly c t the Temtoiv of New Mexico, approved Feb-
ruary 3, entitled '< An act to piovido for the protee- :
turn of piopcity in slaves in this Tenitory," bo, and the
same is tieiebv, extended to and declared in force in the
Terri!or> of An/.um.i; and u shall not be repealed dining
the territorial ext-tenee of said Territory.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, that the Senate
may understand, and thnt the country may un-
derstand, precisely what kind of legislation it Is
that I am proposing to put in force in this newly
proposed Territory, 1 will send to the Secretary's
desk, and ask to have read, the act referred to in
the amendment. It eoveis some ten or fifteen
pages. If Senators do not care to hear it read, it
can be printed. This \olume can scarcely be
found any whoi e. I choose, if the Senate will in-
dulge ni'1. to have it read, or, if they will albw
me to do it, to have it inserted in the report, so
that it may be more extensively read. ["Cer-
tainly."] I will not weary the Senate with hav-
ing it read,if I may have general consent to send
it to the reporter's desk and have it copied in the
Congressional Globe.
Several Senators. No objection to that.
Mr. BROWN. It is page 64,chapter twenty-
six.
Mr. CLARK. Read it.
Mr. BROWN. I mean,-of course, that the
whole statute of New Mexico, on the subject of
slavery, is to be copied into the official report, so
that the country may understand precisely what
it is, and what sort of laws I am proposing to ex-
tend over the Territory of Arizuma. It is under-
stood, I think, that the whole statute need not be
read, but may be copied in the report.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us hear it, if it is not
long.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us hear it,and see what
it is.
Mr. BROWN. Then, the Secretary can read
the first chapter. I suppose that will be sufficient.
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows:
^ An act to piovide for the protection of property m slaves
in this Ten itory.
uV>c. it enacted by the Legislative Assembly of the Territo n/
of New Mexico i Thateveiy person who shall be convicted of
the unlawiul killing: of a slave, or other offeine upon the
person of a slave within this Territory, whether a«. principal
or accessory, shall suffer the same pains and penalties as
if the party upon who e person the offense was committed
had been a fiec white person.
" Sec. 2. Every per&on who shall steal any blave with the
intent that the owner, or any one having an interest in such
slave, present or future, vested or contingent, }r*j?al or
equitable, shall be deprived of the u«g or benefit of such
slave, shall, upon conviction, sutler imprisonment for a
term not more than ten nor less than four years, and be
fined in a sum not more than ,^0,000 nor less than $500.
And every person who shall, by violence, seduction, or
oilier mcanv, take and cany, or entice away any slave
with the like intent, shall be deemed and held, for every
puipoac whatever, to have stolen such slave, within the
meaning ol this act. And every person who, knowinsjany
slave to have been stolen a* aforesaid, shall aid, a-*iit, or
advise m or about the eai rymg awayol such Have, shall
Kiiflei the hko penalties as are above prescribed against the
person stealing <ueh slave a-> aforesaid.
"2Sro.;J. Every person who shall cany or convey, or
willfully assist in can vm^r <>i conveying any slave, the prop-
city of another, with the intent oi for the purpo-e ot aid-
inz or enabling such slave to escape out of this Teruto.y,
or within this Tcultoiy, and beyond the contiol or iceov-
ery of bis owner or master, oi who shall willlulJy secrete oi
conceal such slave trom hisovvnoi or m.ister, shall, upon
conviction theieof, suffci the same penalties as arc pie-
sci ibed  u the foregoing section of the* act. And in any in-
dictment prel'ei red against any person for the violation of
any of the provisions of this act, the piopeitv in the slave
shall be well laid, if charged to belong to any person having
an interest in such slave, whether such interest be local oi
equitable, present or future, joint or seveial, vested or con-
tingent."
Mr. BROWN. Senators do not desire to hear
that law read. I accomplish all the purpose I
have in view,as I said before, in having it printed.
You hear the character of it. I am perfectly will-
ing, however, to have it all read, if Senators wish
it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further
reading will be dispensed with unless some Sen-
ator asks that it bo read.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it be printed.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to have it read unless
it goes into the report so that we can see it.
Mr. GREEN. It will.
Mr. CLARK. Let it go into the report so that
we can see it, and then the reading may be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, wh^n I called
up this bill, it was for the purpose of having it
passed. It was not with a view of exciting any
discussion whatever, or of introducing any of
these cxciting topics that divide one section from
the other. I really think that the people of Ari-
zuma—for I have accepted that name from my
friend from Mississippi—ought to be organized,
and, at the same time that this bill passes, we
should provide also for the organization of Jef-
ferson Territory, or Pike's Peak. I would like
to postpone these political questions that excite
the times. Give us a territorial organization for
these Territories. Let Aiizuma be organized, and I
let Pike's Peak be organized. There is an urgent |
necessity for it, owing to the discovery of gold i
and silver and the rush of population there with- i
outlaw,except the voluntary law that they them- j
selves adopt, and to some extent enforce. These I
things tender it necessary that we should throw I
them into an organic form, and enable them to j
protect, the people, which would superinduce more
prosperity thai) they at present have; and yet I !
cannot prevail upon my friend from Mississippi.
He proposes to introduce a proposition here, 1
think, (and I only guess at it,) for the purpose of
testing the sincerity and loyalty of members to
the principles of the Federal Constitution. In its
practical effect, I do not think it amounts to any-
thing. If I am forced to vote, 1 shall vote for it.
The same Senator introduced, at the last ses-
sion, a bill which was before the committee of
which I am a member, proposing to protect slaves
in the Territories. 1 reported it back,andasked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
and it is now upon the Calendar. I neither re-
ported adversely nor favorably; and the motives
that influenced me then were these: I saw no pres-
ent necessity for it; and my uniform rule of action
has been never to irritate the passions; or intro-
duce a question which would be likely to divide
our friends, unless there is a necessity for it. I
knew the bill could not pass the House of Rep-
resentatives. It was an undetermined question in
the Senate whether it would recognize the prin-
ciple. The principle was involved and embraced
in the resolutions of the Senatorfrom Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis.] They were pending before the Sen-
ate. I did not wish to precipitate action. I
wished first to see whether the principle would
be sustained; and that principle was not sustained,
and not voted for until near the close of the ses-
sion. Then a majority of this Senate did sustain
the principle. The House has never yet sustained
it; nordo I believe the House will sustain it; and
from all the evidence we have before us, it will
not sustain this provision; yet I shall vote for it
now, though, under other circumstances, when I
expected practical legislation, andexpected acon-
tinuance of the Government, I would advise my
friend to withdraw it.
Under the circumstances, however, that sur-
round me now, when a dark, deep gloom, that I
cannot penetrate, hangs all around, I will vote the
truth, whether it results in good or not. Hence
1 shall vote for it now; but there is no real neces-
sity for it, except as a declaration of principle.
The bill, as it is now upon your desk with the
amendments which I proposed this morning, gives
protection to all constitutional piopertv. I want
no more. What is constitutional property? It
is for the courts to decide; and I will be perfectly
content with that. I have not only said that ih&
courts should have chancery and common law
jurisdiction, but I have added the words, on my ™
own motion," andauthority to redress all wrongs
committed against the Constitution of the United
States, or the laws of the United States, or the
laws of the Territory affecting persons or prop-
erty."
What is property? My friend from Missis-
sippi has made an able argument to prove that
slaves are property. That argument would be
good in the Supreme Court orin the district court,
or any other appropriate tribunal; but in this Sen-
ate I do not deem it necessary to go into any such
argument. What is property? Itisajudicialques-
tion. It is determined and settled by the Consti-
tution of the United States, by the treaties of the
United States, by the laws of the United States;
for if my friend had taken the. trouble to examine
it, he would find laws of the United States to this
clfect: when judgments arc obtained against de-
linquent creditors, slaves may be levied upon and
soldand bid in by the Federal Government. Slaves
are just os liable to be sold under execution in
behalf of the United States as any other property,
and it is made so by a positive statute of the United
States. If that is not a full and complete recogni-
tion by the Government and by the Congress of
the United States, 1 do not know what would be
a recognition.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will allow me,
docs he not know that the dominant party which
is to take possession of the Government on the
4th of March does not recognize the right of prop-
erty m slaves? If he does not know that, let him
look on the other side of the Chamber; let him
look at the votes in the House of Representatives
and in this Senate during the last few days.
What matters it if you have not this iveognmon
which he speaks of? The party coming into
power will have the right to appoint judges for
this new Tei i itory. Mr. Lincoln will appoint the
judges, if there are ever any appointed at all.
Will he not send judges there that agree with him,
and who will say that these laws are no laws at
