1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
-2P
all; that there is no such thing as the right of prop-
ertyin slaves, unless you express it to liirn in such
palpable language as I proposed this morning?
Mr. GREEN. I thought I was aiding, coop-
erating, and assisting the Senator in the reference
that I made. I thought I was strengthening the
argument he liad presented to the Senate. I
thought I was making a reference which he had
overlooked, so as to confirm the assertion that
he had made; but it turns out that he construes
it differently. I now say this, sir: an express
declaration—if he be correct as to the sentiment
and the controlling principle that will operate with
the dominant party, as he calls it—being put
into the law, they will say it is null and void be-
cause it is against the law of God and man, and
will be a perfect nullity. If that prevailing senti-
ment is to continue, let us distinctly understand
it. If it is to be open to this extremity, we had
better, as brethren, at once cease controversy,
adjourn the Senate and House ofRepresentati%'es,
dissolve this Government, and go home. I say,
therefore, it is idle to talk about this question, so
far as that is conccrned.
But if we are trying to operate upon the public
sentiment, and to appeal to the honest hearts of
men and to induce them to reflect, to remember
what their fathers have done, what their Consti-
tution provides, what the law stipulates, what
honorable good feeling would dictate—if these be
the motives that actuate us, there is yet a last,
lingering, perhaps forlorn, hope left. But if it be
a determination or an existing resolution to push
this doctrine to the extreme, we had better term-
inate our session on the 1st day of January, and
go home. I should prefer it; and then let the
States act. Let the people of the States assemble
in convention, and see what is to be done in this
emergency. I am sorry, however, when I was
trying to put through a business matter for the
benefit of a distant people, separated so far from
New Mexico and Santa Fe that they cannot be
protected, that this question has been forced upon
us; and I have only digressed so far because I
have been driven to it by the course of the argu-
ment presented to-day.
The Senator from Wisconsin indulged very
largely in presenting the views of what he calls
the Republican party; and said that their policy
was to do perfect justice to the South, and to give
them equal privileges with themselves; and that
they would not deprive the South of anything
but what they deprived themselves of That
looks very fair m its presentation. I desire to
illustrate his mode, if he will allow me. It re-
minds me of the fable written, I think, by iEsop.
The fox invited the stork to dine with him. The
stork has a very long bill. The fox had nothing
but soup, and it was spread out on a flat dish.
Said the fox: " Perfect equality, Mr. Stork; help
yourself." The stork could not get a mouthful;
and the fox lapped it all up. The next day, the
stork said: "Come over,Mr. Fox,and dine with
me." The fox went. The stork had had mince
meat put in long-necked jars; and said he: "Mr.
Fox, perfect equality; I do not want to deprive
you of anything but what I deprive myself of;
help yourself." The fox could not get a single
mouthful, and the stork putin his long bill and
ate it all up. And so it is with the principles the
Senator seeks to establish and spread over tlio_
Territory. He does not want to deprive us of
anything but what he would deprive himself of;
stiil, he establishes a rule which he knows no
southern man will submit to, and which will
exclude every southern man.
My friend", the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] said: "Oar object in it is to surround
you; to cramp in slavery; to put a cordon of free
States around it, so that vou will be forced to
emancipate your slaves.'' 'The object of the free-
soil movement, and the only motive thatactuates
you in advocating it to-day, is, that you may
force us to emancipate the slaves. And how ?
Either to make them unprofitable or dangerous;
one or the other of which, you think, willinduee
us to liberate them and turn them loose.
Now, Mr. President, this is not right, as breth-
ren  { tin- same Confederacy. We were known
ill he slavehuldmg States. All but one held slaves;
and why should we be excluded from the com-
mon tenitory, bought with a common treasure,
defended by the common Army, and as many
brave men from the one section as the other? I
draw no distinction between them; I will accord
as much bravery, as much patriotism, to the one
side as the other. When it is thus acquired,
ought any rule to be established which would be
like the invitation of the fox to the stork to dine
with him; to say to us, it is perfect equality ? But
you know the peculiar circumstances under which
we are placed, and you are trying to establish a
rule which, under the circumstances, would ex-
clude us from the whole of the territory.
Mr. President, if truth is to prevail, an immu-
table history, which we cannot change or re-
verso, will record the fact that the South has never
asked anything of the North that infringed upon
them. It will record the fact, that they never
asked for anything that would endanger them, or
that had the least tendency to irritate them; and
if the Union is to go by the board, if necessity
drives us to the verge, and we must dissolve, when
the/esfie of history is made up, whose fault will
it be? Not his who defends, not his who re-
sists, not his who importunes; but the fault will
be his who exacts, who progresses, and who
brings to bear what he calls an " irrepressible
conflict," the tendency of which is to involve us
in war, disguise it as you may. Sir, there are
gaod people in both sections of this Union; but
there are people so indoctrinated, and so preju-
diced, though they may have honest hearts, edu-
cated from the school-room, with school tracts
and Sunday-school instructors advising them that
the slaveholder is a knave and a scoundrel, and
that slavery is a curse; all of which has spread
over the North; and the storm you have stirred
up you are not able to control yourselves. If it
cannot be controlled, if it cannot be corrected,
then the doom must and will be pronounced. We
need not disguise the truth. We ought not to
avoid looking facts plainly and stubbornly in the
face, not by threatening, not by trying to intim-
idate, not by seeking to get a political or personal
advantage over each other. When a great nation
is at stake, and the salvation of a great people is
dependent upon our action, you ought to let par-
ties die, and personal aspirations perish, rather
than endanger the salvation of the people.
What, then, shall we do? Are we to go for-
ward as we have during the short time that we
have been in session ? Are we to continue to
wrangle ? Had we not better at once see whether
we can accomplish anything, and if we cannot,
give it up, and let the States and the people of the
States take it in hand ? I have one last hope. My
only hope in the beginning was, as I then stated,
simply to interpose obstacles to action long enough
to let the people stop and reflect; and, when they
have had that fair and honorable opportunity to
reflect, if the reaction does not come, then our
doom is settled. 1 hope we shall have no civil
war, although I have already heard th'at the flames
have been lighted up. I have already heard of
the nullification of an act of the Federal Govern-
ment in Pittsburg. I deny, and emphatically
deny,the right of anypcople within the Union to
nulhfy the law of Congress or an order issued in
pursuance of that law.
I contend for the right of a State to secede.
The pretext, or the justification, or the reason for
her secession, is a matter for herself to judge, not
for me. The Senator from Wisconsin is a little
at fault, when he says to contend for the right of
secession admits the right of expulsion. Seces-
sion results from the fact that they are in by con-
sent and can go out by consent. Expulsion would
be against consent, and is just the opposite of the
principle of secession.
But I do not intend to debate this question.
Whether we have a constitutional right reserved
or an original right reserved, is an unimportant
question now. "The practical effect is this: the
State will do it if it pleases; and then what will
you do? How are yougoin^ to help yourself?
Make war? No. Why? Whether you have a
right to make war or not, is not the point. The
imprudence of the British commander at Lexing-
ton, I think it was, brought on the Revolution.
An attack made on a few soldiers there, and a few
countrymen who gathered together to heip (hem,
brought oil the Revolution. There might have
been apeaceful and honorableadjuslnn ntand sep-
aration from the Crown of Great Britain but for
the imprudence of that ofncei. The imprudence
of our existing officers, of our commanders, or of
our functionaries directing or encouraging them,
may involve us in another war., I seek to avoid
it. I want peace and prosperity; but jfwe can-
not.live together in perfect harmony, securing our
rights as far as Governments ordinarily do secure
rights—for no Government secures every right";
I do not look for perfection in government, or iti
any man—let us separate. But, as long as it
can be done, we ought to live together and become •
the great and powerful people that the God of
nature has destined we shall be; and if we do'not
accomplish His great ends, it is because we provo
ourselves unworthy of them.
Now, Mr. President, I have been led off into
these remarks in consequence of the remarks of
others. I come back to the real proposition be-
fore the Senate; and that is, the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. GREEN. Oh, yes; I remember now that
the Senator from Illinois, I thinkit was, proposed
an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois to the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. GREEN. That is just the reverse of the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi. The
Senator from Mississippi proposes to give a law
to the Territory of Arizuma which will enable any
man owning a slave to get redress if any other
person interferes with his property. I understand
the Senator from Illinois to propose that the law
of Mexico, as it existed wfien we acquired it,
shall be the law of Arizuma; that itshall never be
changed while it is aTerritory. Thatis my recol-
lection of his amendment.
Sir, I have a great objection to that; and I will
state it in a few words. When Mexico coded all
this territory to us by the Gadsden treaty, no
slavery existed there except the peonage; but the
very moment it became ceded to us, and became
part of the United States, it was under the Con-
stitution of the United States. There is 110 such
thing as a constitutional Government acquiring
property and yet that property not be subject to
the Constitution; and it is a contradiction to say
so. If we have the power to acquire, it is by
virtue of ourorganization under the Constitution;
and the moment you acquire it, it is subject to
that Constitution.
But the Senator from Wisconsin says if the
Constitution gives you the right to hold slavery
there when you do acquire it, it gives you the
right to hold slavery in Wisconsin. I have heard
that argument repeated often enough. ItsfaHacy
is so palpable, that I think it must strike the mind
of every man who will reason upon the subject.
Every State, according to our Constitution, is a
sovereign State, with sovereign power over the
subject of slavery, with an express recognition of
the right of each State to prohibit slavery if it
chooses. I say the Federal Constitution itself
expressly recognizes the right of each State to
prohibit slavery if it chooses; but the Constitution
does not recognize tire right of aTprritory to pro-
hibit slavery. On the contrary; a Territory is not
known to the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator be kind
enough to turn to that clause of the Constitution
he refers to?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; [ will. I will refer
the Senator from Maine to that clause of the
Constitution:
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, than, m conbe-
qucncc of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from such service or labor; but shall be delivered up oa
claim of the paity to whom such service or labor may he
due."
Which implies that they have a right to make
a rule or regulation therein which will bo adverse
to slavery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I wanted to know
was, where the express recognition was. That
there is an implied one I never disputed.
Mr. GREEN. Nftyer disputed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A State may do as it
pleases with reference to that matter.
Mr. GREEN. Very well. It says in express
woids that they shall not be disoliaiged from such
service or labor by reason of any regulation
therein.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not in express
