1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
enable the Postmaster General to discontinue the
postal service, and prevent collision. I say that
he cannot produce collision under the existing
laws, and under the Constitution of the United
States.
The Senator from Vermont brings up the law
of 1795. He admits that, under the law of 1792,
it could not be done, unless the judge certified to
the President; but he says the law of 1795 is
different. I say there is no difference, except in
the mere fact of the requisition of the certificate
of the judge. I will read the section to which
he referred, and analyze it in a very few words.
It is:
" Whenever the laws of the United States shall be op-
posed, or the execution thereof obstructed in any ea-e, by
combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary
case of judicial proceedings."
Suppose there are no judicial proceedings in the
State, does the case then come within the purport
of this law? If the Federal judge has resigned,
it does not fall within this law. The only differ-
ence between the law of 1795 and that of 1792 is
this: the law of 1792 required the judge to certify
the fact; the law of 1795 authorized the President
to judge of the fact; but in each case it must be
a combination too strong for judicial proceedings.
Where there is no judge and no judicial proceed-
ing, he cannot pass judgment on that; and hence
he cannot use the military power.
The next branch is, " or by the powers vested
in the marshals by this act." If there are no mar-
shals, there is no power in the marshals. If there
are no judicial proceedings and no marshals, the
case contemplated by the second section of the
act of 1795 can never arise, and the President can
never pass judgment upon it; and hence, no Pres-
ident, much less a Postmaster General, can send
military force to any point to suppress insurrec-
tion until fully authorized in the cases provided
for in the law. When the Whisky insurrection
in Pennsylvania occurred, in 17981 think, ["Oh,
no; 1794;"] 1798 I think, My recollcction is that
it was after Washington's time, during Adams's
administration, and that Washington was ap-
pointed commander-in-chief.
Mr. KENNEDY. No; Washington was Pres-
ident at the time.
Mr. GREEN. I may be mistaken in that.
When this was done, nobody proposed to stop
the mails through there; but it was a case where
it was duly certified that the combination was too
strong for ajudicial proceeding. Whenever South
Carolina shall certify the same fact, or Georgia,
or any State, let the law apply, and let the Fed-
eral power be executed; but until you bring it
within the provisions ot this law, you cannot make
collision. If you do, it will be done by the wrong-
ful act of the Federal Government.
I go a step further than that: I take the ground
that no law of Congress can authorize it. I say
there are but two cases in which the military
force of the Government can be employed until
Congress declares war. Congress may declare
war; the President cannot; but in the absence of
that declaration of war, there are two cases in
which we can use the military power. What are
they? First, that the " United States shall guar-
antee to every State in this Union a republican
form of Government, and shall protect each of
them against invasion. The Federal Government
can protect the States against invasion. What
else ? "And on application of the Legislature, of
of the executive, (when the Legisldtuie cannot
be convened,) against domestic violence." Do-
mestic violence may rage like a tornado over every
State, but unless the Legislature or executive de-
mands the interposition of federal power, you can-
not march the foot of a soldier there; and hence,
if the law had gone so far, it would have been
unconstitutional. This is the charter of the Gov-
ernment, the sworn bond of union; the only union
that does exist is found in this sacred instrument.
It says he may only employ the military force to
preventan invasion—that means foreign invasion
—or to put down domestic violence, but not any
domestic violence, unless the authorities of the
State demand it. Now, is there domestic violence
in South Carolina or Georgia or Alabama or Mis-
sissippi? Suppose you still choose to regard them
as in the Union; you cannot employ the military
force there unless those States invite you to do it;
and all the laws that could be passed, from the
beginning of the Government to the present day,
could not justify the President in undertaking to
do an unconstitutional act.
Hence, it is no measure of peace. Peace will
be preserved if you let things take their natural
course. The honor of the country will be main-
tained, and the Constitution will be preserved
inviolate; but if you set it at naught, tiample on
the Constitution, act in defiance of the law, most
unfortunate results may be witnessed all over our
happy land. Let us avoid it; let us stop this ini-
tiative step—this entering wedge, this beginning
of a system under which we may be all involved
in a common catastrophe from which we would
all gladly escape, if it were possible. Now, is
there any present necessity for a bill like this?
Will the Postmaster General undertake to force
mails through a State where they do not want
them ? If he does in violation of law, he is doing
wrong. If he does not, then the same thing is
accomplished which is proposed in the bill, and
that is simply to let the postal service alone. But
you acknowledge, by the. passage of this bill, the
right of Congress to legislate for, in, and over
States that have seceded. It is a recognition of
that fact. The amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Texas is a negation of that
idea; and therefore I shall vote for that, and noth-
ing short of that. I never will recognize the right
of this Government to legislate over any State
which has exercised its sovereign right to secede
from the Union. Even if it has wrongfully exer-
cised that right, it alone is responsible for it.
Why cannot we be content to leave them to enjoy
either their prosperity or their adversity, as cir-
cumstances may ensue?
Mr. President, my purpose only was to prove
that there is no danger of collision, in consequence
of the present laws governing the postal service;
that, under the Constitution and the laws, there
cannot be a collision; and that the military force
of this Government can only be exercised in three
cases: one is when Congress declares war; the
second is to prevent invasion; the third is when
the States call upon the Federal Government to
lend them authority to suppress rebellion. Ev-
erybody knows that none of these States will call
on the Federal Government for military force to
suppress rebellion; everybody knows there is no
invasion; everybody knows there is no declara-
tion of war; hence, this will not be a measure of
peace,. It is truo our city is surrounded with sol-
diery, and we can hardly walk up or down Penn-
sylvania avenue without being confronted with
frowning guns, led on by mercenary soldiers; and
it is also true, that batteries are being planted
around us, perhaps to overawe this Congress, to
make the Senate subservient to the will of a dom-
inant party. Whether that be true or not, cir-
cumstances will soon be developed to show
whether this Congress is to be overawed or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the proposed amend-
ment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
amendment is withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
the understanding of the Chair.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I offered to withdraw the
amendment, but there was objection on the other
side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
York stated to me that he would make no further
objection
Mr. HEMPHILL Then I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be withdrawn, by common consent.
Mr. KING The Senator from Maine misun-
derstood me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is objection
made to withdrawing the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York objected.
Mr. ItlNG. Certainly I did; and I have not
withdrawn the objection. 1 objected some time
ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I should like to hear the
amendment read, as it stands now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read,
unless objection be made.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be read again, (as it has al-
ready been twice or thrice read,) without a vote1
of the Senate. !
Mr. NICHOLSON. I ask the Chair' if it is
the original amendment, or the amendment air
amended by the Senator from Texas, himself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the ori-
ginal amendment.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I offered to amend it; but
there was objection also to that.
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The yeasand nays have
been ordered on the amendment.
Mr. KING. Let us take the vote; that is the
shortest way.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I should have greatly pre-
ferred that the Senator from New York had not
interposed his objection to the withdrawal of the
amend merft. I concur with the Senator from
Texas, that there is really but one question here;
and that is, whether the laws of the United States
are in force or not in the States that have seceded ?
I do not propose to discuss thequestion; but sim-
ply to state the reason why I cannot vote for his
amendment. According to my view of the rela-
tions now subsisting between this Government
and the seceding States, the laws of the United
States are suspended there b'y act of revolution,
not by act of peaceful secession; and therefore,
being in a state of suspension, I think any law on
the subject wholly unnecessary. Hence I shall
not only vote against the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Texas, but against the original
bill, believing that, by the international law well
settled, the United States laws are now suspended
in those States, and that it is unnecessary for us
to undertake to legislate on the. subject at all.
Mr. POLK. I understand that the question
stands thus: the Senator from Texas offered an
amendment to the bill, and then offered an amend-
ment to his own amendment; that is to say, offers
to modify his amendment. There was a refusal
to the modification that he proposed to his own
amendment; and now the question is on the amend-
ment to his amendment.
Thtf PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatisnotthe
question before the Senate. Thequestion before
tne Senate is upon the adoption of the original
amendment of the Senator from Texas to the bill.
After he offered that amendment, the yeas and
nays were ordered upon it. He then proposed to
modify it, which could only be done by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, the yeas and nays
having been ordered; and that consent was not
given. The question now is upon the adoption
of his amendment to the bill.
Mr. POLK. I look at it still in this light: he
proposes to modify the amendment in the way
that was indicated by his amendment to the amend-
ment. That was objected to, and therefore that
modification now stands as an amendment to the
amendment; and that is the question which is be-
fore the Senate, upon which the yeas and nays
have not been ordered. I submit to the Chair,
that the question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Texas to his own amendment;
and if he does not offer that as an amendment, I
renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not entertain the motion, because the amendment,
to the amendment is not admissible after the yeas
and nays have been ordered upon the original
amendment.
Mr. POLK. Docs the fact that the Senate has
ordered the yeas and nays alter the rule? I sub-
mit that the Chair is mistaken in that.
Mr. BINGHAM and others. He can offer it
afterwards.
Mr. POLK. That is what I propose to do—to
offer it.
Mr. KING. It can be done after the vote is
taken on this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion, subject, of course, to be corrected by
the Senate, that after an amendment is proposed,
and the yeas and nays are ordered on it, it cannot
be modified without the consent of the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I dislike to do it, but I shall be
compelled to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair, if he decides that because the yeas and
nays are ordered on an amendment, it is thereafter
no longer subject to amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it there is a mis-
understanding amongus about the facts. I think
