1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
it is well settled that when an amendment in the
first degree is offered, you can move an amendment
to that; and the fact whether the yeas and nays
have been ordered or not does not prevent u.
Here is a biil now before us. The Senator from
Texas moves to amend it. That amendment of
his is subject to amendment, 1 (ake it; and it is
wholly immaterial whether the Senate has in fact
directed the vote, when it shall be taken, to be
taken by yeas and nays, or not. If I am correct
in this view of the facts, I hope the Chair, on re-
flection, will review his decision.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me there is no
doubt that a Senator has the right to offer an
amendment to the amendment. The fact that the
yeas and nays have been called does not take
away the right of a Senator to amend a proposi-
tion before the vote is taken; otherwise it would
operate as a sort of previous question^to.call for
the yeas and nays. Certainly it was not so de-
signed. The only privilege of the yeas and nays
is, that one fifth of the members present may re-
quire the yeas and nays on any proposition; and
that is the only piivilege which is given to them
by the right to call the yeas and nays. Another
Senator may offer to amend the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
inadvertent in his decision that a motion to amend
the amendment, the yeas and nays having been
ordered upon that amendment, could not be enter-
tained. The extent to which the Chair meant to
go was this: that the mover of the original amend-
ment could not amend it after the yeas and nays
had been ordered upon it, without common con-
sent. It is subject to be amended by the Senate,
by a major vote of the Senate. The Chair will,
therefore, put the amendment to a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. POLK. That is undoubtedly right; and
now, if the Senator from Texas does not move
the amendment, I will do so
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 move the modification
that has been suggested.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the preamble in the fol-
lowing words:
" YVlicirns M'Vtfial Slates have withdrawn from this
Union, and the laws oi' ihe United States have no longer
any foiro therein/'
And also to strike out in the amendment the
words "situated as above,'5 and insert the words
"which have withdrawn from the Union;" and
also to strikeout the words " ih hereby directed,"
and insert shall have the power;" so that the
amendment shall then read:
Strike out all oi the bill after the enacting clause, and
insert the lollowmg
Thai in all Male-, which have withdrawn from the Union,
the Puhtniasici General shall have the power to d^continue
all postal hervi'-c willn n ih«; hmit« ul t>ueh States, or make
a.rian«etnen!j> wiiii the Goveinois of ihe .same fot mtei-
pohtal communication.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment to the
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish exactly to understand
what the question is. If 1 understand u correctly,
the honoiable Senator fiom Texas pioposed a
certain amendment as a substitute for the bill; and
lie now moves to amend his substitute. Is that
the present nuestion before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Texas to his own amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. It is very seldom that the
Senate refuses to aliow any Senator to amend his
amendment when he proposes a substitute before
the vote us taken upon it. I euitaiulyam notdis-
posed to refuse it to him. If he desires to vary
the amendment in any respect, I tlnnk it is a
courtesy due him that he shall be allowed to put
it in the shape in which he desnosto present it to
the Senate. I shall vote against the amendment
after it is amended; but I shall vote for the amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out the pream-
ble, which 1 understand to be the question. I do
not see why 1 should compel the Senator to keep
the amendment m a shape in which he does not
desne to oiler it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays SO; as follows:
YEAS—Mcj«sis Bayard, Bragjr, Bright,Chairman, Fitch,
Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Sebastian, and Wiefal!—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler,Clark. Coliamer, Dixon, Doolitrle, Durkee,
Fcssendcn, Foot, Fo-ter, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson
of Tennessee, King, Latham, Morrill, Rice, Seward, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment offered as a substitute by Mr. Hemphill.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I confess I
regret to see that the Senate lefuses to let the hon-
orable Senator from Texas amend his own amend-
ment. It certainly presents itself to my mind as
an extraordinary action on the part of the Senate.
His proposition would be less objectionable to
Senators in the shape in which he proposed to
amend it. If it involves a mere question of pol-
icy, touching the question of right, which the
preamble does, 1 do not sec why the Senate should
hove refused to let him amend that amendment
which he had originally proposed. Further, I
regret exceedingly that the amendment could not
be withdiawn, as he proposed to do it; and for
this reason: we had adjusted the bill on a proper
basis, giving power to the Postmaster General
which it was perfectly competent to give him,
and which ceitainly in itself looks to no improper
coercion whatever.
As now amended, it provides, when the con-
tingency occurs from any cause, either that the
mail cannot be safely carried on the post route,
that the revenues cannot be collected, or the postal
laws maintained, that he shall have the discretion
to discontinue the mail on that route, with a view
to prevent such emergencies from occurring. The
existence of such a power in itself, so far as it
operates coercively, in my opinion, is proper co-
ercion, peaceable coercion certainly. I do notsee
that any one could object to the existence of such
a power, because, supposing those facts to occur,
it would be perfectly rightand pioper to withdraw
the mail, unless you adopt the more expensive
and cumbrous mode of attempting by positive law,
to maintain the postal auangoments by foice,if
you please, or to use armed guaid.s for the pur-
pose of carrying your mail, it seems to me very
clear, that the existence of the power alone, when
yon take into consideration the question of postal
intercommunication, would in itself be sufficient,
as a peaceful exercise of power, to secure the trans-
portal ion of the mails. I can, therefore, cheer-
fully vote for the bill as it now stands amended
by the Senate.
On the other hand, as regards the substitute,
with or without the pieamble, I am not picpaied
to express my opinion now, and I am not well
enough, with the heavy cold under which I am
laboring, to do it if I were prepared. There are
many considerations that have deterred me hith-
erto from expressing my general views on the re-
lations between those States which have with-
drawn or seceded from the Union,and those who
still maintain the attitude of having at least a com-
mon Government. I ha\e many leasons for so
doing, which it is not necessary to tiouble the Sen-
ate with now, but I shall have occasion during
the present session, if the public business will per-
mit it, to express my opinion at large on the sub-
ject; or, if not during the present session, at all
events, I am sure I can find the opportunity dur-
ing the special session which will follow it. I
own it to my constituents, I owe it to myself, that
I should do so when 1 am able to do it. But it
seems to me, these questions will come up more
pioperly hereafter. They must come, must be
! met, and must be decided within sixty days at
the furthest, either at a special session, or at the
present session of Congress. "VVe most determine
the question of peace or war. I intimate no opin-
ions now* on the right, or e.ven on the fact of se-
cession. I only mean to say, that in the present
attitude of the country, you will have it, and must
ha\e it, in a more direct mode, and a determina-
tion must be made by the Congress of the United
States, as to the general course of policy to be
: adopted towards those States which assume the
position of withdrawing from the Union. I do
not want to bi ing up that question collaterally on
a bill in itself perfectly peaceful and utterly des-
titute of an}' pretense of force. I do not want
to bring up questions concerning the relations of
those States to the Union on such a bill as this.
I prefer to let the bill, as I think it is proper m
itself, pass; and I shall therefore vote against the
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 9, nays 38; as
follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Bragg, Ohngman, Green, Hemphill,Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Mason, and Wigtall—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bayard, Bigler, Bing-
ham, Bright', Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, iCrittenden, Dix-
on, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
King, Latham, Moiull, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Itiee,
Sewairl. Simmon*, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POWELL, (when his name was called,)
I desire to ask whether the amendment offered by
the Senator from Delaware was adopted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to vote for a bill
authorizing the Postmaster General to stop the
mails in the seceding States; but I am not dis-
posed to vote for this bill, giving him such gene-
ral and extraordinary power. 1 vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 34, nays
12; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Bigler, Birrgham,
Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Oiittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Douglas, Durkee, Fessendon, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, llaiian, Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy, King, La-
tham, Moiull, Pearce, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son— 3*1.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Blight, Green, Hemphill, John-
sou ot Arkansas*, Lan'', Ma^on, Nichol&on, Polk Powell,
Rice, and Wtgfall—12.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BAKER subsequently said: I should like
to have my vole recorded in favor of the bill which
has just passed. 1 voted for it in all its stages;
but 1 happened to be out at the instant the vote
was taken on the passage of the bill.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to have his
name recorded on the passage of the bill in rela-
tion to the postal service, he not having been
present at tho moment the vote was taken.
Mr. GREEN. That has not been customary.
It has been refused a number of times.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Objection being
made, it cannot be done.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move now to take up
the appropriation bill which was laid aside for
the purpose of disposing of the bill just passed.
Mr. HALE. 1 must make an appeal to my
friend from Maine, and ask him to waive that bill
for a moment, to allow me to make a motion which
is a matter of course, and will nottdke a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot yield to my
friend. If I do, I must yield to everybody else.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
895) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1862.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish now to offer the
amendment that I presented when this bill was
last under consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the bill has been reported to the Senate;
and the question first in order will be, " Will the
Senate concur m the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. When the Senate ad-
journed on Saturday, the Clerk was reading the
amendments in their order, to ascertain which
were objected to; and I presume now, the course
will be tor us to go on with them in that manner.
Some of them had been read and objection inter-
posed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
the course of proceeding in order. The fust amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole will be
reported to the Senate; and the question is, Xi Will
the Senate coneurm the amendment made in com-
mittee'" the Senate having ordered the amend-
ments to be taken up separately.
