204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
words that they shall do as they please with
reference to slavery. I see no express words.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator thinks they have
not that power, I would like for him to reverse
the proceedings of Maine, and make slavery legal
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if the
Senator will allow me, I do not dispute the power.
I only inquired of the Senator where the express
clause of the Constitution was. I have not found
it yet. If he will have the kindness now to show
it, I will be much obliged to him.
Mr. GREEN. It is an express recognition of
the power. It is in express words. It is a rec-
ognition; and if that is not an express recogni-
tion, what do you make out of it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Expressly recognizes
what?
Mr. GREEN. The right of a State to prohibit
slavery, if they choose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No such thing.
Mr. GREEN. Besides all that—I care not
about quibbling on terms and words—it does ex-
pressly recognize the retention of this power by
the States. Again: the States never surrendered
it, and this clause expressly recognizes the fact
that they do retain it, and they exercise it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Retain all power not
granted.
Mr. GREEN. Again:
" The migration or importation of such persona as any of
the States now existing *lm!l think proper.to admit, Khali
not bo prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808 ;
but a tax or duty may he imposed on such importation not
exceeding ten dollars l'or each person."
There is no doubt of this fact: that these States
have the power to prohibitslavcry. They never
parted with the power; and the Constitution rec-
ognizes the fact that they may prohibit it. Very
well; some of them do prohibit it. In what char-
acter or capacity do thov thus prohibit it? As
sovereign States m the Union. In thus prohibit-
ing slavery they do not conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United States; but iti a Territory
acquired by the Federal Government, this is a
general jurisdiction; that juiisdiction to which
the Senator from Wisconsin referred when he
said we are under two complete jurisdictions.
Yes, we are. When you arc under your Wis-
consin jurisdiction, you may prohibit slavery,
under this general jurisdiction predicated upon
slavery, a part of which it is, and without which
it is not. It is no government without it. Then,
I say, going into the common territory, belong-
ing to the common, general jurisdiction, every
man has an equal right to go and hold his prop-
el ty. When 1 go from the State of Virginia, and
the Senator from Wisconsin goes from his State
into this newTerritory of Pike's Peak, I leave my
State jurisdiction of Virginia, and lie leaves his
State jurisdiction of Wisconsin. HisState juris-
diction prohibited slavery; my State jurisdiction
authorized or allowed slavery. When we come,
then, into Pike's Peak, we do not come into a
hostile government; but we are in this general
jurisdiction. It does not prohibit slavery. It is
predicated upon slavery. It does expressly rec-
ognize slavery; and I can hold slaves, and he can
hold Yankee clocks, if he has any.
These principles arc so clear, so plain, so pal-
pable, and so striking, that I am surprised that
the Senator did not see them. If we acquire Can-
ada, and it comes in as a State, it comes in with
her present status, save and except so far as it
conflicts with the Constitution of the United
States. If we acquire a Territory, it comes in
subject to the Constitution of the United States,
there being no conflicting jurisdiction authorized
to exercise power that can destroy any existing
constitutional right.
These nre my views; and I only throw them
out for the purpose of trying to have this subject
understood, and to see whether we can come to
that point at which we may possibly agree. If
we cannot possibly agree, let the whole subject
pass. I would be glad to have this amendment
withdrawn, because I am anxious to get the Ter-
ritory organized without mingling with it these
political questions. I should like to have the peo-
ple then1 thrown into an organic form, so that
their proceeding maybe a legal proceeding; so
that their action may be legal action; and that,
when the people <rn there, they go with the cer-
tainty that they will be protected in their prop-
erty, in their avocations, in all of their efforts
to benefit themselves, their wives, and their chil-
dren. The people of Pike's Peak territory—it is
not named yet—now number some sixty thou-
sand. That territory is rich in deposits of gold.
Many silver mines have also been discovered
there. The people will rush to them. On the
streams, in the gorges of the mountains, in the
free parks, and on the western slope, there is some
agricultural land; perhaps enough to feed the min-
ing population; and they ought to be organized.
Let us agree, therefore, to postpone these polit-
ical subjects; give them organism; enable them to
protect themselves in a proper form, consistently
with the Constitution of the United States. If
that cannot be done, and we are determined to
press these political questions, press them at once
to the verge, and let us see whether wo can settle
them oV not; and if not settle them, let us bid adieu
to each other, and go home to let the people and
the States settle it for themselves.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri assumes, as a proposition
which ought not to be doubted, that the Consti-
tution of the United States enters the territory
acquired from Mexico, repeals the Mexican law
abolishing slavery, and establishes a law in its
favor. In addition to what I have already said,
I desire now to say that this proposition is in
direct contravention of the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States in thePrigg
case, in which they held expressly that " the state
of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal reg-
ulation, founded upon, and limited to, the range
of the territorial laws." It is in violation of the
decisions of the supreme court of every State,
both north and south, previous to 1848. When
John C. Calhoun, on this floor, first announced
the doctrine that the Constitution of the United
States, by its own positive force, guarantied the
right to take and hold slaves as property in the
Territories of the United States, it did not have
half a dozen supporters, I believe, m either House
of Congress. Mr. Clay, Mr. Webster, Mr. Ben-
ton, and the great men in this body, denounced
it as a heresy. It was so much against the estab-
lished doctrine of this country, and of every
court, not only of the free States, but of the slave-
holding States, as well as of the Supreme Court
of the United States, that it found support no-
where. There was then no more respectable sup-
port to this new doctrine of John C. Calhoun, that
the Constitution of the United States established
the right to take slaves as property into a Terri-
tory,than there is now to the doctrine of Lysander
Spooner, that the Constitution of the United States
abolishes slavery in every State within its jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yea, sir.
Mr. MASON. I merely wish to say this: Mr.
Calhoun lives no longer, and there is no repre-
sentative of his State upon this floor. 1 do not
mean to interrupt the Senator further than to say,
that I never understood him, nor did I ever un-
derstand any jurist in the land, in giving a con-
sidered view of this question, as declaring that the
Constitution of the United States established sla-
very anywhere; but 1 understood that great man,
and those who concurred with him in opinion, to
say this: that a slave is property, and nothing but
property; arid that the Constitution of the United
States would protect that property in the Terri-
tories or upon the high seas as it would protect
any other property. It establishes nothing; it
recognizes property because it is property. That
I understand to be Mr. Calhoun's view.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And, theiefoie, I under-
stand the honorable Senator to draw this corol-
lary: that the Mexican laws abolishing slavery
in the Territories, the instant we acquired them
were abolished or abrogated, in some way, by
force of the Constitution; and that a slaveholder
from Virginia has a right to enter into those Ter-
ritories, where slavery has been abolished, ond,
in spite of these laws, to hold his slave as prop-
erty by virtue of the Constitution. That 1 un-
detstand to be yourconelusion.
Mr. MASON. The honoiable Senator has no
right to involve me in any of his legal conclu-
sions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is tlie very point we
are discussing.
Mr. MASON. It is purely legal. I only want
to contradict—notolfensively, but to contradict—
any notion that Mr. Calhoun, or any other states-
man or jurist, ever has, in a considered opinion,
said that the Constitution established slavery.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, then, to maintain that
the Constitution of the United States, when we
acquire territory where slavery has been already
abolished, repeals or abrogates the law abolish-
ing it ?
Mr. MASON. I say again, sir, the Senator
shall not involve me in any of his legal conclu-
sions. I understand it to be a pait of the public
law of the civilized world, that when you acquire
dominion, the laws of that domain remain in
operation until the new Power abrogates or estab-
lishes it. Is not that public law ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree to that.
Mr. MASON. That I understand to be the
public law. I may be wrong in it. Now, what
legal conclusions may follow in the peculiar con-
struction of our Government with ^ fundamental
law, or how it operates upon existing laws in a
Territory newly acquired, I am not going to dis-
cuss with the Senator at all; and, therefore, I pro-
test again that he shall not commit me to his legal
conclusion as to the legal effect of the Constitu-
tion in the Territories. I mean to say this alone:
that the Constitution recognizes a slave as prop-
erty. We say, not that the Constitution estab-
lishes slavery anywhere, but that there is the
same obligation upon those who administer the
Constitution to protect the property in a slave as
property,as in anything else, wheiever the Con-
stitution is administered. That is what we claim.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
desire to be taken from the precise point, for in
that is the whole point of controversy involved.
The law of Mexico abolished slavery in these
Territories before we acquired them. Now, when
your slaveholding constituents are claiming that
we deny their constitutional rights in those Ter-
ritories, the simple question is: whether the Con-
stitution of the United States enters those Terri-
tories and repeals the law of Mexico against
slavery, and guaranties in some form their right
to enter with their slaves? I understand the ma-
jority of the judges of the Supreme Court in the
Dred Scott case to say that the Congress of the
United Stntes have not the power to prevent its
entrance; but I do not understand any one of the
judges of the Supreme Court to distinctly affirm
that the Constitution enters the Territory and.
repeals or abrogates the former and previous law
against slavery, and gives the right to enter with
propei ty in slaves. I say, therefore, when you,
repiesenting slaveholding citizens of your State,
stand here insisting that we deny any of their
constitutional rights, you say it without any
foundation, in my opinion, in constitutional law.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator allow me
to mteirupt him?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not at present. There
are one or two points that I desire to discuss, and
I hope I shall be allowed to do so now.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is merely in relation to
that matter of law, and it is this: Mexico, you
know, was a Catholic country 
Mr DOOLITTLE. Well, sir, I do not wish
to go into that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman may raise
a question as to what the Mexican law was. "With-
out any discourtesy, I do not propose to go into
a discussion about that.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, admitting, for tne
sake of aigument, that it was a Cathohccountry,
then a mairiage could not be solemnized except
by a Catholic priest 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor'
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire not to be drawn
into an argument about the Catholic religion.
Mr. WIGFALL. You do not want to hear
the facts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When I wish to enter
into an argument on that subject, it will be on
some other day and in some other place. I nm
talking now upon this subject, and do not desire
to be drawn off. I am coming down to the r^al
point m this contioveisy I wish to bring gen-
