1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Secretary read the first amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, which was, in
page 2, line twelve, under the heading "survey
of the coast," to strike out "one hundred" ana
insert " two hundred and fifty;" so that the clause
will read:
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast
of the United Statps, (including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and emoluments
ot officers ot the Army and Navy, and petty otficeis and
men of the Navy employed on the work,) $550,001).
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
is, "Will the Senate concur in this amendment?"
Mr. GRIMES. This bill, as it came from the
House, appropriated various items for the benefit
of the coast survey 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest, as I
have before, that the Senate has decided once to
go through with the amendments to the bill, to
see what were objected to, and what were not.
The Clerk understands that, I suppose. Those
that are not objected to may be considered as con-
curred in; and then we can return and take up
those objected to and reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be laid aside as one objected to.
The next amendment made as in committee,
was, in line sixteen, page '2, to strike out "one
hundred and seventy" and insert "one hundred
and thirty," so that (he clause would read:
For continuing the survey of the western coast of the
United States, includnigcompensation of civilians engaged
in the work, $130,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I will suggest that all the
amendments on that page are of the same char-
acter, in regard to the coast survey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
laid aside as objected to.
The next amendment was, on page 3, after line
forty, to insert the following:
To provide for a steam vessel in place of the steainei
Walker, lost by collision at sea, §45,000.
The PRESIDING OFKiCER. Is there ob-
jection to this amendment? If not, it will be con-
sidered as concuired in. The Chair hears no
objection.
The next amendment was, on page 4, line sixty-
seven, to strike out the word " eight" and insert
"ilve;" so that the clause will read;
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and incidental ex-
penses of foity-flve light-vessels, $170,987 70.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection made to this amendment? No objection
being made, it will be entered as concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest, if no objection
be made, that we take a vote on all the amend-
ments not objected to at once, and not a separate
vote on each. It will save a great deal ot time.
Let the Cierk read them; and if there is any ob-
jection to any one, let linn pass it over, and then
let us take a vote on all not objected to, and after-
wards take up those that arc objected to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I had stated
once or twice that the Senate agreed that the
amendments should be read over, and if any mem-
ber wanted to reserve one for a vote he might do
so; if nobody made that request, it was consid-
ered as adopted, without any particular vote upon
it. That is the rule, and that has been the prac-
tice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be proceeded with.
The next amendment was, in line ninety-three,
on page 5, to strike out the word "expenses,"
and insert " re paiis;" so that the clause will read:
For repaid and incidental expenses of nineteen light-
houses and buildings cominected therewith, $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection made to this amendment? If not,it will
be considered as concurred in.
The next amendment was, on page 7, in line
one hundred and fifty-five, to insert the words
"and the roads appui tenant thereto owned by the
United States;" so that the clause will read:
For repairs of the Potomac, navy-yaid, and uppei hi idges,
and the road-* appmtenant thereto owned by the United
States, $3,000.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Isthisamond-
ment objected to? If not, it will be entered as
concurred in.
The next amendment was, after line one hun-
dred and sixty-eight, on page 8, to insert:
To complete the inclosing of Judiciary square m Wash-
ington city, as required by the sixtli section of the act of
the 3d of March, 1857, including the gradingof the grounds,
$10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is this amend-
ment objected to? If not, it will be considered as
concurred in by the Senate. The amendment is
concurred in.
The next amendment made in Committee of
the Whole was, m line one hundred and seventy-
eight, in page 8, after the word " thirty," to in-
sert " five;" so that the clause will read:
For the support, clothing, and medical and moral treat-
ment of the m>ane of the District of Columbia, and of the
Atmy and Navy and of the revenue service, at the asylum
in said Distnct, including books and incidental expenses
of the asylum, $35,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is this amend-
ment objected to? If not, it will be entered as
concurred in. The Chair hears no objection.
The next amendment was, after line one hun-
dred and seventy-nine, on the same page, to insert
the following:
For lepairs and painting of four western or fiist erected
sections of the ho-pital edifice, including additions to the
tuuntme and gardener's houses-, and outbuildings and
lenees; ice-houses, including preserving cellar, extension
ot stable foi storage of hay and other fodder, and shelter of
farm wagons and "carts; and inclosing two sides of faim-
ymri with brick wall; improvement of giounds, including
jnvement mu rounding ail the buildings; grading and plant-
ing tree*, paving guttcis, and placing seats in the pleasure
giounds ot the patients; forcing and green-houses, includ-
ing apparatus ; fitting up two bowling alleys, one m base-
ment of cach wing, $8,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objec-
tion to this amendment? If not, it will be entered
as concurred in. The Chair hears no objection.
The next amendment was, after line one hun-
dred and mnety-one, on page 9, to insert the fol-
lowing:
For extending the stone and brick wall already forming
a p'utof the cxtcrioi hnundaiy ot u portion of the hospital
ground-., with a view of eventually inclosing the whole
uaet m the same way, $t0,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objec-
tion to this amendment? If not, it will be entered
cis concurred in. It is concuned in.
The next amendment was, on page 9, to strike
out linos two hundred and two to two hundred
and four, inclusive, in the following words:
" For drawings to initiate the icport of the Commis-
sioner of Patents loi the yeai J8til, $G,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, this amendment will be considered as
concurred m. The Chair hears no objection.
The next amendment was, in line two hundred
and seven, on page 9, to insert the word " prop-
agation;" so that the clause will read:
For collection of agrieultuial statistics, investigations
foi pioiuotms; amicuiiuie and una) economy, and the pio-
omemenr, propagation, and dKtiibution of cuttings and
seed.-, .^G0,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless objec-
tion is made, this amendment will be considered
as concurred in. The amendment is concurred
in.
The next amendment was, on page 10, line two
hundred and sixteen, to strike out " fourteen hun-
dred " and insert " two thousand," and after the
word "dollars " to insert "so much thereof as
may bo necessary to be applied to the deficiency
in tiiat fund for the present fiscal year;" so that
the clause will read:
For expenses of iceeivimr, arranging, and taking eare of
copyiight hooks, chai t*, and other copyright matter, .$2,000,
so much theieofas may be neees^arj, to be applied to the
deficiency in that fund for the present fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be considered as
concurred in.
The next amendment was, to strike out from
lines two hundred and twenty-three to two hun-
dred and twenty-six inclusive, in the following
words:
u Foi the preservation of the collections of the exploring
and •siavcying expeditions of the Government, and the
const!uction of suitable cases to receive said collections,
§6,000."
And to insert, in lieu thereof:
For the distribution of the collections of the exploring
and suiveviiig expedition® oi the Gov* rnment, and tiie eon-
Miiution oi additional ea-c.3 to leccive ouch paitof fcaid
collections a > may be letam^d by the Government, §{5,000;
such distribution to be only to institutions willing to receive
the same, and at tnen own expense.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be made to this amendment, it will be consid-
ered as concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator who
moved the amendment to that amendment* will
hardly insist upon it." It leave's the frhafe $6,000
to be appropriated, as it is understood, to the erec-
tion of cases. The chairman of the comrmttee
understands the matter better than I do, and I
wish he would explain it to the Senate. If hfeis
satisfied with the amendment to the amendment,
I have no objection to it myself.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it would be better to
alter it; but if the Senator from North Carolina
still insists upon it, I will agree to let it go as it is.
I think, myself, it amounts to nothing at all.
Mr. BRAGG. I care nothing in the world
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I hope the Senate
will not concur in the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made to th% amendment, it will be laid aside with
the others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest that there
is an amendment, in line two hundred and twenty,
on that page, which has been passed over, striking
out the words " and distribution."
Mr. PEARCE. That was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that those words were not in the
orignal bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. It is all right,
then.
The next amendment was, on page 12, in line
two hundred and sixty-two, to strike out " twen-
ty," and insert " thirty;" so that the clause will
read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims in
California, to be disbursed at the rates prescribed by law
for the different kinds of work, $30,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made to this amendment, it will be considered
as concurred in. It is concurred in.
The next amendment was, in line two hundred
and seventy-one, on the same page, to strike out
the word " when," and insert " where;" so that
the clause will read:
For salaiy of the clerk detailed for the special service in
the General Land Office, to attend to the unfinished surveys
in the States where the offices of the surveyors general
iiave been closed, $2,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, the amendment will be considered as
concurred in. The Chair hears no objection.
The next amendment was, after line two hun-
dred and seventy-eight, on the same page, to in-
sert the following proviso:
Provided, That the proviso in the clause of the act ap-
proved 23d June, I860, apptopriaung $8,000 to cairyinto
effect the act approved the 16th day of May, 1860, creating
an additional land district in Washington Territory, be, ana
the same laliereby, lepealed.
So that the clause will read:
For surveying the public lands in Washington Territory,
at the rates now authorized bylaw, $15,000: 'Provided, That
the piovi^o in the cluwe of the net approved 23d June,
1860, appiopriatiiig ,$8,000 to carry into effect the act ap-
ptoved the 16tii day of May, 18C0, creating an additional
laud distnct m Washington Teriuory, be, and the same is
hoitby, repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, this amendment will be entered as con-
curred in. It is concurred in.
The next amendment was, on page 13, line two
hundred and eighty-four, to strike out "five "and
insert " three;'* so that the clause will read:
Foi preparing the unfinished records of public and pri-
vate surveys, to be transfcired to the State authorities,
under the pio visions of the act of 12th June, 1840, m those
districts where the surveys are about being completed,per
act of 22d of January, 1833, $8,800.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair will
consider this amendment as concurred in, if there
be no objection.
The nextamendment was, on page 13, after line
two hundred and eighty-five, to insert:
To supplv deficiency in appropriation for expenses for
the present fiscal year, of nansportatlon of bullion from the
assay office, at New York, to the Mint at Philadelphia, for
coinage, $-29,000.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be considered as
concurred in.
The next amendment was, on page 13, after line
two hundred and eighty-nine, to insert:
For constructing oncach floor of the Government build-
ing cailed '• Winder's Building," the necessary water-
closets, urinals, slop-water sink3, and hose-cocks, $tf,450.
