1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
xnent will be entered as concurred in, if no objec-
tion be interposed by any Senator. *
The next amendment was, on page 13, after line
two hundred and ninety-three, to insert:
For payment to George P. Kane, president of the Ex-
change Company, of Baltimore, for extra work done on the
post office building in the city of Baltimore, $9,688 82.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, this amendment will be considered as
concurred in.
The next amendment was, on page 13, after line
two hundred and ninety-seven, to insert:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including wast-
age ( ~ the Mint at Philadelphia, m addition to the sum
appropriated by the act making appropriations for Hie
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment," $15,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be considered as concurred in, if no Sen-
ator interposes an objection.
Thenextamcndment was, inline three hundred
and two, on page 13, to insert:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including wast-
age at the mint at San Francisco, in addition to the sum
appropriated by the act "making uppiopriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment," §*20,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, this amendment will be entered as
concurred in.
The next amendment was, on page 14, after line
three hundred and seven, to insert:
To enable the President of the United States to carry
into effect tlx- act of March 3, 1819, and any subsequent
acts now in force, for the s.uppre.-sion of the slave tiade,
$900,000; and the President is hereby authouzed to allow
such compensation to the United States marshals, diMiiet
attorneys, and any other peiponsemployed m enlorcing«-aul
laws, as may to him teem pioper, for an> --emee* the> may
rendei,foi which no allowance can now be made uncle'i
existing l«uv&.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, the amendment will be considered as
concurred in.
The Secietary read the following amendment:
JUnd be it further enacted. That the sum of $^0,01)0, or so
much thereof as mav be noco^aiy lor tin; pm po->e, be, and
is heieby, appropriated lor the payment loi material*) de-
livered lor the extension of the Tiea^uiy building usidei
existing eontiacts ; and that the further sum ol ,^^.>0,000 be
also appiopuated for the continuance ol tin* woik on such
extension.
No objection being made, the amendment was
considered as concurred in.
The next amendment was road, as follows:
And be itjinthcr enacted, That the Commissioner of In-
dian A flairs beili reeled in examine The accountant Hi igham
Youne, late Governor of the Utah Territory and ex otfu u
superintendent of Indian aftaiin, for di^bur-ements alleged
to have been made by him on account of the Indian -ei vice
in said Territoiy, and report a statement thereof to Con-
gress.
The amendment was considered as concurred
in, no objection being made.
The Secretary read the next amendment:
And he itfmther enacted, That the judge of the divtuct
com t (hi the district of Minnesota n hereby icquiiid to hold
a term ol jhe <-.ud court m each year at Mankato, to com-
mence on thefiiNt Monday of June, instead of Preston, as
now rcquued by law , and so much of the act of ('ongiesa
appioved Match 3, 18 >9, lequirmg the said judge to hold a
term for the said court at Preston, is hereby lepealed.
No objection being made, the amendment was
concurred in.
The following amendment was concurred in,
no objection being made:
And be it further cnactcd, That the trea^uier of the branch
mint at £?au I'l.meiseo, California, be, and he is hereby,
directed tn pay to Michael Casein,administrator of the es-
tate of James CiMn, deceased, the sum of $391, bein  the
valueol twenty two ounces oi gold du&t depoMtcd by James
Cdf&m, decea>cd, in the year ]8jf>,and by mistake eiedited
to John Cas&m.
The Secretary read the following amendment:
Anil he U further enacted, That to enable the Supeim-
tcndeM of Public Printing to execute the binding and rul-
ing, and to tiiuush blank books foi the legislative, execu-
tive. and judicial departments, atter the 1th of March, IS01,
in .'if-eord«tiice with the ptovi>ioii" oi the joint re-olution
of Jinn1 It-'SO, " ui lelation to the public punting:," the
Sec.et.il> o! the Tr 'a-iirv be, and he is herein, dm cted to
pi.ice to the eredit of the Supennt<'ndentoJ Ptibjjc Printing
the smn^ iieretoiore appropriated tor binding, ruling, ami
blank book- for the .said Departments leispectivel} ; and
snould tlu* 1'iintf r* or Omdcis to the present Congress, or
etiher oi Them, decline oi fail to execute any of the punting
or binding ordered by the Senate or House of Keptesenta-
tives (hiring ih< present session, '.he Superintendent of Pub-
lic Prmling, hereb) authouzod and directed to cause the
pruning or binding so ordeied and directed to be executed
under the provisions of the joint resolution hereinbefore
referred to.
No objection being interposed, the amendment
was considered as concurred in.
The following amendment was concurred in,
no objection being made:
To pay for labor on, and materials furnished for, the Post
Office extension, $16,000.
The following amendment was concurred in,
no objection being made:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to make the pay-
ment authorized by the resolution of the Senate of March
20, I860, to Mrs. E. A. Linn, $2,672.
The following amendment was concurred in,
no objection being made:
For compensation of puperintendentof Indian affairs and
three additional agents, in Washington Teiritory, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, $2,527 77.
For compensation of superintendentof Indian affairs and
three additional agents, in Washington Teiritory, for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1862, $7,000.
The amendment making an appropriation for
the construction of a sewer on Flushing avenue,
and through the navy-yard grounds at Brooklyn,
was reserved, being excepted to by Mr. Douglas.
The amendment making an appropiiation for
the Capitol extension was excepted to by Mr.
Bikgizam.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed to read the amendments which have
been excepted, and a separate vote will be taken
on each.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was to strike out u $100,001)," and
insert41 $250,000," in the following clause:
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast
of the United States, including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and emoluments
of oinccis of the Army and Navy, and petty olheer& and
men of the Navy employed on the work, ,^100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Tin? bill, as it came from the
House of Ltupiesentauves, appropriated $272,000
for purposes connected with the prosecution of
the coast survey. The Committee on Finance
of this body have added to that, $237,000, making
the total amount that is pioposed to be appro-
priated by this lull for the coast survey, $509,000.
The committee of this body lias not assigned any
reason why this stun should be added to the
amount included in the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives, as it was proposed
there by the comnnttee who have in their hands
the ptepatation of the ways and means for carry-
ing on the Government. 1 suppose, however, it
may be predicated upon the estimates of the De-
partment.
I am not going to put myself in antagonism, at
tlustimojto the coast survey. I know that would
be perfectly ust less. I am not prepared to say
that the coast survey is nut of material advant-
age to our commerce. I admit that it is; and 1
am willing to agioe, too, that it is important in
point of naval defense; but it does seem to me
that we should have some evidence, before wo
are culled on to vote $500,000 a year, as we haye
been now for seveial successive years, that this
coast survey is to terminate at some particular
time. We have appropiiated since 1843, for the
prosecution of the coast survey, $6,952,410; and
when you ask those connected with it when it is
to end, when this constant drain upon the Treas-
ury is to cease, they toll you twelve or fifteen
years hence. The appropriations have been con-
stantly increasing, it was thought, in 1843, that
in twenty years from that time, with an appro-
priation of $100,000 a year, it could be completed.
Nineteen years of that time have already elapsed,
and instead of spending $2,000,000, we have spent
nearly seven million dollars. The total amount
we have spent on the coast survey, $6,952,410,
almost seven million dollars; but, as I said be-
fore, I do not rise for the purpose of putting my-
self m opposition to the coast survey. I am
willing to vote the amount appropriated by the
House of Representatives; but I do not believe it
is expedient, in the present condition of the Treas-
ury, to appropriate this laige amount, and 1 do
not believe we can safely spare the officers of the
Army and Navy, who are now engaged in the
prosecution of this work, from the regular line of
their duty. I think we shall have necessity for
having them engaged in some other business.
But my principal purpose in making the sug-
gestion at this time, is to place myself right on
the record, so that hereafter, when requisitions
of this kind shall be made upon'me, my vote in
favor of the amount asked for by the Committee
on Finance of the Senate shall not be quoted upon
me as a precedent why 1 should continue to vote
$500,000 a year for this purpose during the time
that I may be in the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is right in sup-
posing that the Committee on Finance moved to
restore the appropriations to the amount esti-
mated for. He is right in supposing that the
aggregate sum appropriated is larger than it was
last year by $45,000; and that was rendered ne-
cessary by the sinking of the best vessel, an iron
steamer which was employed on the coast sur-
vey. It was necessary to replace that, if we were
to carry on the work; and that appropriation of
$45,000 was, therefore,necessary; and that is the
increase of the appropriation for the present year.
TheHouse ofRepresentadvcs seem to have struck
down, withoutvery much consideration,all these
appropriations. The amount asked for the sur-
vey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the United
States, including compensation of civilians, &c.,
was $250,000 by the estimates. They reduced it
to $100,000. One motive which the Committee on
Finance had for restoring the estimates in regard
to this appropriation is this: as the Senate will
perceive from the reading of the amendment, out
of this you take all the expenses of the organiza-
tion of the ofiice, of the establishment here, en-
graving, printing, electrotyping, computing, and
ail the various operations which are carried on in
that large establishment. That costs about sev-
enty thousand dollars a year. It requires extraor-
dinary skill, unusual aptitude, in work of this
sort; and if you break up the organization, scatter
it, disperse it, you cannot resume H again very
promptly, and you, m fact, pursue a mode of ex-
penditure very far from being economical, by
adopting that plan. Now, if you take $70,000 a
year, for the support of the oiganization, from the
appropiiation of $100,000, you leave but $30,000
for the survey of tlip whole Atlantic and Gulf
coast. But some may say that in the Gulf coast
is included the coast of seceding States, where we
ought not to pursue the survey. If there be no
restoration of the Union to what it was before the
secession of those States, of course the coasts of
those particular States will not be surveyed duiing
the ensuing fiscal year; but there is ample oppor-
tunity for applying the whole of the money appro-
priated by the amendment to the remaining coast
of the United States. Whoever will look at the
map of the coast survey, which shows its progress,
will perceive that about five eighths of the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts has been done; but there are large
portions of it where the hydrography has been
scarcely touched. That is the case along the coast
of Maine, a very important coast, a very rugged
coast, and one remarkably indented. The lines,
counting from headland to headland, are only
about three hundred and eighty-four miles; but
accoidmg to the indentations, Maine has a coast
of twenty-three hundred miles and upwaids, and
of that the hydrography has not been done at
all. Of other points, the hydrography has been
done along the shore line, which is about ten
miles from the coast; but the law which formerly
required the hydrography to extend to one hun-
dred fathoms of water now requires it to be car-
ried out to the inner edge of the Gulf stream; and
there is a very large space, that any one may per-
ceive who will look at the map, of deep-water
surveying to be done, even where the hydrog-
raphy has made considerable progress; on the
coast of Maine scarcely any has been done.
Then there is an interval between Nantucket
and George's shoals, a. very important place for
mariners, which has been directed to be surveyed:
and none of that hydrography has been done. So,
also, there is a large portion of the deep-water
soundings from Cape Henlopen to Cape Charles,
of which none has been done, though the inner
shore line of ten miles has been ; and so along the
coast of North Caiolina there has been very little
hydrography, not even the shore line done, down
to Cape Hatteras. At Cape Hatteras it has been
done shortly above and shortly below, and so at
Cape Lookout; but below these points, and from
Cape Fear, in the southern part of North Caro-
lina, up to Cape Henry, very little hydrography
has been done at all. A great deal has been done
on the coast of New Jersey and Long Island, and
around Nantucket; but there is a vast deal of
