206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
ing of the Journal is concluded, that there is no
quorum present, and I desire to call attention to
this rules
"Touching the Doty of the Speaker.—1, He shall
take the chair, every day, precisely at the hour to which
the Ilou^e shall have adjourned on the preceding day; shall
immediately call the members to order; and, on the ap-
pearance of a quorum, shall cause the Journal of the pre-
ceding day to be lead."
The SPEAKER. If the point is made by any
member, the reading of the Journal must be sus-
pended until it be ascertained whether a quorum
is present.
Mr. JONES. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask my friend
from Georgia to withdraw his point of order, and
his motion for a call of the House. This is the
first morning the House has met since the adjourn-
ment over Christmas, and I presume it is doubt-
ful whether there is a quorum in the city. Let
the Journal be read,and then the House will per-
haps adjoin n immediately.
Mr. JONES. With the understanding that the
House will adjourn as soon as the Journal is
read, I will withdraw the motion for a call of the
House.
Mr. IIINDMAN. I renew the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew my call for the
yeas and nays. My reason is that there will
probably be a quorum present by the time the
vote is taken by yeas and nays, and that there
will probably be no necessity for a call of the
House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays 109; as follows:
YEArf—Messrs. Alien, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, IJab-
bitt, ttarrer, Bugsrs,, Casey, Clopton, Burton Craige, Ed-
niumkou, ICtheudsje, John T. Harris, Ilindman, Hughes,
Jenkins, Jonef, Lnnabee, Logan, Lovejoy, McClernand,
Million, J«aae N. j\Ionn, IYttit, Peyton, Spinnei, Stokes,
Vallaiidiglmni, and Wells—28.
NAVS— Messrs Charles F. Adams, Alduch, A*hlev,
Avery, lJeale, Bingham, Blair, Bocock, Botelor, Bmyton,
Bristow, BulRnton, 13urch, Burriham, Campbell, Case, John
B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conklinsr, Coi win,
Cox, Urawfoid, Curry. Curtis, IL Winter Davis, John G.
Davis, Pe Jarnette, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Famsworth, Fen-
ton, Foster, French,Gartrcll, Gooch, Hamilton, Ilaideman,
J. Morrison Harris. Ilatton, fielmick, Hoaid, Holman,
Houston, William Howard, William A. Howard, Hum-
phrey, Ilutehins, Irvine, Junkm, Fiancis W.Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgorc, Kmikel,DoWittC.Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, LoomisLove, Marston, Elbert S. Mar-
tin, Maynard, MeKean, McKenty, MePherson, Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Monis,
Morc-o, Nelson, Niblaek, Noell, Pendleton, Perry, Porter,
Ctuarles, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, John II. Reynolds,
Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royee, Rust,
Scott, fcJhoiman, Singleton, Spaulding, Stanton, Steven?,
Tappan, Taylor, Thomas, Tompkins, Tumble; Vance,
Vandever, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Whiteley, Wilson, Windom, Window, Woodiufl*. and
Wright—109.
So the House refused to order u call.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BOTELER stated that he luul paired off
with Mr. Moorfigad; but would vote upon this
motion in order to show whether a quorum was
present
Mr. COBB. On Monday last I supposed it
would be impossible for me to be here to-day. 1
entered into an arrangement with the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. French] to pair with him. I
suppose, however, there will be no objection to
my voting upon this question.
Several Members on the Republican side. No
objection.
Mr. COBB. I vote " no."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 'I feel constrained
to object—inasmuch as, although the gentleman
from Alabama is here in his personal substance,
he is not here legislatively. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLA III said that Mr. Graham had paired
with Mr. Burnett.
Mr. Q,CARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Cruolinu, had paired with Mr. Edgerton.
Mr. DE JARNETTE said his colleague, Mr.
Leaki:, had paired with Mr. Rice.
Air. COLFAX snid that Mr. McKnigiit was
detained from the House in consequence of the
death of a member of his family.
Mr. STOUT said he had paired off with Mr.
Nixon: otherwise he would vote "ay.''
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said he had paired
with Mi. Potter.
Mr. HOLMAN said Mr. English had paired
with Mr. Clark B. Cochrane.
Mr. HUGHES said he had paired with Mr.
McKnight, but would consider himself at liberty
to vote on this question.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the reading of
the names was dispensed with.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The reading of the Journal of Monday was
resumed and completed.
adjournment over.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that motion. There i?s no use in
wasting the time of the House in this way.
Mr. HINDMAN called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Tiic yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. RUST. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the latter motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If theie be no objection, the
gentleman will have leave to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Mr. Speaker,
I desire your very careful attention and that of
the House to the explanation I have to make. I
find in the Boston Journal, a copy of which I
have before me,a dispatch taken from the Boston
Herald, to this effect:
" It appears upon investigation that the bonds weie stolen
for the use of the central Breckinridge club during the late
presidential election."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I believe it has been over and over
again decided that newspaper paragraphs are not
a sufficient foundation for personal explanations
to be made in this House. If it is to be allowed
to one, it must be allowed to all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly stated
that it would be permitted if there was no objec-
tion. He heard no objection, and it is now too
late to raise it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I raided the objec-
tion as soon as I could ascertain the character of
the explanation,the gentleman proposed to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he gave
abundant time for any gentleman to make objec-
tion; but no objection was made, and he thinks
it is now too late to raise objection.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Washing-
ton stated, as I understood him, that he rose to a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman stated that
he rose to a personal explanation.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to call the attention of
the Speaker to the fact that a few days ago my
colleague [Mr. McClernand] also rose to a per-
sonal explanation, and was permitted to proceed
until he had partially read a paragraph in a news-
paper, when objection was made, and the Chair i
decided that my colleague could not proceed. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois '
will remember that on the occasion to which he j
relets his colleague stated that he rose to a privi- j
leged question; and the Chair decided, when ob- !,
jection was made, that it was not a privileged tl
question. Thegontleman from Washington now, !!
however, stated that he rose to a personal expla-
nation; and the Chair put the question to the
House whether there was objection to his pro-
ceeding,and no objection was made.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 ask that this question be now
settled.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the Chair has made a decision
on the point of order presented, and unless an
appeal is taken from that decision, I hold that
debate is not in order,
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a proper point, and
I hope the gentleman will insist on it.
Mr. LOGAN. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. I do so with no discourtesy
toward the gentleman from Washington, but be-
cause I do not want other gentlemen of this House
to have privileges upon this floor which have been
denied to one of my colleagues.
The SPEAKER,. Nobody wqjuld regret more
than the Chair to know that the gentleman's col-
league was treated differently from other members.
Certainly the Chair has never meant to do other
than his duty as the presidingofficerof the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to prevent
the gentleman from Washington making his ex-
planation; but I do think that this is the proper
point for bringing to the attention of the Chair
and the House the point of order which neces-
sarily grows out of the proposed personal expla-
nation. I have always understood that personal
explanations proposed to be made m this House
must, under the rules, relate to something that
occurred in the House, or to something that may
be found in the official organ of the House. To
such personal explanations 1 do not object, nor
do I think the House will object to them. But
the personal explanation which the gentleman
asks the privilege of making, is of an entirely dif-
ferent character. He asks the privilege of reply-
ing to some newspaper article, something not
connected with the official proceedings of this
House. If we permit gentlemen to make such
personal explanations, we will give a latitude to
our proceedings that must, destroy the harmony
and seriously interfere with the business of the
House. I make the point of order, and 1 ask for
the Chair's decision.
Mr. FLORENCE. The House is the best
judge, of whether that is or is not a good point;
and the House has already given the gentleman
unanimous consent to make his personal expla-
nation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House is the best
judge of the point of order, then 1 hope the gen-
tleman will take his seat, and let the House de*
cide it. I have no doubt thd House will give a
good judgment on the matter.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 submit that, pending an
appeal, another point of order is not m order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not be interrupted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I have a right
to state my point of order, and I do not want to
be interrupted every moment by little things
which have no relevancy to the matter before the
House,
Mr. FLORENCE. I am submitting myself
to a decision of the Chair on one point of order,
and I insist that the gentleman from Alabama is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the right to state his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is just what I propose
to do. All I ask is that I may be saved from con-
stant interruption. My point of order is this:
the gentleman from Washington Territory pro-
poses, as a matter of personal explanation, that
which has no connection with his official conduct
here, and which is no part of any transaction
which has occurred in this House. It is nothing
which has found its way into any of the official
proceedings of the House, either upon the Jour-
nal or in the Congressional Globe, and it cannot
therefore, under the rules, properly be a subject-
niatterof personal explanation. That is my point
of order, and I ask the Chair to decide it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chair has already
decided that question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
He has not decided it, for it was not brought to
his attention until I raised it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Wash-
ington Territory asked leave to make a personal
explanation. The Chair stated the question to
the House. There was no objection to granting
the request at the time, and the gentleman from
Washington proceeded to submit his remarks.
The Chair is of the opinion that the gentleman is
entitled to be heard, the objection now coming
too late.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. An appeal has been
taken from the decision of the Chair. *
