1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope that my col-
league will withdraw his appeal from the decision
of the Chair. It is true that I was cut off the
other day ungenerously—perhaps I might use a
stronger term, but I will not—it is true that I was
cut oft the other day by a gentleman on the other
side of the^ House, but the example is not worthy
of being followed; and I therefore appeal to my
colleague to withdraw his appeal from the de-
cision of the chair.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr.STIiVENS,ofWashington, Mr.Speaker,
in the Boston Herald, of Monday last, appears
this paragraph:
"ft appears, npon invcrtigation, that the bonds wore
stolen to borrow motley on lot theuseof the central Breclt-
imidge club during the late presidential election; and the
crisis m mowtiuy atl<urs has prevented the return of the
bonds bctoio the usual time to use them lor then legitimate
putposes."
And the "Washington correspondent of The
World, oi'New York city, writes, under date of
the 24tli instant, as follows:
" The robbery of the Interior Department has caused
some speculation here. It is thought by some, who are
deemed au fail in Department information, that the defal-
cation of the bonds lias been going on since the commence-
ment of the piesidential campaign, and that the Breciun-
udsfo campaign elub and Mr. Secretary Cobb know exactly
iiow the securities were used and for what purpose. There
is little doubt but a laige portion of the bonds were depos-
ited as collateral for thepajmentof moneys raided to carry
on the presidential campaign on behalf of Mr. Breckin-
ridge.''
Those, sir, are the two paragraphs to which my
attention was called last evening; and they seem
important enough to me to arrest the notice of
this House. It was my fortune to be the chair-
man of the Breckinridge central committee; and
in the presence of the gentlemen of this House, I
will say that I endeavored to do my entire duty
in that committee, according to the best of my
ability. My heart was in the business; for I be-
lieved that, in my humble sphere, I was striking
a blow for the honor and the renown of my coun-
try, and for the perpetuity of its institutions. But
here, sir, is a false and calumnious animadversion
upon the honor and integrity of that committee,
and of my own honor and integrity as its chair*
man. I am not known to fame; but I am known
as a man who, for twenty years, has gone through
a life of peril, and has faced death more than once
in the discharge of his duty. I speak in the pres-
ence of men who know these facts; men who have
seen me at the head of the forlorn hope when, in
the van of our victorious legions, I did my part
in the great drama of the second conquest of Mex-
ico. They well know that on my person I bear
the wounds of service.
In the far Northwest I have faced the savage
foe,endured the perilsandhardshipsofthe wilder-
ness, and done my part toward causing that wilder-
ness to blossom like the rose. I speak of facts
known to men upon this flooi; and this most false,
this most malicious slander, propagated against
an honorable body of men, requires here the most
severe rebuke I never knew, and I presume the
game is the case with the other members of the
Breckinridge committee, that such bonds were in
existence until Sunday evening, when the rob-
bery was made known. I have, this morning,
called on the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee raised to investigate this matter, and insisted
that he should probe it to the very bottom. Let
all the facts come out, and let the punishment fall
upon the guilty.
I desire to say a word or two more. From an
investigation which I made this morning, I have
ascertained that the words " upon investigation"
were an interpolation made in the Herald office
in Boston, and put into the telegram sent by its
reporter, a young gentleman from this city. The
reporter sent it as a rumor. The Herald published
it as a fact disclosed by actual investigation,
which shows a disposition foul and loathsome on
the part of that newspaper, and worthy of rebuke
and punishment; a disposition to resort to slander,
falsehood, and calumny for political purposes,
and to break down an organization simply be-
cause it was adverse to the one with which its
fortunes arc allied. And by observing the lan-
guage in the World it will be seen that—
" It i < 'i iiouctHt ly some, mho are deemed an J ait in De-
■paitment information^ that the defalcation ot the bonds has
been «oing on s>mce the commencement of the presidential
camp uen, and that the Breckinridge campaign club and
Mr. Secretary Cobb know exactly how the securities were
used, and for what purpose."
Thus the hard-earned reputation of honorable
men is exposed to the irresponsible reports and
declarations of this foul and filthy horde of scav-
engers who creep in the gutters and endeavor to
cast their slime upon men upon whom they are
not worthy to look. In the investigation of this
great crime of the robbery of the Indian bonds
from the Interior Department, I would be glad if
the committee could do something to put a stop
to this slanderous and malignant defamation of
character. I close by saying that we, the mem-
bers of the Breckinridge committee, defy investi-
gation; we court investigation; we demand in-
vestigation at the hands of the committee. It is
with pride we can look all men in the face, and
that no man has it in his power to cast any stain
upon us. Knowing full well that my operations
m the canvass were governed by honor and truth,
I nevertheless deem it my duty now, and at ail
times, to vindicate my own reputation, and to
brand, as they deserve, the false aspersions of the
slanderer and the calumniator.
LtJDOVICCS BELDING.
Mr. RUST, by unanimous consent, introduced
the petition of the heirs of Ludovicus Belding, for
the issue' of a patent on an entry made by them
under the preemption act of the 29th of May,
1830, of one quarter section of land in West Wash-
ington land district, Arkansas, together with the
accompanying documents; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 hope the gentle-
man from Virginia will allow me a single word
in reference to the allusion made by the gentleman
from Washington Territory.
Mr. JONES. I object to debate.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
insists upon his objection, of course I will desist.
Mr. BOCOCK. JTwill yield to the gentleman
from Illinois with great pleasure.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I was merely going
to say that the gentleman from Washington did
call upon me, as chairman of the select commit-
tee, this morning, and say that he desired an in-
vestigation. I replied to him, as of course it was
my duty to do, that I had no control over the
matter, but would with pleasure Jay any commu-
nication he might make before the committee for
theiraction, leaving them to determine what should
be done in the premises.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE.
Mr. BOCOCK. On Monday last, in pursu-
ance of a suggestion made by the Secretary of
the Interior, and under a resolution regularly
passed by this House, a sclcct committee of five
was appointed to inquire into and report upon an
embezzlement and defalcation which has lately
occurred in the Department of the Interior. I
did not hear that committee announced at that
time. After the House adjourned I ascertained
that the Speaker had done me the honor to place
me upon that committee. I had no opportunity
then, of course, to ask to be excused; and I avail
myself of this, the first occasion which has pre-
sented itself, to ask that favor of the House. It
is an important committee, and the duties of the
committee ought to be promptly and efficiently
discharged. In consequence of business arrange-
ments at home, I am liable to be called away from
the city any day—I do not know when—to be
gone several days. I do not desire to keep that
committee waiting my return, and I would be
unwilling that they should prosecute their labors
in my absence. I am already entitled, by the
rules of this House, to exemption from service
on the committee. By the 63d rule, a person
already in service upon two committees of the
House has a right to claim exemption, if he
thinks proper, from service upon a third com-
mittee. I am already a member of two regular
committees of the House. But I do not care to
press that point; for I prefer, under the circum-
stances I first stated, to throw myself upon the
generosity of the House, and ask them to excuse
me. I wish to say, in doing so, that I return
my acknowledgment to the Speaker for the
compliment he paid me in placing mc upon the
committee. I desire also to say, that in taking
this step I mean not the slightest discourtesy to
any gentleman upon the committee. I could
serve upon the committee with entire comfort to
myself, s6 far its the material of that commutes
is concerned; but I'do desirfr, under the'circurn-
stances, that the House shall excuse mc from
service.
The question was taken; and Mr,
excused. ' • • -
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mi*.
rubsiAs, of Tennessee, to fill the vacancy thus
occasioned. , '
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Hou^e re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to take up House
bill No. 865, known as the Indian bill. Perid- .
ing that motion, I move that that bill be made the
special order in committee. I will say' to to
House that the bill is a very long one, but it is
a formal bill, resting chiefly upon Indian treaties.
It will take a long time to read it, but it will not
occasion much discussion.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to lay
a special matter before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a moment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am instructed bv
the select committee of five, appointed to investi-
gate the alleged frauds in the Department of the
Interior, to offer the following, which they think
important that the House should adopt:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed under a
resolution of the House of the 24th instant, to investigate
the alleged frauds in the Department of the Interior, have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House, and at such
plaecs m this city or elsewhere as they may deem advisa-
ble ; also, that said committee be authorized to employ a
stenographer, at a rate not exceeding that paid to the ic-
porters oi the House for the Congressional Globe.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Illinois, what is the pros-
pect of the committee being required to sit in other
places ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would merely
state, in reply to the honorable gentleman from
New York, that the committee think it very prob-
able that they may be required to sit in some other
places—where, they have not exactly, at this
time, determined. They do not know what the
future may develop. They want the power to
sit at some other points, if it should become neces-
sary.
Mr. STANTON. That is a privilege which
has never been granted to any committee of the
House. At the last session of Congress the priv-
ilege was granted to one or two members of a
committee to go wherever testimony might be
found, for the purpose of taking testimony to be
used before the committee; butl have never known
an instance in which a select committee has been
authorized to leave the District, except in the case
of the Kansas investigating committee.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. There are certain
rccords at other points which we cannot get here.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am willing, so far as
I am concerned, to allow the committee to go
wherever they think proper to go, in order to effect
the object for which the committee was raised. I
would be willing to rely upon their discretion that
far; but unless the chairman of the committee can
satisfy me that there is a necessity for a stenog-
rapher to report the proceedings of this commit-
tee, I shall be very much inclined to vote against
that part of his resolution. Itis an extraordinary
proceeding;and unless there is some satisfactory
explanation upon that point, 1 shall move to strike
out that part of the resolution which relates to
the stenographer.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. In reply to my col-
league, I wish merely to state, in behalf of the
committee, that they think it will become imper-
atively necessary that they should hold their sit-
tings at some other point. We cannot now go
into an explanation of this matter before the
House. It would not be proper for me to do it.
I have consulted with the members of the com-
mittee since the objection was made. We think
the House ought to trust us with this discretion.
We think it is absolutely necessary.
Mr. KUNKEL. Mr. Speaker, I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Illinois,the chairman
of the select committee, that his resolution is de-
fective in two or three particulars. The employ-
ment of stenographers by select committees of
investigation of this nature always complicates
