THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 18G1.
New Series No. 74.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Will the Senate concur in the amendment?"
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment excepted to was to insert:
For tlie Capitol extension, $250,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment excepted to was to insert,
as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of .§00,000 be, arid
the same is hereby, appiopuated, out of any money in the
Tieasury not othenvi^e appropnated, the same being a
reappropriation of the same amount, which sum was ap-
propiiated on the 3d of March, lb57, and revolted to the
surplus luud of the Trea->uiy.to construct a sewer on Flush-
ing avenue, Brooklyn, New York, in continuation of that
now conducted, to such point on said avenue as shall be
detfiminod by the Navy Department, thence through the
United States giounds, or thiough \ underbill avenue, as
shall be decided by t-aul Dcpaitment. to the wateis oi the
Wallabout: Provided, The city of Brooklyn will agree to
pay one half of the expense of said sewei on Flushing
avenue.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That closes-
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill is before the Senate, and still
open to amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate that I objected to the appropriations for the
Treasury and Capitol extensions, and I desire to
have a separate vote on them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote has
been taken separately on every amendment that
was excepted to; and a vote cannot now be taken
on those amendments.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I now renew in Senate the
amendment which I offered before, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ask a vote upon
it. It is to inseit, as a new section:
•find be it further enacted, That the Sceietary of State be
dnected to audit and tile the account of Cholie* J. Helm,
consul "oneial ot the United State-, at Havana, upon the
principles of justice and equity, lor expenses inclined bv
him m prepanna and making the repoit.« and letum-*, and
bunging up the arrearages ot the business ot his piedeee«i-
soi in that olliccj and lor extra eleik hue m hi* ofhee, and
toi moneys advanced destitute Amencan cituon-, and lor
e\tta rent, and to pay the amount thereof, not exceeding
the sum of $8,lb8, out of any money m llie Tiea-uiy not
otherwise appiopiiated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must renew my objec-
tion to that amendment as a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of older being raised, the Chair will feel bound,
by the decision of the Senate, to rule the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I a$k the Chair to submitit
to the Senate again; and I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
taken to this amendment on the ground of its
being a private claim, and therefoie not admissi-
ble under the 30th rule; and the question is,
" Will the Senate receive this amendment under
the 30th rule, on a question of order*"
Mr. HEMPHILL. Is it in order to discuss
the merits of the proposition now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Iftheamendmentisreceived,
then it will be.
Mr. HEMPHILL. All I can say is, that I am
in favor of it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GRIMES' (when his name was called)
ontd: As a question of order the other day, I voted
against the admissibility of this proposition; but,
under the decision of the Senate in the case of
Mrs. Linn, and of Cassin, I bow to the decision
of the Senate, and vote " yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 24, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS - Messrs. Anthony. Bnrier, Bragg, fiincrman. Ont-
tenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, Gie>-n, Grimes. Hemphill,
Johnson of Arkansas. Lane, Latham. M.win, Nicholson,
Powell, Rice. Sebastian, Simmons, Thomson, Wigiall,
Wilkinson, and Wilt-on— ^4.
NAYS—-Messrs. Baker, Bingham, Chandler. Clark, Col
lamer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Hale, Harlan, John-
son of Tennessee, King
bull—15.
Morrill, Ten Eyck, and Trum-
So the Senate decided to rcceive the amendment
as in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 believe there is a verbal
correction necessary in the amendment. The
words "Secretary of State" should be "Secre-
tary of the Treasury;" or, if the Secretary will
insert the words, " and that the same be paid out
of the Treasury;" that will do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be interposed, that modification will be made by
common consent.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 will offer the amendment that
I offered the other day, to pay a balance of $448.
It is a settled account, and would have been paid
before, but for the law of the last session deny-
ing the right to use surpluses under one head for
deficiencies undei unuthei. It is bimply to enable
the Department to cany out the law. The amend-
ment is to add, at the end of the first section, the
following:
For payment of balance duo contractor for building the
custom-houses at IJeiiast and IlMvojth, in Maine, $'-11871.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I offer the following
amendment, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, as an additional section:
Jluil he it finthcr enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be duecied to a.sceitain and awaid to Dakm. Mood), Gil-
bei t, and Secor. such sum, u'an>, he m.n find to be due
to tlieni undei then eontiact dated Auiui t •!, (oi their
leases of the di\ docks on M.ue Inland, Cahioinia, and
then outlay and impiuvements in piovidni" accommoda-
tions to woik the same, and that he make his lopoit to the
next &e*sion ot Congress.
It will be discovered thatthis amendment makes
no appropriation. It only directs the Secretary
to report to the next Congress the amount, if
any, that may be found due to these parties.
Mr. GRIM ES. 1 move to strike out the word
" award," in the first line.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I think, if the Senator
will look at it, he will find that it does not requite
an award unless there is something found due.
Mr. GRIMES. But I do not, want an award
made at all. if this amendment is merely to settle
nn account, and to report to Congress whatever
may be due, I am willing it should pass; but it
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to state the
account, and make an award. That award will
be regarded as binding upon us.
Mr. NICHOLSON . That is part of the con-
tract between those parties and the Government,
that the Secietary shall make the awatd.
Mr. CLARK. I will suggest to the Senator
from Tennessee, if his object be simply to state
the amount, there can be no possible objection to
striking out the word "award," because the
amount can be stated without that.
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 do not think it will
change it, except the contract required the Secre-
tary to make this award. I have no soit of ob-
jection to the alteration, if anybody objects to it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 think you had better let it be
made, to avoid all diiHcuky.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Then I accept the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment being accepted, it will be
modified accordingly; and the question is on the
amendment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was concurred m.
Mr. DIXON. I offered on amendment by di-
rection of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. The amount is somewhat reduced
from what it was oiigmaliy. It is to insert, as a
new section:
•And he it further enacted. That the sum of $75,000, or so
much then of a- may be ncccmaiv for the purpose, bi>, and
is heteby. appiopnated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appiopnated, lor the payment for marble
finished or in piepaiation for the new custoui-huuse^at
Chailction, South Caiolma, under existing contract will)
i the Government; and Uie Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to pay such sum for such marble, or on ac-
count thereof, as shall be proportionate to its full value
delivered undei such contract. %
Mr. SIMMONS. This amendment, as modi-
fied, I think, must satisfy everybody. These peo-
ple have stopped work on this contract ever since
last June, and the amendment merely provides
for paying them for what they did before they
received notice to stop the work they had done
under the contract up to the time they received
notice that no appropriation was made, and they
should stop. They are under a subsisting con-
tract to go on doing this work whenever the Gov-
ernment calls on them; but for that portion of the
work which they did before we failed to make
an appropriation last .Tune, they ask to be paid;
and then they are subjcct to the order of the Gov-
ernment. Private individuals should not lose this
money that they have laid out in these marble
columns under the orders of the Government and
under the plans and specifications furnished them
under their contract. They are willing to give
up the job or resume it whenever the Government
instructs them to do so. All they ask is pay for
what they have done up to the time they were
given notice to stop.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out of the
amendment the words " or in preparation."
Mr. PEARCE. Before the question is put on
that amendment, I wish to ask whether this amend-
ment was not ruled out on Saturday last, as in
violation of the rule?
Mr. SIMMONS. We have reversed that ruling
two or three times to-day, and I trust we shall not
go back to it.
Mr. PEARCE. I renew that objection.
Mi. FESSENDEN. We icversed the rule in
one case, on which the chairman and several other
gentlemen did not vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest that
amendments are coming in to-day, which were
voted down on Saturday last in a full Senate; how
it is brought about, I do not know. But I think
there is a misapprehension on the part of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, in regard to the time when
work was stopped upon thiscustom-house. Why,
sir, 1 have been fighting this custom-house ever
since I have been in the Senate; for six years.
We have had the thing stopped; we stopped
the appropriations, if I remember rightly, two
years ago, on these extravagant custom-houses
at Charleston and New Orleans. I have not the
statutes before me; but I think it will be found
that we then passed a provision requiring the
proper officer to ascertain what it would take to
complete these buildings, upon which $5,000,000
had been expended. Here the parties go on un-
der contracts, as they tell us, that are made. I
never could understand, and never did understand,
upon what principle it was that such contracts
were made to an illimitable extent. We had bet-
ter stop this thing: we had better have stopped it
six years ago, and paid all the damages for the
violation of our contracts, than to have gone on
here, year after year, appropriating by the million
to build these magnificent palaces. Now, sir, it
is not only proposed here to pay for work that
has been done, but for work in process of prepa-
ration. I think it high time that we should stop
these appropriations. 1 hope there is no arrange-
ment by which these propositions, which were
ruled out of order the other day, and which are
clearly private claims, are to come in here to-day
as in order, when they were voted down in a full
Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not very much in the
habit of making arrangements, and that statement
does not affect me much. The Senator says that
this is work in course of preparation. Nobody
doubts that this contract was made. I am aswili-
ino* as any to stop this work, if it is thought
proper; but are you going to deprive men of what
they have laid out under a contract? Here are
fine columns, ornamental work, such as we have
about this building, half done; and we ask that
the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to ap-
point proper officei s to estimate what has been
71.
