1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
done on them, and to pay for it; and if the Work
is to be completed, that amount would be deducted,
and these men would have to go on and finish it.
It is simply to pay them for what they have done.
After making a law, and having a contract under
it, and working ten or a dozen years, we all at
once have si fit of economy, and conclude to stop
it. Very well*, I agree to that; stop it; but pay
those men for what work they did before you
concluded to fctop it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not this amend-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is precisely this amend-
ment. It is to pay them for the work they have
on hand at the time they received notice not to go
any further; and they did not go any further. If
a column is half finished, and u costs six or seven
hundred dollars to carve it, are you going to pay
nothing for it, because they have not finished it?
They are ready to go on and finish it, and will go on,
and are bound to do so, under the contract, when-
ever you make an appropriation. It is under the
control of Congress. If you do not want to ap-
propriate money to continue the work, pay them
for what they have done. They have already
discharged their men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Rhode
Island will see, if he reads the amendment, that it
is not to pay for work done before they received
that notice; but a proposition to pay " $75,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary for the pur-
pose, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated"—for what? " For the pay-
ment for marble furnished, or in preparation, for
the new custom-houso at Charleston, South Car-
olina." When was it furnished ? Why and when
was it in process of preparation ? 1 take it, it has
been furnished while Congress has refused year
after year to make these appropriations. There
has been a large amount of money appropriated
at different times—more than enough twice over
since we stopped making extravagant appropria-
tions for these works—to pay for all the work
then done; and I do not believe the work will
ever be stopped, if you arc to go on with these
preparations; this process of preparation will be
continued. The amendment is not limited, as the
Senator supposed, to work done before notice was
given. Ifhe intends it that way, then the amend-
ment should be changed to conform to that state
of facts. Let us argue it, and present it to the Sen-
ate as the fact is, just to pay for work that is to
be continued on this marble palaee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. PEARCE. Has the Chair decided the
point of order which I raised?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair did
not understand the Senator from Maryland to
make a point of oider, but to ask if the point of
order was not raised hitherto.
Mr. PEARCE. I stated that I renewed the
point of order. It is a private claim. If the Chair
will allow me, I will state that the parties cannot
be entitled to the payment of their money now.
The only law on the subject is the law for build-
ing the custom-house at Charleston. The con-
tract is, that they should deliver the marble at
Charleston, and they were to be paid when it was
delivered. They have not deli veied it, not brought
themselves within the contructand the law. 11is
a special claim, to be paid for that work which
they have done in part, and which in part is un-
finished. It seems to me, it is equivalent to a
claim for damages on account of our not making
appropriations to carry on the work. I think it js
liable to the objection that we raised; and there-
fore 1 renew fho point of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to say further,
though it did not reach the ear of the Chair, thot
the Senator iiom Maryland distinctly made the
point of order. I rose to make it. lie made the
statement, and I supposed it was entertained.
While on the floor, I will beg leave to say, m
addition to the objection stated by the Senator
from Maryland, that there is another. The law
provided that no contract should be made in ad-
vance of the appropriation, and the officers had
no authority to contract faster than the appropri-
ations weie made; and secondly, payment could
only be made when the marble was delivered.
Both of these points, it seems to me, are fatal to
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order being made, the Chair will submit it to
the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say one word about
the merits of this amendment before the point of
order is made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that on a point of order, under the rule,
debate is not admissible. The question of order
must be decided without debate. The question
of order is made on the reception of this amend-
ment; and the question is, "Will the Senate re-
ceive this amendment on the objection on the
question of order?"
Mr. SIMMONS and Mr. DIXON called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to inquire if
the ruling has not just been reversed in a similar
°aTlie PRESIDING OFFICER. Several cases
were decided one way on Saturday, and the other
way to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the gentleman on
the other side voted to reverse it ten minutes ago.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to say one word, and
I think it necessary to explain it so far as this:
that the amendment does not come within this
rule at all. Senators say here that it is a contract
made against the law; but that is not so. The
contract was made in strict conformity with law.
Mr. CLARK. That is not the point.
Mr.SIMMONS. Thatis the whole pointmadc,
that here is a private claim. This work has been
stopped. The Senator from Illinois is entirely
mistaken on that point. If he wants to insert a
proviso that no more of that work shall be done,
let him put it in. I think it is in. I know the
work is actually stopped and the men discharged.
The Senator fiom Mai yland says this amendment
is clearly subject to this rule, because the con-
tract required them to deliver this marble m
Charleston. The Government refused to take it
in Charleston; they did not want it sent there.
They stopped them last June, and would not let
them send any more there; and they would not
take what had been made, because there was no
appropriation. Now, what are these men to do ?
They cannot get the marble to Charleston to per-
form that coritiact; and unless tin appropriation
is made, you cannot pay them up to the time thi y
stopped work. If you pay them up to th t time,
so far tin; contract i^ concerned, they will wait
further oiders from the Government before they
will commence again; and 1 want to have put in
the amendment a clause that work shall not be
resumed until further order of the Government.
I desire to have that modification of the amend-
ment made.
Mr. DIXON. I will accept that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to add that this work
is not to be resumed by these contractors without
further orders from the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, by the consent of the
mover.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think,then,theamendment
clearly is not subject to objection at all.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island when it was this work was
executed, so far as it is done?
Mr. SIMMONS. Before last June; they re-
ceived notice then.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know if it was
done between last June and the June before-5
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know anything
| about u. I know that they received this notice
! last June.
| Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Piesident, I think we
| ought to know, if you will turn to the act of
I 1850, you will find that act made no appropria-
i tion for continuing the custom-house at Chailcs-
| ton, but provided th.u any unexpended balance
on hand should be applied only to finish the build-
ing. What the unexpended balance on hand was,
I do not know; hut it evidently intended that no
further work should be done, except that which
was necessary to complete the building. If they
went on to do the work after that, they were work-
ing without regaid to appropriations made by
Congress.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senate will permit me,
I will now withdraw the amendment I offered to
stnke out the words "or in preparation." If the
work is to be stopped, I have no objection to the
full amount, if it is in order, being settled, includ-
ing as well that which is in preparation as that
which has been finished.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state for the in-
formation of the Senate, especially those who
have not looked into this subject, that there has
been no appropriation made for this work since
1858. We had"this contest then; and, in 1859,
the Secretary of the Treasury was directed by
the law of that year " to use the balance of unex-
pended appropriations heretofore made for the
Charleston and New Orleans custom-houses in
finishing the said buildings for use"—not to go
on with them. He was to finish them with the
appropriation which he had. Then, in 1860, the
next year, we had this question up again, and
this provision was enacted:
" Tor preserving the unfinished work upon the custom-
house at Charleston, $5,000; and to pay lor the marble al-
ready delivered at theChaileston custom-house to be used
in continuing the work on the building, $15,000."
This was all that was necessary when this law
was passed in I860.
61 And the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to report
to Congress, in his ne\t annual report to Congress on the
finances, the amount of fuither appropriations that may
be lequned to finish, respectively, this custom-hour-e and
the one at New Orleans, and the time necessary to com-
plete the same, and whether any changes can be made con-
sistently with the puipose for which the building is in-
tended, winch will icduce the cost of completion ; and in
the moan time, no fuither materials shall bo delivered for
said custom-house."
We began as long ago as 1858. In 1859 we
refused to appropriate a dollar, and directed that
the unexpended balances then on hand should be
appropriated to finishing the building. This last
year we made an appropriation for all that was
necessary to pay for all the marble that there was;
and now these contractors have gone on again,
and they come here this time asking for some
seventy thousand dollars. Fifteen thousand dol-
lars paid them for all the work they had done a
year ago. We have never had, up to this time,
that I have seen, any estimate to show what the
expense of completing these buildings would be.
I should like to inquire of the Senator from Rhode
island why he has got no estimate under that law
to know what the expense would be ? Congress
has been stuving to stop this thing for two or
three years, and we have paid them for all the
work done a year ago; and now they want $70,000
more. Next year they will want several hundred
thousand dollars, if we go on in this proportion.
Sir, I do not conceive how a contract could have
been legally made to run on in this way. I do not
believe a public officer has any authority to bind
this Government to an illimitable amount by con-
tracts to run for a series of years in this way.
Congress never intended to erect a building at
Charleston to cost two or three million dollars. If
an officer of the Government can bind the Gov-
ernment to pay $2,000,000, he can bind it to pay
$200,000,000, in contracts running for years.
When was this contract made ? Perhaps ten years
ago. Sir, it is time we stopped these appropri-
ations. Wo did stop them two years ago, and
now they are coming in and asking us to pay
them for work done since. If there is a binding
contract, and they are entitled to any damages,
because we are unable to comply with it, I am
willing to pay them; but I am unwilling to go on
with this appiopriation for these expensive con-
tracts, which the Government has been trying to
stop for the last three years.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, it is a little
singular that my friend wants to know all these
things from me. I do not know anything more
about it than he docs. Pie has been voting here
the last six years these appropriations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never voted a dollar of
them.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, he was in the Senate,
and why did he not stop it? These men had been
engaged as usual on this work. There had been
no notice from the Treasury Department. Wo
refused to appropriate last year, but what did we
do? We appropriated $15,000, without any esti-
mate, without knowing whether it would pay for
the work or not,and told the Department to stop
the work at Charleston. The Senator from Mary-
land says they have not delivered the work. By
your law, they could not deliver it. They stopped
the work then, and this is simply to pay them for
what they did before you gave them any notice.
Now, the Senator from Illinois says this work
