210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
that the other side ought not to press it through,
especially when there js no quorum present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make a proposition
that will relieve the House, i move, by unani-
mous consent, that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill, and that it be brought into the House. It
will then be up the first thing on Monday morn-
ing. I am sure that there can be no objection to
the details of the bill.
Mr. JONES. I do not object, if we are to be
allowed a separate vote on any of the clauses that
may be specified.
Mr, SHERMAN. That certainly will not be
objected to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I take it also to be a part
of the understanding that the call of the House
and the vote on the motion to adjourn shall also
be canceled.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio? It
can only be received by unanimous consent. If
there bo no objection, the Indian appropriation
bill will now be considered as pending before the
House, and the main question as ordered.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. THEAKER stated that his colleague,Mr,
Blake, was paired with Mr. Logan until Mon-
day next.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty-five minutes past
two o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 31, i860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr LANE presented the petition of Orlando
B. GrilKtb, praying that the pension which he
now receives may be made to commence from
the date of the disability for which it was granted;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. F1TZPATUICK presented ihc memorial
of the heirs of William and John Turvin, praying
an amendment of tin* laws passed for their relief;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Lund Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Kansas, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Lawrence, in that Territory, to
Sherman, in Texas; which was referred to the
Committer on (he Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Wil-
liam Harlow, administrator and heii-at-law of
Robert Craddock, an officer in the revolutionary
war, praying to he allowed commutation pay;
which was referied to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. NICHOLSON presented the memoiial of
Albert Glreenleaf, asking compensation for extra
sew ices as Navy agent; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Allairs.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
530) to provide for the payment of clerks m the
land offices in the State of Oregon; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
DISPOSITION OF NATIONAL ARMS.
Mi. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution; and ask for its consideration now, iV there
b,e no objection:
Resolved* Th?t the Secretary of War be. and he i-= heie-
by. requested fo inform the Senate what deposition lias
!'-■< n made ot the arms manufactured ai the national aim-
oues or purchased for the use ot' the Government during
tJje past >ea/; m what way they have been distributed, and
what, amount ot them, it' am, have been sold; to whom
sold, and ai what puce ; where the aims belonging to the
United Stan--, atv now deposited; m what places; how many
of each kind in the several depositories, and how they are
piotected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it lie over.
Li\ BIGLER, it was j
in the Senate adjourns to-da/, it ad-
dnesday next. (
LOMATIC CORPS.
Objection being made, the resolution was laid
over under the rule.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of Wil-
liam Uazzaid Wigg, ashing compensation for losses in the
revolutionsy war, on the files of the Senate, he with-
drawn.
ADJOURNMENT TO WEDNESDAY.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That when
journ to meet on Wednes
DIPLOMATIC
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I -beg
leave to offer a resolution, and to ask for the im-
mediate consideration of it. The object of it is
to request the President of the Senate to assign a
portion of the gallery of the Senate for the use of
foreign ministers, their families, and suits.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be requested
to assign a portion of the gallery of the Senate for the ine
of the foreign ministers, their families, and suits; but
nothing herein contained shall affect the piovisions of the
48th luie of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand—and that
is all I shall feel it necessary to say on the sub-
ject—that the House of Representatives have
passed a similar rule; and 1 hope the Senate will
have no difficulty in agreeing to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky asks
for the immediate consideration of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to hear it
read again.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the consideration of the resolution.''
Mr. DAYIS. I should like to hear the resolu-
tion explained by the mover of it.
Mr. MASON. Under the existing state of
thing*, the Indies of the families of foreign min-
isters cannot get scats in the galleries; because,
being foreigneis, and guests of the country, and
with all the sensitiveness that belongs to that sit-
uation, they feel scruple, and very natural scru-
ple, in competing for setts. The secretaries and
theattaehes of the foreign ministers are also placed
upon the same footing. The difficulty has been
overcomcin the House of Representatives by as-
signing there a portion of the gallery for the use
of these foreign ministeisand their suits and fam-
ilies. I will state that, from conversation with the
Presiding Officer of the Senate—I mean the Vice
President—on the subject, and with one of the
foreign ministers, I am satisfied it can be done
with great convenience, without disturbing our
own people, and be very satisfactory.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the rules of the Senate,
foreign ministers are admitted on the floor of the
Senate. So far as they are concerned, therefore,
ample provision has been made. As for the rest,
I do not see that our courtesy should go beyond
the point of considering their families as good as
our own; and I think it is rather stretching the
point when we give them a preference over our
own. I do not believe there is any propriety in
allowing a foreigner to have a seat which a citi-
zen of the United States may not take in the Sen-
ate Chamber of the United States. I theiefore
object to it.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to protract this
debate; but there is no man on this floor who will
more immediately yield to the suggestion which
I am about to make than the honorable Senator
himself. These gentlemen and ladies are the guests
of the country; they are the guests of the nation.
Mr. DAVIS. No, not at all.
Mr. MASON. They arc your guests and my
guests, as long as they remain in the country.
Mr. DAVIS Not at all.
Mr. MASON. And I know that honorable
Senator will always say a guest has a preferable
place, even to a membei of Ins own family.
Mr. DAVIS. If he be a guest.
Air. MASON. Well, that is the whole founda-
tion of it. Am I said before, we know very well
tli.it these guests of ours, for they are strictly so,
are not only foreigners, but many ofthemdo not
speak our language, and they have all the proper
and scrupulous delicacy and sensitiveness that
belong to their peculiar position jn the country.
They cannot make their way as our own people
would do and always do; and I submit to the
honorable Senator that, in that condition, wo
should do what I believe is everywhere done—
make a peculiar provision for them if tiicy honor
us with their presence.
Mr. DAVIS. I will only say that they do not
bear the relation of guests. They arc here as the
agents of foreign Governments, the representa-
tives of foreign Governments; not as our guests;
not here by our invitation, or dependent on our
civility. They are here to perform certain func-
tions for their Governments.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainty.
Mr. MASON. I think if the Senator will ex-
amine the credential of a foreign minister, he will
find it is nothing in the world but a letter of in-
troduction,and asking the courtesiesof the host—
the country—to the person who bears it, and res-
idence among them. It is nothing but a letter of
introduction; a courteous letter of introduction.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sure the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations is pushing this
case beyond what would be his view of it under
othercircumstances. For instance, when we send
such a man away, we are certainly not turning a
guest out of our own house, and it is by no means
an uncommon thing to discharge the agent of a
foreign Government when he ceases to be accept-
able to our own.
Mr. MASON. Why is it not turning away a
guest who docs not conduct himself as a guest
should ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator considers that the
agent of a foreign Government, sent here, paid by
it to pevform its duties and take care of its inter-
ests, and in collision with us upon every point
where there is to be a diversity of interest, is to be
regarded as a guest invited into our house and to
be entertained by us, I am really at a loss to un-
derstand the power of language. It seems to me
that nothing can be in more direct antagonism
than the two relations. You receive an agent po-
litely. He brings you a letter of introduction,
and you treat him courteously. That does not
make him your guest. He is nothing m the na-
ture of a guest. It is a matter of very little im-
portance to me; but I hold to the fact that every
citizen of the United States, being a sovereign m
his own right, his family has as good a right to a
favorable seat m the Chamber of the Senate as
the family of any foreigner.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope, sir, this resolution
may pass. I think that the law of nations as now
understood, is regaided as obliging ail civilized
nations to receive representatives from other civ-
ilized States, and it is not allowed by that code to
any State to isolate itself from communications
by resident ministers and embassadors. These
representatives aie not regarded as individuals,
but they are regarded as presenting themselves in
foreign countries as direct and immediate repre-
sentatives, not of monarchies or of republics, nor
in reference to the particular forms of their gov-
ernments, butreprcsentatives of the nations them-
selves from which they come. I think that this
has been the universal sentiment of our people,
as it is of all other civilized countries. The
House of Representatives has practiced upon this
principle in assigning a proper and convenient
place to these representatives, where they may
hear the debates and inform themselves of the
condition of the country. The Senate has acted
upon ft in the same way by allowing these per-
sons the privilege, allowed to veiy few others,
of entering upon the floor of the Senate. For
many of them, that is less convenient, while it is
more inconvenient to us than it would be if they
had a place assigned to them in the galleries. The
principle on which we extend to them the priv-
ilege of the floor is exactly the same as sustains
this resolution. It is not honor; it is not com-
plimentary; it is a mere matter of courtesy. We
have made very spacious galleries. They are
seldom crowded. Certainly, there is room enough
in them for the representatives of foreign Govern-
ments; and as they are strangers, many of them
not speaking our language, they may often find
it embarrassing to obtain for themselves a place
in the audience generally; and it would be better
for them, and better subserve their convenience,
to have a place specially assigned to them, which
should be known to be theirs, to be occupied only
