1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*171
has been going on for ten years. Docs anybody
want to cut off contractors working under a writ-
ten contract by order of this Government? We
cut off the work last Juno, and I was willing to
cutitoff, and went with the Senator in thatmove-
mcnt; but this is work that was done before that
time, as I .have told Senators as much as twenty
times; and here is the law. The law said they
should stop, and deliver no more marble at
Charleston. He read it himself; and then he says
these men have gone on and continued the woik
since. That does not happen to be so. The law
was, that they should not deliver another piece of
marble at Charleston, and they had the work
done; and now they come here and ask pay for
what they had done, and which you refused to
allow them to deliver. That is the whole of the
amendment. Congress did not appropriate, and
then the Department stopped these men's work,
and refused to take what they had done; and after
having waited nine months, they come here and
ask you to appropriate and pay, after a survey
has been made, for work which was done previ-
ous to that stoppage; and I have putin theamend-
ment a clause providing that the work shall not
be resumed without an order directing it from
this Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: will the Senate receive this amendment on the
question of order?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthon.v, Crittenden, Dixon, Duikee,
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Powell, Simmons, Sumuei, Ten Eyck,
and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Brneg, Bright, Claik, Cling-
man, Col lamer, Doohttle, Fesscnden, Green, Grimes, Hale,
Ikulan, Lane, Latham, Mason. Nicholson, Pearce, Polk,
Kice, Sebastian, Thomson, Tiumbuli, Wiglall, and Wil-
kinson—-24.
So the Seriate refused to receive the amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to offer the following amend-
ment, as an additional section:
Jlnd be tt further enacted, That the Secretin y of the In-
tenor be dneeted to adjust and allow the actual expanses
incurred hy the irgi^teis ot the land ofiiee at Oregon City,
and Ro^eburg, Oitgon, for elcrieal aid in said offices, pio-
vidcd the tame shall not exceed .$6,000, to he paid out of
any money in the Tiea&uiy not otheivvise appiopriated.
Mr. CLARK. I hope thatamendment will not
be adopted. 1 think it is a great deal better to
know something about the claims these gentlemen
make, before we approve them by Congress. One
or two have been presented here, and have been "
examined, and a portion of the claim allowed. I
Now, I think wc had better follow that rule. Let :
these gentlemen, if they have claims, present them
under the law, and let the Senate and House of
Representatives examine those claims: and if wc
find the whole due, pay it; and if we find a por-
tion due, pay it; but let us know what it is that
is demanded before we vote to pay.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order on
that amendment. It is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The CWr
will submit that question to the Senate. The
question is, " Shall this amendment be received
on the question of order?"
Mr. LANE. I do not know that I can be
heard 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the. rule,
the Chair will suggest that questions of order are
not debatable.
Mr. LANE. Then, I will simply say, this is
to carry out an existing law. These officeis have
acted under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and they have presented a claim here that
has been approved and recommended; and if the
Senate will allow me, i will stare, as a reason, why
this did not come up in a separate bill, that it was
because of the amendment oflered by the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Bragc] on Saturday.
If the Senator from New Hampshire will listen
to a statement of it, I am sure he will not object
to this amendment. In Oregon the registers and
leceivers have a salaiy. They aie prohibited from
receiving any fee. It has been necessary to em-
ploy clerks. The two land officers there have
employed clerks, and paid them to aid in getting
up and keeping up the work of the office. They
made out their accounts regularlyas instructed
hy the Land Office here; sent them to Washing-
ton, and they have been examined and approved,
or rather presented with a recommendation thut
an allowance be made according to the adjust-
ment; so that everything that is required by law
has been done. Everything has been % accom-
plished that the Senator believes ousrht to be, and
that I believe ought to be, before a law should be
passed. The officers in Oregon have been required
to perform extraordinary duty under the dona-
tion law; and, as I remarked before, it has been
necessary for them to employ clerks. They have
done that; and they have paid out of their own
salary, or out of their own pockets, for services
rendered by such persons as were necessarily
employed to perform duty; and after making out
the accounts, sending up the vouchers, and all
the abstracts complete, they have been sent to
Congress with a recommendation that that amount
be allowed. Now, none of the objections raised
on Saturday by my friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkinson-] would apply in this case, for he
spoke of offices where they have fees, and where
they can charge for certain services and obtain
money not allowed by law.
Mr. WILKINSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. Are there any lands sub-
ject to preemption in Oregon?
Mr. LANE. Some preemptions are made; but
there they have a regular salary, as I remarked,
and the officers are directed and required,as they
cannot have fees, to report to the office here the
amount received; and charge themselves with it,
or credit the Government with it. For instance,
the dollar they receive for filing that notice does
not go to the register there; it does not go to the
receiver; but it goes to the Government.
Mr. WILKINSON. The objection which I
urged the other day against the amendment then
offered was this: that land officers have been in
the habit of employing clerks; and those clerks
have at the same time been acting as attorneys
between the preemptors and the land office for
drawing up declaratory statements; that the land
officers, in connection with these clerks, have made
a large sum of money out of the preemptors, of
which no account has been rendered by them at
all. Therefore, T opposed the proposition offered
by the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Bragg]
the other day, upon the ground that it was ask-
ing pay for those men who had been acting in the
double capacity of clerks for land officers, and as
attorneys for the preemptors.
Mr. LANE. Well, I will not say anything
more, except to remark that I can veiy easily un-
derstand the good reasons urged by the Senator
from Minnesota against that amendment that fees
could lie charged. With us, no fee can be charged
or collected or taken. Every dollar received for
filing preemption notices is credited to the Gov-
ernment. They have direction to employ clerks
to get up certificates of settlement and of occupa-
tion under the donation law; and I will remark,
for the satisfaction of the Senate, that though Con-
gress donated to actual settlcis the land in Oregon
m certain quantities, and upon certain conditions,
yet sixty per cent, of the lands there have been
paid for by the occupants, rather than comply
with the donation law; and the money has gone
into the Treasury. The work in this case has
been performed, the registers have paid the money,
the accounts have been approved, and a recom-
mendation has been made that an appropriation
be made by Congress to reimburse those men. It
is just; it is for a small amount; itis in all respects
regular; and I hope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. CLAC.K. I merely wish to suggest that
I think we had better have a vote on the question
of order, and then afterwauls, perhaps, have the
debate; and so I will forbear to state anything I
may have to say until that vote is taken on the
point of order.
Mr. PEARCE. I understood the Senator from
Oregon to say this was a claim under an existing
law. The only law under winch it could be set
up was the law of ItfoO, which has been repealed;
so that there is no law on which the amendment
can be founded; and theiefore it is clearly out of
order.
Mr. LANE. This claim arose under that law
before it was repealed, and these registers- 
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. LANE. Let me say a word.
Mr COLL AM EI? Vou Irive said it
Mr. LANE No; I have not yet;
Mr. COLLAMER. We have some rules of a
good deal of importance, and the gentleman has
been heard mucn at length about his case. The
point raised here is about our entertaining such a
claim; and the point I desire to make is, as to the
propriety of discussion upon the mere question
of orderasto receiving theamendmcnt. I under-
stand this question is not debatable at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
stated—that it is a question to be decided without
discussion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I trust the Chair will en-
force that rule, so that there shall be no debate,
if it is out of order; and this debate is out of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is clearly
out of order. The question is, " Will the Sen-
ate receive the amendment on the question of
order?"
Mr. LANE. 1 should like to have the yeas and
nays upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN, (when his name was called.)
With the leave of the Senate, I wish to make an
inquiry. Have these claims been audited and
adjusted and certified by the Interior Department
according to the law of 1856? If they have, I
shall vote yea. If they have not, I shall vote nay.
Is there any evidence of that?
Mr. LANE. The evidcncc is all in the hands
of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without unan-
imous consent, discussion at the present time is
out of order.
Mr. HALE. Order!
Mr. GREEN. I do not propose to discuss it.
I only wish to make an inquiry. If that is so, I
shall vote yea.
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir; it is.
Mr. GREEN. Then I vote m the affirmative.
The result was then announced—yeas 11,nays
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Clnigrnan, Dixon, Green,
Hemphill, Lane,Latham, Powell,Thomson,and Wigfall—
11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Doolittle, Duikee, Fes.-enden, Foot, Fo.>tei, Grimes*, Hale,
Harlan, Morull, Nicholson, Pearce, Rico, Sebastian, Sew-
aid, Simmons, Sumnei, Ten Eyck, Tiumbuli, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the Senate refused to receive the amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. I am instructed, by the Com-
mittee oil Claims, to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a new section:
Jliul be it fuither enacted, Thatthc Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he js hereby, atUhou/.ed and directed to settle
and adjust the accounts of the contractors for the erection
of the marine hospital at New Orleans, Louisiana, and to
pay to the said eontractois, out of any money in theTreas-
uiy not othej wice appiopriated, the amount that may be
found to be justly due to them under, and in consequence
of, the said eontiact.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not hear the whole of
that amendment read; but it strikes me, from the
small portions 1 did hear, that it comes within the
same category as the amendment for the Charles-
ton custom-house, which was ruled out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make the question?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit that question to the Senate; and it is to be
decided without debate.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow
mc to make an explanation before he makes the
point of order.
The PP.ES1DING OFFICER. If the Senator
makes an explanation, it must be by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I think wc had better have the
point of order decided first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is: "Will the Senate receive this amendment
on the question of order?"
Mr. GREEN. I will suggest that the Senator
from Pennsylvania ought to be permitted to state
the question of fact, but not make an argument.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
taken to any discussion; and it would be impos-
sible for the Chair to distinguish between ques-
tions of fact and of argument.
Mr. BIGLER. Senators manifestly did not
hear the amendment read; and I simply want to
state what it is. It is a proposition to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle the 
