1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the people duly assembled; and that it is in strict
and logical deduction from this fundamental prin-
ciple of American liberty, that South Carolina has
adopted the form in which she has declared her
independence. She has in convention duly as-
sembled in 1860, repealed an ordinance passed by
her people in convention duly assembled in 1788.
If no interests of third parties were concerned, if
no question of compact intervened, all must ad-
mit the inherent power—the same inherent power
which authorizes aLegislature to repeal a law, su b-
ject to the same modifying principle, that where
the rights of others than the people who passed
the law are concerned, those rights must be re-
spected and cannot be infringed by those who de-
scend from the first Legislature or who succeed
them. If a law be passed by a Legislature im-
pairing a contract, that law is void, not because the
Legislature under ordinary circumstances would
not have the power to repeal a law of its prede-
cessor but because by repealing a law of its pre-
decessor involving a contract, it exercises rights
in which third persons are interested, and over
which they are entitled to have an equal control.
So in the case of a convention of the people as-
suming to act in repeal of an ordinance winch
showed their adherence to the Constitution of the
United States, the power is inherently in them,
subject only to this modification: that they are
bound to exercise it with due regard to the obli-
gations imposed upon them by the compact with
others.
Authorities, on points like this, are perfectly
idle; but I fear that I may not have expressed the
ideas which I entertain so well as I find them ex-
pressed by Mr. Webster m his celebrated argu-
ment in the Rhode Island ease. He says:
Fitst and chief, no man makes a question that the
people are the somou of all political power. Government
is instituted for thou good, and its member*aietheirogents
andseivants. He who would argue againntlu-Miiustatgue
without an adversary. And who thinks thcie is any pecu-
liar merit in asset ting a doctrine like this, in the nud>t oi
twenty million people, when nineteen million nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-
nine of them huld it, as well as himsell ? Theie is no other
doctrine of government hcie ; and no man imputes to an-
other, and no man should claim foi himself, any particular
merit for asserting what everybody knows to bo true, and
nobody denies."—Works of Daniel Webster, vol. 6, p. 221.
But he says in this particular case an attempt is
made to establish the validity of the action of the
people, organized in convention, without their
having been called into convention by the exer-
cise of any constituted authority of the State; and
against the exercise of such a right of the people
as that he protests. He says:
" is it not obvious enough that men cannot get together
and count themselves, and any they arc so many hutuheds
and so many thousands, and judge of their own qualifica-
tions, and call themselves the people, and set up a govern-
ment? Why, another set of men foity miles off. on the
same day, with the same propriety, with as good qualifica-
tions, and in as large numheis, may meet and setup another
government; one may meet at Newport and another at
Cbepachet, and both may call themselves the people."—
Ibid., p. 226.
Therefore, he says, it is not a mere assemblage
of the people, gathered together sva spontc, that
forms that meeting of the people authorized to act
in behalf of the people; but he says that—
" Another American principle giowing out of this, and
just as important and well settled as is the truth that the
people are the souiee of power, is, that, when m the course
of events it becomes necessary to asccitain the will of the
people on a new exigency, or a new state of things or of
opinion; the legislative powei piovides for that asceitain-
ment by an ordinary aet of legislation.5 J
* •*>***
" All that is necessary here is, that the will of the people
should be ascertained by some regulai rule of pioeeedmg
prescribed by previous law P,nf when ascertained, that
will is as sovereign as the will of a despotic piinee, of the
Czar of Muscovy^ or Uielimpeior of Austna himself, though
not quite so easily made known. A uka^e or an edict 'Mi-
nifies at once the will of adespotic prince; but that will of
the people, which is heie as sovereign as the will oi such
a prince,is> not f-o quickly ascertained oi known; andhenee
arises the necessity for suftiage. which is the mode whereby
each rnan"s power is made to tell upon the Constitution oi
the Government, and in the enactment of laws."
He concludcs—
t( We pen, thereto) e, from the commencement of the Gov-
ernment undei which we live, down to this late act of the
State of New York'*—
To which he had just referred—
Cs one umlorm curient of law. oi precedent. and of piae-
tice, all going to e£tab!n-h the point that changes in govern-
ment are to be bi ought about by the will of the people, as-
sembled under such legislative provisions a&maj be neces-
sary lo ascertain that wilt tiulv and authentic ally."—Ibvi.,
pp.* 207,229.
We have then, sir, in the case of South Caro-
lina, so far as the duly organized convention is
concerned, the only body that could speak the
will of this generation in repeal of the ordinance
passed by their fathers in 1788; and I say again, if
no third interests intervened by a compact binding
upon their faith, their power to do so is inherent
and complete. But, sir, there is a compact, and
no man pretends that the generation of to-day is
not bound by the compacts of the fathers; but,
to use the language of Mr. Webster, a bargain
broken on one side is a bargain broken on all;
and the compact is binding upon the generation
of to-day only if the other parties to the compact
have kept their faith.
This is no new theory, nor is practice upon it
without precedent, I say that it was precisely
upon this principle that this Constitution was
formed. I say that the old Articles of Confed-
eracy provided in express terms that they should
be perpetual; that they should never be amended
or altered without the consent of all the States.
I say that the delegates of States unwilling that
that Confederation should be altered or amended,
appealed to that provision in the convention which
formed the Constitution, and said: "If you do
not satisfy us by the new provisions, we will
prevent your forming your new government, be-
cause your faith is plighted, because you have
agreed that there shall be no change in it unless
with the consent of all." This was the argument
of Luther Martin, it was the argument of Pater-
son, of New Jersey, and of large numbers of
other distinguished members of the convention.
Mr. Madison answered it. Mr. Madison said, in
reply to that:
" It has been alleged that the Confederation having been
formed by unanimous consent, could be dissolved by unan-
imous consent only. Does this doctrine result lrom the
natuie of compacts? Does it au&e fiom any paiticnlai
stipulation in the Articles of Confederation ? If we con-
sider the Federal Union as analogous to the fundamental
compact by which individuals compose one society, and
which must, m its theoietie ongin at least, have been the
unanimous act of the component members, it cannot be said
that no dissolution of tiie compact can bo effected without
unanimous consent. A breach of the fundamental prin-
ciples of the compact, by a pait of the society,would cer-
tainly absolve the other part from their obligations to it."
" If we consider the Federal Union as analogous, not to
the social compacts among individual men, but to the con-
ventions among individual States, what is the doctrine ic-
sulung from these conventions? Cloarly, according to the
expositors of the law of nation1*, that a breach of any one
aUiele, by any one party, leaves all the other parties at lib-
erty to consider the whole convention as dissolved, unless
thry choo-c lather to compel the delinquent party to repair
the Ineach. In some tiodlics indeed, it ise,\prcssiy stipu-
lated that a violation of paiticular atticles shall no't have
this consequence, and even that particulai ailicles shall
lcmam mloieo dmmg war, which !*, in general, nndei-
stood to dissolve all subsisting treaties. But arc theic any
exception4-of this soit to the Articles ot Conledeiation"?
So far fiom it, that there is not even an cxpiess stipulation
that force shall be used to compel an olfeuding member of
the Union to dischaijre its duty."—Madison Papers of De-
hates in the Federal Convention, vol. 5., pp. 200, 207,
I need scarcely ask, Mr. President, if anybody
has found in the Constitution of the United States
any article providing, by express stipulation, that
foice shall be used to compel an offending mem-
ber of the Union to discharge its duty. Acting
on that principle, nine States of the Confederation
seceded from the Confederation, and formed a
new Government. They formed it upon the ex-
press grou nd that some of the States had violated
their compact, immediately after, two othei States
seceded and joined them. They left two alone,
Rhode Island and North Carolina; and here is
my answer to the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolitile,] who asked me the other day, if
tlnrty-thiee States could expel one, inasmuch as
one had the right to leave thirty-three: I point
him to the history of our country, to the acts of
the fathers, as a full answer upon that subject.
After this Government had been organized; after
every department had been in full operation for
some timo; after you had framed your navigation
laws, and provided what should be considered as
ships and vessels of the United States, North
Carolina and Rhode Island were still foreign na-
tions, and so treated by you, so treated by you
in your laws; and in September, 1789, Congress
passed an act authorizing the eitizensof the States
of North Carolina and Rhode Island to enjoy all
the benefits attached to owners of ships and ves-
sels of the United Suites up to the 1st of the fol-
lowing January—gave them that much more time
to come into the new Union, if they thought
proper; if not, they were to remain as
nations. Here is the history of the formation Of
this Constitution, so far as it involves,the power
of the States to secede from a Confederation,aml
to form new confederacies to suit themselves.
Now, Mr. President, there is a difficulty in this
matter, which was not overlooked by the fran&ers
of the Constitution. One State may allege t|iat
the compact has been broken, and others luay
deny it: who is to judge? When pecuniary in-
terests are involved, so that a case^pan be brought
up before courts of justice, the Constitution has
provided a remedy within itself. It has declared
that no act of a State, either in convention or by
Legislature, or in any other manner, shall violate
the Constitution of the United States, and it has
provided for a supreme judiciary to determine
cases arising in law or equity which may involve
the construction of the Constitution or the con-
struction of such laws.
But, sir, suppose infringements on the Consti-
tution in political matters, which from their very
nature cannot be brought before the court? That
was a difficulty not unforeseen; it was debated
upon propositions that were made to-meet it. At-
tempts were made to give power to this Federal
Government in all its departments, one after the
other, to meet that precise case, and the conven-
tion sternly refused to admit any. It was pro-
posed to enable the Federal Government, through
the action of Congress, to use force. That was
refused. It was proposed to give to the President
of the United States the nomination of State Gov-
ernors, and to give them a veto on State laws, so-
as to preserve the supremacy of the Federal Gov-
ernment. That was refused. ^ It was proposed to
make the Seny te the judge of difficulties that might
arise between States and the General Government.
That was refused. It was finally proposed to give
Congress a negative on State legislation interfer-
ing with the powers of the Federal Government.
That was refused. At last, at the very last mo-
ment, it was proposed to give that power to Con-
gress by a vote of two thirds of each branch; and
that, too, was denied
Now, sir, I wish to show, with some little detail
—as briefly as I possibly can and do justice to the
subject—what was said by the leading members
of the convention on these propositions to subject
the States, in their political action, to anypower
of the General Government, whether of Con-
gress, of the judiciary, or of the Executive, and
by any majorities whatever. The first proposi-
tion was made by Mr. Randolph, on the 29th of
May, 1787; and it was, that power should be
given to Congress—
" To negative all laws passed by the several States con*-
travenmg, in the opinion of the National Legislature, the
articles of Union, or any tieaty subsisting under the au-
thority of the Union; and to call foilh the force of the
Union against any member of the Union failing to fulfill
its duty under the articles thereof."
To negative all laws violative of the articles
of Union, and to employ force to constrain a State
to perform its duty. Mr. Pinckney's proposition
on the same day was:
" And to render these prohibitions effectual, the Legis-
lature of the United States shall have the power to revise
the laws of the scveial States that may be supposed to in-
fringe the powers exclusively delegated by Una Constitu-
tion to Congress, and to negative and annul such as do."
The proposition giving a power to negative the
laws of the States, passed at first hurriedly, with-
out consideration; but upon further examination,
full justicc was done to it. Upon the subject of
force, Mr. Madison said, moving to postpone the
proposition to authorize force:
'•'Mr. Madison observed, that the more he reflected on
the use oflorce,the more he doubted the practicability, the
justice, and the efficacy of it, when applied to people col-
lectively, and not individually. A union of the States con-
taining such an Ingiedient, seemed to provide for its own
destruction. The use of force against a State would look
more like a declaration of war than an infliction of punish-
ment, and would probably be considered by the party at-
tacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts by which
it might be bound. He hoped that such a system would be
framed as might render this resource unnecessary, and
moved that the clause be postponed .—Madison Papers—
Debates in the Federal Convention, vol. 5, p. 140.
Mr. Mason, the ancestor of our own distin-
guished colleague from Virginia, said:
"The most jarring elements of nature, lire and water,
themselves, are not more incompatible than sueh a mix-
ture of civil liberty and military execution. Will the militia
march horn one State into another in order to collect the
arreai*of ta*esfiom the delinquent members of the Re-
public? Wiil they maintain an army for this purpose/
Will not the Citizensoftlieiuvaded State assist ottfc attotlinr,
