THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ne^si^jeet of discussion in regard to this matter,
for really I should like to see a vote taken at this
hour—past four o'clock—so that we ,may go to
something eise that we ought to do, or.do some-
thing bc.lter, adjourn, when we are so near the
entl of all the business that this Congress will con-
sent to do. With the suggestion simply of doubts
as to -what I otight'to do on this question, I leave
the subject to the reflections of others, and trust
we may; have a vote; or if we cannot have that,
that w§ may have an adjournment, and that very
speedily.
Mr. PEARCE. This subject has been matter
of.so much contention between the two Houses
that l regret very nsu,ch its introduction now. 1
have voted against the proposition whenever it
has been up, and I was concerned in the commit-
tee of conference before which it was ponding for
soma days, the result of which was that we had
to abandon it. Now it isrenewed, and I fee!
compelled to say whatl was very reluctanttosay,
and what I diu not say when the committee of"
conference was up.
That the ports are remarkably fine ports, there
can be no doubt. The Chiriqui lagoon is an ex-
tensive sheet of water, and there are several fine
harbors in it. The harbor of Golfito is also a fine
harbor. There is coal on the margin of the Chiri-
qui lagoon, as it is called, but I am not satisfied
of twQ things: first, of the title of the parties who
undertake to sell us this property and these routes;
and secondly, I am not satisfied, though there be
coal there, that itexists in such quantity and under
such circumstances as to be availably mined. 1
read the report of_Lieutenant Morton, and all the
papers to which the Senator from Missouri has
referred. I found a statement that there was coal
at various places, most frequently cropping out
on the edge of a stream; on one occasion they
spoke of coal several feet in thickness at Clian-
guinola river. But I discover from the papers,
as far as they disclose the facts at least, that these
mines never had been worked. It was certified
on one occasion it was ncccssary, to obtain the
title) it seems, that a shaft should be opened of a
given, size, and there was proof that a pick or shaft
was sunk a vara or two in breadth and six or seven
in depth, and that there was coal there; but whether
thecoal can bo mined there advantageously or not,
does not appear from any of the papers wluch I
have seen, and 1 have seen them all.
It seemed to me a little remarkable, if these par-
ties had owned these lands for six or seven years,
with coal mineson tliem, that they had notworked
them; that they had not developed their capacity,
at all events; and even singular that they had not,
with all these advantages of a fine harbor iiiul
abundant coal, as they represent, been selling coal
at this time. 1 think it was in 1854 that this title
was acquired, according to then' showing; yet,
from that day to this, I do not hear of a single
cargo or a single ton of coal having been raised
from these rich coal mines. Samples uf coal, it
is true, have been bioughthcrc,anu I believe they
are good; but 1 observe that, when the Secretary
of the Navy called upon the engineers who were
in the expedition of last year to tell hnn the qual-
ity of this coal for steam purposes, they had so
little of it that they did not try it. One engineer
gave a somewhat favorable opinion, but of a very
loose and vague sort. The others said, frankly,
that there was so little of it in their possession,
that they did not try it to know whether it would
make steam or not. I think this throws suspicion
on the valuableness of these mines. If they had
been as they arc represented to be, it was the
most extraordinary oversight on the part of en-
terprising men not to have invested a little more
money in the working of the mines, developed
and displayed beyond all doubt their capacity to
supply coal for the Navy, and for the mercantile
marine of the world.
Now about the title. These grants are of two
sorts: first, the provincial Legislature of Chui-
qui made a grant to Ambrose W. Thompson of
the right to make a roadway from the Chiriqui
lagoon to the city of David. Dependent upon
that, and in consideration of his making that road,
they made him grants of large tracts of land. I
take it, that if he does not make the road, and if
the grantof the right to make the road is null, the
grant of lands falls with it; for it was in consider-
ation of his undertaking to make the road, that
the lands were granted. X got from the State De-
partment a copy of the opinion of the supreme
court of New Granada, delivered May 29, I860,
and their decision'is, that this grant of the Chiri-
qui Legislature be annulled for two reasons: first,
they say it conflicts with the Panama railroad
grant; and second, (and that is equally effica-
cious,) they say that it is in violation of their con-
stitution, which did not allow apiovincial Legis-
lature to make any such grant. Chiriqui was a
province of what is now the State of Panama, one
of the States of the New Granadian Cpnfedera-
tion; and they extract from their constitution an
article which shows that the right of making
grants of that sort belongs solely to the General
Government of the Confederation. That is the
opinion of the court, in which they glance, too, at
the alleged fact that Mr. Thompson is said to have
sold his grant to a foreign Government, the Gov-
ernment of the United States. In the eighteenth
section of the grant of the Chiriqui Legislature,
there 13 a provision that, though he may sell his
rights to individuals or companies, he may not
sell to a foreign Government, and that is noticed
by the court in their opinion; they expressing a
belief that the attempted sale of the lands to a for-
eign Government is a violation of the eighteenth
article. I believe, however, it is alleged on the
other side, and I suppose it to be true, that the
coat mines are not included in this grant of the
Chiriqui Legislature.
Mr. GREEN. They are denouncements.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes; they are denouncements
of the mines. And now, m regard to the rail-
roads. I have read the leportof Lieutenant Mor-
ton. That exhibits that, on the Pacific side of
the mountains, which intervene between the Ca-
ribbean sea and the Pacific, theie is a savanna
sloping gently to the Pacific, favorable to a rail-
road ; but even his report exhibits the fact of the
existence of a considerable range of mountains
mtei mediate between the two seas; and he spends
several poges to demonstrate the possibility of
making a railway, with very sharp, ascents and
remarkably short turns around the sharp spurs of
the mountains, with a radius of only three hundred
feet. I believe he does not put any grade at more
than three hundred feet, or thereabouts. There is
a good deal of mathematical figuring to show how
much an engine of a certain power might draw
up these ascents, and how ihey would get along
around these sbaip spurs. I confess I should not
like to tiust my ncek in any sort of rapid motion
on a railroad around those sharp spurs on a short
radius of only three hundred feet. Tint I have
heard from another source, an engineer who was
one of the party, and between whom and Lieu-
tenant Morton a difficulty has grown up, that
there are fiom eleven to fifteen miles m which
there would be a grade of five lyuidrcd feet to the
mile necessary. I know it is Mid that we must
not give credit to Mr. Wilson's statement, be-
cause he quaireled with the chief engineer and
was discharged from the service. 1 have heard
a very excellent character of him. A friend of
mine, who saw the profiles of the road which Air.
Wilson had made, an engineer, told me the grades
were about five hundred feet to the mile from
eleven to fifteen nules of the way. I do not be-
lieve that sort of railroad ever will be made; and
if it ever should be made, I do not believe it
would be able to transpoit commodities over its
track any cheaper than is now done by the Pan-
ama railroad. The chaigcs of that road aro very
high, I admit, and I think most people consider
them extortionate; but what may be extortion in
them, would not be extortion in a railroad made
over this* route, with from eleven to fifteen miles
of mountain spurs, requiring a grade of five hun-
dred feet to the mile, and with radiuses of three
hundred feet m very many cases. But, as I have
said before, all this, by the decree of May 29,1860,
has been declared null by the supreme couit of
New Granada, which exhibits in its opinion a
clause of the constitution giving it the right to
decide this question. The case came up before
them, and upon the relation of one of their judicial
or law officers, [ do not remember now which.
Mr. GREEN. The Attorney General.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, then, sir, in regard to
the title to the coal mines, I believe they are ob-
tained by an assignmentof grants made to Alfonso
Morel, and by Morel assigned to Mr. Thompson,
or the Chiriqui company, I forget which. Mr.
Thompson, perhaps, has some title in his own
right, and some as the representative of -the Chi-
riqui Improvement Company. Now, I am told—
I do not know what the fact is; 1 have seen the
opinion of ail able lawyer in Bogota on this sub-
ject—that if there ever was any title to these
mines in Mr. Morel, or in the party who de
nounced the mines to the Government originally
that has since failed and become null and void by
non-user. The law of that country requires that
the mine shall be actually worked within six or
twelve months—1 am not certain which, but i
think it is the former—and that if not sq worked,
the granting of the mine falls, and becomes null.
These statements may not be facts. It may be
that I have been misinformed. I know they have
not been communicated to me by any volunteers.
The only volunteers who have approachcd me
on the subject—and they have been pretty numer-
ous—have been those interested in this grant, seek-
ing to change my opinion on the subject. I have
conversed with one gentleman whom I sought
out, and of whom I asked information, and an-
other, whom I accidentally met, not a resident of
Washington, not concerncd in the matter aNt all,
but an engineer, who happened, knowing Mr.
Wilson, to tell me what I have stated, as obtained
from him. So that, whatever maybe the casein
regard to others, I certainly have not been ope-
rated on by any influence of any body that 1 know
of connected with the Panama Railroad Com-
pany. I have talked with but two persons who
have given me this information; and most of it i
have got out of the papers, which I have read
very carefully.
I think, in this state of things, when you have
the decision of the supreme court of New Granada
adverse to the validity of the grant for a railroad,
and all the lands dependent on it;wlien you have
the fact that the coal mines have not been worked
during the six or seven years that the parties have
claimed title to them; and when you have, through
the opinions of legal men, a doubt thrown on the
title to these coal mines, because they have not
been worked, I think it is the part of prudence in
this Government not to enter into a contract of
this sort. There cannot be a necessity for it. If
there exists the abundance of coal at Chiriqui
which is alleged, and it is accessible, as they say
it is, the parties can make as much money for
themselves as they desire, by working the mines
and selling the coal theie on the spot. It will
readily he bought up, not by our own Navy alone,
but by the navies, military and mercantile, of
other nations. At all events, it seems to me it is
better for us to wait until the whole thing can be
cleared up, and there be no manner of doubt
about the title and about the excellence of these
coal mules.
I will add further—I do not mean to throw the
least censure on the Secretary of the Navy—that
I regret very much to see the beginning of a prac-
tice which I think is reprehensible—of officers of
the Department, without the consent of Congress
and without their knowledge, making large con-
ditional contracts. I do not think an executive
officer ought to make any such contract, unless
he has some authority from Congress to make it.
It puts some kind of force on Congress, ltputs
his friends, political and peisonal, on the defense.
It give a bias towards the plan which he has in-
dorsed by a provisional contract, i intend to put
the mark of my condemnation of any such con-
tract that I get hold of.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask a question
I desire to inquire whether there is any provision
anywhere about this contract and this arrange-
ment by whieh, when the United States make the
purchase, we obtain any jurisdiction over itat all.
Mr. G-REEN. Not a particle, except as a mere
proprietor.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is material with me,
because I think that m our own country we would
not tolerate the idea of a foreign Government like
Great Britain purchasing farms on our own coast
and taking possession of them.
Mr. GREEN. 1 gave way for an inquiry, not
an argument. Now, Mr. President, the Senator
from Maryland entirely misapprehends this whole
question. First about the road grant. When the
constitution of 1853 was adopted—and that is the
one under which this pretended decision was
made—there was this qualification,that it should
not prohibit any of the provinces from improving
