214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
till they rise as one man, and shake off the Union alto-
gether? Rebellion is the only ease in wluch the military
force of the >Srat« can be properly exerted against its citi-
zens. in one point of view, he was struck with horror at
the prospect of recurring to this expedient. To punish the
non-payment of taxes with death was a seventy not yet
adopted by despotism itself; yet this unexampled cruelty
would be mercy compared to a military collection of rev-
enue, in which the bayonet could make no discrimination
between the innocent and the guilty. He took this occa-
sion to iepeat, that, notwithstanding his solicitude to es-
tablish a national Government, he never would agree to
abolish the State governments, or render them absolutely
insignificant. Tlrey were as necessary as the general Gov-
ernment, and lie would be equally carcful to preserve
them."—Madison Papers—Debates in the Federal Conven-
tion, vol. 5, p. 217.
Mr. Ellsworth, upon the same subject, said:
" Hence we sec how necessary for the Union is a coer-
cive principle. No man pretends the contrary : we all see
and feel this necessity. The only question ib, hhall it be a
coercion of law, or a coercion of arms? Theie is no other
possible alternative. Where will those who oppose a co-
ercion of law come out? Wheie will they end ? A neces-
sary consequence of their principles is a war of the States
one against the other. I am for eoeieion by law—that co-
ercion which acts only upon delinquent individuals. Tins
Constitution does nor attempt to coeice soveicign bodies,
State*, in their political capacity. No coercion is applica-
ble to such bodies; but that of an aimed force. If wesiiould
attempt to execute the laws of the Union by sending an
aimed force against a delinquent State, it would involve
the good and bad, the innocent and guilty, in the same
calamity."—Elliot's Debates, vol. 2, p. 197.
Alexander Hamilton said:
" It has been obseived, to coeree the States is one of the
maddest projects that was ever devised. A failure of com-
pliance will never be confined to a single State. This being
the case, can we suppose it wise to hazaul a civil war?
Suppose Massachusetts, or any lame State, should lefuse,
'and Congress fehould attempt to compel them, would they
not have influence to procuie assistance, especially Iiom
those States which are in the same situation as themselves ?
What pieiuie does this idea piesent, to oui view ? A com-
plying State nt war with a non-complying State ; Congress
marching the troops of one State into the bosom of another;
this State collecting auxihai ics, and forming, peihaps, a
majority agam.->t its Fedeial head, line is a national war
with itscll. Can any icasonablc man be well disposed to-
ward a Government winch makes war and carnage the
only means of suppot ting itself—a Government that can
exist only by the sword? Eveiv such war must involve the
innocent with the guilty Tins single coiiMrieiutiuit should
be sufficient to dispose everv peaceable citizen against Mich
a Government."—KllxoVi Debates. \ol p.
But, sir, strongti.s thesegentlemen wore against
giving the power to exert armed foice against the
States, some of the bust and ablest members of
the convention woio in favor of giving Congress
control over State action by a negative. Mr.
Madison himself was strongly in favor of that;
and if that power bad been -granted, the first of
the personal liberty bills that were passed would
have been the lasi, for Confess would at oin-e
have annulled it, and tin; other States would have
taken warning by thatexample. Mr. Pinekuey's
proposition was brought up, that " the national
Legislature should have authority to negative all
laws which they should judge to be improper."
He urged it strongly. Mr. Madison said:
"A negative was the mildest expedient that could be
devised (or pieventing these miselnets. The existence of
such a cheek would pieveiit attempts to commit them.
Should no such piceaunon be engrailed, the, oulj icnicdy
would be in an appeal to coercion. Was such a icmedy
eligible ? Was n piacucable ? Could the national iesomee-\
it excited to the utmost, entoiee ;i national deciee again t
Massachusetts, abetted, pei bap-s by seveial of Iter neigh-
bors ? ft would not be posMble. A small piopoition ot the
community, in a compact situation, acting on the defen-
sive, ;u d at one of its exticmitie**, might at any time bid
defiance to the national authonty. Any government fertile
United Slates, formed on the supposed practicability ot
using foice against the unconstitutional pioecedmgs o( the
State--, would ptove as visionary and fallacious as the gov-
ernment of Congress.—Debate; oj Convention, Madison
Vapen, vol.5, p. HI.
That is, of the Congress of the Confederation.
Well, sir, Mr. Butler said to that, he was " ve-
hement against the negative in the proposed ex-
tent as cutting oil* all hope of equal justice to the
distant States. The people there would not, he
was sure, give it a hearing;" and on the vote,
Mr. Madison, aided by Mr. Pinckney, got hut
three States for it, and of these three States one
was Virginia, and he got Virginia only by a vote
of three to two, General Washington in the chair
not voting. Tlie proposition, therefore, was di-
rectly put down, but it was not killed forever.
On the 17th of July it was renewed, and Mr. Mad-
ison again urged the convention to «uc some
power to the Federal Government ovei Slate
action:
aMr-Madison considered the negative on the lau> of
the States as essential to the efficacy and security of the
General Government. The necessity ot a General Govern-
ment proceeds from the propensity ot the States to pursue
their particular interests*, in opposition to the general inter-
est. This propensity will continue to disturb tiie system
unless effectually controlled. Nothing short of a negative
on their laws will control it. They w:iii pass laws which
will accomplish their injurious objects befoic they can bo
repealed by the General Lcgisiatuic, or set aside by the na-
tional tribunals." *'* •* "A power of
negativing the improper laws of the States is at once the
most mild arid certain means ot preseiving the harmony of
the system. Its utility is sufficiently displayed in the Brit-
ish system," &c.
This was again negatived in July by the same
vote. Finally, on the 23d of August, for the last
time, an attempt was made to give that negative
with a check upon it; and it was in these words:
"Mr. Charles Pinckney moved to add, as an additional
power to be vested in the .Legi^atuie of the United States:
Ck To negative all laws past-cd by the seveial States, in-
terfering, in the opinion of the Legislature, with the gen-
eral mteiosts and haunony ot the Union, piovided that two
thirds of the members ot each House assent to the same."
Mr. Madison wanted it committed. Mr. Rut-
ledge said:
" If nothing else, this alone would damn, and ought to
damn, the Constitution. Will any State evci agree to be
bound iKind and loot in thi-> mannei ? It is worse than
making mere corpoiations of them, whose by-laws would
not be subject to this .shackle."
And thereupon Mr. Pinckney withdrew his
proposition, and all control was abandoned.
There was then to be no control on the part of
the General Government over State legislation,
otherwise than in the action of the Federal judi-
ciary upon such pecuniary controversies as might
be properly brought befoio them.
Notwithstanding all this jealousy, when this
Constitution came to be discussed in the conven-
tions of the States, it met formidable opposition,
upon the ground that the States were not suffi-
ciently secure. Its advocates by every possible
means endeavored to quiet the alarms of the fi lends
of State rights. Mr. Madison, in Virginia,against
Patiick Itenry; Mi. Hamilton and Chief Justice
Jay, m New York, aga nst the opponents there;
in all the States, eminent men used evci y exet tton
in their power to induce the adoption of the Con-
stitution. They hilled, until they pioposod to
accompany their ratifications with amendments
that should prevent its meaning from being pei-
verted, and prevent it from being falsely con-
strued; and in two of the States especially—the
States of Virginia and New York, the latiiication
was pieceded by astatement of what their opinion
of its true meaning was, and a statement that, on
that construction, and under that impression, they
ratified it. Some of the membeis of the Conven-
tion wen4 for asking for these amendments in ad-
vance of ratification; but they were told it was
unnecessary. In the Virginia convention, Mr.
Randolph, who was General Washington's At-
torney General, and Judge Nicholas, both ex-
pressed the opinion that it\vas not necessary, and
that the ratification would be conditional upon
that constiuction. Mr. Randolph said:
ll it be not considered too eailv. a-- ratification has not
yet been spoken of, i heg to '-•peak ol it. ll 1 did believe,
with the honoiahle gentleman, that all powei not e.\pre-siy
retained wib given up by the people, 1 would detest this
Government.
" Hut I never thought uo ; nor do [ now. If. in the rati-
fication, we put words to tin* purpose,k And that all au-
thonty not given is ictuuied by the people, and may be ic-
yumed when peiveitcd to their oppie.-,,ion; and that no
right can be canceled, abridged, oi testiamed. by the Con-
gress, oi any oriicci of ihe United Suites'—i savifwe do
this, I (oueeive that, as this Mjle of i.uitication would
manifest the punetpltw on which Yiunma adopted it, we
should ho at libeiiy to consider a< a violation of the Con-
stitution ever) exeicise of a pmvci not e.\pie-.s]y delegated
thuem. 1 >ee no objei tarn to thuV
And Mr. Nicholas said the same thing:
" Mi. Nicholas contended that the language of the pro-
posed ratification would secure eveiytmnr? winch gentle-
men desired, as it declared that all poweM vested in the
Constitution were derived from the people, and might be
i counted by them whensoever they should be pervcitcd to
their injmy and oppression; and that everv power not
giantcd thereby lemained at their \\ ill. No danget what-
evet could arise; for jsay* he] the>e r\pu;s-mu-. ujll be-
come a pait of the contr.ier. The Constitution cannot b-j
binding on Vnguua but with these eonditio.is. If thirteen
individuals aic about to make a eontiaet, and one aure's
to it, but at the same time deekue-j that he understand- its
meaning, signification, and intent to he (what the wotds
of the eontiaet piaiuh and obviously denote) mat it i-« not
to be eonsuued so a- to inipo-t; unv siipplenientaiy conch- !
tiou on him. and that he t<> be exonerated fiom it when
soever any such imposition shall he attempted, i a-k
whethei.ni tins ca^e, thc-e conditions on which he ha-
assented to H would not be binding on tin, orhu twelve;
Inhkemannei those conditions will be binding on Con-
gies-. 'J'hey can exetc^e no power that is not e\piessi\
giauted them.""'
So, sir, we find that not alone m these two
conventions, but by the common action of the
States, there was an important addition made to
the Constitution by which it was expressly pro-
vided that it should not be construed to be a Gen-
eral Government over all the people, but that it
was a Government of States, which delegated
powers to the General Government. The lan-
guage of the ninth and tenth amendments to the
Constitution is susceptible of no other construc-
tion:
" The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights
shall not be constiucd to deny or disparage others letaxned
by the people."
" The powers not delegated to the United States."
Gentlemen are fond of using the words "sur-
rendered," abandoned, given up. That is the
constant language on the other side. The lan-
guage of the amendmcntintended to fix the mean-
ing of the Constitution says that these powers
were notabandoned by the State, not surrendered,
not given up, but "delegated," and therefore
subject to resumption:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor piohibitcd by it to the State-', are reserved
to the States icspectively, or to the people."
Now, Mr. President, if we admit, as we must,
that there are certain political rights guarantied
to the States of this Union by the terms of the
Constitution itself—rights political in their char-
acter, and not susceptible of judicial decision—if
any State is deprived of any of those rights, what
is the remedy? for it is idle to talk to us at this
day in a language which shall tell us we have
rights and no remedies. For the purpose of illus-
trating the argument upon this subject, let us
suppose a clear, palpable case of violation of the
Constitution. Let us suppose that the State of
South Carolina having sent two Senators to sit
upon this floor, had been met by a resolution of
the majority here that, according to her just
weight in the Confederacy, one was enough, and
that we had directed our Secretary to swear m
but one, and to cail but one name on our roll as
the yeas and nays are called for voting. T'he
Constitution says that each State shall be entitled
to two Senators, and each Senator shall have one
vote. What power is there to force the domi-
nant majority to repair that wrong? Any court?
Any tribunal? Has the Constitution provided
any recourse whatever? Has it not remained
designedly silent on the subject of that recourse i
And yet, what man will stand up m this Senate
and pretend that if, under these circumstances,
the State of South Carolina had declared, I tn-
teied into a Confederacy or a compact by which
I was to have my rights guarantied by the con-
stant presence of two Senators upon your floor;
you allow me but one; you refuse to repair the
injustice; I withdraw;" what man would dare
say that that was a violation of the Constitution
on the part of South Carolina? Who would say
that that was a revolutionary remedy? Who
would deny the plain and palpable proposition
that it was the exercise of a right inherent in her
under the very piinciples of the Constitution,
and necessarily so inherent for self-defense >
Why, sir, the North, if it has not a majority
hero to-day, will have it very soon. Suppose
these gentlemen from the North with the major-
ity think that it is no more than fair, inasmuch
as we represent here States in which there arc
largo numbers of slaves, that the northern States
should have each three Senators: what are we to
do5 They swear them m. No court has the
power of prohibition, of mandamus over this body
in the exercise of its political powers. It is the
exelusivejudgo of the elections, the qualifications,
and the returns of its own members, a judge
wnhoutappeal. Shall the whole fifteen southern
Stales submit to that, and be told that they are
guilty of revolutionary excess if they say, we will
not remain with you on these terms; we never
agreed to it? Is that revolution, or is it the exer-
cise of clear constitutional right?
Suppose this violation occurs under circum-
stances where it docs not appear so plain to you,
but where it docs appear equally plain to South
, Carolina: then you are again brought back to the
' it revocable point, who is to decide ? South Caro-
lina says, "You forced me to the expenditure of
my treasure, you forced me to the shedding of the
i blood of my people, by a majority vote, and with
! my aid you acquired territory; now i have a
1 constitutional fight to go into that terntory with
