1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
existing roads. This was then a mule road. The
contract was made to make a wheel-road, but not
a railroad; and the question that went before the
supreme court was not on the validity of the grant
of land dependent on the improvement of that
road, for that was a reserved right anterior to the
constitution of 1853, but it was whether they could
make a railroad; and the court said not: first, be-
cause the right, the privilege, to make a railroad
was reserved in the national Government; and,
second, because they had granted that exclusive
right to the Panama railroad company. But, as
I before remarked, the validity of the grant of
land, dependent on the improvement of the road,
is a fixed fact, under the giant made by the prov-
ince which was cut off from Veraguas—Veragua.?,
Chiriqui, and Panama, now forming the State of
Panama. The State of Chiriqui made this giant
to improve that road previously existing, before
the adoption of the constitution of 1853. That
question lias never been decided against the grant;
and, again, the terms of that grant were, that as
soon as he opened the road, and made satisfac-
tory proof to the alcalde or prefect, they should
certify the fact, and the g«*ant should be complete.
He did improve the road: and spent, I suppose,
§160,000 in the purchase of the grant and in the
improvement of the road, according to the inform-
ation I have leceived. Pi oof was made befoic
the alcalde, and the certificates regularly granted.
When they came here, and the question of valid-
ity of title was examined by the Attorney General
of the Umied States, the then minister of New
Granada, General Herran, examined the pppers.
He had the JMcw Granadian laws before him, every
one of them, including the constitution; and he
certified, under the seal of his Government, that
the grants are valid. It ends the question. This
is a doubt that is sought to be thrown in here, to
be insinuated in the ears of men who have not
an undeistanding of the question, by interested
outsiders.
When you come to the subject of the mineral
lands, the Senator says they are forfeited because
they have not been worked for six years. He
does not know the law. When you discover min-
eral lands in New Granada, you give information;
that is, you denounce, you go before the alcalde
or prefect. Then you 'must within six months
sink your shaft, and prove to him that you have
done so. When you have done that, your title is
complete: but you have still to do this: you have
to pay ten cents a ton on your coal. That is a
reserved right to the Government. That is the
law. When you have once sunk your shaft and
made proof, your title is complete. The first is
the discovery; then the denouncement—to go be-
fore the officer to declare the fact. Then you
have six months to go and sink your shaft. Then
you have to come and make proof of the fact, and
your title is complete, and you'may sleep on it
for forty years; and the Senator from Maryland
did not know the law.
The grant of lands, or the line of the road, is
declared perfect, and certified to by the minister,
certified to by the judicial officers before whom
the act had been made. The grant of lands de-
pendent on the denouncement of the mines is
likewise certified in like manner; and the Induto
lands—as they are called—granted by the King
of Spain long before the Revolution, are certified
to also. Every single title is certified to be per-
fect, and the supreme court never touched the
question of the validity of the title to the lands or
the mines. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
They did decide that Chiriqui could not grant the
right to make a railroad. 1 answered that; and
proved this: first, that this is outside of the Pan-
ama company; and second, that the Panama grant
was, that they should not grant the right to make
a road " from sea to sea. " And this is not sought
to be done. It is only thuiv miles of it in New
Granada, and the rest is in Costa Rjca; and there
is a special contiact with that Government, print-
ed, on your table. It is no road from sea to sea;
it is an interior road of thirty miles. They can-
not prohibit me, if I make a railroad thirty miles
under a valid grant, from running through Costa
Rica up to Golfito, the little gulf carved out of
Golfo Dolce. Hence it does notmcetthe case at
all. The decision of the court is not worth one
straw as affecting the validity of this grant, or the
rights and privileges of the paities under it.
I will riot detain the Senate, but I wish to make
one suggestion, if it meets the general concurrence
of the Senate; otherwise I shall not press it. It
is out of order unless they all concur. It is this,
that as soon as we pass this bill, we agree to meet
here at seven o'clock this evening, and take up
territorial business. 1 am very anxious to press
through territorial matters, so that they may be
befoie the other House to-morrow. The chair-
man of the committee of the other House is very
anxious about it, and I will take it as a great favor
if the Senate will accommodate me in this. I will
not delav this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Pass this bill first.
Mr. GREEN. Oh, yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
in explanation of the vote I shall give.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me offer an amendment? I move this pro-
viso to the bill, to insert at the end of theamend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri:
*2nd provided further* That the assent of thr; Now Grana-
dian Government shall lir-U be ha*! and obtained to tins
coutiact and undertaking, before any money shall be paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to say a
word m explanation of the vote 1 propose to give.
1 have been an advocate of this matter from the
commencement. I supposed it to be very useful,
and an opportunity that ought not to be lost. I
voted for it at the last session, and I have voted
for it again at this session, though I confess that,
in the shape m winch it passed originally here, 1
should not vote for it again under any circum-
stances. Although I thoughtat the time the rights
of the country were well guarded in that amend-
ment, I have since come to the conclusion that
they were not; and that if it were presented in
that shape, I should \ote against it. I remain
of the oiignml opinion which 1 formed, that this
i*s a very important thing, and that the country
ought not to lose the benefit of it; but I have be-
come satisfied since the experiment that was made
on the former bill, that it is impossible to pass it
through both Houses of Congress. It was put
on there; two committees of conference were held
upon tins very matter; amendments were proposed
which guarded it pretty well; hut it was found
absolutely impossible to bring the other House
to agree to it. There was piejudice and feeling
against it there, which it is impossible, in my
judgment, to overcome.
My views with regard to legislation of this sort
are: that an important measure ought not to be
forced by the pressure of an appropriation bill on
the other House. If a measure is such as both
Houses, fairly considering it on an appropriation
bill, are willing to pass, as they would if it was
a separate bill, 1 should not object to its being
placed here; but being satisfied that the effect of
putting this amendment on this bill will be to im-
peril the bill, which is a very important one,and
create disputes and difficulties which may endan-
ger its passage finally, I cannot feel justified,con-
nected as i am with this appropriation bill, jn
voting to put it on again, and expose ourselves to
the difficulties that we had on a foimcr bill m re-
lation to it. Therefore, although remaining of the
same opinion that in i'selfit is an important meas-
ure, I shall feel constrained to vote against putting
it on hei'*, a.s an amendment to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The, question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; theic being, on a division—ayes 27, noes 11;
and the question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. KING. I do not propose to discuss this
matter Anther, though I took some interest m the
question when it wjs up before. I simply ask for
the yeas and nays. I think what has been said
is sufficient.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 17, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—."Messrs. Dialer. Biagg, Blight. Cameion, Fitch,
Gieon, Gwm, Hemphill, Laiie^ Latham.' Nicholson, Polk,
Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Thomson, and Wigtuli—17.
NAYS - Mox-ji.s. Anthonv, Baker, Bayard, Bingham,
Chandler, (JolJamr,r, Dixon. Doolittle, Douglas, Fessendei),
Foot, Foatei, Grimes. Hale, Jlailan, King. Morrill, Pearce,
Simmons. Sumner, Ten E>ck, Ttumbuii, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—*2.).
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
section two, on page 14, and be-part ef that sec-
tion:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, arid lie is
hereby, authorized and directed to purchase a suitable site
in Saint Paul, in the State of Minnesota, and cause to be
erected thereon, under his direction, a suitable tfuifilihg for
custom-house, post office, eourt-iooms,and other Alices'of
the United States. AmUhatthesumof$UU.000be,a'mIthd
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated: Ptovidcd^Tiia site and cost
of the building shall not exceed tiie said surn of $110,000:
Jlnd provided further, That no part of the money hereby
appropriated shall be used for the purposes mentioned tmttt
a valid title to the land for the site of said building shall
he vested in the United States, and until said State shall
duly release and relinquish to the United States the right
to tax, or in any way assess, said site, or the property of
the United States that may be thereon,- during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the ovvnei thereof
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 really hope the Senate
will not begin to put custom-houses on this bill.
The next thing we shall have will be marine hos-
pitals, and then post offices; and 1 cannot tell
where in the world it will stop. If we go on at
this rate, we shall never get through. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Bragg] says (hey
want one or two down there: I do not knowljow
many are necessary. 1 dare say this may be
very necessary, and 1 might be willing to vote for "
it on some other bill; but it will be rather a severe
operation to put it on this bill.
Mr. RICE. We have been very unfortunate
in the Northwest. Every measure for our ben-
efit, that has passed for the last two or three ses-
sions in the Senate, has been lost in the I-Iousc.of
Representatives or upon a committee of confer-
ence. On the 3d of March, 1857, the Committee
on Commerce reported this very amendment, and
it passed without a division. It was recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guthrie,
very strongly, "in the committer of conference,
it was swopped off for the water-works,here. I
find, in evei y instance, that I am a little too early
or a little too late; and I am afraid I shall never
be right. 1 do not know that I ever was in my
life. I should like to have the report read; and
if gentlemen will listen to that, and not say it is
not only necessary, but a saving to the Govern-
ment, I shall be surprised. I have all the docu-
ments, from various Departments here, recom-
mending it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt it may
be exceedingly well; but I think, in the present
state of the 'Treasury, our friends in St. Paul can
wait a little longer before we make an-appropria-
tion for this custom-house.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
read the report called for.
The Secictary read it, as follows:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
whom was releried Senate bill No. 28, entitled An act
making an appiopuation fox the ercction In the city of St.
Paul, State ot Minnesota,ot a suitable buildingfor custom^
house, post office. couit-iooms, and other office? of the Uni-
ted Staler have had the &anm under consideration, and
ru-pectiuily icpoit:
That it appeals that the looms now occupied by the Uni-
ted States distuet eoutt at St. Paul are inconvenient, badly
ventilated, and illy l.ghted. That the court-room is m the
thud wtOiV neu to" the loof, and very small in its dimen-
sions, with no accommodations foi the grand and petit ju-
rois when both panels are in couit,and without pioperand
convenient places for cnminaK and witnesses during trial *,
and moieover it is believed that it would be a matter of
economy to the Government to erect a buitable building for
the u.-e of the Fedeial oificcs at that point, as the sum now
paid foi lent for the several Government offices in the city
ofSt. Paul would bo equivalent to the interest upon a large
amount.
From authentic source, the committee learn that the rent
of the sunevor  encrai's office is $800 per annum, and
Unit of the looms for the coiut and ltd officers the same;
there is paid also foi rent of looms occupied by the super-
intendent of Indian affairs, $300per annum—making in all,
§1,900 pei year.
The committee also learn that the amount appropriated
for the picsent fiscal year, and to be disbursed by the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, having hit. office at s$t- Paul,
lb $332,733 33
It appeal-s to bo a matter, therefore, ot great importance
that, at all points wiieie large amounts are annually dis-
bursed bv the Govci nrneut, proper places should be pi ovided
for the safe-keeping of its funds.
The committee fuithermore learn, upon inquiry at the
Post Office Department, that the busmen of the post office
at St. Paul amounts to about fourteen thousand dollars a
year, and that it appears to be steadily increasing. The
gross evpenseiot the office, as charged, amount to about
Five thousand four hundred dollars a year, of which sum
<%800 is tor office lent.
It is deemed hisjhlvimportantby the Department that the
post offices should be kept in secure buiJdines, so as to in-
suie tlft safety of the mails and public prop'eity from de-
struction by fire nod the depredations of burglars.
The committee would here call attention to the following
