216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 31,
oppose him—or when, in a Republic, the nation is divided
into two opposite factious, and both sides take up arms—
this is called a civil war. Some wiiters confine this teun
to a juMiu uirection of the subjects again&t their sovereign,
to di-Uiieir-Ji that law ul icsi-tance liom rebellion, winch
is an open and unjust re-^tanee, But what appellation
tViii they give to a wai which arise* m a lepubke torn by
two t.ieiiont.—01 in a monaiehy, between two competitor
for tin: ctown ? Custom appiopuates Ihe leim ' civil war'
to eveiy war between the members of one and the same
political society. If it be between part of the citizen*! on
the one side, and the sovereign, with those who continue
in obedience to him, on the other, provided the malcon-
tents have any reason for taking up arms, nothing further
is required to entitle such disturbance to the name ol'civil
war, and not to that o\rebellion. Thislattertenn is applied
only to such an insurrection against lawful authomy is
void ot ail appeaianec ot justice. The sovereign, indeed,
never fails to bes-tovv the appellation of rebels on all *uch of
his subjects as openly resist hmi: bin when the latter have
acquired sufficient strength to give him effectual opposi-
tion, and oblige him to c«ury on Hie wai auamsr them ac-
cording to the established rulex, lie must uec(ssauly sub-
mit to the ii5«o of the teun {civil war.'
" It is Jbieign to om pmpose in this place to weigh the
reasons winch may authonzo and justily a civil vv;u ; we
have eisewheie treated of the ca>es wherein subject1* may
lesist the .sovereign. (Book I, chap, iv.) Setting, theie-
fon,, thcju-tice o! the cause wholly out of the question, it
only remains for us ro consider the innvims which ought
to be observed in a civil w.n, and to examine whethei ihe
sovereign in p irticular is, on such an occasion, bound to
conform to the established rules of wai.
" A civil wai breaks the bands of society or government,
or at ieast suspends theii force and efleet; it pioduces in
the nation two independent panics, who con->idoi each
other as enemies, and acknowledge no common judge.
These two parties, therefore, must necessarily lie consid-
ered as thenceforward constituting, at least for a time, two
separate bodies, two distinct societies."
How docs that square with this notion about
coercing individuals and not societies ?
" Though one of the parties may have been to blame In
breaking the unity of the State ami renting lawlul authoi-
ity, they aie not the less divided in fact. Besides, who shall
judge them ? Who shall pionounce on which sale the light
or the wrong lies ? On eaith.thev have no common supe-
rior. They stand, therefore, in pieeihcly the same piedie-
ament a- two nations who engage in a eonte-t, and, being
unable to come loan agteemenf, ha\e iccom-o to amis."
— VattcPs Law of Nations, book .'i, chap. It\ p. 1*2 1.
So much for the question of rebellion under the
law of nations. But, sir, I wish to cull the atten-
tion of gentlemen to an authority which, on the
other side, is seldom disputed upon questions of
constitutional and international law. I refer to
Mr. Webster. On (he occasion of (lie disttub-
anccs on the Canada frontier, Alexander JYIc-
Leod, a British subject, came across the line in
time of profound peace, seized a steamboat called
the Caroline, killed one of the men on board,
moved it from its moorings, set fire to it, and it
plunged over the Falls of Niagara. Some years
afterwards he was found in the State of New
York, arrested, and brought to trial for the crime.
The Government of Gieat Britain communicated
to this Government that, as a Government, it as-
sumed the responsibility, and therefore, under the
law of nations, required that the individual should
be given up. Mr. Pox, in his letter to Mr. Web-
ster, said:
" It would be eontraiv to the univei-'al practice of civ-
ilized nations to fix. uidivtrhi.il lespon^ilulity upon petrous
who. \win the s.meuou oi In (lie onlers ot the constituted
authorities of a State, engaged in mihtaiv oi naval entei
puses in then eountiv's cause; and it is obvious that the
Inttoduetion ot such a pnneiple would nggta\ate beyond
mea-me tin* idim lie--, and w<mJd iiuhtfiilh meie.isr the
demotahzmg efleeN of uais, bv inmmr up with national
cxaspeiation the ieioeit\ of personal p,i-sions, and the
cmclty and bitterness of individual revenge.
'< ller Majesty s- Government cannot believe the Gov
cinmentof the United States can icallv intend to set an
example t>o fiaught w ith evil to the eommunitj of nation*,
ami the direct tuidenc v of which inu^t be to bung b.u k
Into the piactiee of model u war afioeities which etviliz it ion
and (.'hiIstiamty have Ions? >meo banished.—Woiks oj
Daniel Wcbi,tery vol. 0, p. 52-lf.
To that, Mr. Webster mude reply:
"The communication o! the tact that the destruction ot
the rnmlme was an net of public toico by the Otitis 1  nu-
thouties, being formally made to the Government of the
United States. by Mr. Fox's note, the ease a-siiuius a do-
ctded aspect.
"Tin* Government of the United Ptates enteitamsno
doubt, that aitei this avowal ol the transaction as a public
transaction, authorized mui undeitaken by the Huti^h au-
thoiifieh, u divj'iualscouc'< ined in u ought not, by the piin-
cipie> of pubhe law and the getietal ui<ageol civilized States,
to be liolden pei.sonaliy icspoinible m the ordinary tribu-
nal-? "f law ha tiieii paiticjjMtion m it. And the I'lesident
pre.sumes that it can haidlj be neee^niy to saj that the
Amcucan people, not disti iistail of their ability to rediess
public ujoims oy public meai.s, cannot desiic the puniJ-h-
ment of individual-- when the act complained of declaied
to have be^n an act of tlx* Government itself."'— Works oj
Duincl Webster, vol. G, p 203.
Instructions to this effect were accordingly sent
to the Attorney General. But Mr. Webster was
subsequently attacked in the Senate for his con-
duct in relation to this negotiation ;and he delivered
a very elaborate speech in defense of the treaty
of Washington. This brings mc to the point
which I suggested to the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, when he told us the other'day that
cach citizen owed allegiance to two sovereignties,
and that he was bound at his peril to distinguish
between their orders; that he could commit trea-
son, under the-Constitution, against the United
States, and that the Constitution also recognizes
that he could commit treason against the State;
and yet the honorable Senator went so far as to
say, that if his State ordered him to do a thing,
and the United States forbade him from doing it,
both under the penalty of death, it was his mis-
fortune to be placed in such a position that lie
might be hanged or executed by either, and under
the law of nations have no redress, no escape. I
answer him in the language of Mr. Webster on
that very subject:
" fn the next place, and on the other hand, General Ilar-
iison was of the opinion that the aiiei-t and detention of
McLcod were contraiy to the law of nations. iMcLeod
was a soldiei, acting under the authonty of his Govern-
ment, and obeying oideis which he waa hound to obey. It
was absurd to tay that a soldier, who must obey oideis or
be rdiot, mav«till be hanged it he does obey them.'',— Works
oj Daniel Webslci, vol. 5, page
I do not use the term "absurd;" it is Mr.
Webster who uses it. But perhaps gentlemen
will say: Mr. Webster says that he was acting
under the authority of his Government, and obey-
ing orders which he was bound to obey; but we
deny that a citizen of South Caiolina is bound to
obey the orders of his Government. To that I
reply, in the language of Vattel, that no citizen of
any State has the right to question that; that it
is a principle of the law of nations, that the citi-
zen owes obedience to the command of his sover-
eign, and he cannot enter into the question
whether the sovereign \s order is lawful or unlaw-
ful, except at his peril. Jf his sovereign engages
in war—if his State declares her independence—
he is bound by the action of his State, and has no
authority to control it. Why, Mi. President, how
idle and absurd would be any other proposition !
How idle and absurd to suppose that yon can, in
principle and in practice, sepnra to each particular
individual of a State and make him responsible for
the collective act of his Government—each agent
in turn. The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pufiir,] who delivered to us the other day so mag-
nificent and patriotic an appeal,read you the lan-
guage of the different Presidents of the United
StatevS upon that subject, and cited to you the lan-
guage of Mr. Adams, in which he said that he
had been forced to avoid making use of the power
of the Federal Government, in the State of Geor-
gia, against certain surveyors acting in defiance
of the Federal authority, because he understood
that they were ordered so to act by their State gov-
ernment, and believed themselves bound to obey
the order.
Sir, if there was anything in this idea m theory,
you might reduce it to practice; hut what can be
more absurd, more vague, mote fanciful, than the
suggestions put out by gentlemen here? You are
going now, observe, to declare no war and to
coerce no State; you are simply going to execute
the laws of the United States against individuals
in the State of South Carolina. That is your
proposition. Is it serious? One gentleman says
he will hang for treason. Ah, where is the mar-
shal to seize, and wheic is the court to tiy, where
is the district attorney to piosceule,and where is
the jury to convict? Arc you going to establish
all these by aims? Perhaps you tell mc you will
remove him elsewhere for trial. Not so; our
fathers have not left our liberties so unguarded
and so unprotected as that. The Constitution
originally provided that no man could be brought |i
to trial for an offense out of the State where he y
committed it. The fathers were not satisfied with ;
it, and they added an amendment, that he shonld j
not be brought to trial out of the district even in j;
which he had committed it. You cannot take him ii
out of the district. You have got no judge, no |i
marshal, no attorney, no jurors, there; and sup- ij
pose you had: who is to adjudge, who is to con- ii
viet? His fellow-citizens, unanimous in opinion |i
with him, determine that he has done his duty,
and has committed no gmlt. Thatisthe way you
are going to execute the laws against treason !
WlnU next? Oh, no, says the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] that is what we will do; we
will execute the laws to collect revenue by block-
ading your ports, and stopping them up. At
first blush this seems a very amusing mode of
collecting revenue in South Carolina, by allowing
no vessels to come in on which revenue can be
collected. It is the strangest of all possible fan-
cies that that is the way of collecting revenue
there, of enforcing the laws in the State against
individuals. But first you are to have no war.
And what is blockade? Does any man suppose
that blockade can exist by a nation at peace with
another; that it is a pcace power; that it can be
exercised on any other ground than that you are
at war with the-party whose ports you blockade,
and that you make proclamation to all the Gov-
ernments of the earth that their vessels shall not
be authorized to enter into these ports, because
you arc reducing your enemy by the use of reg-
ular constituted,recognized, warlike means? Oh,
but perhaps it is not a blockade that you will
have; you will have an embargo, that is what you
mean. We are guarded here1"again. The Con-
stitution heads you off atevery step in this Quix-
otic attempt to go into a State to exercise your
laws against her whole citizens without declaring
war or coercing the State. You cannot embargo
the #orts of one State without embargoing all
your^irts; you cannot shutup one without shut-
ting npali; the Constitution of the United States
expressly forbids it. If your blockade or your
embargo were a peaceful measure, you are pro-
hibited by the very words of the Constitution it-
self from forcing a vessel bound to or from one
State to enter or clear or pay duties in another,
or from making any regulations of commerce
whatever, giving any preference to the ports of
one State over the ports of another; and you have
no more right to blockade or close the ports of
South Carolina by embargo, even by act of Con-
gress, than you have to declare that a sovereign
State shall have no right to have more than one
Senator on this floor. Your blockade is impracti-
cable, unconstitutional, out of the power of the
Pie^ident.
What is this idea of executing the laws by
armed force against individuals? Gentlemen seem
to suppose—and they argue upon the supposi-
tion—that it is possible, under the Constitution
of the United States, for the President to determ-
ine when laws are not obeyed and to force obedi-
ence by the sword, without the interposition of
courts of justice. Does any man have such an
idle conceit as that? Docs he suppose that, by
any possible construction, the power of the Fed-
eidl Congress to call out the militia, and to use
the Army and the Navy to suppress insuiiectioa
and to execute the laws, means that the President
is to do it of his own volition and without the inter-
vention of the civil power? The honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] the other day,
called upon us to look at the example of Washing-
ton, who put down rebellion in Pennsylvania. He
said well that he was no lawyer, when he cited
that General Washington called forth the militia
of Pennsylvania and of other States to aid in ex-
ecuting the laws, upon a requisition by a judge
of the Supreme Court of the United States ceiti-
fymg to him that the marshal was unable to carry
out the judgments of the court.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
that very well.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then what on earth do
you mean by saying that you will go into a State
and execute the laws of the United States against
individuals, without a judge or jury there, with-
out a maishal or attoi ney, with nobody to declare
the violation of law, or to order its execution be-
fore you attempt to enforce it ? The Senator may
not have intended to assume such a position. Ho
has been unfortunate in the impressions that lie
has produced upon the country.
But, sir, other means are suggested. We can-
not go to war; we are not goin<? to war; we are
not going to coerce a State. " Why," says the
Senator from Illinois, " who talks of coercing a
State; you are attempting to breed confusion in
the public mind; you are attempting to impose
upon people by perverting the question; we only
mean to execute the laws against individuals."
Again, I say, where will be the civil process
which must precede the action of the military
force? Surely, surely it is not at this day that
we are to argue that neither the President, nor
the President and Congress combined, are armed
