THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
letter from the acting Commissioner of the General Land
Office?
• - , - General Land Office, January 19, 1660.
§ir: In reply to your verbal iuquiry ot the J7ih, I have
to inform you that the archives of the surveyor general's
office at, St. Paul, Minnesota, embrace original plats, field
notes, and other evidence ot survey, and ail the corre-
spondence reletting thereto, of the lands in Minnesota, and
small, portion of Wisconsin and Michigan Territories,
reaciung.ba.ck to an early period, which were turned over
from the old Cincinnati and Detroit offices. The destruc-
tion by tire, or 'other accident, of those important evidences
of- title, which lay at the foundation of the sales and other
disposals of the public lands in tiie Suites named, would be
aftnost irremediable, to say nothing of the great expense of
lenbwing them, and wouid lead to great contusion, litiga-
tion.and pecuniary losses.
Thfeir safety, therefore, is of the utmost importance, both
to the Government and the people of the; States, and they
should hi no means be intrusted in lrail buildings, which
may be destroyed by fire in a night, with their contents,
when by a trifling expenditure they may be placed in com-
parative security, and at the same time afibid proper ac-
commodation (or the public officers, and tacilitate tiansac-
tion of the public business.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
aiding Commissioner.
Hon. H. M. Rice.
It will be perceived from the foregoing letter that there is
evidently a strong desire on the part of the Government
relative to the occupancy of suitable building5? foi the trans-
action of business, and for the safe-keeping of archives,
and ah matters of a governmental nature which it may bo
deemed of importance to preserve.
From a tabular statement furnished by the General Land
Office, showing the cost of the United States of ttanspoi t-
ing money from the various land offices m Minnesota to
the United States depository at Dubuque, Iowa, for the
year ending Decembei, 1&>7, it appeals that $38 14 was
allowed by the Government lor that purpose.
Should a proper depository be established at St. Paul, of
course the expense ot transporting money to that point
Irom the different laud offices m that legion of country
would be much less than it is- now, as in that event the
land offices in Minnesota would bs no longer compelled to
uke the long and expensive journeys to Dubuque they are
now required to do to make their deposit*.
A letter was addr^sed to Mi. Guthiie, while Secretary of
the Treasury, by Hon. Henry Dodge, channmn of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, relative to an appiopihxtion foi the
construction, at St. Paul, ot a building (or custom-house,
&c., and asking for such suggestions on the subject as he
might think pioper and conducive to the public interest.
In Mr. Guthrie's reply the following mmaiki occur:
" I have to say that, in consequence of Us grout import-
ance as a public depository, t should recommend the elec-
tion of a fire-piool btuhlumof .stone lot a public dop<>Mtot>,
custom-house, post olheo, comr-rooei^, and otlu-i United
States offices, hixty feet by mnetj feet, ami liity-MX ieet
high from the topol the underpinning to the e.ivoj., having
wrought lion girder*., b'jam*, shutter*-, ^tairwavs, roof, See.,
for which there would be required an appiopiiatu>n ot
$100,000, and ton per cent, additional lot eoiuingeueitv,
cxcluslvc ol the eo-t of site.1'
The committee do not believe that the nfiioe* now occu-
pied by the Government at St Paul are of a sale and dura-
bio character, which the importance of the business trans-
acted at that point would seem lo require. Nor do they
perceive that any immediate remedy can be applied in the
premises, as it h believed that the offices are already lo
rated in the safest and most suitable places in the city. And
in view of these fact**, the committee would recommend,
for the future protection of the piopeity of the Government
at the city ol St. Paul, thai the appropriation asked tor be
granted for the purpose expressed m the bill.
Mr. RICE. I wish merely to say that, if this
becomes a law, the work cannot be; commenced
for more than a year. They must wait for the
Legislature to take action. There is another
point to which I wish to cull the attention of the
Senate: since that report was made, the Hudson
Bay Company have transferred all of their busi-
ness from the Hudson's Bay through the States,
and all the goods and supplies for that vast coun-
try must pass through St. Fan!. They have made
a contract for a long series of years, and they
have gone on and put a steamer on the Red River
of the North for the purpose of facilitating this
business, and the business there in that point of
view is increasing very rapidly I hope there
will be no objection to this appropriation. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
were unanimous upon it. The Committee on
Commerce four years ago were unanimous. It
passed the Senate without a dissenting vote, and
was stricken off in a committee of conference,
and very likely may share the same fate again; I
do not know. I wish merely to discharge my
duty on the subjcct; and I hope there will be no
objection to it. It is the only appropriation that
has been asked for for that country for a long
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RICE. I hope the Senate will gratify mc
with the yeas and nays on that amendment/
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not hear the amendment
read. 1 will ask the Senator from Minnesota
what is the amount?
Mr. RICE. One hundred and ten thousand
dollars.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana wish the amendment reported?
Mr. BRIGHT. No, sir: the Senator from Min-
nesota has given me the information I desired. I
am sure we will riot deny to Minnesota what has
been granted to each of the other northwestern
States. Certainly so far as they have asked for
it, they have had it. A building of this kind is
very important to a growing town like Saint Paul.
I know something of the inconvenience to which
the public is exposed for want of a court-house
and post office in a town of that size; but I sug-
gest to the Senator whether, in the start, he had
not better begin with $50,000.
Mr. RICE. One objection I should have to
that—and I believe it is a valid one too, and one
which many other Senators have had—is, that
when you start with $10,000, $20,000, or $50,000,
you never end the appropriation. It was the
opinion of the Secretary that it should be limited
to this amount; and consequently the site will be
purchased and the contract will be made within
this sum; and he cannot, under the law, exceed
that amount.
Mr. BRIGHT. One hundred and ten thousand
dollars is needed, and I shall vote for it willingly;
but I doubt whether we can carry it, from present
indications.
Mr. RICE. Very well; let it be lost. 1 have
done my duty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the Senator had hot-
ter hold on to $110,000. I think he will get that
as readily as the balance. Two appropriations
were made, three years ago, for Springfield and
Cairo, Illinois, and they have not got a dollar ex-
pended; and I expect he will get $110,000as well
as $50,000.
The question being taken by yeas anil nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follow*:
YEAS—Mc-sr*. Bakoi, B.yder, HtitrM, IJainciO'i, Dixon.
Doolittle, Gieen, Gwm, Hale, Hemphill. Johnson of A i knit -
sit-, hane, L.Uhnin, Niehohou, 1'ollc, Powell, liu'e, W.ulo,
Witjf.iU, <ind Wilkui-on--#)
N \ VS—M.nm. Anthony, Rmijhain, Chandler, Chuli.
('oilamer, Douglas Fe*"henden, Foot, FoMeu Ofiiw*. Hai-
hn, Kennedy, Kinsi, Momll, Peaiee, SitnmoiH, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Tiicnbull, and \Vil-?un—^3
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion, the yeas aie 20, and the nays 2J.
Mr. FOOT. Then the amendment is lost, of
cou rso.
Mr. GWIN. The Vice President is hero, and
he should vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to
the Senate, that this is not only an amendment of
very great importance, but it is, perhaps, the only
opportunity the public service will have to get
relief in this particular. We all know that the
public business is so far in advance of the neces-
sities of the day and hour; and I think we should
not pass this hill now. I think so, in deference to
the public service; and therefore I move that we
do now adjourn. [*" Oh no."] "We are a long
ways ahead of the public business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the contrary, wo are
not ahead, but very much behindhand. I hope
we shall not adjourn.
Mr. BIGLER. A single word in this connec-
tion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
jVlr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Arkansas, that the question oil the amendment is
not decided.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER put the question
on the motion to adjourn, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. GWIN. I was on the floor before that
question was put at all. I do not want that vote
announced.
Mr BIGLER I desire to make a sinarle remark
in connection with what was said by the Senator
from Maine Manifestly to-morrow, or the day
after, we should 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides debate 011 this question to be out of order.
Mr. GWTN. I make this question: the Vice
President is in the Capitol, and there is a tie vote,
and he has to be sent for to give his casting vote
on that question.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. LANE. It has been decided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
that question has not been decided long ago? The
vote was a tie; and if the Vice President had been
here he would have had a chance to vote on it;
but he was not here, and the question has been
decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adjournment, and that is not debatable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was determined in
the negative
Thc°PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
clared that the noes appeared to have it. Is it
doubted?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody doubted it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
understood the Senator from California to doubt it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at ail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the noes
have it, and the motion is not agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I desire to have my
amendment read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment, to insert as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the third section 
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to move a
reconsideration of the vote on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Minnesota. I voted
under a misapprehension.
Mr. HALE. How did you vote?
Mr. KENNEDY. I voted m the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland moves a reconsideration of the
vote just taken on the amendment of the Senator
from'Minnesota. Does the Senator desire to have
this motion acted upon now?
Mr. DOCJGLAS. I desire to say one word on
this motion to reconsider.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of oider.
Mr. HALE. It is this: the Senator from Rhode
Island had the floor, and sent an amendment to
the Chair, which the Clerk was reading, and in
that state it was not competent for the Senator
from Maryland to interrupt that proceeding;, and
move a reconsideration of the other vote.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Tho Chair will
state to the Senator from INew Hampshire the
way in which he understood the condition of the
business. The Senator from Rhode Island was
awarded the floor by the Chair. The Senator from
Rhode island then passed up his amendment to be
read; and, while the Clerk was in the act of read-
ing the amendment, the Senator from Maryland
rose to a privileged question, to move a reconsid-
eration, which the Chair thought in order, and
awarded the floorlo him on that question. The
Chair will state that he did not understand that
the Senator from Rhode Island retained the floor,
after he sent up his amendment, necessarily. If,
however, he had not taken his seat,-the Senator
from Illinois will be out of order, and the Chair
will award the floor to the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Several Senators. The amendment was being
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In that event,
the Senator from Rhode Island is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask, though, whether
a motion to reconsider docs not take priority?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the position of the Chair
is, that the right to make the motion does take pri-
ority; but that a motion need not and will not be
passed on by the Senate, unless the Senate see fit
to do so, when it is made. The motion is entered,
and stands.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator asks that the
motion be considered now.
Mr BIGLER. He cannot make that motion
and have it considered. It can be entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion of
the Chair is, that it cannot be acted on now while
the Senator from Rhode Island has the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. That is right.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to be captious; but I
