1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
with the powers of a military despot to carry out
the laws, without the intervention of the courts,
according to their own caprice and their own dis-
cretion, to judge when laws are violated, to con-
vict for the violation, to pronounce sentence, and
to execute it. You can do nothing of the kind
with your military force.
But it is suggested, and the President is weak
enough to yield to the suggestion, that you will
collect your revenue by force—by the action of
the power of the Federal Government on individ-
uals. Has anybody followed this outpracticaliy ?
Is it possible? I remember that Mr. Webster
once, as a mere figure of rhetoric, in his debate
on the Foot resolutions, used some such threat
as this against this same State of South Carolina;
but it wus looked upon as a mere beautiful figuic
of speech. No man ever paid any attention to
it as really a threat of the use of constitutional
power. You will put your collector on board of
a vessel in the harbor. It shall be a man-of-war;
it is in the port; and thero you will make every-
body pay dutii'sbefore thegoods are landed. That
is the next proposition, that nobody sees any
practical difficulty about. But; sir, it is totally
impracticable—totally impossible. Take a casC.
A citizen of New York owns a vessel which
loads with a cargo of assorted merchandise, pait
free, part owing duty, and consigns it to Charles-
ton. He enters the harbor. Under the law he
is obliged to make entry of his vessel, to produce
his manifest, to go through certain other formal-
ities. He goes on board your ship-of-war, sees
the collector,and complies with the orders. What
next ? There are no duties paid yet, and the man
who has a right to the free goods has no duties
to pay. You cannot prevent him from going to
the wharf and discharging them. There is no
law to be executed there against an individual.
But I will take it for granted that the whole cargo
is a duty-paying cargo, and all belongs to one
man, who does not mean to pay your duties. You
are no better off. The man declines to enter his
cargo. What is the law? The master of the
vessel wants to go away. He is entitled by law
to report to the collector that he is ready to de-
liver his cargo, that nobody is there to enter it,
and that he demands that his cargo be discharged,
and put in public store; and under that he may
go upon his new voyage; and you cannot change
that, unless you change the law for all the ports
of the United States Or he maygo further: the
importer may go to the collector, and say, I
want to enter my cargo in warehouse;" and he
gives a bond signed by himself and a solvent fel-
low-citizen, that they will pay the duty when he
takes the goods out of the warehouse. Then you
must let him put those goods into the custom-
house warehouse; and you cannot change that law
either, without changing it for the whole United
States; bccausc you cannot, under the Constitu-
tion, by any regulation of commerce, give any
preference to the ports of one State over those of
another.
Mind you, you are at peace; you are not co-
ercing a State; you are merely executing the laws
against individuals! You cannot do it without
breaking up your whole warehouse system; you
cannot do it' without breaking up your whole
commercial system in every poit of the Confed-
eracy. Your goods are ashore; they arc in Gov-
ernment warehouses; but you have not got the
duties. A rush upon the warehouse, and the
goods are taken out. You have got a bond, but
you have no court to sue it in; and if you had, you
would have no jury to forfeit it, because the jury
would be told by the court, or at all events by
the lawyers who defended the defendant, that the
Government had no right to collect that bond;
that it was a usurpation which required him to
give the bond.
This whole scheme, this whole fancy, that you
can treat tlfe act of a sovereign State, issued m
an authoritative form, and in her collective ca-
pacity as a State, as being utteily out of exist-
ence; that you can ticat the State as still belong-
ing collectively to the Confederacy, and that you
can proceed, without a solitary Federal officer in
the State, to enforce your laws against private
individuals, is as vain, as idle, and delusive, as
any dream that evei entered into the head of man.
The thing cannot be done, it iS only asserted
for the purpose of covering up the true question,
than which there is no other: you must acknowl-
edge the independence of the seceding State, or
reduce her to subjection by war.
Now, Mr. President, 1 desire not to enter in
any detail into the dreary catalogue of wrongs
anci outrages by which South Carolina defends
her position; that she has withdrawn from tins
Union because she has a constitutional right to
do so, by reason of prior violations ot the com-
pact by her sister States. Before, however, mak-
ing any statement—that statement to which we
have been challenged, and which I shall make in
but very few words—of the wrongs underwhich
the South isnowsuffering,andforwhichshcseeks
redress, as the difficulty seems to arise chiefly
from a difference in our construction of the Con-
struction, I desire to read one more, and a last,
citation from Vattel, giving a rule in relation to
the construction of treaties between sovereigns,
and compacts between States. Among other
things, he says:
" The rules ihat fMiiblNb a lawful interpretation of trea-
ties are sufficiently important to be made the subject of a
distinct chapter. "For the piesent, let us simply obseive
that an evidently false interpretation is the gtosse&t ima-
ginable violation of the faith of treaties. lie that resorts
to Mich an expedient, either imprudently sports with that
sacred faith, oi sufficiently evinces his mwaid conviction
of the degree of moral turpitude annexed to the violation of
it; he wishes to act a dishonest pait, and yet picscrve the
character ot an honest man; he is a puutamcal impostor
who aggravates las crime by the addition of a detestable
hjpocrisy. Giotius quotes several instances of evidently
false intcipiet.itionsputupon treaties. The Plateaus having
promised the Thebans to re«toie their prisoners, lestored
them after they had put them to death. Pericles, having
promised to spare the lives of such of the enemy as laid
down their arms, ordered all those to be killed that had iron
clasps to their cloaks. A lloman general having agreed with
Antiochii' to restore him half his fleet, caused each of the
ships to be sawed m two. All these interpretations arc as
fraudulent as. that of RhadamisTu^, who, according toTaci-
tus's account, having sworn to Mithrjdatcss that he would
not employ either poison or steel against him, caused him
to be smothered under a heap of clothes."—Vattel's Law
of Nations, book 2, chap. 15, p. 231.
There is the text; now the commentary. You,
Senators of the Republican party, assert, and your
people whom you represent assert, that under a
just and fair interpretation of the Federal Consti-
tution, it is right that you deny that our slaves,
which directly and indirectly involve a value of
more than four thousand million dollars, are prop-
erty at all, or entitled to protection in Territories
owned by the common Government. You assume
the interpretation that it is right to encourage, by
all possible means, directly and indirectly, the
robbery of this property, and to legislate so as to
render its recovery as difficult and dangerous as
possible; that it is right and proper and justifi-
able, under the Constitution, to prevent our mere
transit across a sister State, to embark with our
property on a lawful voyage, without being openly
despoiled of it. You assert, and practice upon
the assertion, that it is right to hold us up to the
ban of man—kind in speech, writing, and print,
with every possible appliance of publicity—as
thieves, robbers, murderers, villains, and crimi-
nals of the blackest dye, because we continue to
own property which we owned at the time that
we all signed the compact; that it is right that we
should be exposed to spend our treasure in the
purchase, or shed our blood in the conquest, of
foreign territory, with no right to enter it for set-
tlement without leaving behind our most valuable
property, under penalty of its confiscation. You
practically interpret this instrument to rac that
it is eminently m accordance with the assurance
that our tranquillity and welfare were to be pre-
served and promoted; that our sister States should
combine to prevent our growth and development;
that they should surround us with a cordon of
hostile communities, for the express and avowed
purpose of accumulating m dense masses, and
within restricted limits, a population which you
believe to be dangerous, and thereby force the
sacrifice of property nearly sufficient in value to
pay the public debt of every nation in Europe.
Thii is the construction of the instrument that
was to preserve ourseeurity, promote our welfare,
and which we only signed on yourassurance that
that was its object. You tell us that this is a fair
construction—not all, some say one thing, some
another; but you act, or your people do, upon
this principle. You do not propose to enter into
our Suites, you say, and what do we complain
of? You do not pretend to enter into our States
to kill or destroy our institutions by force. Oh,
no You imitate tin? faith of Rhadamisms: you
propose simply to close us in an embrace that
will suffocate us. You do not propose to'fell the
tree; you promised not. You merely propose'tb
girdle it, that it dies. And then. when we tell you
that we did not understand this bargain this way,
that your acting upon it in this spirit releases us
; fromthe obligations that accompany it; thatunder
| no circumstances can we consent to live*together
under that interpretation, and say: " we will gb
from you; let us go in peace;" we arc answei'efl
by your leading spokesmen: " Oh, no; you can-
not do that; we have no objection to it person-
ally, but we are bound by our oaths; if you at-
tempt it, your people will be hanged for treason.
We have examined this Constitution thoroughly;
we have searched it out with a fair spirit, and we
can find warrant in it for releasing ourselves from
the obligation of giving you any of its benefits,
but our oaths force us to tax you; we can dispense
with everything else; but our conscicnces, we pro-
test upon our souls, will be sorely worried if we
do not take your money.rt [Laughter.] That is
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, in plain language. He can avoid every thing
else under the Constitution, in the way of seces-
sion; but how is he to get rid of the duty of taking
our money he cannot see. [Laughter.]
Now, Senators, this picture is not placed before
you with any idea that it will act upon any one
of you, or change your views, or alter your con-
duct. All hope of that is gone. Our committee
has reported this morning that no possible scheme
of adjustment can be devised by them all com-
bined. The day for the adjustment has passed.
If you would give it now, you are too late.
And now, Senators, within a few weeks we
part to meet as Senators in one common council
chamber of the nation no more forever. Wc de-
sire, we beseech you, let this parting be in peace.
I conjure y9u to indulge in no vain delusion that
duty orconscicnce, interest or honor, imposesupon
you the necessity of invading our States or shed-
ding the blood of our people. Yon have no pos-
sible justification for it. I trust it is in no craven
spirit, and with no sacrifice of the honor or dig-
nity of my own State, that I make this last appeal,
but from far higher and holier motives. If, how-
ever, it shall prove vain, if you are resolved to
pervert the Government framed by the fathers
for the protection of our rights into-an instrument
for subjugating and enslaving us,then, appealing
to the Supreme Judge of the universe for the recti-
tude of our intentions, we must meet the issue
that you force upon us as best becomes freemen
defending all that is dear to man.
What may be the fate of this horrible contest,
no man can tell, none pretend to foresee; but this
much I will say: the fortunes of war may be ad-
verse to our arms; you may carry desolation into
our peaceful land, and with torch and fire you
may set our cities in flames; you may even emu-
late the atrocities of those who, in the war of the
Revolution, hounded on the blood-thirsty savage
to attack upon the defenseless frontier; you may,
under the protection of your advancing armies,
give shelter to the furious fanatics who desire,
and profess to desire, nothing more than to add
all the horrors of a servile insurrection to the ca-
lamities of civil war; you may do all this—and
more, too, if more there be—but you never can
subjugate us; you never can convert the free sons
of the soil into vassals, paying tribute to your
power; and you never, never can degrade them
to the level of an inferior and sei vile race. Never!
Never! [Loud applause in the galleries.]
Mr. MASON. I demand that the galleries bo
cleared instantly.
Mr. FOOT. I second that demand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The Chair will make that order, that the galleries
on the right of the Chair be cleared.
Mr. FOOT. And that they be cleared forth-
with. [Hisses in the galleries.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to exccute the
order of the Presiding Officer.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I trust not until the dignity of
the Senate is vindicated.
Mr. YULEE. A motion to adjourn is made,
and it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn is in order.
Mr. BIGLER. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays. I
