1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
desire to pat this question right. If a Senator rises
and addresses the Chair, and moves an amend-
ment, and sends the amendment to the Clerk, and
the Clerk is reading it, it is substantially hearing
the Senator that proposes the amendment, only he
proposes somebody else to read it instead of him-
self, and therefore, in that state, it is not compe-
tent for anybody to interrupt him with any other
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should be glad, with the
conscnt of the Senator from Rhode Island, to
know where I stand, ami at what time I may have
a reconsideration of the vote I have indicated ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
already decided that that motion has been made.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I suggest, to settle the
difficulty, that the question be put on the recon-
sideration, and that will dispose of the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island give way ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly I will give way,
if we can get a vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves that the question be put on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be dune by unan-
imous consent. There is no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, that motion will now
be put. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a word to say upon
that. I voted against this amendment for the
custom-house and post office at St. Paul, not be-
cause 1 am opposed to having such a building
there, but for this reason: if we are to take up the
subject of custom-houses and post offiecs and pub-
lic buildings, I think it but fail and just that other
points as well as this one should have been re-
ported. An appropriation was made at Spring-
field, the seat of government of Illinois, two or
three years ago; but it has not been expended,
and I supposed the appropriation has lapsed by
process of time, and gone back into the Treasury.
If weare now to make appropriations on that sub-
ject, I think that that stands on an equal footing
with any other. So with another one in my State.
I desire, when we take up this subject, that all
parts of the country be treated fairly and equally;
and I think, when the Post Office Committee was
considering the one at St. Paul, they ought to
have considered those others. I ihink the appro-
priation for Springfield had priority. It was for
an older State, a larger place, and there had been
a previous appropriation. All these reasons ap-
plied. I am willing now to open this subject and
take up other places, and treat each part of the
country fairly; or else to postpone this one, and
let it abide the result of olbeis that I think had
an equal claim.
Mr. KENNEDY. I only wish to say a single
word. When I asked for the reconsideration of
this vote, it was not upon the understanding that
other places asking for similar favors had been
passed over; nor do I now mean to be under-
stood as saying that, in voting for this amend-
ment, I intend to oppose the same favor being
granted to any other point. 1 am prepared to vote
to extend the same favor to any other place—
Springfield or anywhere else—precisely upon the
same ground that 1 shall vote for the post office
here at St. Paul.
Mr. RICE. 1 have but a word to say to the
Senator from Illinois on this subject. There is
an old adage, " it is never too late to do justice."
I will take him now at his word, and I believe he
will do us justice when he understands the case.
In 1857, the Committee on Commerce offered an
amendment providing for a large number of such
buildings 
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make a point of
order. I should like to know whether debate on
the merits of a proposition is in order on a recon-
sideration ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is in
order.
Mr. RICE. In 1857, this subject was before
both branches of Congress, and was fully consid-
ered by the various committees. All the States
were ccfhsidered then; all had representatives here
upon this floor, and all had appropnations that
asked for them. Among the rest, Minnesota, then
being a Territory, received this appropriation;
but Minnesota, having no representative upon
this floor, and having none at the other end of the
Capitol that was entitled to go upon a committee
of conference or to vote, on the last night of the
session, the very region that had no representa-
tive, and had no vote to give to any other meas-
ure, was stricken off in a committee of confer-
ence, while the appropriations for the Senator's
State were all reserved. I presume, when he made
his statement, he was aware of that fact; and if
he is in favor of doing justice, as 1 have no doubt
he is—and as it is never too late to do it—I think
that, in this case, he will reconsider his vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Since the Senator from Min-
nesota has referred to the action of 1857, I may
be permitted to say a word in explanation. It is
true that appropriations for the seat of govern-
ment of Illinois passed that year; but it happens
also to be true, that the Executive began to quar-
rel with the Representatives from that State that
year, and he disobeyed the law. To this hour,
you could not get the law executed. Other cus-
tom-houses could be built; other post offices could
be made; hut not a dollar could be expended at
Springfield or at Cairo, in Illinois, although the
law required it; and I do think, inasmuch as we
have had the appropriation, and the obstinacy of
a hostile Executive refused to obey the law and
execute it until the money has gone back into the
Treasury, certainly we stand on an equal footing
with those that did not get the appropriation.
Mr. RICE. You ought not to visit the sins of
others upon our heads.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
rejected the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. RICE On that question, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to say hut a single
word. When this question was before the Senate
previously, I voted for the amendment; but I be-
lieve, in the present state of the Treasury and the
country, that I voted unwisely. 1 shall therefore
change my vote; and in doing so, I beg to say to
my honorable friend from Minnesota; it is not
that I do not believe it will be wise at some time
to build a court-house and a custom-house for the
United States at St. Paul, in Minnesota; but at
the present time, I think it is unwise to make the
appropriation, for we shall open this whole ques-
tion of custom-houses, and at a time when the
Treasury is so depleted.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, 1 desire to say, in addition to what has been
said by the Senator from Wisconsin, that 1 voted
for this appropriation because of my sympathies
for Minnesota. Almost all the active men in Min-
nesota arc from Pennsylvania. There is a large
number of them, and they are my friends. With-
out reflecting on the condition of the Treasury, I
voted for the amendment, and at any propertime
I shall always vote for an appropriation to build a
custom-house, or anything else Minnesota wants;
but I think, with the Senator from Wisconsin,
that this is not the time to make appropriations
of that sort. If it would end there, I would be
willing to vote for that single point; but it will
bring m other places in various other States, and
among the rest m my own State.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, notwithstanding
the condition of the country, which is now an
excuse for not voting $100,000, to be expended in
twelve, eighteen, or twenty-four months, it is
not so ball but that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania advocated, and he and his friends took up
the time of the Senate in urging, a proposition to
tax us millions to benefit his own State.
Mr. B1GLER. A single word in reply to the
remarks of the Senator from Illinois. He thinks
the expenditure of an appropriation in Illinois
was defeated because the Administration chose to
do so. I have no other reply to make, than to
simply state the fact that an appropriation was
made "for the erection of a post office and court-
house in the city of Philadelphia prior, I believe,
to the appropriations for Illinois, and the money
has never been expended there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe there is an adver-
tisement out now for a contract for that building
before this Administration expires. I should like
to see one for Illinois.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. They never
grant any thing of this sort in my State; bat I think
they ought to grant it to all; and therefore I shall
certainly vote this for the State of Minnesota. .
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Gwin,
Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Poweil, Rice,
Sebastian, Wigfall, and Wilkinson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Tiixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Bia-feee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Fostei, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Kmg, Morrill,
Fearce, Simmons, Sumner, Tea Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—25.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote
rejecting the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island
will now be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jhid be it further enacted, That the third section of ail
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of Juue, 1861," approved June
23, 1860, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SIMMONS. The third section of thatact
contains a clause preventing the Secretary of War
from purchasing any fire-arms that are patented.
Of course it excludes all new arms, and was in-
tended, I suppose, to do so; so that he cannotpur-
chase anything but some of those old flint-lock
guns. I think it is about time we had good arms,
if we are to have any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatistheamendment?
I should like to hear it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the amendment be
reported again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will state, in a single
moment, that in one of these bijls there was a
clause inserted 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody understands
it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, I wanted to say
something about it. I understand the Senator
from Veimont to inquire about it.
Mr. LATHAM. If 1 mistake not, this is the
same amendment that the Committee on Military
Affairs agreed to report to the Army bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is impossi-
ble for the Senator on the floor to be heard, unless
the Senate will come to order.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. I yield to the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. LANE. I have nothing to say on this sub-
ject, exccpt to remark that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs recommended a repeal of this clause
of the law of 1860; and I am not certain that an
amendment to the Army appropriation bill would
not be a better place than this.
Mr. GRIMES. It was not put on the Army
bill before. '
Mr. LATHAM. The Committee on Military
Affairs have agreed to report such an amendment
to the Army bill.
Mr. GRIMES. But it was not originally passed
on the Army bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody is agreed to it.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not agreed to it, for I
do not know what it is. The amendment repeals
an act; but 1 am not certain what that act is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Mary-
land will allow me, I was about to state that in that
appropriation bill last year, there was contained
a clause which forbade the Secretary ofWar from
purchasing any patented article; and this amend-
ment repeals that section.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, we have re-
pealed it already.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; we have. I recol-
lect it distinctly We repealed it on the Navy bill,
with an exception made by myself; which excep-
tion was to exclude fire-arms from the operation
of the repeal. In regard to everything else, it was
repealed.
Mr. COLLAMER. That merely repeals what
related to buying articles for the Navy by the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. PEARCE, I think it applied to all, so far
as I recollect.
Mr. GRIMES. It applied to all, with the ex-
