1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. .Cobb; who knew what
this transaction was.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Treasury Department, May 25,1860
Sir: Charles II. Peaslee, Esq., while coIJectoi of cus-
toms at Jloston, pei formed the duties of a superintendent
* of light*, and claimed for the disbursements made by lam
in that capacity, out of his own proper collection district, a
compensation at the rate of two and a half per cent. This
claim was not allowed by the accounting officers; and, on
Mr Pea-lee'* letuement fiom office, inasmuch as a case
was pending m the courts in behalf of Mr. Greely, his im-
mediate pi edecessor, involving the legality of a similar
claim, he concluded to abide the result of that suit, and
paid at once into the Treasuiy the balance in his hands,
with the exception of a few hundred dollars, which he re-
tained under the impression that lit-; accounts could thus
be moie readily adjiu-ted, should the couitdecido theeom-
pen&ation clauncd by lum to be legal. It was so decided
by the Supreme Couif, at its December term, 1838, in the
case of'James C. Convei-e, admimstr.itoi of Greely, jt.,
deceased, vs. the United States ; and Mr. Peaslee was al-
lowed, by the accounting officcis, compensation at the rate
declaied legal by the court. In order to complete the pay-
ment to Mr Peaslee of the amount thu* allowed, there will
heiequired the sum of $9,339 24, which liecoinmend shall
be added to the estimate (page 48 of printed estimate-) for
the service ol the yuai endmu June ^0, 1860, foi commis-
sions at the rate ot two and a half per eenf to «uch super-
intendents as are entitled to the same under the pioviso to
the acf of March 3, 1831, and be included in the appiopna-
tion bill.
In making this lecommendation, it affords me pleasuie
to beai witne-s to the piomptm>.s of Mr. Peaslee m paying
the money into theTreasuiy,and tlieconfideneethus man-
ifested bv him m the Government, instead of retaining the
amount to await the event of the suit.
I have the honoi to be your obedient servant,
HOW'JiLL COB!), Secretary oj the Treasury.
lion 11. M. T. IIunter. Chairman of the Committee on
Finances, Senate of United States, Washington, District
of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I find, upon
having examined into thisca.se, slightly, it is true,
but sufficiently to satisfy myself in regard to it,
that it presents itself peculiarly to the considera-
tion of the Senate. I certainly would not bo a
volunteer to take up the cause of New England
if 1 did not think it had justice, without any re-
gard to the troubles that may now be considered
to exist. The late collector at Boston, finding that
he had a disputed account with the Government
in regard to what was justly due him, and having
the power, as most of those having accounts with
the Government have done heretofore, to retain
that part which was within his own control, in-
stead of keeping the money that he regarded to be
due to himself, not being disposed to afford a
ground for any question being raised as to the
correctness of the administration of Mr. Pierce,
who appointed him some years since; and being
informed of the fact that there was then the case
of Mr. Greely in court which involved precisely
the point at issue as to his right to retain the
money that he conccived to be due to him, said
at once that he would not hold on to the privi-
lege that he might have to keep that money which
was in his hands, and be charged unjustly of being
a defaulter,or have the Government slandered as
having defaulters in the public service, and he
said at once he would pay over the money that
was in his hands, and leave it to the decision of
the court to determine whether he was justly en-
titled to it or not. That was the conduct of Mr.
Peaslee.
The opinion of the court has been since given,
and it appears that Mr. Greely was entitled to it,
and the circumstances were the same. I (.appears
also that Mr. Peaslee had no disposition to press
on the mutter, but left to the Government the
power to recognize the facts as they were. It
being left so. Mr. Peaslee having give up advan-
tages which he possessed for the purposeofavoid-
jng any misconstruction or imputation, I cannot
but think that if the matter be one of account,
which is distinct and clear as to each item and as
to the whole amount, he ought to be paid what is
due to him.
The amendment, as I understand it, proposes
to strike out what the committee has hitherto
allowed; for 1 believe the committee did allow
that it ought to be paid. It is opposed by the
chairman, who moves that it be stricken out. It
was allowed by the House of Representatives,
and it is now proposed that the Senate shall re-
ji ct it. I cannot suppose that any Senator will,
on reflection, object to vote that which is justly
due by the decisions of the court. It is not an
unsettled account. It does not consist of items
yet to be fixed and arranged; but it is an account
that is admitted and becomes a matter of debt,
because it is liquidated, it is distinctly shbwn to
be due; it amounts to so many dollars and so
many cents; and courts themselves, as well as
the opinions of the highest and most reliable law-
yers that we have in the country, determine that
this money is due and ought to be paid. I hope
it will not be refused under these circumstances
and in this instance, particularly when theperson
upon whom the question is raised sacrificed his
own privileges in order that he might be clear of
the charge that he had ever taken a particle of
advantage to secure to himself the possession of
this money.
Mr. PE'ARCE. Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. I would inquire ofthe Senator
from Maryland if this debate is to be continued?
If so, I shall move an adjournment. It is ap-
parent that there is no quorum here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a quorum about
the Chamber.
Mr. POWELL. There may be, for all I know;
but there is evidently not a quorum here.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire says that the act of 185*2, the Light-house
Board act, was considered by the court; and he
infers that from the fact that, in the citation of
cases which the Chief Justice has made, in a par-
I agraph of four lines, he has put down the act of
3832 "10 Statutes, 119, 120;" but it does not ap-
pear from one word of the decision or opinion
of the court that that statute was brought into
consideration,otherwise than as it was citcd in the
argument, because there is nowhere anything as
to the construction or effect of that statute, and it
is very manifest that the court had no reason to
consider that statute. Mr. Greely's term of ser-
vice, all but a few months of it, was prior to the
creation of the Light-house Board. The Light-
house Board was oigamzed in October, 1852; but
it did not go into operation until the early part of
the next year, when his term as collector was
about expiring. The court, therefore, had no oc-
casion to consider what the operation of thatstat-
utf> would be on his claim, because all that he had
done was outside of that statute before the stat-
ute went into operation. Therefore, though it is
cited by the judge, it is manifest it could not op-
erate on his case. That is what I stated origin-
ally, that it could not operate on his case, but it
did operate on the subsequent case.
The Senator seems to think that there isan issue
of fact between us. He is informed one way, and
I another. Now, I propose to read a memoran-
dum, which I obtained from some of the Light-
house Board.
a The practice ofthe Light-house Board, under the au-
thonty and by the approval of the Seeietaiy ofthe Treas-
ury, has been' to advertise for proposals, in the u-sual mode
lor furnishing oil and other supplies m general—matenals
for building, lepairing, &c., arid for construction in specific
eases ; the bids received at tins office are opened in public,
the lowest responsible bid accepted when appioved by the
Secrctaiy of the Tiea-siny. The contiacts are made out
either in till-* office or by the inspector or engineer of the
distnct, as the case may be, having regard to the ai tides
and their use, tiaiwmtied to the contractor direct for.-djr-
natuie, guaiantee, bond, &c., and then icjuined by them
to this oflice. When the articles aie to be dcliveied, the
light-hou-e inspector, or the engineer, or one ofthe secre-
taries of the boatd, a* the case may icfjuire, attends at the
pi.ice, applies the stipulated tests,comparisons, &e , and if
lound to confoim to the reiin^ ol the contiact, aie icceived.
The bilK or vouchers aie men made out either by the in-
specting office oi at this ofhee ; the certificate of the pioper
officer being sigii"d. the hilN aie sent to the conliactor,
and the funds placed by the riecrotaiy o'* the Tiea.-ury in
the hands of the nearest (as a geueial itile) colieetoi of
customs, who a supci mtendent of lights,
"• i?y tin1 rules and regulations ol the boaid, approved by
the Department, the ceitifving officer i-< the res-ponsible
person."' (See lobulations urniei levenue laws, Treasury
Department, ait 1160, p. 661 )
uThe voudieis for all pui chase-, made in tin- open market,
in contbnnii) to law and regulations, are made out, anil
duly certified by the light-house inspector o*' the di.-twcf.oi
by the piopei officer ot the boaid, m the same manner that
those are made out for laiger amounts, and aie presented
to the superintendent lor payment by the hojdoi.
"The supei intend* nts of lights (eol!"eiuis of customs
of ceiiam disti els) cciniy to tne p.ij ment of sabine* and
wages oi hglit-housc keepi;i -i, and seamen of light vessels,
only within their ie?pcetive light house di^tiicts."
That is the statement furntshpd to me by thr
office. Ilerc us a copy of an advertisement of the
Light-house Boaid for oil:
u Sealed proposals will he leeeived at tins office until
twelve o'clock, m.. on Thursday, the 11th da> of October
next, foi supp'wng the lighthouse establishment with
eightj thousand g illons of thrt bust qudity pine, winter
stunned sperm od, to be divided into thiee* lots and to be
delivered.'' Stc , ■**■***•
•• Eveij o(t;r must be accompanied by a written guaran-
tee, signed by one or more responsible persons, and knowji
to the Department as such, or certified by a United-States
district judge, attorney, navy agent, Or collector of the cus-
toms, to the effect that, if the bid or bids be accepted, the
bidder or bidders will duly execute a contract in good fciith,
according to the provisions and terms of this advertisement,
within ten days after acceptance; and that, in ease the said
party or parties offering shall fad to enter into the contract
as aforesaid, he or they guaranty to make good the'differ-
ence between the offer of the said party or parties and the
next lowest bidder. All bids must be sealed, and indorsed
' Proposals for oil for light-houses,' and then placed in an-
other envelope and duected, prepaid, to the secretary ot
the Light-house Board, Washington city."
Then follows the form of the offer, and then
the guarantee, and then the certificate. So,I think
1 am justified m asserting that these-are not pre-
pared by the collector, but by the Light-house
Board, as they ought to be; because the law has
made it their duty to perform them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state to Sena-
tors present that, when my attention was first
called to this matter, it was by Mr. Peaslee him-
self; and from the statement made to me by him,
I did not perceive that there was any good reason
why he should not be paid; and when the matter
came up in our committee, it being understood
that it was merely a provision in pursuance of the
decision in the case of Mr. Greely, and to carry
out that, as it was termed, no objection was made,
and it passed. Subsequently, however, the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee was called
to the remarkable and striking difference between
this case and that of Mr. Greely, and he investi-
gated it; and I also investigated it, so far as to
satisfy myself not only that Mr. Peaslee had no
claim to these $9,000, but that he had absolutely
received some twelve thousand dollars which he
ought never to have received at all, and that he
ought to be at least satisfied with that.
The distinction between the two cases is a very
palpable one. Mr. Greely performed valuable
and important services, and incurred serious and
heavy responsibilities, under the direction ofthe
Government. He made large purchases of mate-
rials for places outside of his district, disbursed
the money, and saw to the whole thing himself;
and when the matter came up for consideration
by the Supreme Court, after his death, they de-
cided that for those matters outside of his district,
in which he had incurred these responsibilities,
and performed these valuable services and labors,
he ought to be paid according to the rate whiclf
was fixed forsuch services. But the point to which
our attention was called, which distinguished the
cases, has been stated by the chairman. About
the time Mr. Greely went out of office, the Light-
house Board was established. After that, they
did all the work; they made the contracts; they
made the purchases; they did everything, in point
of fact, in relation to the matter—everythingofany
conscqueucc; they drew the vouchers, and drew
everything, all but this. When they had got all
done, and came to pay the bills, they drew,in favor
of Mr. Peaslee, a draft on the sub-Treasury in
Iloston, payable to his order, with which to pay
the bills and pass them over to the people entitled
to them. So that, with regard to the purchases,
with legard to the contracts, with regard to every-
thing in relation to doing the work, Mr. Peaslee
had nothing to do with it at all; but when the time
came to pay the money, the draft was made on the
sub-Treasury, because he was theie in Boston as
collector, and all he did, was to hand over the
money in that way; and that is ail the respons-
ibility he claims to have had about it. I had it
out of his own mouth.
My friend [Mr. Clark] shakes his head. I
put the question distinctly to him: " Did you do
anything in relation to this matter? Was there
not this broad distinction between you and Mr.
Greely,that the drafts were made payable to you,
and that you only passed over the money?" Said
lie: "Yes; but 1 incurred serious responsibilities,
and came very near losing $50,000 in one case."
I asked him how. " Why," said he, " I like to
have paid it to a wrong man, to the assignee, when
it had not been assigned;" and theiefore he came
very near losing it; but he did not pretend to me
that he had done anything, or incurred any re-
sponsibility, except simply to receive drafts that
were drawn in his favor, indorse them, get the
money, and pay the bills, if 1 misrepresent him,
he is here, and can explain it to the Senator from
New Hampshire; for I would not misrepresent
anything he said to me on the subject.
