1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois." I hope there
will be no objection to that resolution.
There was 110 objection; and the resolution was
accordingly received and adopted.
FAST DAY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the consent
of the House to introduce the following lesolu-
tion. I presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HILL. Does it relate to politics? If it
does, I shall move that the House adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is not.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, by proclamation of the Piesident'of the United
States, Friday, the 4th day of January next, is recommended
to he obsrnved as a day of piayer and devotional exeicises
in view of the danger? which thieaten the Union and the
Constitution theieof: Therefoie,
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House be granted
for such pui poses on that day, under the direction of the
Chaplains of the Senate and House.
The resolution was received—no objection being
made—and was adopted.
ACTION OP SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
taking- up and passing the resolution which I of-
fered this morning, and which was laid over under
the rule.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HILL. I thought that resolution must
lie over under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor-
rectly, but the gentleman from Pennsylvania
moves to suspend the rules for the purpose of
acting on the resolution at this time.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to accept this as a substitute for
his resolution:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire and ropott to the House to
whom and at what pucc the public aims distributed since
1st day of January, 1880, have been disposed of; and also
into the condition of the forts, arsenaH, dock yaids, Sic.,
of the countiy ; whether they are supplied with adequate
garrisons, and whether any further legislation is requued
to enable the President to afford adequate protection to the
public property; and that the committee have power to
send for persons and papers, and leave to rcpoit at any
time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
accept that, I want the President to speak for
himself.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HATTON. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The resolution is not before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is right, and I hope
it will not be. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 91, nays G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alk1} ,A-likj} . Babbitt, iieale, Bingh.nn, Blair, Blakp,
Braytoii. ttugg-j, Bufiinton, jjtiilingame, Burnham, Camp-
bell, Carey. Case, Clemens, Colfax, Conklms, Cox, John
G. D^vi-* Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton," Eliot, Ely,
Fainswoith, Fenton, Ferry, Fo-tcr. Fieneb, Gooch,Grow,
Hale, Ilelmiek, Ilolrnan, William Ilowaul, William A.
Howard, Humphrey, Ilutchms, Junkin, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Ivenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnocker, Loomis, Lovejoy, IVIar>ton, McICoan,
McKenty, JVIcKmght, Mcl'herson, Montgomery, iMoirill,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morns, Morse, Ohn, Palmer,
Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Edwm R. Reynold?, Iliffgs, Christo-
pher Robinson, Royce, Sheiman, Spauiding, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevens, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Trimble, Van-
dever, Verree, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Waihbum,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, and Wmdom—-91.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L.Anderson,
Avery, Baiksdale, Barret, iiocoek, Branch, Burch, John
B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, James Ciaig,
Crawford, Cuuy, De Jamctte, -Edmundson, Etiieridge,
Floicnce, Garnett, G.irtreil, Hauieman, J. Morrison Hants,
John T. Hams, TIatton, Hill, Hindman, Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, James M. Leach, Love, Ciiatles
D.Martin,ElheitS. Martin, Maynaid,McClernand,McUae,
Laban T. Moore, S}den)iam Moore, INiblaek, Noell. Pen-
dleton. Pe\ton, Piyoi, Push, Quaiies, Jame<? C. Robinson,
Ru^-t, Scott, Sic-klc^.'Simms Singleton, Stokes, Thomas,
VaUanrii«liain, Vance, Webstei, Winslow, Woodson, and
Wright—W.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. JONES said: I would ask whether the
modification suggested by the gentleman from '
Ohio [Mi. Stanton] has been accepted or not? j
The SPEAKER. It was not accepted; and the I
vote now is on the resolution as originally intro-
duced.
Mr. SPAULDINGr stated that he was paired
with Mr. Crawford; but, as Mr.Crawford was
present m the House, he would vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr.DAVIS,ofMississippi,said: Mr.Speaker,
it is, perhaps, proper that i should make a state-
ment at this time. Once or twice I am reported
in the debates as being paired with thegentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter.] When that pair
was made, I was hourly in expectation of being
called home; for the reason that I had received a
letter informing me of the illness of my wife. This
statement will explain what otherwise might ap-
pear strange—that is, the fact of my being pres-
ent here for eight or ten days without recording
my vote.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
PUBLIC ARMS, FORTS, ARSENALS, ETO.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution. The Committee on Military Affairs has
already applied to the Secretary of War for the
information requested in my resolution in h letter
of the 18th instant,and have received no response.
The members of that committee believe that the
emergencies of the service required that this in-
formation should immediately he forthcoming.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Militaiy Af-
fairs be instructed to mquiie and report to the House how,
to whom, and at what price the public aim-, distiibutcd
since the 1st day of Januaiy, 1860, have been deposed of;
and also into the condition of the foits, arsenals, dock-
yaid-s &c., of the country; whether they are supplied with
adequate garrison*, and whether any fmther legislation is
required to enable the President to afford adequate protec-
tion to the public piopeity; and that the committee Itave
power to send for peisons and papers, and leave to lepoit
at any time.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, in order that I may introduce the
resolution.
The question was taken, and rules were sus-
pended; and, under the operation thereof, the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which tiie resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Speaker, I am, as you
know, a member of the committee of thirty-three,
and in attending on its .sessions, I have not been
able always to take that carf of the business of
my State that I would desire. I ask the unani-
mous consentof the House—and I hopeitwill be
accorded to me—to introduce the following reso-
lution. I selSom trouble the House with any
such motion, and never unless it is necessary.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No, 299, fot the payment of ex-
penses incuued in the suppie^s-ion of Indian hostilities m
the State of California,be made the special ordei of the day
m the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
lor the second Thuisday in Januaiy next.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any special or-
ders being made in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I alsoobject
to it.
Mr. BURCH. I hope that gentlemen will with-
draw their objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this be made a special
order m any committee, it ought, perhaps, to be
m a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar. If it be made a special order for
Friday or Saturday, I will not object.
Mr. BURCH. Modify my resolution so as to
make the bill the special order for the second
Friday in January next.
Mr. FENTON. I object to its being made the
special order on a private bill day
Mr. BURCH. I adhere, then, to my original
resolution: and objection being made, I move a
suspension of the rules, in order that it may be
introduced. The bill is not aptivatc bill. It was
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs at
the last session: but at so late a day that it was
impossible to take action on it. My only desire
is to have some certain day fixed for the consid-
eration of the bill. My duties on the select com-
mittee of thirty-three require my presence else-
where a large part of the time ;and if the resolution
be adopted, I may so arrange my business as to
be here when the bill comes up. I hope the mo-
tion to suspend the rules will be agreed to,
Mr. STANTON. This is an important mat-
ter; and if it is to be acted upon during this ses-
sion, it ought to be made a spccial order. It in-
volves a large amount of money,
Mr. BURCH. If permitted, I could make a
statement, that would, I think, remove all objec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to suspend the rules for the purpose indicated,
ENFORCEMENT OF THE LAWS.
Mr. DA*VIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House, for leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Whereas a convention of delegates, chosen by the peo-
ple of the State of South Carolina, lately^ to wit: on the 
day of December, 1860, adopted the following ordinance,
namely: " We, thp people of South Carolina, in conven-
tion assembled, do declare and ordain that the ordinance
adopted by us in the convention of the 23d of May, J?88,
whereby the Constitution of the United States was ratified,
and the acts ratifying amendments to the said Constitu-
tion, are hereby repealed, and the union now subsisting be-
tween South Carolina and the other States, under the name
of the United States of Ameiica,is hereby dissolved;5' and
whereas the said State of South Carolina, in pursuance
thereof, and the proclamation of the Governor of said State,
claims to be a separate and independent Government, and
is attempting to exercise the powers of such separate and
independent Government: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the same, and to report to this
House, at any time, what legislation, if any, has become
necessary, on the pait of Congress, in consequence of the
position thus assumed by the said State of South Carolina.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lution.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to per*
mit me to offer a substitute for his resolution ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the light of a State to withdraw from the
TInion is not recognized by the Constitution, and neither
the President not the Congress of the United States are in-
vested with authority to recognize any State in any other
character than as one of the States of the Union.
Resolved, That by the Constitution of the United States
the General Government is invested with power to collect
the puhl ic i cvenues in all eases whatsoever, and to protect
its property whciever situated.
Resolved That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
report to the Houko whether the laws now in force are suf-
ficient to enable the Government to effectually sustain its-
rights of property situate in the several States, or elsewhere,
and to collect its revenues wheie an attempt shall be made
to n'«ist their collection ; and if, in the opinion of said com-
mittee, tiie laws arc insufficient, the said committee is in-
structed to report the necessary bill to accomplish, eifect-
ually, the objects aforesaid, and making it the imperative
duty of the Government to cali into requisition all the pow-
ers with which it is invested by the Constitution to protect
the propeity of the United States wherever situated, and
collect the revenues of the Government in all cases what-
ever, by the employment of the Navy or otherwise, as the
exigencies of the case may require.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not accept the
substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the call forth©
previous question will not be seconded, in order
that we may have a vote on the amendment.
Mr. HILL. I move that the whole subjectbe
laid upon the table; arid, on that motion, I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and, on that motion, I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. If the House adjourns, what
will be the condition of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first
thing on Wednesday morning next.
The question was taken; and it was decidediii
the negative—yeas 50, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
Baiksdaio, Hocock, Branch. John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochiane, Crawford, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis,
De Jarnette, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gar-
treli, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Ilairis, Hill,
Houston, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, James M. Leach, Love, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S.
