1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
viz. $333,.309 98. at two and a half per centum, §21,339 24,
a-, appears from the statement and vouchers? tiansmittcd foi
the decision ot the Commissioner of Customs herewith.
T. L. SM1T11, First Auditor.
To the Cosimipsioner of Chstoms.
Mr. CLARK. I have only this further to say:
that heie thuie is an account adjusted, allowed
and fixed at the Department, of which part has
been paid, and now we ask for the balance as it
is adjusted there.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator has not shown
us yet that the collector performed these duties. X
say lie did not, and could not; because the law im-
poses them on others. What if he did super-
intend the building of a marine hospital and pur-
chase the furniture for it: it is not pretended that
he can claim any compensation for ihat under this
appropriation of two and a half per cent, com-
missions for disbursements as superintendent of
lights. lf*ho has a claim on that, let him make
it and get what he can; but as for the case being-
parallel to that of Greely, it is utterly impossible,
Decause the law appointed a different set of agents,
and because ] had the testimony of those agents
directly that they perform the duty which the
laws impose on tliem,and the collector does not.
He paid, it is true, accounts which the Light-
house Boaid had contracted, and he certified the
bonds, and witnessed them, 1 suppose, and in
that sense only can he be said to have executed
them.
The law requires, and the fact is that these ac-
counts are ail executed the Light-house Board.
The collector has no right to bind the Government
in that way; but all he has to do is to witness
them himself, to certify them as having been exe-
cuted by the parties in his presence; and that is,
1 have no doubt, what the deputy called "exe-
cuting "—seeing them executed; thatistheamount
of it. But he has no claim. The meritorious
service performed by Mr. Grecly was recited by
the court, and talon from the record which was
brought up to the Supreme Court, and made the
foundation of their decision; for in the court below
they rejected the evidence of this meritorious ser-
vice, and the Supreme Court reversed it on the
ground that the evidence of this meritorious ser-
vice ought to have been received, and so sent the
case back to the court below. That is the founda-
tion of the decision that he had performed services,
and the testimony of ins having performed it ought
to have been received.
Mr.CLAIlK. I do notunderstand performance
as the Senator does, hut will not delay the Senate
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 9; no quorum
voting.
YEA^—Me-sr*. Bakeu Biu^hanru Btagg, Con.uri'ji,Doo-
liltle. Durkee, Fcs^enrten, Foot, Foster, Guinea, Johnson
of Ti'ii oswc,Kuig,.MoruH, Poarcc. Polk, Simmons, Sum-
ner, T< n Evok, TiUiiihuli, Wade, and Wilkin^on—ai.
NAYS—Me.-r*. Anthony,Ohandlei,Clark,Halo,
Lane, Latham. Powell,and Wilson—9.
M>*. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to offer a resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let it be read
for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy ho instructed
to intonn the Senate it the pay of the master woikinen at
the sevfial n.ivy-yauls, oi any of them, has been varied
fiom a per riiem compensation to an annual balaiy; mid if
po, when that was done; how many master workmen at
each \ aid have been tlms vaued; vviiat was the necessity
or the change; and by authonty of what law was the
change made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 object to the
resolution.
ilr. LATIIAM. I desire to offer a resolution,
and if it is objected to, I will let it lie over.
Air. FESSiiNDEN. It cannot be passed, as
theic is not a quorum.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no quorum
present.
Mr. LATHAM. Then, I give notice that I
shall offer it to-morrow morning.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays. There is a quorum pres-
ent. Gentlemen who made speeches on this ques-
tion and some of whom are present, do not choose
to vote. I ask for the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion of adjournment.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the resolution I offered
will be read for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolred, That on and after the Oillli instant, the Senate
take a lecess daily, till Congress adjoin us, from five, p. in.,
to seven, p. m.
Mr. PEARCE. I object to its being consid-
ered now.
Mr. LATHAM. I do no not ask its present
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
that the Senate adjourn; 011 which the yeas and
nays have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 28; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Biagg, Hemphill, Johnson ot Aikansas,
Peatce, Polk, and Powell—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bakei, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandli'i, Clark, Collamer, Doohtlle, liouglas, Durkee,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Ginncs, Hale, Hailan, Kennedy,
Iviuf;, Latham, Morrill, Rice. Simmons, Milliner,Ten Eyek.
Tiurabuil, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand this is the
lust amendment, or the last but one, to be offered;
and we had better finish this bill. There is a
quorum here; and I hope gentlemen will vote, and
let us put the bill on its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill
suggest that there is no quorum voting.
Mr. POWELL. There has not, except when
the roll was called, been a quorum within the
Chamber for three hours, ( believe, for I have
been counting them. I think it is outrageous for
Senators to absent themselves so as to leave us
without a quorum, and keep those who aie will-
ing to sit here and attend to the business, for eight
houis 111 tins Chamber. 1 hope that the Senate
will vote upon the bill, adjourn, or do something.
It is absolutely disgraceful to the Senate, the way
we are getting 011.
Mr. GRE EN. 1 desire to ask whether my vote
will make a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has refused to adjourn; and the question before
the Senate is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. GREEN, t voted on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will again call the roll on that amendment.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if the rules
of the Senate do not require all Senators to vote.
I ask that the rule be read which requires all Sen-
ators to vote; and, if it is the rule of the Senate,
I think it should be enforced. However, I will
waive the call* as I understand theie is a quoium
voting.
The result was then announced—yeas 2G, nays
9; as follows:
YEAS—M"--.r- Baker, Bingham, Bia<nr, Cameron, Chan-
dler, Colianiei, fiooiitlle, Douiilas, Duikee, Fes„enden,
Foot, Foster, Crimes, Itarlan, Johnson ot Tennessee, Ken-
nedy, Km:, Moirill, Pearee, Polk, Simmons, tiunmer, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wiikin-on—ei',.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Gieen, Hale, Hemp-
hill, Latham, Powell, Rice, and Wilson—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have one other amendment
to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk.)
Will the Senator fiom Maryland pause a moment
until the Senate can come to order? It is lmpos-
> sible to transact business unless the Senate'come
f to order. The Chair begs Senators to take their
seats, and let us have that kind of order which will
enable us to go 011 with business with dispatch
and understanding!}-.
Mr PEARCE. I have one other amendment,
which I certainly would not offer to this bill at
this time if it were possible to have it applied to
any other bill, or to get it through Congress at
this session. It relates to the law for taking the
census, and apportioning Representatives. 1 will
state, before sending it to the Chair, the object of
it. The census act of 1850 directs the manner it)
which the apportionment of Representatives shall
be made; and it directs the population of the
country to be divided by {wo hundred and-thirty*-
three, to obtain the ratio of representation, to say
nothing of fractions for the present. Now, sir,
since the act of 1850 was passed, some new States
have been admitted into the Union;, and. instead
of there being two hundred and thirty-three jlepr
'resentatives m. the House of Representatives,-as
there were at that time, there are two hundredand
thirty-eight. I wish to make the_numbci\by -which
the population of the United States shall be di-
vided, so as to get the ratio of representation
divisible by the present number of Kepresenta-
tives in the House of Representatives, two hun-
dred and thirty-eight, instead of two hundred and
thirty-three; and I will state frankly to the Senate
why I do so. I have presented to them one con-
sideration ; and I have stated that is the present
number of the House of Representatives. I do
not want to reduce them; and if that ratio be
adopted, it will have the effect of allowing several
States in the Union, which otherwise would lose
one member, to retain that member. There are
two hundred and thirty-eight members in the
House.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he gains one for Maryland, and whether
we have got to lose.one in Vermont?
Mr. PEARCE. No; you willnot lose any by
the operation of my amendment. I will tell the
Senator frankly what States will save a member
by it; New York will save one, Maryland one,
South Carolina one 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
if the Senator will allow me, I do not think the
rule ought always to be to suit the strong and
prostrate the weak. If any change in the old law
be made, as applied to the strong,and it certainly
would not otherwise be made 
Mr. PEARCE. If my friend will allow me, I
did not yield the floor; I have not finished my
remarks.
This proposition will prevent the State of Now
York losing one member, Maryland losing o ie,
South Carolina losing one, and Kentucky losing
one. I forget the other State; there are five.
Willi this explanation, I send the amendment to
the Chair, and ask that it be read.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Senator if
any States will lose one by that proposition ?
Mr. PEARCE. It does not occasion any single
State to lose one; but it includes States with large-'
fractions. My own State would gain one Rep-
resentative. We have a fraction of over sixty
thousand.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
the following as a new section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That instead of using the num-
ber two hundred and thiity-tbree, winch is prescribed by
tiie twenty-fii til section ot' the "Act providing lor the taking
of the seventh and subsequent censuses of the United
Slates, and to fix the number of the members of the House
of Representatives, and to provide for then- future appor-
tionment among the, seveial States," as a divisor by which
to deteimine the raiioof representation of each State 111 the
Congress of the United States, a number coriespondmg Willi
and equal to the number of Representatives from the sev-
eral States composing the House of Representatives at the
time of deelai tug the appoitionment, shall hereafter be used
as the diVi-or by which the ratio of representation shall be
deteimmed: and that the loss in the number of members
caused by the fractions remaining in the several States on
the division of the population theieof, shall bo compensated
foi by assigning to so many States having the largest trac-
tions, one additional member each for its traction, as may
be neeessaiy to make the whole nunibei of Representatives
equal to the number composing the House of Representa-
tives of the United States at the time of the apportionment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say, in
regard to this amendment—and I think it is enti-
tled to the consideration of Senators—that there is
a rule upon the subject, which has been acted upon
for some considerable time, arranging the repre-
sentation of the different States in the House nf
Representatives. That rule, if adhered to, as it
was first introduced by Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, in
the House of Representatives, is fan- and just. It
lias been adhered to hitherto; butnow, when it is
found, in the actionof that rule—although framed
for the benefit of the heavier and stronger States,
as I have thought; but I will not throw an impu-
tation against him on that point—when it is found
that it will fall now, whether it did then 01- not,
against, the heavier and stronger States, we are
asked to change the rule, so as to give the frac-
tions against the weaker States. I think such a
proposition is not consistent with the sense of jus-
tice, either of this or the other side of the Cham-
ber. That is what I do not like; and for one, rep-
