1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
228
Affairs. They believed the roads provided for
were necessary to be completed; and I should be
glad to have action on the bill. 1 am sure it can
be disposed of within the morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I in quire whether the un-
finished business of the morning hour does not
come up this morning?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Chair is not apprised that all the
memorials and reports have been presented by
Senators; butafter that, the first business in order
will be the resolution to which the Senator from
Illinois refers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask that that be
taken up.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion, however, is on the motion of the Senator
from Oregon. I suppose he moves to postpone
the further consideration of that resolution, and
all previous orders, until the hour of one o'clock,
and to proceed to the consideration of the bill
named by him.
Mr. LANE. That is my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order; and it is competent for the Senate to
so determine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly hope that will
not be done; and I apprehend that, if the Senate
understand the character of the motion, it will not
be done. Here is a motion to take up a bill which
will lead certainly to some discussion, which has
not been considered of late, however much atten-
tion may have been given to it at the last session,
and to supersede all other orders for the purpose
of taking it up, and especially to supersede that
order upon which the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Baker] has the floor. I think it would bo unjust
to him; and I trust the Senate will not adopt the
motion of the other Senator from Oregon.
Mr. LANE. I have not the slightest desire to
interfere with the Senator from Oregon. My de-
sire is to get action this morning on this bill. It
is regarded as necessary for the public interest,
for the transportation of troops and supplies. As
I said before, the bill was well and thoioughly
considered by the Committee on Military Affairs
at the last session, and reported with a recom-
mendation that it pass. Now, I think, if the Sen-
ator from Illinois will allow,the bill to come up,
it will consume no time; but we can have a vote,
and pass it right through the Senate. I look upon
it as necessary for the public good; and therefore
I ask for action upon it. But I assure the Sen-
ator that, if any discussion arises, if it shall ap~
Eear that it will be in the way at all of any other
usiness,or of the privilege of any Senator, I will j
agree that it shall be laid over. J
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Oregon that his colleague has the
floor now, and lie is inteiposing this bill m the
way of his right. The resolution upon which he
has the floor is the matter in order at this time.
Now, the Senator proposes to come in and re-
move that out of the way, and take up another
bill. He proposes,as I understand him, to post-
pone the very question upon which his colleague
has the floor and is entitled to speak, for the pur-
pose of introducing a bill here which manifestly
cannot be passed between this and one o'clock.
If the Senator insists upon it, I must call for the
reading of this bill, that the Senate may see what
it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If my colleague will give
way for a moment, I think I can adjust this mat-
ter. 1 supposed that I had the floor for to-day,
according to an arrangement made on Monday.
When, however, the Senator from Louisiana j
closed his speech, the Senator from Oregon [Mr. j
Baker] took the floor, and he has come into the !
Senate to speak to-day. It is very evident that j
the two speeches cannot be delivered on one day; j
and as he goes on in the morning hour, I have |
said to him that I would waive my right to the [
floor to-day at one o'clock, provided 1 c.ould have j
it to-morrow, in order to avoid stopping him in :
the middle of ins -peech, or beginning a speech !
myself this afternoon and running it into to-mor- j
row, as I should not be able to get through after j
he has concluded to-day. If this arrangement be I
made, I presume the Senator from Oregon [Mr. j
Lave] can pass his bill, and the other Senator j
fiotn Oregon [Mr. Bakek] can occupy the floor j
for to-day; and this will be harmonious all around, i
Mr. GWIN. I must object to that. I do not i
want to interfere with this discussion at all; but
there is a question in which my constituents, at
least, have a deeper interest than in any other
before Congress—a bill which is the special order
for one o'clock to-day. I nad expected to give
way to-day to the Senator from Illinois; for, as
we have all seen, he has been trying for some
weeks to get the floor, and I thought n was due
to him that I should not press the question so far
as he was concerned. I do not want to interfere
with this discussion that is going on in tho Sen-
ate; but I feel it my duty to call up at one o'clock
the special order, which is the Pacific railroad bill.
I shall greatly regret if, by doing so, I interfere
with any gentleman who wishes to address the
Senate; but 1 am anxious to get action on this
question. -It is well understood by the Senate,
by every membei, as well by those who are for
the measure as those who aie against it; and in-
asmuch as I believe no railroad bill can pass,ex-
cept the one that came to us from the House, it
seems to me that a very short time will enable us
to dispose of that question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to ask the Sena-
tor from California, whether the bill; as passed
by flie House, lias been printed by the Senate?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; it has been printed for
ten days. I must insist on the special order.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I did not quite
hear what the honorable Senator from California
said upon the subject of the Pacific railroad bill,
which I understand to be the special order for to-
day at one o'clock; but, coming from the Pacific
coast, I feel it my duty to say, promptly and de-
cidedly, that I cannot feel for ail instant that any
word of mine for the Union and the perpetuity of
free government on this continent can compare
in importance or value with the Pacific railroad
bill, which, in my judgment, is an act tending to
make perpetual the Union of these States. There-
fore I will, following the lend of the honorable
Senator from California, yield any pretension that
I may have to* the floor now, at one o'clock, at
any time, or, if (peed be, forever, that that bill may
pass.
Mr. L/YNE. Then, Mr. President, there can
be no objection to taking up this little bill. I only
want it up in the morning hour. I do not want
to interfere with any special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to ha\eany
conflicting claim again with my friend from Ore-
gon, for the floor to-morrow. If he waives to-day,
I wish to know which of us will be entitled to
the floor to-morrow. I have felt compelled to
give way to him to-day, under the circumstances,
but I do not want to adjourn it over, and have
another conflict with him to-morrow.
Mr. BAKER. Gluite unused to the courtesies
of the Senate, and quite willing to submit to its
habit, I feel myself entiiely unable to discuss
these questions of precedence or regularity, and
I profess myself totally indifferent at what time
I speak, or when I speak, or .really whether I
speak at all. I will give way to the Senator from
Illinois, or to the Senator from California, or to
the Pacific railroad bill. I submit myself entirely
to the courtesy and justice of the Senate. [" Go
on now."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] should be satisfied that he is
metely wasting time by persisting in this attempt
to get up a bill,and exclude his colleague from the
floor. This is the firstinstance since I have been
in the Senate, where a momber of the Senate upon
either side has had the floor and was ready to
proceed, that any member has persisted in bring-
ing up a bill to take the floor from him. The
Senator from Oregon must sec that he cannot pass
this bill in the morning hour,and he is but wast-
ing the time of the Senate. Although his col-
league seems entirely willing to waive his rights,
the rest of the Senate and the country have some
interest in what he has to say We want the
benefit of it. We understand that he is to speak
for the Constitution and the Union, which are
above all price, and which are to be maintained
at all hazards. Sir, we have an interest in hear-
ing him. The country wants to hear from him
from the Pacific slope, and to kn6w the feeling of
that people. This persistent effort to bring up a
bill to construct a road, in order to crowd him out .
of his right to the floor, is a very unusual thing
hero. I trust that the Senate will not allow it to
be done.
Mr. LANE. The Senator from Illinois cer-
tainly consumes the time of the Senate himself,
not I. I understood that the business upon which
the Senator from Oregon, would speak Would be
in ordep at one o'clock, and I asked the Senate "to
take up this bill and consider it beforeone o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President  
Mr. LANE. I beg theSenator's pardon; I do
not want to be interrupted. I only want to say
now, for all time, that I do not desire to interfere
with the time of the Senator from Oregon. Upon
the contrary, I want him to have the floor and to
speak whenever his time comes, and would rather
hear him than have the railroad bill considered
to-day—very much rather. If it is not agreeable
to Senators to take up this bill this morning, let
it lie over. I am willing that it shall lie over;
and, when I move again in the morning hour to
take it up, I hope no Senator will get up and say
that I desire to consume the time of the Senate.
Sir, I have not consumed the time of the Senate.
I merely asked the body to take up the bill and
consider it. It ought to be considered, and ought
to be passed, in my judgment; but if the Senate
do not want it to come up, let it lie, and let no
Senator charge me with trying to interfere with
the Senator from Oregon, or prevent him having
a full opportunity to speak. I will vote that the
railroad bill shall be postponed until to-morrow,
so that he shall have this day, and I will not in-
terfere. It was notrny wish, it was not my pur-
pose, to interfere. Or I would like to sec the rail-
road bill, if you please, laid over until Monday,
and let it be made the special order for that day,
and then give to-day to the Senator from Oregon,
and to-morrow to the Senator from Illinois. I
desire to hear both these Senators; the country
desires to hear them. I hope no Senator will
charge me with a disposition to prevent anybody
from speaking; because it is not so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion?
Mr. LANE. Why, sir, if the Senator from
Oregon will go on now, and the business on which
he has the floor can be taken up now, let it be so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Oregon
has been laboring under a misapprehension all
the time, I see. His colleague is entitled to the
floor; that matter is up now, at this time; and if
he had understood that, I am sure he would not
have interposed his bill. I see his misapprehen-
sion .
Mr. LANE. If I had known that, I should
not have moved to take up this bill at all. I sup-
posed that business came up at one o'clock. I
therefore withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first busi-
ness in order is the joint resolution <^S. No. 48)
introduced by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] proposing amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, upon which the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Baker] is entitled to the
floor.
RAILROAD TO TUK PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Oregon will
permit me to interpose a motion. He evidently
cannot get through his speech by one o'clock,
and I am very reluctant to interfere with him in
giving his views on the important question which
he will discuss to-day. I do not want, however,
to evade my duty as a Senator from California,
which is to press,at all proper times, the railroad
question. Therefore, I will move to make it the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock, with
the hope that the friends of the measure will bring
it upth"n,and not interfere with the Senator's
speech to-day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am crowded out to-day,
and I shall want to-morrow. Say Monday.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to my col-
league, to avoid all difficulty, to make his motion
for Saturday. To-morrow the Senator from Illi-
nois will be entitled to the floor, and he will con-
sume the whole day. The next day is a day on
which the Senate will not sit. But on Saturday
we can meet; and I think that every Senator, by
common consent, will agree to give us a hearing
on the railroad bill then, and pass it, or dispose
of it in some way finally.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing thatitshall be made
the special order for one o'clock on Saturday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard that as the §ense of the Senate, unless
objected to.
