THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D, C. '
V
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up 
Mr. POWELL. Was there a quorum voting
on the passage of the bill? ["Oh, yes!"] I
think not.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up the Colorado
bill, which lies upon the desk of the President.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest that there was not
a quorum voting on the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thirty-four
Senators voted.
Mr. POWELL. That is just half the number
of Senators. There are thirty-four States.
Mr. PEARCE. The other State has not sent
Senators here yet.
TIIE TARIFF.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to all the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 338) to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes, with
the exception of the tenth amendment of the Sen-
ate; and had agreed to the said tenth amendment
with an amendment.
Also, that the House insists upon its amend-
ment to the said tenth amendment of the Senate
to the bill, asks a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Johw Sherman of Ohio, Mr. Joiin
S. Phelps of Missouri, and Air. James K. Moou-
nlad of Pennsylvania, manageis at the Same on
the part of the House.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in answer to resolutions of
the Senate, of the 17th and 18th of Febiuary,
1858, a report of the Secretary of State, with the
documents accompanying it, on the subject of the
Aves Island; winch, on motion of Mr. Foster,
was ordered to he on the table,and be printed.
TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up the bill to
provide a territorial organization for the Territory
of Coloiado, for the purpose of making it the
special order for to-morrow, at twelve o'clock;
and I give notice I shall then bring up the bill for
the organization of Dakota. I understand it is
the desire of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, at one o'clock, to take up an appropri-
ation hill. I think I enn get through with these
tenitonal bills in half an hour. I want to send
them to the House of Representatives to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take them up at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. WADE. Why not take them up now?
Mr. GRE EN. I am willing to take them up now,
or I am willing to take them up at half past eleven
o'clock to-morrow. I will say half past eleven
o 'clock to-morrow, if there be no objection. ["No
objection!"] Then I move that the bill for the
organization of a territorial government for the
Territory of Colorado be taken up, and made the
special order for to-morrow at half past eleven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the further con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 36G) to provide for a
temporary government for the Territory of Colo-
rado was postponed to and made the order of the
day for to-morrow at half past eleven o'clock.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to offer a resolution;
and ask its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate take a recess daily, on and
aftei tlie26t!) ot Februaiy,tiom tive o'clock, p. in., to seven
o'clock, p. m., unul Congies* adjourns.
Mr. PEARCE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Objection being made, the resolution
cannot be considered to-day.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. Now, I move to take up the
bill makin"- appropriations for the support of the
Army, for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1861.
18(52, that it may be the unfinished business for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 899) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862.
MASTER WORKMEN OP NAYY-YARDS.
Mr. HALE. I introduced a resolution of in-
quiry, a little while ago, but the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. J ohnson] objected. He has with-
drawn his objection, and consented that the reso-
lution should pass. It is simply a resolution of
inquiry. I hope it will be considered now.
There being no objection, the following resolu-
tion was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to mf'oiirt the Senate if tile pay of the master workmen at
the several navy-yards, or any of them, has been raised
lrom the pel diem compensation to an annual nalary; and,
if so, when was it done; how many master woikmen at
each yaid have titus been raised ; what was the necessity
oftiie change: and by wliat authority of what law was tiie
change made.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I rise for the
purpose of inquiring what has become of the res-
olutions introduced by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] which provide for a
settlement of the questions involved in the present
crisis, which were to have been taken up to-day at
one o'clock ? 1 understand that subject was post-
poned until one o'clock to-day, and I should like
to know what has become of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Tennessee that the un-
finished business of yesterday—which was the
appropriation bill just now disposed of—having
priority, crowded that out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I simply want
to know when that proposition will come up again.
Is it subject to the call of a Senator, or does it lie
over indefinitely ? Wliat has become of it ? I feel
anxious to know how that question has been
disposed of.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator yield to me a
moment5
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Tennessee that it goes
over, but it can be taken up on motion, as any
other business.
EXTRADITION CASE.
Mr. GREEN. I offered a resolution of inquiry,
winch was objected to under a mistake, with ref-
erence to the case of Anderson, who was arrested
in Canada. I ask that it be taken up now, and
adopted,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to-night.
Mr. GREEN. There will be no debate upon
it. If theic is, I will let it lie over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will not make any ob-
jection to it, of course.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
f°The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
ad)ourn.
Mr. GREEN. Let this r solution pass.
Several Senators. Read the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois insist on the motion to adjourn ?
Mr. TRUMBULL, Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. How does the
Senator fret the floor to make the motion?
Mr. GREEN. I was on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Tennessee, that he un-
derstood him to make his inquiry, and then, after
that, the Senator from Missouri was recognized,
and made a motion. That motion was put and
carried; and then, pending the question upon the
resolution which was taken up on that motion,
the Senator from Illinois made a motion to
adjourn
New Semes No. 75;
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to this*
resolution. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my motion..
The PRESIDING OFFICEll. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have not heard it read
yet.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the resolution bo read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the. public interest, tt>
communicate to tile Senate a copy of any correspondence
which may have taken place between this Government and
that of her Britannic Majesty, and of ar.y dispatches which
may have been received from the United States minister at
Loudon, relative to the extradition of one Anderson, a man
of color, charged with the commission of the crime of mur-
der in the State of Missouri.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. JQHNSON, of Tennessee. I believe I
have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adjournment.
Mr. FES'SENDEN. I withdraw it, if the Sen-
ator is on the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. All I wish to
say, in conclusion, is, that I hope the resolutions
introduced by the Senator from Kentucky, which
were the last subject under consideration, may be
called up. The public has been advertised, and
notice has been given, that a speech was to be
made, and a reply, and I am in hopes that that
subject will not get the go-by. I feel exceedingly
anxious that the public should be gratified. This
is all I wish to say. I am in hopes that that sub-
ject will bo called up in time.
Mr. FESSENDEN Now, Mr. President, I
renew my motion that tne Senate do now adjourft.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon,
(at five minutes to eight o'clock) the Senate
adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 25, 1861.
The House met at ten o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee of the Whole be discharged from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 501.
Mr. SHERMAN. The understanding was that
we wore to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the tariff this morning
Imove that the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman to give
way to allow me to make a personal explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will do so.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, at the sitting
of the House on the 19th of February, the hon-
orable member from Ohio [Mr. Blake] presented
a resolution of inquiry in reference to some acts
attributed in the body of the resolution to a Sen-
ator from Minnesota. I interposed an objection to
the consideration of the resolution. I did so with-
out any reference to the subject-matter, except so
far as that I observed it proposed an inquiry upon
the part of this House into the conduct of a mem-
ber of the coordinate branch of Congress, which
I considered unconstitutional, unbecoming, and
improper. That was the sole and only reason of
my objection. .My attention has since been called
to the fact that I interposed that objection by the
honorable Senator referred to, and I have been
requested by him to withdraw the objection, and
to say to the honorable member from Ohio, that
whenever he shall see fit to bring up the subject
a°-am, it will, at all events, encounter no objec-
tion from the same source; and in doing this, I
have not changed my original position as to the
impropriety of the introduction of such subjects
here.
Mr. BLAKE. I desire to say a single word in-
