THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
r
le
reply tt) the gentleman from New York. In intro-
ducing that resolution I had no intention of cast-
ing any'imputation upon the honorable Senator
t€> whom he refers. I found, on examination, that
that gentleman had a claim of $24,300, which had
been paid from the Winnebago annuity fund with-
out passing through the hands of the accounting
officers of the Treasury. I designated it in the
resolution as the claim of the assignee of Hon.
Henry M. Rice, because I knew no other way of
designating it. I did not say that Mr. Rice had
«tty connection with the matter whatever. 1 never
thought of casting any imputation upon him; but
I simply wished to inquire into the facts inregard
to the abstraction of the sum of $24,300 from the
annuities of the Winnebagoes, and the payment of
it to a gentleman in the city of Washington with-
out the claim passing the accounting officers of the
Treasury.
Mr. SICKLES. I am very glad to hear from
the gentleman from Ohio that he did not intend to
cast any imputation upon the Senator from Min-
nesota. I will si-mply observe, in reference to the
subject-matter of the resolution, that, having made
some inquiry into it myself, I have only to say to
the gentleman that, on inquiry at the proper De-
partment,he could, in five minutes, have obtained
all the. information he desired.
, Mr. BLAKE. I wish to say, in reply to the
gentleman from New York, that I made applica-
tion at the proper Department, and when the re-
sort comes here from that Department, 1 shall beg
eave to be heard in regard to it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say a few words
in regard to this matter. The gentleman from
New York is mistaken. The resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio did not propose an inquiry
by this House. It merely called on the acting
Secretary of the Interior for information as to the
reason why this money was paid over without
going through the hands of the regular accounting
officers. He assured me, soon after the resolution
passed, that he intended no reflection on the Sena-
tor JVom Minnesota. I am assured by the Sena-
tor that he knows nothing of this transaction*,
that this claim against the Government^ or the
Winnebago Indians, waf assigned by him ten
years ago. He was not aware that the money
had been paid over. He stated that it was of no
benefit or interest to him, directly or indirectly.
For the information of my friend from Ohio,
and of other gentlemen here, I will state that I
have called nt the Indian bureau, and made in-
quiries in regaid to this matter, and have been
informed by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
that money is repeatedly paid out in the same
way as this has been paid out. When the vouch-
ers are receited, they are submitted to the Second
Auditor and acted on by him. This is done every
day by the different Departments. This money
does not come out of the Treasury of the United
States, but out of the Indian trust fund—out of
money which the Government owes to the Win-
nebago Indians—to pay a debt due by those In-
dians to the assignees of this claim
Mr. Greenwood, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, also informed mc that Senator Rice,
through a fake delicacy, (as the Commissioner
termed it,) has never mentioned the subject of
this claim to either the Secretary of the Interior
or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, since he
has been a member of either branch of Congress;
and the Commissioner also informed mc that he
had never, until very recently, given any atten-
tion to or investigated this claim; that he had
lately given it a thorough examination, and satis-
fled himself that it is a just and honest claim.
Mr. SICKLES. I am glad that satisfactory
explanation has been elicited.
CHITTENDEN" COMPROMISE.
■Mr. KILLINGrER. I ask leave to present the
memorial of two hundred and seventy-two citizens
of Lebanon county, Pennsylvania, praying the
adoption of the Crittenden compromise, or some
other conciliatory measure. I ask that it be laid
on the table.
It was so ordered.
SUPERINTENDENT OF NATIONAI, OBSERVATORY.
Mr. HATTON. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That so much of
the aet'entuled "An act"to increase and regulate the pay
of the Navy of the Uuited States," approved 1st of June,
1860, as relates to the pay of the present Superintendent of
the National Observatory, be so construed as to place that
officer on the same footing in respect to the amount of pay
only, with the chiefs of buieaus in the Navy Department.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The tariff bill has
to go out of committee at one o'clock; and we are
now losing the time which should be devoted to
it. I must object.
Mr. HATTON. I hope the gentleman will not
object.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Colfax in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Senate amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 338) to provide for the payment of
outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes; the question being on the eighth
amendment of the Senate, to strike out the fol-
lowing section:
" Sfc. 4 -Mnd be it further enacted, That the faith of the
United States is hereby pledged for the due paymentof the
inteiestand the redemption ol the principal of said stock."
To which Mr. Phelps had offered r pro forma
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment. I want no vote upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Section five, line two, strike out the word1? 11 October
next," and Insert m lieu thereof the words " April, 1861
so as to levy the new duties on the 1st of April, 1861.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting the words "July, 1861."
That will be the first day of the ensuing fiscal
year; and I think that that is the proper time for
it. I have no argument to make on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri. If the levy-
ing of those new duties is to be postponed till the
1st of July, we might as well postpone it for a
whole year; for not only will the importations for
the spring trade be made before July, but so also
will the importations for the fall and winter trade.
I therefore hope the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri will not be agieed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Section five, line nine, &e., stuke out the following t
"On raw sugai, commonly called Muscovado or biown
sugar, not advanced beyond its raw state by claying, boil-
ing, clarifying, or othci process, i cent per pound; onsnup
of sugar, or of sugar cane, and concentrated molasses, or
concentiated melado,1 cent per pound on white and clayed
s>ugai^ when advanced beyond the raw state, not above
number twelve, Dutch standard, by claying, boiling, clari-
fy mir, or othei pioeess,and not yet refined, 1'cent per pound;
advanced above number twelve, Dutch standard, and not
yet refined, cent per pound ; on refined sugais, whether
loaf, lump, euished, or pulverized, cents per pound ; on
sugat*, alter being refined, when th(\v have been unetuted,
coioied, or in any way aduKoiated,*and on sugar candy, f>
cents pei pound ; on confectionary of all kinds, not other-
wise provided for, 3D per centum ad, valorem; on molasses,
4 centx pei gallon • Provided, That all simps of sugar, oi
of sngai cane, concentiated molasses, or concentrated me-
lado, entered under the denomination of molasses, or any
other appellation than sirup of sugar or of sugar cane, con-
centrated molasses, or concentrated melado, shall be liable
to loifeitmeto the United States: P>ovidcd, That an in-
spection, tinder such regulations as tlie Secretary of the
Treasury may presciibe, shall be madeot'allsugarsandmo-
lasses unpolled from foreign countiies, in order to prevent
fiaud*. and the ltitioduction of sugai^, smipof sugar, smtp
of cane, concentiated molasses, or concentrated melado,
or bottling siiup, under the title of molasses, or in any other
manner;"' and inseit, in lieu thereof, the following:
On raw sugar, commonly culled Miweovado oi brown
sugar, not advanced beyond the law state by claying or other
pioce^s; and on snup'of sugar or of sugar cane, and con-
centrated molasses oi concentrated melado, and on white
and claved sugars, u hen advanced beyond the raw state
by claying or other process, and not refined, $ cent per
pound ; on refined sugais, whethet loaf, lump, crushed, or
pulverized, Q rent" per pound : on sngars,'atter being refined,
when they aie tinctured, colored, or in any way adulterated,
and on sugar candy, 4cents per pound: Provided, That aii
snups of sugar or of sugar cane, concentiated molasses or
melado, entered under the name of molasses, oi any other
name than siiup of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated
molasses or concentiated melado, shall be liable to for-
feiture to the United States; on molasses, 2 cents pei gal-
lon ; on confectionary of all kinds not otherwise provided
for, iJO per centum «/? valorem.
Second. On coffee, cent per pound; on tea, when
imported from any port or place beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, 4 cents per pound; when imported from any point or
place this side of the Cape ot Good Hope, other than in the
eountiy where produced, 4 cents per pound, and an addi-
tion thereto of 10 per centum ad valorem : Provided, That
whenever the Treasury notes and bonds of the United
States, which have been, or shall be, issued, under the au-
thoiity of any laws, or parts of laws, passed between the
4th day of March, 1857, and the 4tli day of March, 1861, shall
be redeemed and paid, the President of the United States
is hereby authorized to make proclamation that the afore-
said articles of tea and coffee may be imported into the Uni-
ted States, exempt and free from the specific duties herein
imposed: Provided, That the duties on tea andcoffee here-
by imposed shall cease from and after the 30ch of June,
1863.
Mr. QJJARLES. I move to strike out all that
portion of the tenth amendment of the Senate,
now under consideration, which places a tax on
tea and coffee, from line fifty-three to line seventy,
inclusive, of the printed bill and amendment; and
I do hope that the committee wiii not concur in
this amendment of the Senate. Tea and coffee,
sir,are, from their universal use, articles of prime
and actual necessity, every class of society in
every section of our country, the high and the low,
the rich and the poor, are in a great degree de-
pendent for their comfortable subsistence on these
wholesome and nutritious beverages, and they
should never be the subjects of taxation, unless it
is made actually unavoidable by some overruling
emergency. They have never before been even
proposed to be taxed as a source of revenue, ex-
cept in times of actual war; and I protest, in the
name of my constituents, and in the name of the
whole country, against making them now a sub-
ject of taxation. They should stay, as they now
are, in the free list. Certainly the $109,000,000
now at the disposal of the incoming Administra-
tion is enough to enable them to carry on the Gov-
ernment without taxing every pound of tea and
coffee that may be used in the whole land. I
again earnestly protest against it, and call upon
gentlemen of all parties, and from all sections, to
come to my aid, and assist me in defeating this
unjust and injurious tax upon the very necessa-
ries of life. I cannot, sir, in the live minutes to
which this debate has been limited, go into a more
elaborate discussion of it; but will notify the com-
mittee that I shall call for a separate vote on this
portion of thisaniendmentin the House, and upon
which I hope the House will give me a vote by
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL. I confess, Mr. Chairman,
that to the whole of this Senate amendment I have
very strong objections; and it is only from the
necessity under which the Government lies to raise
more revenue than we shall probably be able to
raise without this tax on tea and coffee, that I
should be willing to consent to it. The importa-
tions for the coming year, tinder any circum-
stances in which the country may be placed, must
be vastly diminished. I should be opposed to this
amendment, because I think it is wrong in prin-
ciple and also on technical grounds—that is to say,
in its description of sugar. In the first place, there
is no possible way by which you can levy a duty
on clayed sugars properly, differing so much as
they do in value, without describing them in the
usual commercial terms well known among mer-
cantile men. This Senate amendment provides
the Same duty on all clayed sugars, while some
arc worth almost as much as loaf sugar, and others
not more than half as much as common Musco-
vado. That is entirely wrong in principle.
There is another reason why I should be op-
posed to this amendment. I think that the reduc-
tion of duty on molasses to 2 cents is too low,
and we need all the revenue we can legitimately
command. The only amendment in regard to
that matter which I would have favored would
have been to admit sour molasses at a less rate
than sweet molasses. Such molasses as is ordi-
narily used for the manufacture of sugar and of
rum, and for nothing else, might be very well
taxed less, when we know that its cost is often
diminished in price very largely m consequence
of its changed condition.
There is another portion of the amendment to
which I do not like to assent, and to which I only
assent in the hope of having some early supple-
mental legislation on the subject. That is in re-
gard to the coffee and tea trade beyond the Cape
of Good Hope. It is well known that some of
our teas have to be transported from Japan to
China in order to be packed. It is unreasonable
