THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
?J>ortS, according to the universal laws of trade,
' which would replenish our exhausted Treasury.
Now, for the other distinguished political econ-
omist from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] who pre-
ceded the last one, and who threw out the fling
that this bill was emasculated in the Senate by
New York politicians and New York merchants.
He and his party are responsible for all the New
York politicians in the Senate, and I leave it to
others;to defend them when he assails. But when
he .assails the New Yort merchants, and talks
. atjou.t public credit, I tell him that it is the New
York merchants who are now sustaining the credit
„of the Government. It is New York capitalists
oh whom he will have to rely to get the means
which his party is driving out of the Treasury by-
its protective policy, and which he desires to avail
himself of in the loan provision in this bill. Of
the $15,000,000 bid last Saturday for the $8,000,000
loan, more than $13,500,000 emanated from the
patriotism of New York merchants. In the pres-
ence of such a fact, I submit it to the good taste
of the gentleman whether, when that body of men
are referred to in discussions on this floor, it should
not be in respectful terms? The gentleman from
Pennsylvania talks about credit and patriotism;
and wnat does he do ? It was only the other day
that the gentleman repudiated all compromises to
save the union*, and now he tells ufe to-day that
jhe is ready to make a compromise to save this
"tariff bill. He denounces, as a violation of prin-
ciple, a tax on tea and coffee; but he will swallow
it, and will sacrifice his convictions on the subject.
He will compromise them in order to protect a
particular interest which he has in view; but he
will make no compromise to save the Union itself
from dismemberment. I tell the gentleman that,
in the policy which he is pursuing, he is pressing
on this House a disunion measure. A protective
tariff,under existing circumstanccs, is a disunion
measure. It does as much as anything else to
alienate the South from the Union. We all know
that one of the questions that lie at the root of the
alienation between North and South is the pro-
tective policy of the North and the free-trade pol-
icy of the South. We know that our southern
friends perceive that, now that you have obtained
power, you intend to use it, not only to assault
their rights of property, but to tax them on the
necessaries of life m order to enrich the manufac-
turing classes of the North, on whom you intend
to rely for assistance.
[Here the hammer foil. j
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the words " 4 cents," and
inserting nothing. The committee is urged to vote
forthisamendmentofthe Senate for three reasons.
The first reason is, that it is dangerous to disa-
gree with the Senate on these amendments, and
to let the bill go back there. Now, I wish the
committee to understand that, if there is any force
in this argument, it means that we must swallow
all the amendments of the Senate, and take the
bill just as the Senate propose to dictate to us. I,
for one, cannot do that. I cannot surrender my
judgmentand convictions of whatisproperm this
hill for any such consideration as that.
The next reason is, that the necessities of the
Treasury demand this extraordinary tax on one
of the necessaries of life. If that be a good rea-
son, let us go back to the tariff of 1846; for no
other tariff yielded an amount of levenue «'cjual to
what was yielded by that tariff; because it dis-
criminated against the labor of the country, and
was imposed on a rule as to what would yield the
most revenue. If we are to have a revenue, let
us have it; but let us not lay taxes on these neces-
saries of life.
The next argument in favor of this tax is that
made by thegcntlcman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
bill] andthegentleman from Pennsyl vania, [Mr.
Grow,] that, after all, this is no tax in the aggre-
gate; because, whatever burden we impose on the
necessaries of life, in this shape, is compensated
for by a reduction of the tax on sugar and salt,
and the like. I ask the gentleman from Vermont
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania how if is,
then, that we relieve the Treasury by this means?
I understand the meaning of the word " compen-
sate" to be to give an equivalent; and if we take !
off an equivalent in one place and put it on in
another, I do not see how we thereby relieve the
Treasury one iota. I am for relieving the Treas-
ury by direct taxation, rather than by imposing
this burden upon those who are least able to
bear it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKENTY obtained the floor.
Mr.PHELPS. I believeit was the understand-
ing that, after ten minutes, the vote should be
taken upon theamendmentof the Senate, with the
understanding that the yeas and nays should be
called upon it in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that,
no objection being made, he recognized the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McKENTY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to my proceeding.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will have the opportunity of saying what
he has to say upon another amendment. I think
that the agreement which has been made should
be carried out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
the committee, by general consent, agreed that the
vote should be taken upon the pending amend-
ment of the Senate in ten minutes. That time has
expired. The Chair recognized the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McKenty] because, if
no objection was made, another speech would be
in order upon the pending amendment. The gen-
tleman will proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better carry
out the understanding made by the committee.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania will have an-
other opportunity of submitting his remarks.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to my col-
league that, if he wants to speak upon this amend-
ment, he can do so even after it has been adopted.
Mr. McKENTY. I trust there will be no ob-
jection to my calling the attention of the com-
mittee, for two or three minutes, to the remarks of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sickles,]
in regard to the policy of the political parties of
the day in reference to Pennsylvania. I desire to
say to him, that the free-trade policy of Mr. Sec-
retary Cobb was the cause, and the principal cause,
of the late election in Pennsylvania going against
the party of which he and 1 are members. The
gentleman from New York knows that all the in-
dustrial interests of Pennsylvania have for years
been suffering severely under the tariff policy
which has been carried out in the country, and
the consequence has been that many men, in my
State, were persuaded, though falsely so, (for
thine are as many free-trade men in the Repub-
lican as in the Democratic party,) that a change
of Administration would better their condition.
Now, sir, we alt know that, if Pennsylvania had
been saved to the Democratic party, in the last
election, the country would have been saved from
the difficulties which now surround it. It is a fact
known to every gentleman who is at all acquaint-
ed with the condition of things in Pennsylvania,
that, if a pioportanfl'pulicy had been earned out,
Pennsylvania would nave been so saved. I say,
therefore, that it is unjust for the gentleman from
New York to say that a tariff policy, such as that
contained in this bill, is a cause for the disunion
movement, that it is a disunion movement. I have
deemed it my duty to call the attention of the
committee to this point in the gentleman's te-
marks.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. No Anther debate is in
order.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate; and being taken, the
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ClUARLES. I hope it is understood that
we arc to have a vote by yeas and nays upon this
amendment in the House.
Several Members. Certainly.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 6, line four, strike out as follows: " On Madeira,
sherry, and port wines in cask's or bottler. 7o cents per gal-
lon ; on champagne ami spaikhng wines. Burgundy and
lioek, in bottles,■SIpergallon; incaslts.50centspergaliou;
on ciarof, MaiseilU's/iViieriilb, Sicily, Canaiy, and Malaga
wine*, in casks or bottled, 30 cent* per gallon; on ail other
wines not enumerated, 30 pn centum ad valorem
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Chairman, I move, pro
forma, to amend the section, by striking out
twenty," and inserting " ten."
Any attempt, sir, to discuss the details of this
bill, is plainly out of the question. Viewed as a
whole, one is struck with the retrogression, m
political philosophy, which the measure marks
in the policy of the country. Sir, at the moment
when the principle of unrestricted commerce is
claiming and commanding universal recognition;
when the rule of the despot is relaxing under its
genial influence, and the remotest recesses of bar-
barism are penetrated by its all-pervading light;
when France is beginning to adopt the system of
free trade, and the ports of China and Japan are
thrown open to the commerce of the world—at
this particular moment, the Government of the
United States, pretending to lead the van of prog-
ress and civilization, especially in the arts of lib-
eral administration, recedes from its advanced
position, and relapses into the darkness of selfish
seclusion and exploded theory. Sir, it is an an-
achronism—a contradiction in ideas which shocks
all our notions of propriety. Is the American
mind benighted ? On the contrary, nowhere are
the true principles of political economy taught
with more freedom and effect than in the United
States. The dogmatic school of Carey is the soli-
tary dark point in the blaze of general enlight-
enment. What, then, is the cause of this sur-
prising renunciation of our liberal policy? Of
what is this bill the product? Not of research
and reflection, notof statesmanship and the en-
larged spirit of the age; but it is the monstrous
offspring of a conjunction betwixt greed of gain
and political ambition. The importunate protec-
tionists of Pennsylvania, more clamorous and
insatiable than the daughter of the horse-leech,
after higgling successively with every party for a
stipend from thcTreasury,atlast caught the Re-
publicans in a moment of exigent need, and from
their lust for place, extorted the promise of a
bounty to iron. This bill is the issue of a carnal
coalition between the Abolitionists of New Eng-
land and the protectionists of Pennsylvania. It
is the result of a compact, whereby, at the ex-
pense of the public interest, Pennsylvania engaged
to support an Abolitionist for the Presidency on
the condition that the Abolitionists would repay
Pennsylvania by the protection of iron.
Mr. DAWES. I want to tell the gentleman
from Virginia that the Abolitionists of New Eng-
land are all free-trade men.
Mr. PRYOR. 1 have no objection to an m-
tenuption, if I am allowed time to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be
confined to five minutes.
Mr. PRYOR. Then I do not yield.
Mr. DAWES. I merely wanted to say that tho
Abolitionists are all free-trade men; and they are
all disumouists, too.
Mr. PRYOR,. I have said that I will not be
interrupted.
Mr. JUNKIN. I think it is the right of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to declare what
his own principles are.
Mi. DAWES. I have the right, I apprehend,
to declaie what is the truth in reference to New
England.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr, Chairman, notwithstand-
ing the unwarrantable interruptions of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, 1 again dcclare that
this tariff is the result of a compact between the
Abolitionists of New England and the protection-
ists of Pennsylvania, whereby the protectionists
of Pennsylvania agreed to vote for an Abohtomst
for the Presidency m consideration of an engage-
ment that the Abolitionists would concede a bounty
to iron.
Mr. McKENTY. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia 
Mr. PRYOR. No,sir; I cannot yield. "The
galled jade winces;" but she must repress her
irascibility till I conclude my remarks. ' [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. Chairman, we on this side the House may
lament our inability to prevent the passage of this
bill; but, among other circumstances of consola-
tion, as fiiends of good faith and fair dealing, we
are indemnified by the reflection that Pennsylva-
nia is not chcated of her price, but is at last re-
warded for that utter abnegation of self and that
disinterested devotion to principle which have so
conspicuously characterized herpohtical conduct.
[Laughter.]
