1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fore, on adjourning, is a question really between
adjourning and going into executive session, and
not with reference to that; and if we vote against
adjournment, it is simply with a view to go into
executive session, and not with reference to that
question. Let that be understood.
Mr. KING. As I made the motion for an exec-
utive session, I desire to state that an important
message has been received from the President.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, resulted—yeas 27, nays
S3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Clingman,
Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatiick, Green, Gwin, Hemphill,
Hunter, lverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mailory, Mason, Nicholson, Polk,
lUce, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson, Toombs, Wigfall, and
Yulee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Dixon, Doohltle, Dnrkee, Fessenden,Foot,Grimes,
Harlan, Kim*, Latham, Powell, Seward, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—23.
So the motion was agreed to-, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January % 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
POST OFFICE ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
bpfore the House a communication from the Post
Otfice Department, transmitting the estimates of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1862; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
NEW MEMBER.
Mr. FRENCH. Hon. StephenCoburk,Rep-
resentative elect from the fifth congressional dts-
ti ict of Maine, in the place of Hon, Israel Wash-
burn , jr., resigned, is now present, and I ask that
he be sworn.
Mr. Coburn thereupon appeared, and qualified
by taking the oath to support the Constitution.
STATE OJT TIIE UNION".
Mr. STRATTON. I desire to present a me-
morial from the city of Newark, in the fifth con-
gressional district of the State of New Jersey—
the district represented by the Speaker of the
House. This memorial relates to the state of the
country. I know many of those whose names
are appended to the memorial, and I know that
they consist of the mostinfluential men of the city
of Newark. I ask that the memorial be read, and
referred to a select committee of five; and on that
motion I call the previous question.
Mr. JONES. The memorial is to be read for
information before it is received.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for informa-
tion only.
Mr. JONES. I want to hear what it is before
I consent to its reception.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
Memorial to Congress for a National Convention.
Whereas the Republic is in danger and the very exist-
ence ot the Federal Government imperiled; and whereas
the people" did ordain and establish " the Constitution"
foi the United States of America, and are bound to pre-
serve, protect, arid defend the same: therefore we, the peo-
ple of ttie State of New Jersey, without regard to past polit-
ical or party attachments, appealing to the patriotism of the
oountry, and calling upon our fel low-citizens throughout the
land to aid and support us by piompt action and with sim-
ilar memorials?, do hereby request Congress to pass a joint
resolution at once, recommending the people of the sev-
eral States, acting through their Governors or Legislatures,
or in such manner as they shall think proper, to hold conven-
tions of the patriotic citizens of the Union on the 22d day
of l'Ybiuarv next, to appoint delegates, equal in number to
their representation in Connies?, to a national convention
at independence Hail, Philadelphia, on the 4th of March
followins, to " promote the general welfare" and to devise
and adopt such measutcs as may tend to restore peace and
harmony, and secure to each State and s>cction of the Union
those light*-, privileges, and immunities, to which they are
justly entitled.
Mi'. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has that
memorial been received?
The SPEAKER.. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. Then I ob-
jeci to its reception. I airs satisfied with the pres-
ent Constitution.
Mi. STRATTON. 1 understand that the me-
morial has been received, and I have moved to
refer it to a special committee of five.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, It was not
received. I waited to hear it read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 liope the
gentleman will allow it to be received; and move
to lay it upon the table
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to the reception of the memorial, but l
object to the proposition of the gentleman who
presents it.
The SPEAKER. The objection is to the ref-
erence to a select committee of five. Is there any
objection to the reception of the memorial?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
lay it upon the tabic.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to its reference to the committee of thir-
ty-three.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well, sir,
as a great many gentlemen around me are anxious
that the memorial shall be referred to the com-
mittee of incubation, I will withdraw my motion
to lay it upon the table. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the withdrawal
of the motion. I want to vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has a right to withdraw his motion.
Mr. K1LGORE. I move that the memorial be
referred to the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. STRATTON. I accept that motion in
lieu of my own.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move, as an
amendment to that, that the memorial be commit-
ted with special instructions to report upon the
proposition specifically.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatmotion
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The memorial has been
referred to the committee of thirty-three, and the
gentleman from New York now moves that it be
with special instructions to report upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Thatmotion
is not in order. It is equivalent to the introduc-
tion of a resolution, and can only be done by
unanimous conscnt.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask if this is
the memorial of the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey'
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it is a memorial
dircctly from the people of the city of Newark,
ill my district, in the State of New Jersey, and
my colleague did me the favor to present it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I thought it was from
the Legislature of the State, and I never knew
the reading of such a memorial to be refused.
The SPEAKER. The memorial has been read,
and the question now is on the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order, that that motion is in the na-
ture of a resolution, and can only be entertained
by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I take it that the
motion to refer to the committee had been re-
ceived. It was then properly before the House,
and in order; and being in order, it was compe-
tent to amend the motion as proposed by my-
self.
Mr. GROW. The House had referred the me-
morial, and therefore it was beyond the reach of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York, that the objection to
the reception of the memorial was waived, with
the understanding that it should be referred gen-
erally to the committoc of thirty-three.
Mr. GROW. The objection was withdrawn
with that understanding.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will not en-
tertain the motion of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. ADRAIN. I beg leave to present to the
House the proceedings of a Union meeting held
at Trenton, New Jersey, on the 11th of last month.
I move that those proceedings be referred to the
committee of thirty-thiee.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN, i call fur the regular order
of busmen
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask
the chairman of the committee of thirty-three, or
any member of that committee who may be pres-
ent, to communicate to the House whether they
are liltely to be able to report soon upon the sub-
jects heretofore referred to them. If the com-
mittee have not yet proceeded far enough in their
deliberations to enable them to report upon the
subjects already referred to tliem, so as to giye
repose to the country, I shall object to referring
any other matters to them.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If debate is not in order, I
object; and call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
CLAIM OF GEORGE FISHER, DECEASED.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of December 18, 1860, and furnish-
ing copies of the decisions of the Secretary of
War relating to the claim of George Fisher, de-
ceased; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STOKES. 1 hold in my hand a resolu-
tion which I desire to have referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee ol Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instructed to r«port to this House a
bill referred to them repealing the act of 1856, regulating
the compensation of members of Congress.
Tlie resolution was referred, without objection,
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPJSRS.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, asked and obtained
leave to withdraw the papers filed before the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to obtain an inva-
lid pension for Benjamin Yates, and have them
referred back to the Pension Office, from whence
they were withdrawn and referred to the com-
mittee.
• Mr. HOARD asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House the petition and
papers of the widow of Dr. Amasa Trowbridge.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingentex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1862.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that, on a
careful comparison of the printed bill with the
enrolled bill, I find that some clerical errors have
been made in printing it. I now offer as an amend-
ment the engrossed bill. There were clerical errors
in the description of statutes in the bill as it was
reported from the Committee of the Wholeon the
state of the Union.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time} and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. There were a number of
amendments of a legislative character made by
the Senate to the post route bil) at the close of
the last session. I desire that anordor be made to
print those amendments, together with an amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, so that gentlemen may
have an opportunity to sec them before they are
called upon to vote.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ENFORCEMENT OF THE LAWS.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of the following res-
olution, introduced on Monday, by Mr. Davis,
of Indiana:
Whereas a convention of delegates, chosen by the
puople ot the State of South Carolina, lately, to wit, on
