ixm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ill the bill a duty, which amounts to a prescriptive
one and averaging 85 per cent., upon an article
which .enters largely into the consumption of the
country—1 mean the article of wood screws.
The consumption of that article is no less than
$4,000,000 a year. Startling as it may seem to the
committee, this bill levies that enormous duty,
and gives a monopoly of the manufacture of that
article to the American Screw Manufacturing
Company, in Providence, Rhode Island. That
company, having a patent for the manufacture of
that article, have been able, by their monopoly
and a vast capital, to crush out all other manufac-
turers of the article in the country, and now have
a complete monopoly within themselves. That
company, which asks this duty at the hands of
Congress, divides 50 per cent, of profits monthly
during the year. The business of the company
is of that magnitude that the stock of the com-
pany, upon which only $40 upon §100 has been
paid; in; has been sold within a few weeks for
$1,600 per share. Aud yet that monopoly comes
here, and asks Congress to put a specific duty
upon the article of wood screws equal to 85 per
cent, on an average. So great was the prejudice
in the select committee of five in the Senate against
the dealers and consumers of this article, that the
chairman of that committee was unwilling to re-
ceive, and refused to receive, the memorials of nine
tenths of the hardware men of the United States
in opposition to this monopoly. The petitions
were sent to me, because I have all my life been
connected with that trade; and I presented them
to the committee of the Senate, and did all in my
power to have this wrong femedied. No regard
whatever was paid by that committee of five to
that great interest. So disrespectfully was the
memorial treated, through me and a delegation
from the city of New York representing the hard-
ware board of trade, that the chairman of that
committee refused to treat mo with the courtesy
of being heard before the committee, in reference
to the memorial emanating from that large and
meritorious class of our citizens.
So far as the action of Congress is concerned,
I do not see that there is now any remedy except
by a supplemental bill. I ask gentlemen how can
they go home and meet the manufacturers of va-
rious articles in their districts, and tell them that
they will be forced to buy this article, which they
all use to a greater or less extent, only by paying
the enormous rate of profits which the company
have put upon it? This company pays $25,000
a year to a company in England, for not sending
their screws to this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. The remarks of the gentle-
mail from Now York have been wholly out of
order, because the subject is not before the House,
the Senate having concurred in that part of the
bill. But as he has stated certain facts, it is proper
that some correct views should be laid before
the Committee of the Whole House. The com-
pany to which the gentleman has referred, has
obtained a patent by which they are enabled to
manufacture screws of a quality far superior to
anything that has ever before been manufactuied,
and at a much reduced cost. It is true, as the
gentleman says, that they are making large profits.
They are entitled to a monopoly, under their pat-
ent, to make a particular kind of screws. The
screw companies of this country have heretofore
entirely failed to accomplish the purposes for
which they were created, and have lost their capi-
tal. None of them succeeded until this new raa-
chinei y was invented. The American people are
now able to purchase a better screw, and at a
lower price, than ever before.
But there is one thing in reference to this com-
pany which does and should meet with strong con-
demnation; and so far as I am concerned, 1 would
unite with gentlemen of any and all parties to put
down this monopoly, unless this company shall
pursue a more liberal course in their trade with
the American people. I will strike bonds with
thegentleman from New York,and with anybody
else, to strip them of all protection.
It is true that the English manufacturcis, using
a similar'machine, by employing pauper labor
merely, arc enabled to compete with the Ameri-
can manufacturers, and might crush them, unless
we gave them some protection. 1 do not know
but that there may be something in this bill
v. Siirh jives a protection to a particular descrip-
tion of screws to the amount of 80 per cent., but
I do not believe there is. The duty may be too
large, but I will say that, under any reasonable
tariff, this company will have a monopoly of the
business. We cannot expect to derive any rev-
enue from the importation of screws; they are not
imported, and cannot be under any reasonable
tariff.
But as the subject is not properly before the
committee, I will say no more upon the subject.
Mr. JENKINS. I would ask the gentleman
if this company at Providence can make screws
cheaper and better than anybody else, why put
a duty upon the article of 85 per cent.?
Mr. MORRILL. I said they manufactured them
better and cheaper than they had ever heretofore
been manufactured.
Mr. JENKINS. That is no reason why they
should be protected.
Mr. BRIGGS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Page 12, line eigtity-seven, strike out "23" anil insert
u 30;" so that the clause shall lead :
Oil all manufactures of iron not otlieiwise provided for,
30 per centum ad vuloncm.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second, thirty-third, thirty-fourth, and
thirty-fifth amendments:
Line thirty-two, stiike out "and valued at above 11 cents
per pound, cents per pound : Provided., That no line
mncty-foui, insert "not otliciwi.se jnovidcd for;" lino
ninety-five, strike out " less than hue two hundred and
two, m«oit "on cross cut saws, 8 cents per hneai footso
that the clause shall read, as follows :
6th. On ail steel m ingots, bars, sheet", or wire, not less
than one fourth of an inch m diameter, valued at 7 cents per
pound, or less, lucent per pound ; valued at above 7 cents
pei pound, and not above 11 cents pei pound, 2 cents per
pound ; steel in any form, not otherwise provided for, shall
pay a duty of 20 per centum ad valorem; on steel wire less
than one fouith of an inch in diameter, and not less than
No. 16 wire gau^o, {$2 per one bundled pounds, and in ad-
dition thereto 15 pei centum ad valorem; less or linei than
No. 16 wire gauge, $2 50 per one hundred pounds, and in
addition theieto 10 per centum ad uilo7eni; on cio&s-cut
saws, 8 cents pt'r lineal foot.
The amendments were concurred in
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Line one hundred aud five, page 13. insert:
On skates eosfm^ 20 cents or less pei pan,6ccnN per
pair; on those costing over 20cents pei pair,30pei centum
ad valorem.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by striking
out "six," and inserting "four." Ill glancing
over this bill, I find that we are taxed upon every
article of winch iron and steel form a part, alia
everybody knows how extensively those articles
are used in all departments of industry. Every
time we have a nail driven into a horse-shoe, we
are taxed; every time we use a wire to ring the
snout of swine, we arc taxed; and every time we
use a cup of tea, that beverage which Cowper
says cheers but not intoxicates, [laughter] 
A Voice. " Cheers but not inebriates."
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is all the same thing. On
all these articles we are taxed. Now, sir, it is
well known that recently the young ladies have
adopted the practice of skating as all amusement,
which is highly promotive of their health. Now,
it does seem to me that while we are taxed upon
all our luxuries, upon all the necessities of life,
and in every department of life and industry, we
ought not to tax the health of the country to sat-
isfy this insatiable pride of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that these skates are mainly used by office-
huldeis.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not want to take up the
time of the committee. I do hope the committee
will refuse to concur in this amendment of the
Senate, and I shall call for a division 011 the ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I do not
undeistand why gentlemen should say upon this
floor that this is a measure of relief for Pennsyl-
vania exclusively, or that we are more interested
in it than the producers of staples 111 other parts
of the counti y. I deny that it is a Pennsylvania
measure exclusively. 1 am advocating this bill
for the benefit of the whole country—the wool
manufacturers of New England, the wool-growers
of the "W est, the hemp-growers of Kentucky, the
iron interests of Pennsylvania; Maryland, south-
ern Ohio.Michigan, Kentucky,and every partof
the country, are interested in the various provis-
ions of this bill. I loolc upon it as a great na-
tional mgfesure. While I am demanding justice
for my own State, I am willing to give itto every
part of the Union. We have no more interest in
it than the other States of this Union, and I am
tired of the cry about Pennsylvania. I say it pro-
tects the leading interests of the country, and the
constituents of the gentleman from Illinois have
as much interest in the bill as mine have. I am
as much opposed to some features of it as the gen-
tleman is. I do not like to impose a duty upon
tea and coffee. I am utterly opposed to the Sen-
ate's rejection of the House measure in relation
to the abolition of the warehousing system; but I
am willing to take the bill, because it will reward
industry and give protection to all the leading
interests of the whole country. I advocate it as
an American, not as a Pennsylvanian.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out " four " and inserting "one."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply want to say, that I
am tired of this everlasting cry abont protecting
the products of the West. I am a producer, and
I know that it does not protect me.
Mr. COX. I am sorry to interrupt any collo-
quy between gentlemen upon the other side of the
House. 1 hope that harmony will be preserved 011
that side of the House, especially on this tariff
bill, which is voted for to-day under the pressure
of the Republican platform.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
he announced some time ago that he intended to
confine the debate to thependingamendment. The
gentleman must discuss the amendment 111 regard
to skates
Mr. COX. The Chair ought to have com-
menced witii some one who has spoken before
me. "Why was it not done in the case of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] who
has just taken his seat ? Why not, in the case of
thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loyejoy:] I
wanted to take up the suggestion thrown out by
the gentleman from Illinois. He said he was tired
of this cry of protecting the products of the West.
I would not have risen here to-day—for I am
hardly fit to be in my seat, on account of ill health—
but that I desire, earnestly, to protest against this
bill hi toto. It is a great fiscal tyranny. It is a
mountainous burden upon the West. That sec-
tion asks for no such protection as is contained
in this bill. At least, that is my humble judgment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
this bill protects the interests of the West. Where
does the West get any protection in this bill? If
it gets a dime it is only to levy $i of tribute m
return. It is a protective measule; that! admit.
That is avowed. What is piotection? We on
this side of the House arc in favor of a revenue
tariff. That is our doctrine. No bounties; no
special advantages; no class legislation. A revenue
tariff may give incidental protection; but the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania who clamor in full cho-
rus for this bill, know that it is direct protection
for protection's sake. In other words, it is a
bounty paid by the consumers of the South and
West to the iron-masters of Pennsylvania and tho
cotton millionaires of New England. That is
what it is, and nothing more. It is only neces-
sary to look into the details of the biil—which no
five minutes' speech will allow—and especially
the section in regard to iron, to see that it is the
worst sort of cool irony to urge that the West
demands any such protection as it pretends to
give. Look at it! Every single object or imple-
ment, fiom a nail to an engine, from a chisel tu u
plow, into which iron cntcis, is hereby taxed. I
will except, perhaps, locomotive iron, which is
lowered somewhat. But anvils, screws, cross-cut
saws, steel of all kinds, mid, therefore, every im-
plement of trade, are raised to a very large per
cent. For what purpose? For the purpose of
putting money in the pockets of a certain class in
Pennsylvania. That is all. Who pays this money ?
Not the people of the West to the West; not the
people of Pennsylvania so much to the people of
Pennsylvania; but the people of the South and the
people of the West are made tributaries to the
iron satraps of Pennsylvania for the purpose of
making up the §60,000,000 to be raised, as is
alleged, by this bill.
The people of Ohio pay one tenfh of this
$60,000,000. It is called revenue; but it is wcli
ascertained that this bill will not give the revenue
which the present tariff gives, it should be culled
