1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
order on that proposition. My point is based on
the decision to which the gentleman from Ohio
has directed attention. That decision is to the
effect that when the rules are suspended to enable
a member to submitaparticular proposition, if he
fails to submit it, another member may do so.
The gentleman from Indiana did not fail to submit
his proposition. He did submit it. Itwasbefore
the House; and he afterwards withdrew it, as he
had a right to do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair adheres to the
opinion which it has already given. There being
no decision on the resolution or on an amend-
ment, the resolution may be withdrawn; and the
resolution having been withdrawn, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] falls with it. The Chair does not
see that the point made by the gentleman from
Ohio has any application to such a case. If an
amendment be fairly before the House, and the
mover of it rises and wishes to withdraw it, then
the rule provides that another gentleman may re-
new it. But if the original resolution be with-
drawn, then the whole matter fails.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand a vote upon the
original resolution, on the precedent which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. QUARLES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio if he has withdrawn his appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not withdrawn it.
Mr. QXTARLES. Then it is not in order for
the gentleman to bring forward any other propo-
sition until the appeal shall have been actcd upon.
The SPEAKER- The Chair desires to hear
the precedent referred to by the gentleman from
Ohio.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" A motion was made by Mr. 13oon that the rule be again
suspended, to enable Mr. Stewart, who intimated a wish
to do so, to make a motion that the said resolution do lie
on the table.
"And, on the question,' Shall the rule be suspended for
the puiposc aforesaid?'
" It passed in the affirmative ; two thirds voting therefor.
"A motion was then made by Mr. Stewart, that the said
resolution, and the amendment proposed by Mr. Corwin,
do Iio on the table.
'•And befote the question was put thereon, Mr. Stewart
withdiew lus said motion.
"The motion that the said resolution, and the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Corwin, do lie on the table, was
then renewed by Mr. Moorc; and an inquiry was made
whether the motion of Mi. Moore could be received with-
out again suspending the mlc,
"The Speaker (Mr. Hubbard acting) decided that the
su^peniion of the luie was for the purpose of receiving a
motion to lay the resolution on the table, and to come to a
decision on that motion, and it was immaterial by whom
the motion might be made ; and that the motion made by
Mr. Moore would, therefore, be entertained.
"From thisdeci&ion Mr. John Q.uincy Adams appealed
to the House, on the ground that the motion was to suspend
the rule for the purpose of enabling Mr. Stewart to move
that the resolution do lie on the table, and that, Mr. Stew-
art having made bis said motion, and withdrawn Jt, it was
necessary thai the rule should be again suspended, before
the said motion could be renewed by any other member.
" And, dftei debate on the appeal,
"Mr Moore withdrew lus motion that the said resolu-
tion and amendment do he on the table.
"An inquiry was then made of the Chair, whether the
withdrawal of the motion that the said resolution do he on
the table set aside the question on the appeal by Sir. John
Q,['I.\'cy Adams.
" The Speaker decided that the appeal did not fall by the
vvjthdiawal of the motion that the lesolution do lieon the
table, and that the question on the appeal was the question
then pending before the House.
"Mr. Van Houten then renewed the motion that the said
resolution and amendment do he on the table.
" And the question was then put on the appeal moved
by Mr. John Qtincy Adams, viz : ' Shall the decision of
the Speaker stand as the judgment of the House?'
" And passed in the aftiimative—yeas 130, nays 13."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a clear case, directly
in point; and it was even a stronger case, for that
was a proposition submitted the third time." In
this ease, it is only proposed to submit it for the
second time.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Tennessee
has raised n point of order, that nothing can be
before the House at this time except the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my appeal, and
now submit the proposition of the gentleman from |
Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] winch has been withdrawn, j
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the attention |
of the House to the report in the Daily Globe of j
the day of the last meeting of the House: j
" Mr. Davis, of Indiana. I a>k the unanimous consent
of the House, tor le:i\e to introduce the following msotu-
uon •>■*'"* * + * + *
"Mr. Ijakksdale. I object to the resolution.
"Mr. Davis, of Indiana. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the resolution.
"The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended."
The very purpose for which the rules were sus-
pended, was to enable the gentleman from Indiana
to introduce that resolution, and not to enable any
other gentleman to offer it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I undeistood the purpose of
suspending the rules was to enable the resolution
to be introduced, without any reference to the
person introducing it.
Mr. BOCOCK. Do I understand that there is
an appeal pending?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have withdrawn my ap-
peal, and I do not understand that there is any
appeal pending. I again offer the resolution of-
fered on Monday last by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. BOCOCK. I raise a question of order
upon that.
Mr. GROW. In order that we may know
precisely the state of the question upon which
the gentleman from Virginia raises a point of
order, I ask the Chair to state it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Davis] having withdrawn his resolu-
tion, offered under a suspension of the rules on
Monday last, the gentleman from Ohio now pro-
poses to offer the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] by way of amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand my proposition. I offer again the resolu-
tion offered and withdrawn by Mr. Davis, of
Indiana. I renew the resolution in accordance
with the precedent which I have cited. I do not
offer the amendment proposed by Mr. Holman,
but the original proposition.
Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the difference there
is between the precedent read at the Clerk's desk
and the case now before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be very glad to
hear the difference, for I confess I cannot see
any.
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio and of the Chair to this, to
me, very clear distinction. There the motion was
to suspend the rules to enable the mover to lay
on the table the proposition before the House.
The rules were suspended to enable this inciden-
tal motion to be made relative to a main proposi-
tion which was before the House. The Chair,
perhaps properly, decided that, that incidental
motion having been withdrawn, it was competent
for any other gentleman to renew it, the main
question being pending before the House. But,
in this instance, the main question having, under
another rule, been withdrawn, the gentleman from
Ohio desires to renew it. It is clearly a case dis-
tinct from the one cited as a precedent.
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe I have the floor; and
I rise to a question of order." I submit that the
gentleman from Ohio cannotsubmit again the res-
olution submitted and withdrawn by the gentle-
man from Indiana. I think the gentleman from
Maryland, to some extent, is correct in saying that
the two cases are not similar; and I think I can
show that fact to the satisfaction of the Chair and
of the gentleman from Ohio, if I can have their
attention.
I believe the decision of the Chair in the case
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio was not
a correct decision in the first place. It has never
been reaffirmed. It was made years ago; and no
decision, from that time to this, can be found of
a similar character. I, for once in my life, find
myself agreeing with the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts who then held a seat in the
House, and who took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair. The decision on that occasion was
not made by the regular Speaker of the House
It was made a member temporarily occupying the
Chair, and we know how often questions of order
are decided by meie questions of party suggestion
or feeling.
But admitting, for the sake of argument, that
decision to be correct, I hold that it does not np- j
ply to this case. It is a principle which will not I
be questioned, that when a rule is adopted in vio- j
lation of the general pimciples of law, it is to be :
construed strictly. Then you cannot construe j
this decision of the House strictly without con- ii
fining it to the cases to which it was intended to
apply, and allowing it to go no further. What
was the proposition then ? It was, that a propo-
sition being before the House, the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of allowing a motion to be
made affecting that proposition, which motion
was^ not otherwise in order. The principal prop-
osition was then pending before the House, and
the question was merely whether this or some
other motion should be made in relation to it.
The motion it was desired to make—to lay on the
table—was not subject to amendment..
Now, the gentleman from Ohio, who is a fair-
minded man, will not deny that a motion to lay
on the table, under the circumstances, is a motion
involving a principle entirely distinct from this
proposition to introduce a resolution, the subject
of which is not before the House. The decision
now sought by the gentleman from Ohio to be
made is an enlargement of the decision then made.
That was a motion that could not be amended;
while the gentleman from Ohio seeks, undercover
of the resolution that he desires to renew, to adopt
an amendment which is an entirely distinct prop-
osition. And I ask the attention of the Speaker
and the attention of the House to this point: I
think the present difficulty grows out of a mis-
conception of the purpose for which the rules of
the House are suspended. The suspension of
the rules is allowed merely in order that a propo-
sition may be brought before the House. As I
have already stated, the gentleman from Indiana
—and I invite attention to the point—had no right,
without a suspension of the rules, to bring for-
ward his proposition. The rules were suspended
to allow him to bring it forward. He did bring
it forward. The moment the proposition was in
the possession of the House, that moment the
question of a suspension of the rules was " clean
gone," and had no more to do with the proposi-
tion submitted by the gentleman from Indiana
than if there had been no suspension of the rules
moved.
Understand my point. I say that it was in
order for the gentlemen from Indiana to* present
his resolution; but objection being made, it was
necessary for him to procure a suspension of the
rules before his resolution could be introduced.
The rules were suspended; and under that sus-
pension of the rules, the gentleman from Indiana
presented his resolution. The instant the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was before
the House, that instant the question of the sus-
pension of the rules was "clean gone." That
question was no more before us; and the proposi-
tion stood precisely as if there had been no sus-
pension of the rules asked for and granted. Now,
sir, the precedent cited by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] enlarges and varies that
meaning of the suspension of the rules. I say
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] did
make the motion for a suspension of the rules;
did submit his proposition under a suspension of
the rules; and that when that proposition was
pending before the House, the question of how
it came before the House was no longer a matter
for our consideration. It was before the House,
m thepossession of the House; and being before
the House, and in the possession of the House,
the gentleman from Indiana, who had submitted
it, withdrew it, as he had the right to do.
Next, let me inquire, how do you get the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] before the House? The thing proposed to
be done under the suspension of the iules, asked
for by the gentleman from Indiana, has been done
—the purpose which he sought on Monday last
has been accomplished. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Davis,] who asked for a suspension
of the rules, did what he had a right to do; and
now, two or three days having elapsed, the gen-
tleman from Indiana, in pursuance of authority
granted him under the rules, comes forward and
withdraws his resolution. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] claims the right to bring
that proposition again before the House. In the
case alluded to by the gentleman from Ohio, the
question before the House "wns on a motion to
lay upon the table. The motion to lay upon the
table did not affect the proposition whether the
question was before the House or not. Thepiop-
osition was pending, and the question was sim-
ply with reference to a motion to lay upon the
table.
