1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JM
a payment from the consumers to the manufac-
iureis,m guise of a Government tax. Ohio pays,
1 say, one tenth of this ^00,000,000. The district
I represent pays one twentieth part of that one
tenth; it pays at least $30,000 a year indirectly
for the suppoit of this Government; and how
much more will it pay when it comes in this indi-
rect form, with no bounty to the agricultural in-
terest, which is paramount in its economy. True,
the West can take care of itself. It is rich by
nature in its resources: and if the people of Penn-
sylvania cannot live by working their iron forges
with their own natural resources; and if the peo-
ple of New England cannot live by working their
spindles with their native ingenuity, without the
aid and bounty of the Government, let them move
to the West, and there the God of nature will
protect them if they have the industry to work!
JNow, Mr. Chairman, this bill professes to be
a revenue measure. Sufficient revenue could be
raised by a proper revision of the present tariff
law. I believe it is hardly m order to refer to
what passes in the other branch of Congress; but
1 may say that Senator Hunthii, a gentleman of
the most approved fnianual capacity, has shown
that by amending the present tarilF law, nearly
$60,000,000 could bo laisod. How? Simply by
a change of the 4 per cents, to 10, from 8 per cent,
to 10, from 3 2 per cent, to 15, and carrying up spices
to 30 per cent., and the 5 per cents, put on the
free list. Thus we would add to the $50,000,000—
which in a fair year, without panic find political
trouble, the present tarill' would give—an increase
of over $6,000,000, an adequate amount to pay
every honest expenditure of this Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Choir will state to the
committee that he intends rigidly to enforce the
rules hereafter. The debate must ho confined t<>
the skates, that being the subject of the pending
amendment. The gentleman from Ohio objected
to the point of order being made upon him, after
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had been al-
owed to proceed; but from this time forth, the
Chair will enforcc the rules.
Mr. COX. 1 withdraw my amendment.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Lovejoy was
then disagreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike
out "six," and insert " three" in lieu,thereof;
and I intend to address myself to that amendment
specifically. 1 wish to call the attention of the
committee to this fact: that skates of the value of
30 cents and down to 6 cents, are generally im-
ported. They are used by the poorer classes, and
by children. They cost? per pair, us low as G
cents;and the duty which is proposed upon skates
of that description is from 40 to 100 per cent. I
think we ought to reduce the duty from 6 cents to
3 cents.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
In lines lour and five, of section nine, after the word
load," inseit " and oxide of zinc."
Thirty-eighth amendment:
In line ?even of the «.imu section, after the woid *•' lead,''
inseit '• eliminate and bichromate ot potash."
Thirty-ninth amendment:
line eight ol the panic section, stake out the words
<£chromate, bichromate."
Fortieth amendment:
In line twelve ot" the same section, after the word
" white,'1 inaeit " pipe clay."
These amendments were severally concurred
in, so as to make that portion of the section read
as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlndbe it faithcr enacted, That fi^m and alter
the day and year afimvaid there shall he levied, collected,
and paid on tho importation of the ailicies hereinattei men-
tioned the following duties, that is to say . Fn&t, on white
lead and oude of zme, diy'or mound m oil, red lead, arid
lithame, J-J- cents per pound, on &ugar of load oi aretatcof
lead and mtiale oflead, chromate and bichromate of potash,
u eenn per pound ; on hychioddte, and pius'iate of potash,
and- ohioinie acid, and baits of'iodine, and re&uhhmed
iodine to per centum ad valorem; on whitmg, 2o cent-' per
one hundred pounds; on Parh white, pipe clay, and ocheis
or nrheiy <\irt!i*«. not otherwise piovided for, when diy,35
rent- pel one handled pounds.
Forty-first amendment:
In imc -evcateen of the same section, stake out "six
teen," and insert" twenty " in lieu thereof; so as to make
the clause read as fohowt;: s
" On linseed. flaxseed, hempseed, and rapesef&ji oil, 20
cents per gallon."
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out " twenty,'' and inserting in
hen thereof " twenty-four." If it were not the
purpose of those who are leading in this matter to
acquiesce in the amendments of the Senate, I
should certainly insist on a change in the duty on
oil, for the purpose of protecting the manufac-
turers of it in this country. The duty on flax-
seed has been raised, and I think the duty on oil
should be raised to correspond with that change.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Iowa what ad valorem duty he would impose
on imported linseed oil. More than 20 per cent.?
Mr. CURTIS. I do not attach ad valorem duty
because that would be carrying out the principle
j of protection in connection with the idea of rev-
enue, which is, I believe the great principle in the
bill.
Mr. PIIELPS. Would you desire to impose
a duty of 50, 40 or 30 per cent on linseed oil'
Mr. CURTIS. That would not operate as a
protection to manufacturers. I will not prescribe
any bounty, because I believe that that would not
effect the purpose I have in view. My idea would
be to keep the price of the oil so much above the
price of flaxseed as to induce the manufacture of
oil here.
Mr. MORRILL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Iowa. I think
that the duty proposed by the Senate is almost an
enormity,and the gentleman proposes to increase
even that. The late of lfi cents per gallon is
equal at least to an ad valorem duty of 30 per cent.;
and to raise it 20 cents on the gallon would be an
outrage.
But, Mr. Chairman, the Senate has preserved
the relative difference between seed and oil, so
that, 1 believe, our commerce with India will not,
as it regards linseed, be interrupted. I am eon-
strained therefore to let the duty remain as is pro-
posed by the Senate for the present time. Rut T
sny this, that 1 will be ready, at any monent, to
cooperate with any party in reducing the duty on
linseed oil, and also on linseed. They are both
much too high.
So far as the protection of the interests of Iowa
or of any other western State is concerned, wo
have secured that by placing a duty on linseed,
heretofore free, and increasing it on oil, and by
an increase of the duty on linen, the last mostim-
portant of all. It is utterly impossible that we
can impose so high a rate on linseed oil as to in-
duce American agrieiiltuusls to forsake the culti-
vation of wheat and devote themselves to that of
linseed or flaxseed, because the cultivation of (lax-
need is very exhaustive to the soil, and all good
farmers know it and shun its cultivation. While
they can raise fifteen bushels of wheat to the acre
•—for which they can get as good a price as they
can for linseed, of which they cannot raise more
than eight or ton bushels—they never will go into
the cultivation of linseed in consequenee of any
protection you may give. But by protection to
linen a market is made for the fiber, which, with
the machinery already m use in some of the West-
ern States, by which it can be taken directly from
the field to market, without being rotten or broken
at all, you enable the producers to obtain a much
higher remuneration per acre than they can ob-
tain when the crop is only raised for the seed. I
am opposed to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, and I hope it will not be
adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Curtis's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
Strike out the wonh " of seven and a half pounds,'' as
tlie measuie of a gallon of rapeseed oil.
Mr. MAYNAilD. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " and a half." I
desire simply to make a suggestion to the com-
mittee. It has been announced by several gen-
tlemen on the Republican side of the House that
it is their purpose to concur ill these amendments,
in order to secure the passage of this bill, and to
avoid the risk of its falling between the two
Houses. Gentlemen have announced that they
will vote for unpalatable amendments father than
incur that risk. If that be their purpose, they
have the power to accomplish it. We therefore
gain nothing by sitting here debating this bill for
hours, and coming to a result thatis already pre-
determined. The proposition which I have to
make is this: that, by unanimous consent, we sub-
mit all the amendments at once to the action of
the committee, and that we then rise and go into
the House, where gentlemen who desire to make
a record, or otherwise, ean have a separate vote
on each amendment. 1 hope that, byunanimous
consent, that course will be pursued.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be the effect of
the present arrangement at one o'clock. If gen-
tlemen do not desire to go through these amend-
ments in detail, I desire to submit some general
remarks to the committee on this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not rise for the pur-
pose of debating the bill, but to make a sugges-
tion which I thought would save time, which, at
this late period of the session, is a matter of much
importance. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit themotion
that the committee now rise and report the bill to
the House.
Mr. BARR. Will that prevent the offering of
further amendments?
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no opportu-
nity to offer amendments to the amendments; but
gentlemen can have a vote on cach amendment of
the Senate. If there be no objection, 1 submit the
motion indicated.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Forty-third amendment:
(Strike out the woids "and 25 cents;" so as to make the
duty on opium $L per pound.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr.Chairman,
if it be in order, I desire to call the attention of
the committee at this time to an important amend-
ment, which we have not yet reached, and which
1 am apprehensive we cannot reach, before one
o'clock, the hour when the bill is to be reported
to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The order of the Senate
amendments cannot be varied, unless by unani-
mous consent. If there be no objection the gen-
tleman from New York may proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fifty-second amend-
ment of the Senate, which imposes specific duties
of 50 and 40 cents a square yard, according to
value, upon "Brussels carpet wrought by the
Jacquard machine.''' I move to strike out those
wuuls.
Mr. Chairman, of the carpets imported and sold
in the United States, at least four-fifths are entered
at the port of New York; and of the carpets man-
ufactured in the United States, at least a corre-
sponding proportion are sold in the city of New
York, for the account of the manufacturer. This
is a very important article of commerce, in which
we are, of course, deeply interested. Carpets are
doubtless, a fair subject" of taxation, being of
almost universal use. All the extensive carpet
dealers in the city of New York have protested
against the provisions of the bill, first, bccausecf
the change in the form of duties from ad valorem
to specifics, and second, because of the extrava-
gant rates of taxation which these specifies conceal.
When this bill passed this House at the last
session, it was not generally supposed by the com-
mercial men of New York that there was danger
of its becoming a law. Hence it did not receive
that degree of attention which a measure working
such radical changes in the revenue system of the
country ought to have received at their hands.
When recently the abandonment of their places
in Congress by the Representatives of the seccd-
mg States placed the passage of the bill within the
power of the now dominant majority in Congress,
these dealers in carpets united in a remonstrance
against it as certain to dimmish the revenue, and
almost equally certain to seriously afreet their
trade, by reason of its prohibitions. Their recol-
lections of the tariff of 1842 reminded them of the
inconvcniencesand embarrassments to which they
would be subjected m passing their importations
through the customs; and they regarded with just
alarm the inauguration of a new and complex sys-
tem at a time of almost universal suspension of
trade. But they had resolved to submit while this
experiment was being practiced, confident that a
brief period of time would vindicate the opinion
