234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
The question now proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio is, that upon a leave granted to the
gentleman from Indiana—upon a privilege exer-
cised by the gentleman from Indiana, and which
he has renounced altogether by withdrawing his
resolution—he (the gentleman from Ohio) shall
be enabled to bring a new subject before the
House. In the case alluded to, the subject was
before the House. Now there is no subject be-
fore the House. And the gentleman from Ohio
cannot, in all the records of Congress, find one
case where it was permitted to a member who
had not asked a suspension of the rules to bring
any distinct proposition before the House not
already before it. And especially is the gentleman
from Ohio wrong when he wishes to bring one
question, before the House with the view of get-
ting an entirely different one acted upon. As it
is, I hold his motion to be out of order.
Mr. GOOCH. This seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
to be a very plain question 
Mr. BOCOCIv. 1 hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will aiiow me. There is another
point that I would like to suggest in connection
with the remarks I have already submitted. It
may be that there were considerations influencing
and controlling the Chair when the rules wore sus-
pended which have no application to the decision
which it is his duty now to make. You will ob-
serve that the motion was made and agreed to for
a suspension of the rules on a day when it was m
order to suspend the rules. In the case referred
to a gentleman moved to suspend the rules with
a view to submit a motion to lay upon the table.
That was withdrawn, and it was in orderforany
gentleman again to move a suspension of the rules
in order to get in a motion to lay upon the table.
That is not the case here. The gentleman fiom
Indiana, on a day when the motion was in order,
moved to suspend the rules, and, under the ope-
ration of a suspension of the rules, submitted a
resolution. In the exerciseofthe privilege granted
to him under that suspension of the rules, he now
conies forward arid withdraws his resolution. The
gentleman from Ohio, on a day when it is not in
order to suspend the rules, seeks to accomplish a
suspension of the rules. In that view, then, the
precedent which has been cited and read front the
Clerks table does not apply. I hold that it'is not
in order for the gentleman from Ohio to submit
the resolution.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I understand the
gentleman from Virginia to say that, in the ease
which has been referred to, the subject-matter was
pending before the House. If the subject was
before the House, why was a suspension of the
rules necessary in order to reach it?
Mr. BOCOCK. The suspension was moved in
order to enable a motion to lay upon the table to
be made.
Mr. GOOCH. The matter to be reached was
as much beyond the control of the House as this
subject is. I suppose that the object of the sus-
pension of the rules is to enable the House to act
upon a certain subject, and not to give a particu-
lar preference to any individual; that when the
rules are suspended, then the matter is placed in
a condition where the House can reach it; and,
still further, sir, I suppose that the House having
decided that they would act upon this subject, it
is not within the power of any individual to with-
draw it f om before the House. The individual
who moved it cannot withdraw it if the House de-
sires to act on it; and even allowing the gentle-
man from Indiana can withdraw it, it is in order
for the gentleman from Ohio to renew it. That
is the reason for the decision made. It seems to
me to be a perfectly logical and correct decision
in any point of view. When the House has de-
cided that it will act on any subject, and has sus-
pended the rules for that purpose, then if one
gentleman docs not choose to make the motion to
bring the subject before the House, or, having
made it, chooses to withdiaw it, another gentle-
man can lenew it, and the House can act on the
subject without another suspension of the rules.
It semns tome that this is precisely parallel to
the case referred to; and even if there were no
such pUM-edciit, the decision is what one would
naturally expict whenever the question arose.
The gentleman from Virginia says that he does
not know there has been a single instance in
which that precedent lias been sustained. I ask
him whether he knows of a single instance in
which that precedent has been reversed? His is
not the way to meet the question. The decision
has once been made and sustained as the decision
of the House; and it is of authority as a prece-
dent, unless the gentleman can show that at a sub-
sequent period the House reversed it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not take the floor to
speak again on the point, but only to respond to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that it has
fallen within my experience frequently to see
propositions thus introduced and withdrawn, and
I do not remember that any one thought enough
of that old precedent to bring it forward and make
a question on it until the honorable gentleman
from Ohio brought it up this morning in the exer-
cise of his ingenuity.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman knows very
well, when a member asks for a suspension of
the rules, that it is usually because he has a par-
ticular object to accomplish—he desires to get a
vote of the House on a particular proposition.
If ho withdraws it, it is usually tne case that
nobody else cares for the matter and lets it pass
over. That is not the case here. The House
wants to acton the subject introduced under a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the argument on
this matter is exhausted. It seems to me that
the reason for the precedent is plain and obvious.
A gentleman offers a resolution, and no action is
had on it. The rules give him the right to with-
draw his resolution. That is right enough. But
here two thiids of the House suspended the rules.
What for ? Merely to enable a particular gentle-
man to offer a resolution? Not at all. It is to
enable the House to consider a certain proposi-
tion. This House, by a vote of two thirds, re-
solved that they would consider these resolutions.
They resolved that on Monday, and those reso-
lutions now come up in the regular order of busi-
ness. The House, by that two-thirds vote, re-
solved not merely whether Mr. Davis, oflndiana,
shall offer them, whether Mr. Sherman, of Ohio,
shall offer them, but that the House shall now
consider them It seems to me it is a perfectly
clear and obvious proposition that, the House
having determined by a two-thirds vote to consider
these resolutions, they are before the House, and
that no member can withdraw them. According
to this rule, the House has a right to consider
them, and any member has a right to demand a
vote upon them. I hope, therefore, we shall have
the decision of the Speaker, without further de-
bate.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported as truly enrolled the
following bills; which thereupon were signed by
the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year erding June 30, 18652; and
An act (H. R. No. 43(i) for the relief of Mrs.
Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the late First Lieu-
tenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant,
of the United States Army.
ENFORCEMENT OF TIIE LAWS—AGAIN.
Mr. aUARLES. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the mover of this proposition,
one question. His argument is, that the rules
were suspended to enable the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Davis] to introduce these resolu-
tions, but, the rules being suspended, he or any
other member might introduce them. I would
ask him when his right under the suspension of
the rules would cease?
Mr. SHERMAN. Whenever the House has
acted upon the proposition.
Mr. QJJARLES. Has not the action of the
gentleman from Indiana withdrawn the matter
from the House?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the action of a
member is not the action of the House.
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to say that unless
| the Chair wants to hear further debate, I would
, like to hear the decision of the Chair, which is
i the thing first, in ordei.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has not the floor
to interfere.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the floor to make
that point of ordei. It is cei tatnly not in order to
debate a point before the decision of the Speaker.
If the Chair desires to hear further debate, cer-
tainly I shall not interpose: but unless he docs,
I propose that the Chair shall give his decision
before the debate proceeds further.
The SPEAKER. The floor wasgiven to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and the Chair would
be glad to hear any remarks he has to make.
Mr. GROW. I have but one word to say.
This is a question which could arise but seldom
in the course of legislation, and therefore there
would be but few precedents, and that is the rea-
son, as referred to by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, why but few cases are found applicable to
it. We have but one day in the week on which
we can move to suspend the rules, and that of it-
self would make cases of this kind of rare occur-
rence. But when the rules are suspended to re-
ceive any proposition, you receive the proposition
subject to all such amendments as are germane; so
that the point which has been made, that the rules
were suspended to receive the proposition, not
for the purpose of acting upon it, but for the pur-
pose of having it amended, amounts to nothing.
We have frequently suspended the rules to re-
ceive a bill appropriating lands for a railroad in
a particular section, and it has been amended by
putting half a dozen other railroads to it. The
Chair has always held that any amendment ger-
mane to the proposition might be received under
a suspension of the rules. Therefore this case is
divested of all trouble in reference to the point
raised by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] in relation to amending it.
The only point is: can the gentleman renew a
proposition which the rules have been suspended
to receive, and which has been withdrawn by the
gentleman who proposed it, after such suspension
of the rules? Now, the precedent which has been
cited by the gentleman from Ohio seems to be
precisely applicable to this case. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bococic] did not seem to deny
that, but questioned the coneetness of the decis-
ion, and argued that even if the decision were to
be taken as a precedent, it ought not to be fol-
lowed. Now, when the rules are suspended to
receive a proposition, and being received, the
House has voted to sustain the previous ques-
tion, there can be no question that the gentleman
could not withdraw the proposition. We took a
vote in this case upon seconding the previous
question. If it had been carried, ihe proposition
could not have been withdrawn. But it was car-
ried in the negative, and the question is, whether
a negative action is the same as an affirmative one.
In ordinary legislation, we know that whore a
proposition is withdrawn, other gentlemen may
renew it; and now I ask whether, where a gen-
tleman withdraws a resolution received under a
suspension of the rules, another gentleman can-
not renew it as the mover himself might do ?
Mr. HOUSTON. He cannot do it.
Mr. GROW. That is the point in issue. I ask
if the gentleman from Indiana could renew it,
whether another member might not? Gentlemen
have argued this point as if the right to offer the
proposition for which the rules were suspended
was a personal privilege. Now, it can make no
difference, whoever offers it. There is no per-
sonal consideration about it whatever. The ques-
tion is simply whether, after the rules have been
suspended—which might be for the very purpose
of having this proposition considered*, and having
action upon this amendment—the will of the
House can be defeated by one member withdraw-
ing the proposition, and denying to another mem-
ber the right of renewing it. In most cases when
a gentleman withdraws a proposition, it is the
right of anybody to renew it. Is this an excep-
tional case? If it is, and the proposition cannot
under such circumstances be renewed, one person
might be able to defeat the will of the House
through a whole Congress. It seems to me that
fair legislation, as well as thu precedent cited,
requires in the case before the House a recogni-
tion of the right of any member of the House to
renew the proposition which the House suspended
its rules to consider. If that is done, then any
amendment germane to it may be offered as an
amendment.
Mr. GOOCH. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that the question which you are to decide is this:
if \ ask and obtain a suspension of the rules in
oider to make a particular motion, and thai should
be granted 
