^^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
inates. Surely bo otic can desire* that the recent
policy of increasing the public debt at the rate of
$20,000,000 annually, shall be p.upucd; and yet,
if this biii is defeated, the inevitable consequence
will be an increase of your debs by that amount
yearly. If you pass this bill, with the Senate
amendments, b&d as some of them may be, it will
undoubtedly yield revenue enough to meet the
expenditures; and-we shall have ample time next
CongFess to remedy all defccts and deficiencies of
this bill. I move the previous question.
* The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. GARNETT. I call for a separate vote
upon each amendment.
First amendment:
Page 3, line six, strike out "twenty-one," and insert
" ten so as to reduce the loan authorized by the bill to
$10,000,609.
Mr. GARNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 2, line fifteen, strike out " two," and insert" ten ;5
so as to extend the time for reimbursing the sum borrowed
from two to ten years.
The amendment was concurred in. N
Third amendment:
Page 2, line twenty-one, strike out "six," and insert
" twenty;  so that the clause shall read :
And no contract shall be made to prevent the redemption
of the same at any time after the expiration of twenty years
trom the satd 1st day of July next, without notice.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth, fifth, and sixth amendments:
Page 3, line two, insert,<{ any of;" line five, insert, "as
the exigences ot the public service require;" line seven,
strike oat" such loan," and mseit " so much of s>aid loan
as is required ;}? so that the clause shall read:
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it Jurthcr enacted, That before awarding
any of said loan, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, as the
exigences, of the public service tequire, cause to be inserted
in two of the public newspapers of the city of Washington,
andin one or mote public newspapers m other cities of the
United States, public noti.ee thai sealed proposals for so
much of saia loan as is required, wih be received until a
certain day, to be specified m such notice, &c.
The amendments were concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page 4, line twent}-five, insert:
Jlnd provided further, That no part of the loan hereby
authorized shall bo applied to the service of the present
fiscal year.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 4, strike out, " that the faith of the United States is
hereby plerieed for the due payment of the interest and the
redemption of the principal of .said stock,J; and insert:
That in ease the proposals made for &a(d loan, or for so
much thereof as thr exigencies of the public seivice shall
require, shall not be satisfactory, tne President of the Uni-
ted States shall be, and he is heieby, authorized to decline
to accept such oifet, if for less than the par value of the
bonds consuming said stock, and in lieu thereof, and to
the extent and amount of the loan authorized to be made
by this act, to issue Treasury notes toi sums not le&s than
$50, bearing interest at a rate not les-s than six percent,
per annum, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of Janu-
ary and July m each year, at proper places of payment, to
be prescribed by the Secretary, with the appioval of the
President: and under like cucunistanees and conditions,
the President of the United States is hereby authorized to
substitute Treasury notes of equal amount for the whole
or any part of an> of the loans for which he is nftw by law
authorized to contract and issue bonds. And the Treasury
notes so issued undei the authority Ueioin given, shall be
received inpayment for all duties due to the United States
when offered; and in like mannei shall hp given tn pay-
ment for any sum due fiom the United States, when pay-
ment in that mode zs requested by the persons to whom
payment is to bo made, or foi their par value in coin. And
{he faith of the United States is hereby pledged for the due
paymcntof the inteiest, and the jedcmption of the principal
of the stock or Treasury notes which may be issued under
the authority of this act: and the sum of:$20,000 if heieby
appropriated out of any money in the Tteasury not other-
wise appropriated, to pay the expenses of preparing the cer-
tificates of stock or Ttca^uiv note- herein auihouzed, to be
done in the usual mode, and under the lestrn-tions as to
the employment and payment ot officers contained in the
laws authorizing foi mer loans and issues of Tt easmy notes;
and it shall bu at the option of holders of Treasury notes
hereby authorized by this act to exchange the same for the
stock herein authorized, at par. or for bonds in lieu of
which said Tieasuiy notes were issued: Provided, Tiiatno
certificates shall be exchanged tor Tioasuiy notes <« bonds,
in sums of les^ than §500: And provided further, That the
authority to issue the saidTieasury notes, or give the same
in payment for duties due from the United Status, shall be
limited to the 13th day of June, 1862; and that the same
shall be redeemable at the pleasure of the United States, at
any time within two years after the passage of this act; and
that -said notes shall cease to bear interest, after they .shall
have been called in by the Secretary of the Treasury under
the provisions of this act.
The amendment was concurred in
Ninth amendment:
Strike out of section six "October next," and Insert,
" A pi 11, A. D. 1861also strike out "on raw sugar, com-
monly called Mu&covado or brown sugar, not advanced be-
yond its raw state by claying, boiling, clanfying, or other
process, 1 cent per pound: on sirup of sugar, or of sugar
cane, and concentrated molasses, or concentrated melado,
1 cent per pound; on white and clayed sugars, when ad-
vanced beyond the raw state, not above No. 12, Dutch
standard, by claying, boiling, clarifying, or other pro-
cess, and not yer. refined, 1 cent per pound; advanced
above No. 12, Dutch standard, and not yet refined, 1| cent
per pound; on refined sugars, whether loaf, lump, crushed,
or pulverized, 2£ cents per pound; on sugars, after being
refined, when they have been tinctured, colored, or in any
way adulterated, and on sugar candy, 5 cehts per pound;
on confectionary of.all kinds, not otherwise provided for,
30 per centum ad valorem; on molasses, 4 cents per gallon:
Provided, That ali sirups of sugai, or of sugar cane, con-
centrated molasses, or concentrated melado, entered under
the denomination of molasses, or any other appellation than
sirup of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated molasses, or
concentiatca melado, shall be liable to foifeiture to the Uni-
ted States: Provided, That an inspection, under such reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe,
shall be made of ali sugars and molasses imported from
foreign countries, in order to prevent frauds, and the intio-
duction of sugars, sirup of sugar, sirup of cane, concen-
trated molasses, or concentrated melado, or bottling sirup,
under the title of molasses, or in any other manner," and
insert:
On raw sugar,'commonly called Muscovado or brown
sugar, not advanced beyond the raw state by claying or
other process; and on sirup or sugar, or of sugar cane, and
concentrated molasses, or concentrated melado, and on
white and clayed sugars, when advanced beyond the raw
htate by claying or other process, and not refined, % cent
per pound; on lefined sugars, whether loaf, lump, crushed,
oi pulverized,2cents per pound; on sugars, altei being re-
fined, when they are tinctured, coloied,oi in any way adul-
tciatcd, and on ^ugai candy, 4 cents per pound : Provided.,
That all sirups of sugar, oi of sugar cane, concentrated mo-
lasses oi melado, entered under the name of molasses, or
any other name than sirup of sugar, or of sugar cane, con-
centrated molasses, or concentrated melado, bhall be liable
to forfeiture to the United States; on molasses, 2 cents per
gallon ; on confectionaiy of all kinds, not otherwise pro-
viked for, 30 per centum ad valorem.
Second. On colfee, H cents per pound; on tea, when
imported from any port or place beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, 4 cents per pound; when impoited from any port or
place this side of the Cape of Good Hope, other than tn the
country where produced, 4 cents per pound, and an addi-
tion thereto of 10 per centum ad valorem: Provided, That
whenever the Treasury notes and bonds of the United States
which have been, or shall be, issued under the authority of
any laws or pans ot laws passed between the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1857, and the Itb day of Maich, A. 1). 1861,
shall be redeemed and paid, the President of the United
States is hereby authorized to make proclamation that the
aforesaid aiticlesof tea and coffee may be imported into the
United States exempt and free fiom the specific duties
herein imposed : Proi ided, That the duties on tea and cof-
fee hereby imposed shall cease from and after the 30th of
June, 1863.
The first portion of the amendment, in refer-
ence to the date, was agreed to.
Mr QAJARLES. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the latter portion of the amendment.
The yeos and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 31, nays 147; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Charles F. Adams, Babbitt, Blair, Ciay-
ton, Buttcifield, Cainpholl Osirpy, Claik !>, Coehranp, H.
Winter Davis, Fenton, Frank, French, Grow, Hale, Hall,
Iloaril, William A. Howard, living, Kilporc, McKmglit,
Moorlieacl. Motrin, Morse, t'aimer, Itiggs, Cin hstormcr Rob-
inson, Scranton, Sedgwick, Bpamer, Stanton, and Veiroc
NAYS—MesMS. Green Ailunis. Ailrain, Aldricll, Alley,
Tliomas L. Ande^on, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Avery, Ban, liarret, Beale, Bmtjham, Blake, Bocock,
Kotelei, Urabson, Branch, lSrig^s, llristow, Brown, Bnffin-
ton, Burch. liuilmgame, Burnett, linrnlmm, Cailer, Case,
Hotacc F. Claik, Jolm I!. Claik, C'oburn, John Cochrane,
Coiiax,Conkling,('orwiti, Cox, James Craig, Button Ciaige,
Jolm G. Davis, Dawes, lie Jainette, Delano, Dnell, Dunn,'
Edgeitou, Edinundson, Edwaids, Giiot, Ely, English, Ktli-
eudge, Farnsworth, Feny. Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gil-
mer. Gooeil, Gialiam, Gurley, J. jUoritson Hauis. John T.
Harris, IJatton, Hickman, Ilolman. William Howaid,
Hughes, Hatching, Jenkins, Junkui, Fianeis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kunkel, Lanabce, DeWitt C. Leach, James SI.
Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan, Longneeker, Jjooims, Love-
jov, Maclay, Malloiy, Maif-ton, Ciiailes I). Martin,' Elbert
S. Martin, Mavnaid, McClernanil, McKcan, McKenty,
McPheison, Millson, IVIillwaid, Montgomeiy, Lalian T.
Mooie, Edwaul Joy Moins, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nlb-
laek, Nixon, Olin, Perry, 1'ettit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter,
Pottei, Pottle, Prvor, Quarlcs, Edwin li. Reynolds, Jolm
H. Reynolds. James (J. Robinson, Royee, Kulhn, Scott,
Sherman, Siekies, Simms, William N. II. Smith, dprniM-
mg. Stevens, William Stewart, Sfokes. Stout, Stmtton,
Tappan, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins, Tiain, Vallandig-
liain, Vance, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Ellihu 13. Wasii-
buriie, Webster, Wells, Wfnteley, Wilson,Wmdom,Wins-
low, Wood, Woodruff, Woodson, and Wright—1-17,
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the call,
Mr. ALDRICH stated that Mr. Curtis was
paired off with Mr. Noell.
Mr. FRENCH stated that Mr. Foster was
absent m attendance upon the peace conference.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Allen
had been called to Ohio in consequence of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. DUNN stated that Mr. Humphrey was
detained at his room in consequence of sickness.
Mr. KUNKEL said: I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] whether the
term " United States," used in certain branches
of this "amendment, is intended to include the
States of South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Louisiana?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; if I understand
your question.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, said: I have
been suffeying from chills for several days, and
have to leave the House now on account of one.
I am opposed to this tariff bill as a whole, and in
many of its parts; and in the name of my constit-
uents I especially protest against the provision for
taxing tea and coffee, as, in my judgment, an out-
rageous provision, and as unjust, unequal, op-
pressive, and iniquitous legislation.
Mr. MONTGOMERY said: As an abstract
question, I should be opposed to taxing tea and
coffee; but I am convinced that no tariff bill will
be passed unless we accept this as it is. I there-
fore am constrained reluctantly to vote " ay."
Mr. NOELL stated that on this bill he was
paired off with Mr. Curtis.
Mr. PALMER said: In order to save this bill
I vote " ay."
Mr. POTTER stated that Mr. Washburn, of
Wisconsin, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. TRAIN made a similar statement in refer-
ence to Mr. Rice.
Mr. STANTON stated that Mr. Trimble was
detained from the House by sickness, and was
paired off with Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. ELY stated that Mr. Van Wyck was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
Mr. EDWARDS said: For fear that we shall
lose the whole bill, unless we agree to the amend-
ments of the Senate, I vote " ay."
Mr. MONTGOMERY said: Finding that the
peculiar friends of a tariff are opposed upon prin-
ciple to voting in tea and coffee, Kwill change my
vote, and vote " no."
Mr.KILLINGER said: Ivoteforconcurrence,
inasmuch as it involves the fate of the whole bill.
If the bill goes back to the Senate, it will be lost.
Therefore I vote for some provisions which ate
unacceptable in themselves. We are in debt
$100,000,000, and must raise additional revenue,
or be dishonored in the eyes of the whole world.
Mr. Buchanan's administration has paralyzed the
public credit, and we must resort to this measure
in order to enable Mr. Lincoln to carry on the
Government and execute the laws. By this bill
we secure specific duties—the great desideratum of
the people of every State—and protect the labor
of the whole country. I will submit to this im-
position of a temporary duty on tea and coffee,
to continue until the public debt is in the way of
liquidation, because it is the only hope of secur-
ing the great object for which 1 came to this Con-
gress, a protective tariff; and the Republican party
is false to its avowed platform if it rejects this
Senate amendment, and so defeats the whole
measure.
Mr. HALE said: I intend to let my vote re-
main in the affirmative, and I am sorry that my
friends upon this side have not more backbone.
I was opposed to it upon principle, but I voted
for the amendment under the circumstances.
Mr. SPINNER said: Having been an old Dem-
ocrat, and believing in free trade, I thought a tariff
bill was for revenue and not protection; and I shall
stand by my vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL said: I voted for this tax
upon tea and coffee for the purpose of saving the
bill, and I stand by my vote. I vote "ay."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I follow the gen-
tleman's example. I voted in the negative, and
I stand by it.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BARR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was disagreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Strike out the following in section six :
On Madeira, slierry, and port wines, in ca>ks 01 bot-
tles, 75 cents per galion; on champagne and sparkling
