THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Thirty-sixth amendment:
•Insert the words " on skates costing 20 cents or less per
pair, 6 cents per pair; on those casting over 20 eems per
pair, 30 pier centum ad valorem."
The amendment was concurredin.
Thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, for-
tieth, forty-iirst, forty-second* forty-third, forty-
fourth, and forty-fifth amendments:
Sec. 9. After the woids " on white lead," add the words
"and oxide of zinc;" aftei the word "lead," add the
words " chromate and bichromate of potash;" strike out
]:he words "chromate, bichromate insert the woids "pipe
clay;" strike out "sixteen," and insert in lieu thereof
<v twentystrike out the words " of seven ana a half
poundsstrike out the woids " 25 cents" twice where it
occurs; and after the word " paste," add the words " or
juice;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and afterthe
day and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on the importation of the article* hereinafter men-
tioned the following duties, that is to say: First. On white
lead and oxide of zinc, dry or ground in oil, red lead, and
litharge, cent per pound; on sugar of lead, or acetate of
lead and nitrate of lead, chromate and bichromate of pot-
ash, 3 cents per pound: on hydnodate and prussiate of pot-
ash, and chromic acid, and salts of iodine, and resublimed
iodine, 15 per centum ad valorem; on whiting, 25 cents per
one hundred pounds; on Pans white, pipeclay, and ochcrs
or oclier earths, not otherwise provided for, "when dry, 35
cents per one hundred pounds ; when ground in oil, $1 35
cents per one hundred pounds; on umber, 50 cents per one
hundred pounds; on putty, 1 cent per pound; on linseed,
flaxseed, hempseed, and rapeseed oil, 20 cents per gallon;
on kerosine oil, and all other coal oils, 10 cents per gallon;
on.alum, alum substitute, sulphate of alumina, and alumi-
nous cake, 50 cents per one hundred pounds ; on copperas,
green viuiol, or sulphate of iron, 25 cents per one hundred
pounds; on bleaching powder, 15 cents per one hundred
pounds; on refined camphor, 6 cents per pound; on refined
borax, 3 cents per pound; on tallow, 1 cent per pound; on
tallow candles, Q cents per pound; on spermaceti or wax
candles and tapers, and on candles and tapers of sperma-
ceti and wax combined, 8 cents «per pound; on stearme
candies, and all other candles and tapers, 4 cents per pound;
on spirits of turpentine, 10 cents per gallon; on opium, $1
per pound; on morphine, and its salts,$1 per ounce; on
iiquonce paste or juice, 3 cents per pound.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Forty-sixth and forty-seventh amendments:
Sec. 10. Strike out the words "rice or," and insert in
lieu thereof the words " cleaned rice, 1 cent per pound; on
uncleaned rice or;" and instead of "ten," insert "six-
teen ;  so that it will read:
On cleaned rice, 1 cent per pound; on uncleaned l ice or
paddy,50 cents per one hunched pounds ; on sago and sago
flour,50 cents per one huncued pounds; on flaxseed oi lin-
seed, 16 cents per bushel of filly-two pounds.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Section eleven, strike out "• two," and insert " four so
as to make the duty on cloves 4 cents per pound.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Section eleven, strike out "two," and insert " three
so as to make the duty on figs 3 cents per pound.
The amendment-was concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
Section twelve,strike out the woids "shall exceed 18
cunts per pound, and shall notcxcecd 24 cents pei potiud,"
and insert in lieu thereof "shall be less than 18 cents per
pound, 5 per centum ad valorem ; exceeding 18 cents per
pound, and not exceeding 24 cents per poundso that the
section will read:
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the inipoitation of the articles hereinafter
mentioned, the following duties, that isto^ay: First, On
all wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca, goat,
and other like animal!-, unmanufactured, the value wheieof
at the last port or place from whence exported to the United
Stales shall be less tftan 18 cents per pound. 5 per centum
ad valorem; exceeding 18 cents per pound, and not exceed-
ing 24cento pei pound, theie shall be levied, colluded, and
paid a duty of 3 cents per pound ; exceeding 54 cents per
pound, tlieie shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of
9 cents per pound.
Mr. PHELPS. I shall vote for this amendment:
but I desire to have the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-first amendment:
Section thirteen, after the word " Aubusson" insert the
word " Axminster."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
Section thirteen, after word " cai peting," insert the words
" Brussels carpet, wrought by the Jacquaid machine so
that it will read :
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned the following duties, that is to say: First. On Wil-
ton, Saxony, and Ambusson, Axmimster patent velvet,
Tourney velvet, and tapestry velvet caipets and carpeting,
Brussels carpets wrought by trie Jaequard machine, and
all medallion or whole carpets valued at §1 25 cents or
under, per square yaid, 40 cents per square yard.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope there will be no hesi-
tation in giving us the yeas and nays on this
amendment. It is to protect a patent right. That
is all.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adatns, Ad-
rain, Aldneh, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bingham, BlUir, Blake, Brayton, Buihngame, Burn-
ham, Buttcrficld, Campbell, Carey, Coburn, Conkling,
Corwin, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Elliot, Ely, Ethei idge, Farnsworth,
Fen ton, Frencn. Graham, Uale, Hall, Hehmck, Hickman,
William A. Howard, Hutchins, Francis W. Kellogg, Ken-
yon, KiJgore, Killinger, Longnecker, Loonns, Lovejoy,
Marston, McKean, McKenty, McKnight, McPherson,
Milhvard, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore,Mooihead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Perry,
Pettit, Poiter, Pottle, Edwin, It. Reynolds, Chnstopher
Robinson, Royce, Scianton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spauld-
ing, Stanton, Stevens, Stokey, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins,Train, Veiree, Wade, Waidron, Wal
ton, Wells, and Woodruff—87.
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Barr, Barret, Boeock, Boteier,
Brabson, Branch, Btiggs, Bristow, Brown, Burch, Burnett,
Carter, Horace F. Ciark, John B.Claik, John Cochiane,
Colfax, James Craig, Burton Craige, John G. Davis, De
Jarnctte, Edmundson, English, Feiry, Florence, Frank,
Gilmer, Gooch, John T. I-Iairis, Ilatton, Hoard, Holman,
William Howard, Hughes, Irvine, Jenkins, Kunkel, Lar-
rabee, Leake, Logan. Maclay,Maliory, Charles D. Martin,
Maynard, McClernand, Nel&on, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps,
Pryor, Q,uailcs, Rtegs, James C. Robmson, Ruftin, Rust,
Sickles, Simms, William N. II. Smilh, Spinner, Steven-
son, Thomas, Vailandrgham, Vance, Ellihu 11. Washburnc,
Webster, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—68.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr, CLARIv, of New York, (when his name
was called,) said: This is aproposition to protect
the power loom of Massachusetts. I vote "no.}>
Mr. SHERMAN. We have now passed, I be-
lieve, all the disputed items; and I hope the vote
will be taken on the remainder of the amendments
of the Senate en masse.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think we had better pro-
ceed in the way m which we have been going on.
Fifty-third amendment:
Insert at the end of the fifty-second amendment, as fol-
lows :
Piovidcd that no caipet or rug^ of the above descuption
shall pay a duly of less than 25 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth amendments:
In^cit in the schedule of 30 per cent ad valorem, aftei
"tape.stiy. Brussels caipet^ and caipeting,'' as lollovvs:
Punted on the waip oi otherwise.
The amendments were concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Strike out cCon all woolen cloths, or cloth of which
wool shall be the elncfcomponent mateiial, fulled or milled,
kerseys and plains, valued at 25 cents per square yaul and
under, a duty of 20 per centum ad valorem ; on ail cloths,
cassiiueies, kerseys, buckskins, doeskins, mixed sackings,
pelisse cloths, habit cloths, ladies' cloaking*, fancies,
tweeds, plains, and felts, or goods of a similar chaiaeter,
valued at 25 cents, and not exceeding 75 cents per square
yaul, a duty ot 16 cent1' per pound, and in addition thereto
20 per centum ad valorem: Provided, That all goods or
cloths of the toregomg de^-ciiption, weighing not inoie than
ten ounces, per square yaid, shall pay a duty of 16 cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, 25 per centum ad valorem;
valued at over 75 cents per squat c > aid, a duty of 16 cents
per pound, and in addition thereto, 25 per centum ad valo-
rem; on all beaver cloths, dufhl cloths, pilot cloths, peter-
shams, felt cloth':, or similar cloths, suitable lor oveicoats
oi blankets, and valued at $1 oi less per eqtmre yard, a duty
of 1C cents per pound, and, in addition theieto, 15 per
centum ad valoiem; valued above $1, and not above $2,
per square yard, a duty of 10 cents pei pound, and, m ad-
dition thereto, 20 per centum ad valorem; valued above $2
per square yaid,_a duty of IG cents pei pound, and, in ad-
dition thereto, 2.) per'eenmm ad valorem; on all bioad-
cloths, twilled or plain, valued at $1 or ley per square yaid,
a duty of 16 cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, 15
per centum ad valorem; above $1, and not above $2, per
square jaui, 10 cents per pound, and, m addition theieto,
20 per centum ad valorem; valued above £2 pei squam
yard, a duty of 10 cents per pound, and, m addition theie-
to, 2o per centum ad valorem.''' And mseit in lieu thereof,
as follows:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manufac-
tures of wool of every description, made wholly or in pait
of wool, not otherwise provided for, a duty of 12 cents per
pound, and in addition thereto 25 per centum ad valorem;
on endless belts tor paper, and blanketing ior puntmg ma-
chines, 25 per centum ad valorem.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in
Fifty-seventh and fifty-eighth amendments:
Stiike out the word "or," and insert the words "and
not over $1." Strike out" twelve" and insert " sixteen,"
so as to make the clause read as follows:
On woolen and worsted yarn, valued at 50 cents, and
not over $1 per pound, 12 cents pbr pound, and in addition
thereto 15 per centum ad valorem.
The amendments were concurred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Insert at the close of the above clause, as follows:
On woolen and worsted yarn, valued at over $1 per
pound, 12 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 25 per
per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixtieth amendment:
Stiike out "sixteen" and insert "twelve," in the follow-
ing clause:
On clothing, ready made, and wearing apparel of every
dcscuption, composed wholly or in part ot wool, made up
or inanufacturedwholly or in'part by the tailor, seamstiess,
oi nianulactuier, 16 cents per pound, and in addition theieto
25 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-first amendment:
Strike out as follows; "On blankets valued at not over
75 cents each, and of the dimensions not lesfe than seventy-
two by fifty-two inches, a duty of 10 cents each ; on all other
blanket-:, comprising Whitney, Rose, Bath, duffil, point,
ciadle, crib, Mackinaw, and horse blankets, composed
wholly or in part of wool, and not exceeding in vafue the
sum of $2 each, 16 cents per pound, and in addition thereto
15 per centum ad valorem; valued at over $2 each,16cents
pei pound, and in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valo-
rem," and insert in ueu thereof the following:
On blankets of all kinds, made wholly or in part of wool,
valued at not exceeding 28 cents per pound, there shall be
charged a duty of 6 cents per pound, and in addition thereto
10 pei centum ad valorem; on ail valueu aoove 28 cents per
puund, but not exccediug 40 cents per pound, there shall
be chaiged a duty ot fi cents per pound, and m addition
theieto 25 per centum ad valorem ; on all valued above 40
cents per pound, theie shall be ciiarged a duty ot 12 cents
per pound, and in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valorem.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the yeas
and nays upon concurring in that amendment;
and ask for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Davis of
Indiana, and Ely weie appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-four in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, Aldneh, Alley, William C Andeison, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bingham, Blau, Blake, Boteier, Biaytou, Buffintori,
Buriingame, Uurnhain, HuttertleJd, Campbell,Caiey, Case,
Cobutn, Ckuk li. Cochrane, Colfax, Conklmg, Corwin,
l)avve«, Delano, Duell, Dunn,Edgerton,Eliot, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Frank, French, Guocfi, Graham.
Giow, Hale, Hall, Uelmick, llickinan,William A. Howard^
11 vine, Junkin. Francis \V. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kil-
linger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loonns, Matston, Maynard,
McClernand, McKean, McKenty, McKnisrht, MePheison,
Montgomery, Moorhead, Mornil, Morse,"Nixon, Palmer,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Bevnolds, Riggs,
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Spauldmg, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,Tap-
pan, Thayer, Theakei, Tompkins, Train. Vcrree, Wade,
Waidron, Walton, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom.and
Woodruff—96.
NAYS—MesM*. Thomas L. Andeison, Aven, Bai r, Bar-
ret, Boeoek, Bianeh, Burth, Burnett, Caiter, Horace F
Claik, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, James Ctaig,
Burton Uiaige, John G. Uavis, De Jainette, Edmundson,
English, Eth< ridge, C.irnctt, Gilmer, John T. Hams, Hat-
ton. Holman,William Howaid, Lauabee, Leake, Lovejoy,
Maeiay. Chaiies I). Martin, Elbert S- Mai tin, Isaac N.
Moiris. Neison, Niblack, Pnelps, 1'iyor, Quanes, James C,
Robinson, Rnftin, Rust, Sickles, Simn^, Willi.im A'. H.
Smith, Spinnei, Stokes, Thomas, Vallandigiiam, Vance.
Elhlm B. Wa^hhurne, Whiteiey, Winslow, VVoou^on, and
Wright—56.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. PEYTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Moore.
[The President elect appearing in the House,
much confusion occurred in consequence of mem-
bers crowding about him for introductions, &c.]
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope gentlemen upon the
other side of the House will appreciate the mo-
tion I am about to make. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the motion, to enable me to
make a report from the select committee on the
abstraction of the Indian trust bonds.
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer to insist on my
motion.
The House refused to adjourn
Sixty-sorond amendment:
Insert the words, "gray oi uneolored and on all other."
so as to make the clause read:
On ail delaines, Cashmeie delaines, muslin delaines, ba-
