1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
rego delaines, composed wholly or in part of wool, gray or
uneolored, and on all other pray or uneolored goods of sim-
ilar description, 25 per centum'ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-third and sixty-fourth amendments:
Inseit the words,4' on bunting," and the word*," stained,
colored, oi printed, and on all other;-*' so as to make the
chuifO lead as follows:
On bunting, and on all stamed, colored, or printed, and
on all other manufaetuies of wool, or of which wool shall
be a component material, not otherwise provided foi,30
per centum ad valorem.
The amendments were concurred in.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Strike out the words, "30 per 0011101110(1 valorem,'" in the
following:
Fourth. On oil-cloths for floois, stamped, painted, 01
punted, valued at 50 cents 01 let-s per squaie yared, 20 per
centum ad valorem; valmd at over 50 vents pei >quaic
yard, 30 per centum ad valorem; on all othei oil cloth, 30
per centum ad valoiem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
Insert the woids " on all like goods exceeding two bun-
dled thieads to thesquaie inch, counting the wa>p and
filling, 4 cents per squaie jard,*'m the section providing
for dutiC3 011 all mnnuhtciuK'f of cotton, not bleached, col-
ored; stained, painted, or printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams,
Adratn, Aldrich. Alley, William C. Anderson, Uabbitt,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Btayton, Brisrow, Buffiuton, Bur-
Imgame, tturnham, Dutteificld, Campbell, Carey, Case,
Cobmn, Claik B. Cochrane, Colfax, Colliding, Coiwm,
Dawes, Delano, Ouell. Dunn, Edgciton, Edwaids, Eliot,
Eiy, Ethendge, Farnsworth, Ponton, Feny, Florence,
Fiank. Fiench, GoocluGiaham, Grow, Hate, Hall, J. Mor-
11-011 Harris, John T. H.irus, Ilelniick,William A. Howaul,
Uutchms, Junkin, Fiancis W. Ivellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoie,
Kiliingoi, DeWitt C. Leach, Loo, Longticckei, L001111-,
Marston. May mud, McKenty, McKnight, Mci'her^on,
Millson/Montgomeiy, Laban T. Moore, IVIoorhead, Isaac
N. Morns Mow, Ncbon, Nixon, Oini, Palmer, Pcttit,
Porter, Potter, Pott'e, Qu.irlcs, Edwin R. Reynolds, Riggs,
Christopher Robinson, Hoyce, Heianton, Sedgwick, Shei-
man,Spaulding, tfpinnei,Stanton,STcvens,William Stew-
ait, Stokes, Stout, Strattou, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkin-,
Tiam, Venee, Wade, Waidron, Walton. Elhhu H. Wa^h-
butne, Webster, Wells, Wilson', Windom, and Woodruff
—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery. Barr, Bar-
rel, Bianch. Biovvn, Burch, Burnett. Hoiaee F. Clark, John
B. Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, Bmton Craige, John G.
Davn, De Jninctto, Edmundson, TJngln-h, Gamett,Gilmer,
Hoiman, William Ilowaid, Jenkin-, Kunkel, Lariaboe,
Logan, Maciay, Chailes D. Maitin, Elbert £?. Maitm, Mc-
Clei iicuul, Nibhit k. Piwlps, Pryoi. J«une> C. Hobm-on, iluf-
fin, Ru-t, Sickle-1, Sunnis, Steven-on, Thomas, Vullandig-
ham, Vance, Whitelcj, and Window—43.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Thayer had paired
with Mr. Luakf..
Mr. GAI1NETT. 1 desire to say that I called
for a separate vote upon each of the amendments
of the Senate. 1 ha\ e no wish to detain the House
against its wish, and will withdraw thecal!.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the vote be
taken on the remaining' amendments en masse, un-
less there are particular amendments upon which
member* desire separate votes.
Mr. WINSLOW. Let us go on regularly.
Mr. SICKLES. I want a separate vote on sev-
eral of the remaining amendments. I wanta sep-
arate vote on the book amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I want a separate
vote on the one hundred and twentieth amend-
ment.
Mr, WINSLOW. I insist that wo shall go on
in the resulai way.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
taking the vote upon the remaining amendments
en masse 5
Mr. WINSLOW. I object. I want the amend-
ments acted on regularly. [Cries of '{ Read on!"]
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that the suggestion
of the Speaker will be adopted.
Mr. H1NDMAN. 1 tiust that it will.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object, i want the amend-
ments acted on regularly.
Mr. BURNETT. It will only be a wasto of
time. We cannot accomplish anything by that
means. I do not see any reason why we should
punish ourselves.
Mr. SICKLES. Is it the understanding that
if the amendments be disposed of, the House will
then adjourn;
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take it as the
generalundeistanding that the remaining amend-
ments shall be considered en masse.
Mr. BRANCH. There is one amendment upon
which I desire a separate vote before the question
shall pass from before the House. I want to move
to lay some amendment upon the table—I do not
care which one—which will carry the whole bill
with it if the motion be agreed to, my object being
to have a test vote on this taiiff proposition.
Mr. PHELPS. Make it now.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 want to reserve my motion
to the proper time. I do not desire to submit the
motion to lay upon the table at this time.
Mr. GROW. The Chair has taken it as the
general understanding that the remaining amend-
ments have been concuried in. If that be so,
then there is no amendment pending before the
House to which the gentleman's motion to lay
upon the table can apply.
Mr. FLORENCE. As we have disposed of
the question, I suggest that we now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Of course, if it was the un-
derstanding: of the House that the remaining
amendments were concurred in, a motion to lay
upon the table is not now in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Such was not the under-
standing.
Mr. WINSLOW. I objected to it.
Mr. BRANCH. I now move that the last
amendment be laid upon the table. I ask that
the motion be entered. I do so in order to reserve
my privilege. When that amendment comes up
my object is to have a test vote on this bill. I
want that v^te to be taken, not now, but when
the House is full. I therefore want the motion
to lay upon the table to go over until to-morrow.
We ean this evening dispose of the remaining
amendments.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot consent to that, for
there is another special order which must be taken
up to-day, or it may lose the place to which it is
entitled.
Mr. BRANCH. If by my proposition I shall
be enabled to defeat the force bill, I shall be only
the more rejoiced. I do not wish to practice de-
ception upon any gentleman whatever. I call for
a separate vote on the last amendment of the Sen-
ate, intending when we reach it to move that it be
laid upon the table, with a view to get a test vote
on this bill When that motion is submitted, I
shall ask the House to postpone the subject until
to-morrow, or, in other words, I will move to ad-
journ, so that the majouty of the House may
carry it over until to-moriow, If the majority of
the House shall pursue a course which will defeat
the force bill in charge of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton*,] I shall be rejoiced. The
knowledge of that fact will, I hope, strengthen
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. Have the Senate amend-
ments been agreed to or not*
The SPEAKER. There has been a misappre-
hension on the subject.
Mr. PHELPS. Objection was made to con-
sidering the amendments en masse.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote on the one hundred and twentieth amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It is insisted that the amend-
ments be considered regulaily, and the Clerk will
begin reading where he left oft'.
Sixty-eighth and sixty-ninth amendments:
In the following stuke out what is inclosed 111 brackets.
'•Second On spool thieadof coitou, [containing fifty
yaids or less each, tent- pei dozen -{tool- ; containing
over fifty v.uds and not ovei one bundled \aid- each, -1
cents pei dozen spools; containing one huinhed yauUand
not over one hundred and filU yaids each, (> cents pei
dozen ^pooN ; containing over one hundred and fitly \ anh
and not ovei two hundred yaids each, 8 cents per dozen
spools , Proridcih That on all .-pool thread containing more
than two bundled yaid- to eaeh «pool theie >ha!l be levied,
collected, and paid, for fitly yaids of excels, or fractional
part theieof, 2 cents per dozen spools,] and after The word
" spool" m.-uit "and other" and inseit <k 3.) per centum ad
valorem;'* so that the bill will read:
Second. On spool and other thread, 30 per centum ad
valorem.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Seventieth and seventy-first amendments:
Insert arter the w 01 d " cotton.'* the words '• and cotton
velvet;5' and aftei the woid '• twenty," the word "five;"
so that the bill will read :
Third. On shirt* and diaweis, wove or made on fiamcs,
composed wholly of cotton and cotton velvet, 25 per cent-
um ad valorem. ' *
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Seventy-sccond amendment:
After " thirty,M insert " five so that the bill will react:
First. On unmanuiactured hemp,$35 per tan; on Ma-
nilla and other hemp of India, §15 per ton; on jute, Sisal
: grass, sun hemp, coir, and other vegetable substances not
enumerated, used foi cordage, $10 per ton.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-third and seventy-fourth amendments:
On jute butts, $5 per ton; on coir yam, 1 cent per
pound
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment;
Strike out in the following what inclosed In brackets :
"On seines, 6 cents per pound ; on cotton bagging, or any
other mauulacture not otherwise piovided for, suitable for
the uses to winch cotton bagging is applied, whether com-
posed in whole or in part of l«imp, jute, or flax,-or any
other material, [weighing not over one pound and a half
per square yard, or imported under tiie designation of gunny
cloth, or any other appellation, 2 cents per square yard;
weighing over one pound and a half per square yard, 9
cents per poundand insert in lieu of the words stricken
out, the following: "valued at less than 10 cents per
square yard, l£ cent per pound; over 10 cents per square
yard, 2 cents per pound."
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-sixth amendment:
On jute goods, 15 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
Stukc out " raw," and insert "in the gum;" so that the
bill will read:
First. On silk, in the gum, not more advanced in man-
ufacture than singles, tiam, and thrown or organzine, 15
per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
In^eit " button cloths;" so that the bill will lead:
On floss silks, 20 per centum ad valorem; on silk rib-
bons, galloons, braid-, fringes, laces, ta-sels, buttons, but-
ton cloths, trimmings,and on silk twUt, twist composed of
molmu and silk, sewing mIIc in the gum or purified, and all
i otlu l manufacture  ot silk, or of which silk shall be the
I component material or chief value, not otherwise provided
for, 30 pei centum ad valorem.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-ninth, eightieth, eighty-first, eighty-
second, and eighty-third amendments:
On page 28, line five and six, strike out " plate, rough
plate, crown, cylinder, and other window glass, not ex-
ceeding ten by twelve inches," and in lieu thereof in-
seit" rough plate, cylinder, or broad window-gls ss, not ex-
ceeding ten by fifteen niches;" in line nine, stuke out
" twelve by eighteen inches, 2 cents," and inseit "sixteen
by twenty-lour inches, 1Acent;" in line eleven, strike out
" thiee," and inseit " two ;" m line twelve, strike out
"four," and inseit" not exceeding in weightone pound per
scjuaie toot, three;" and in line seventeen, s>triKe out
" ptate, rough plate, crown," and insert" rough platet.o
that the bill will read:
Sec. 17. *-%ni! be it further enacted, That from and after
the, day and year aluicsaid thcio shall b*s levied, collected,
and paid on the impoiiation of the aitieleshereinntter men-
tioned the following duties, that is> to say: First On lough
ptate, cylinder, or broad window gla^, not exceeding ten
by fiitoen inches, 1 cent per square foot; above that, and
not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches, l-£ cent per
i square foot; above that, and not exceeding twenty-lour by
' thirty inches-, 2 cenU per bquare foot; all above that, and
not exceeding in weight one pound per squaie foot, 3 cents
per square foot: Provided, Thatall glass imported m sheets
or table?, without reteienec to size oi lorm, shall pay the
highest duty hcicm imposed: -Ind yroiided,furihci, That
all rough plate cylinder or bioad glass, weighing over one
hundred pounds pei one hundred square feet, shall pay an
additional duty oil the excess at the same uuc as herein
imposed.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Eighty-fourth amendment:
On crown, plate, or polished, and on all other window
gla^s not eveceding ten by fifteen inches, 1£ cent porsquare
foot; above that, and not exceedingsixteeu by twenty-four
inches, cents per square loot; above that, and not ex-
ceeding twenty-four by thirty inches, 4 cents per square
' foot; ail above that,5 cents per square foot: Provided,
j That all crown, plate, or polished, and all other window
! gla-ss neighing ovei one hundred and fifty pounds per one
I tmmhed squaie feet, shall pay an additional duty on such
excess of 4 cents per pound.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-fifth and eighty-sixth amendments:
In the following, strike out what is in brackets, and m
lieu theieof insert the word > in italics:
Sfc. 18. Jliid be it further cnacted. That from and after
the day and year aforesaid there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on the importation of the articles hereinafter
mentioned the following duties, that is to say : On books
[printed in the English language, or ol which the English
forms the text, bound or unbound, 15 cents? per pound ; and
on ail books printed in toieign languages, 8 cents per
pound;] periodicals and jlumyhletx and ull panted mailer
