THE CONGRESSIONA'L GLOBE.
February 25.
k&dHUustrated booJts-and papers, and onwatches and parts of
w&tch&s, and watch, materials} and unfinished fiarts of watches
W pe? centum ad valorem, ' ■
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yea&and nays on
thft amendments,-.
; The yeas and nays were ordered.
- The question was taken; and it was decided in
the'Affirmative—yeas"88, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Blair, Drayton,
jOouway^. WintjerJDavis,Delano, Duell,Dunn, Edwards.
Bitot; Ely, Famsworth, Florence, Prank, French, Gooch,
Grow, Hale, Hall, John T. Harris, Hoard, Hoiman, Wil-
Jiam;Ho\*'ard, Hughes, Hutchins, Junkin, Kcnyon, KUgore,
-K-ttUnger, DeWitt C. Lcaeh, Lee, Longnccker, Loomis,
Marston, Charles D. Martin, McKenty, McKnight, McPher-
8oar Allison? Millward, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Petut,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner,-Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Theaker,
■ Tompkins, Train, Verree, Wade, Walton, Ellihu B. Wabh-
burne, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—88.
-KAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Ashley,
Avery, Batr, Barret, Bmgham, Blake, Bocock, Brabson,
Branch, Brtggs, Bristow, Brown, Bureh, Burnett, John B.
Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, James Ciaig, Burton Ciaige,
John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundsori, Ferry, Gamett,
Gurley, Ilattou, Lai labee, Logan, Lovejoy, Maclay, Eihert
S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Nelson, Niblack,Pryor,
Quarles, Riggs, Ruttin, Sickles, Simms, William N. H.
Smith, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, White-
ley, Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright—52.
So the amendments were concurred in.
Eighty-seventh,eighty-eighth,and eighty-ninth
amendments:
In section nineteenth, which Imposes a duty of 10 per
cent, on certain specified articles, line nine, inseit " nine-:,
amber;" in hue thirteen inseit "anise seed;" lino fifteen
insert" asafcutida^"
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have been_ here sixand
a half hours at hard work, and I think it is time
we adjourned. I submit that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Ninetieth and ninety-first amendments:
tn, the same "section, line seventeen, strike out "ba-
nanas and in luie twenty-six strike out " bronze pow-
der."
The amendments were concurred in.
Ninety-second and ninety-third amendment:
Tn the waino section, lino twenty-eight, *tnko outu calo-
mel," and insert " cantharides;" and in line ninety-throe
strike out" caustic soda."
The amendments were concurred in
Ninety-fourth amendment:
In the same section, line flinty-six, sfnke out "dia-
monds, cauicos, mosaics, gems, pearls, mines, and other
precious stones, imitations thetoof, not set."
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-fifth amendment:
In the same section, line thirty-nine, insert" Dutch and
bronze metal in leal."
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-sixth, ninety-seventh, ninety-eighth,
and ninety-ninth amendments:
In the same section, line ninety-six, strike out " gam-
boge in line fifty-one, strike our' grindstones, wrought or
unfinished." and insqjf" gundstones, wi ought or finished;"
in line sixty insert " ipecacuanha;" and tn line sixty two
insert"jalap."
The amendments were concurred in.
One hundredth amendment:
In the same section, line sixty-six, strike out:
" Magazines, printed, pamphlets, penodical*, and illus-
tiated newspapers, bound or unbound, not otherwise pro-
vided for."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and first, one hundred and second,
one hundred and third, and one hundred and
fourth amendments:
In the same section, line eighty-four, strike out" pine
apples;" m jine eighty-live, stnke out plantains," and
insert " Peruvian barkin line eighty-eight strike out
" pumpkins;" and in line ninety strike out "redpiecipl-
tate," and insert "quicksilver."
The amendments were concurred in.
One hundred and fifth amendment:
In the i-ame section, line ninety-three, strike out, " sad-
dlery, coach and harness hardware, common, tinned, bur-
nished, or japanned."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and sixth amendment:
In the same section, strike out, "vermilion ; watches,
and partb oi watches; watch materials, and unfinished paits
of watches.."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and seventh, one hundred and
eighth, and one hundred and ninth amendments:
In section twenty, laying a duty of 20 per centum on cer-
tain articles, line fifteen, strike out" bronze powderin'
line eighteen, strike out," calomel;" and in line thirty-one,
strike out, "Dutch and bronze metal, m leaf."
The amendments were concurred in.
One hundred and tenth amendment:
Tn the same section, line forty-six, strike out, 44 hair
cloth, hair seating, and all other manufactures of hair, not
otheiwise provided lor."
The amendment was concurred in.
One~hundred and eleventh amendment:
In the same section, after the words, " leather, upper, of
all kinds," insert the words " except tanned calf-skin,
which shall pay 25 per centum, ad valorem,"
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twelfth amendment:
In the same section, line, sixty, strike out "Marble, in
the rough or block, unmanufactured, and not sawed,
squared, dressed, or polished."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirteenth amendment:
In the same section, strike out all between lines eighty-
two and eighty-seven, inclusive, as follows: " Paper hang-
ings, and paper for screens or fireboaids; paper antiquarian,
demy, diawmg, elephant, ioolscap, impeiial, letter, and all
other paper not otheiwise piovided ioi; periodicals, and
other woiks in course ot printing and republication in the
United States."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and fourteenth and one hundred
and fifteenth amendments:
In the same section, hue ninety, strike out "quicksil-
ver;" m line ninety-lour, mseit " red piecipitate."
The amendments were concurred in.
One hundred and sixteenth amendment:
Tn the same section, line ninety-seven, %-ike out " sad-
dleiy, coach and harness haidwaie, silver plated, biass,
brass plated, oi covered, not otherwise provided lor."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and seventeenth, one hundred
and eighteenth, and one hundred and nineteenth
amendments:
In the same section, line one bundled and seven, strike
out "blatos, roofing slates, and slate pencils ;" in line one
hundred and twenty two, stnke out " velvet, in the piece,
composed wholly of cotton ; velvet, in Hie piece, composed
of cotton and Mlk, but of which cotton is tins component
matonal of <jhief value;" and in line one hundred and
twenty-seven, mseit " vermilion."
The amendments were concurred in.
One hundred and twentieth amendment:
Insert the following new section :
Sec. 01. Jhidbcit further enacted, 7'hat from and after
the day and ycai afoicsatd, there sshall be levied, collected,
and paid on copper oip and diamonds, cameos, mosaics,
gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious stones, when not
&et,a'duty ot 0 pei centum ad valorem; silver or other metal,
and on imitations thcieof, and all other jewelry, 25 per
centum ad valorem; on hair cloth and hairseatings, and all
other manufactuies of hair, not otherwise provided tor, 25
per centum ad valorem.*
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask for a vote
upon that amendment by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers upon theamend-
ment; and appointed Mr. Spinner, and Mr. Har-
ris of Virginia.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 41.
The amendment was concurred in.
The one hundred and twenty-first amendment,
which changed the number of a section, was
agreed to.
One hundred and twenty-second amendment:
In section twenty-second, piovides a duty of 30 per cen-
tum on certain specific aiticies, line tbnty, strike out
"cameos,real and imitation, and mosaics, teal and imita-
tion, when set in gold, silvei, or other metal."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-third amendment:
In the same section, line fifty-one, insert:
Saddlery, coach and harness hardware, silver plated,
biass, brasft plated or covered, common tinned, burnished
oi japanned, not otherwise provided for.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty third and a half:
In the same section, line sixty-seven, strike out "dia-
monds, gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious stonps, and
imitations of precious stones, when set in gold, silver, or
other metal.
The amendment \fras concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-fourth amendment:
In the same scction, line ninety-five,strike out "jewelry,
real or imitation."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-fifth amendment:
In the same section, line one hundred and twenty-two,
strike out "manufactures of marble, maibie paving tiles,
and all marble sawed,' squared, dressed, or polished, or
more advanced than the rough block," and insert:
Marble in the rough, or block, manufactures of marble,
marble pavingtiles, and all maibie sawed, squared, dressed,
or polished.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-sixth amendment:
In the sauie section, line one hundred and forty-five, in-
sert:
Paper hangings, and paper for screens or fireboards;
paper, antiquarian, demy, drawing, elephant, foolscap, im-
perial letter, and all other paper not otherwise provided for.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have been in
session nearly seven hours, and I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
One hundred and twenty-seventh amendment:
In the same section, line one hundred and sixty-one,
strike out "slate chimney-pieces, mantels, slabs for tabids,
and all other manufactures of slate, not otheiwise provided
for," and insert:
Slates, roofing slates, slate pencils, slate chimney pieces,
mantels, slabs for tables, and all other manufactures of slate.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-eighth amendment:
In the same section, line one hundred and sixty-nine,
inseit: " unwiought clay, $3 per ton."
The amendment was concurred in.
The one hundred and twenty-ninth amendment,
which changed the number of a section, was
concurred in.
One hundred and thirtieth amendment:
Insection twenty-three, winch exempts ceitain specified
articles trom duty, line sixteen, insert " regalia."
The amendment was concurrcd in.
One hundred and thirty-first and one hundred
and thirty-second amendments:
In the same bcction, line eighteen,strike out " and" and
inseit " oi ;>5 line nineteen, strike oui"or literary" and
insert " Uturary or icligiou*," so that the clause shall read :
Paintings ai.d diawmgs, etchings, specimens of sculp-
ture, cabinets of coins, medals, regalia, gems, and all col-
lections of antiquities: Providcdy The same be specially
unpolled, m good faith, for the use of any society incorpo-
rated oi established for philosophical, literary, or religious
purposes, or established lor the eucourageme'nt of the fine
arts, or loi the we, or by the older, of any college, acad-
emy, school, or seminary of learning in the United States.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. Tmove that the House do now
adjourn. We have been here long enough. I
demand the yeas and nays upon the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William C.Anderson, Barr, Barret,Bo-
cock, Boteler, Biaaeh, Burnett, Horace F. Ciaik, John B.
Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, Burton Craige, John G Davis,
Edmundson,Garnett,Gilmer, John T.Harus, Hatton, Hoi-
man, William Howard., Kunkel, Logan, Charles D. Mar-
tin, Maynard, McClernand, Millson, Niblack, I'iselp-s,
Pryor, Q,uarles, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rust, Scort,
William N. II. Smith, Spauidmg, James A. Stewart,
Stokes, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, White-
ley, Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, Aldnch, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt. Beale, Blair, Blake,
Biabson, Brnjton, Buggs, Biiftow, Bufimton, Bnrch, Bur-
iimjame, Burnham, Campbell,Catey,Cairei.(;a«e, Co'bum,
Coltax, Conkhng, Conway, Convin, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwatds, ELot,
Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth* Fcnton, Fcn'y, Fiank, Freneh,
Gooch, Giuliani, Grow, GuHey, Hale, Hall, Helnnck.Hoaid,
William A. Howard, Ilutchins, Irvine, Junkm, Fiancis
W. Kellogu, William Kellogg, Kilgoie, Killmger, DeWitt
C. Leach, Lee, Longnccker, Loomis, Lovejov, Mamojj,
Elheit S. Mai tin,McKenty, McKnight. MeP'hei^on, Mont-
gomery, Moorhead, Moruli. Edward Joy Morns, Morse,
son, Nixon, Palmei, Peiry, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Rojce,
Scranton, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewait, Stratton, Tompkins, Tiam, Verree, Wade, WaJ-
dion, Walton, EUihu B. Washburne, Wells, Windom, and
Woodruff—98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH stated that Mr. Hughes had
been obliged to leave the Hall in consequence of
indisposition.
Mr. GRAHAM stated that Mr. Covobe had
paired off for the day with Mr. Brown.
One hundred and thirty-third amendment:
In lines twenty-three and twenty-four of the same sec-
tion, strike out " aloes, amber."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-fourth amendment:
In line twenty-nine of the same section, strike out
"aruse-sced."
The amendment was concurred in.
