242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
Harold, "to Hadrada, the giant, seven feet of
English ground, and if ho be as they say, a giant,
some few inches more:" and as he spake, the kali
rang with acclamation.
Sir, in that spirit 1 speak. I follow, at a hum-
ble distance, the ideas and the words of Clay,
illustrious, to be venerated, and honored, and
remembered forever. Upon this floor, in 1850,
he said, in reference to a threat of secession:
t4 Now, Mr. President, I si and heregLn my place, mean-
ing to he una wed by any threats, whwijer they come from
man, living or dwad, thai arms should raised against the
individuals or from States. X should deplore as much as any
authority of the Union, either by individuals or by States.
But, after all that lias occurred, if any one State, or a por-
tion of the people ol any State, choo&u to place themselves
in militaiy array agaitiht the Government of the Union,/
am for trying the strength of the Government, f am ior
ftsceitaimng whether we have a Governinentornot—prac-
tical, efficient, capable of maintaining its authority, and of
upholding the powers wid interest which belong to a Gov-
ernment. Nor, «ir, am j to be alarmed or dissuaded from
any such course by intimation1- ol the spilling ol blood. If
blood is to lie s pilled > A?/ whose fault is it! Upon the suppo-
sition i maintain, it will be the lauk of tho,o who choose
to raise tfie standaul ol diMinion, and endeavot to prostiate
this Government; and, sii, when that is done, so long as
it plea-e* God to give me a voice to express my  entuncnt-<,
or an aim, weak and enteebled as it may be by age, that
voice and that arm will be on the side ot my countrv lor
the suppoit of the general authoniy, and ior 'maintenance
of the powers of this Union."
He said, I say, that I will yield no inch, no
word, to the threat of secession,unconstitutional,
revolutionary, dangerous, unwise, at variance with
the heart and the hope of all mankind save them-
selves. To that I yield nothing; but if States
loyal to the Constitution, if people magnanimous
and just, desiring a return of fraternal feeling,
shall come to us and ask for peace, for permanent,
enduring peace and affection, and say, " What
will you grant?" I say to them, " Ask all ihat a
gentleman ought to propose; ami i will yield all
thai a gentleman ought to offer." Nay, moie: if
you are galled because we claim the right to pro-
hibit slavery in territory now free, or in any Ter-
ritory which acknowledges our jurisdiction, wo
will evade—1 speak hut for myself—I will aid in
evading that question; I will agree to make it all
States, and let the people decide at once. I will
agree to place them in that condition where the
prohibition of slavery will never be necessary to
justify ourselves to ourconscieneesor to ourcon-
stituents. 1 will agree to anYthing which is not
to force upon me the neei-ssity of protecting sla-
very in the name of fieedom. To that 1 never
can nud never will yield.
Now, Mr. PreMiient, 1 trust 1 say that in no
spirit of unkindness. My fnend fiom Louisiana,
m his count—his hypothetical count—against us,
supposes a case. 11says: 14 If yoti were to le-
fusu South Carolina her t wo Senator.slnps; if you
were to aliow her but one Senatoi, what then?
Revolution." lie says: "What if a norUn-in
President just elected ahouldcome in and <;iveaU
the offices lo noithrin men, eating out the sub-
stance of us of the South, what then Wei!, 1
answer to that: " Wait, and do not dissolve the
Union upon a hypothesis." 1 might lei! my fnend
from Louisiana that, after all, this thing of not
having office is not so very hard to bear. We
Whigs tried it a long time; we. Republicans have
experienced it very often. 1 have been for nearly
thuty yeais a man, and have never been able ex-
cept for a very, very few months, dming all that
time, to have my slightest wish as to the General
Government gratified, even to the appointment of
a tide-waiter. I have been, so far as the alfairs of
the General Government are concerned, as thor-
oughly disfranchised as if 1 were a Chinese or a
Hottentot. What little of position or of place I
have acquired, has been by the generous confi-
dence of my own State; but I ha\e been tabooed
—not I alone, but we Whigs, we Republicans,
have been tabooed by the General Government,
I will not say vindictively, but, 1 will certainly
say, uniformly. It is not so bad to take as you
might suppose; it is nothing when you got used
to it. [Laughter.] We have not proposed to
dissolve the Union for that. Sir. we have never
allowed the flame of our loyalty for one moment
to fade because that was so. We have loved the
Union all the better the worse we were governed
in it, and we will continue to do so when we are
beaten, as we shall sometimes be to the end of the
chaptei.
I ask the distinguished gentleman from Louis-
iana, doe* it not look—I will not say that it is
that way—but does it not look as if you cannot
bear the mortification of a little defeat ? You have
had all the offices, all the honors—the President
on his throne, the dignity of this Chamber, the
power of the House of Representatives, the acqui-
escence of the Supreme Court, a long array of for-
eign ministers, Cabinet officeis—everything that
can grace your state and form your procession;
and most of you have had them ever since you
were children; and now, when, according to the
will of the people,constitutionally expressed, you
are likely to lose one branch of the Government
for a brief season, and as many of you believe
even if you remain with us but for a very brief
season, you propose to dissolve this Government
and inaugurate civil war. Why, sir, as the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son'] has said so well, m a speech in which there
are so many things with which I agree, that I
grieve there should be so many others in which
I cannot agree—a speech Jaeksoiuan m its tone,
often Wohsterian in us argument—as he has said,
and well said, even m the case of the X^esident,
what can hedo without you; you have amajoiity
upon this floor; you can chock him in his power
ofappomtment; you can compel him to select good
men. Will lie touch slavery; will his Cabinet;
will you let him? Who is to be hurt? A gen-
tleman from Georgia said the other day that the
Federal Government might comply with all the
requisitions of the Constitution, and yet in ten
years slavery cease, to exist. How ?
[At this point, a chair occupied by Mr. Mason
in the area in front of the Secretary's desk, owing
to the frail condition of its supporters, gave way.
precipitating its occupant to the floor.]
The incident before me, Mr. X5residi nt, is not
the only case where a fall will succeed dissolu-
tion. [Laughtei.]
Sir, lam loth to believe that gentlemen are really
in earnest in supposing, in the case before me, in
believing that if men will not serve m the South,
and they are appointed from the INorth because
you will not servo theie, that is cause of sepata-
(ion. When we were engaged ten yeais ago, as
1 left this coast, m compromise, as some people
say we ate now, 1 heaid somebody say, " Oil,
never mind, never nmid; only give me atoll of a
dollar apiece on all men of the South who will
come over the Potomac to get office, and I would
be a rich man." 1 admit the sentiment is very
different now in some of the southern States, per-
haps in all. 1 will say another thing: the senti-
ment to hold office now amon^ loyal men at the
' South is not for the mere sake of ofliee; it is a
i higher hope and a holier purpose; they come now,
| \\ lu-n they do come, or as they shall come, for the
J Union, for good government, for constitutional
j government, for peaeo, for ghny,and foi the nn-
moital nMiown of their country. Amid nil the
j threat •; of dissolution, amid all ! he croaking and
pi edict io ns ofovjI , when tht  geu'lonvir gels up in-
flamed by i he momentai y inspiration,and declares
that there will be civil war, and when, while with
one bieath be says theie will be cud war, in the
next as ho concludes, m an expression full of pa-
thos, he .says, " Let us depart in peace," " crying
peace, peace, when there is no peace'1—amid nil
tins, I have great faith yet in the loyalty of the
people of the South to the Union- I see around me
to-day, on evt.ry hand, that the clouds are break-
ing away. I have great—I had well nn:h said
unshaken —confidence m n^hf, in truth, and in
duly. I see men of every shade of opinion upon
other subjects, agreeing in this one thina: that in
secession there is danger and death. 1 see from
kk Old Chippewa,1' from General \Vool,lroin men
of their hi^h character, of thcirgreat age, of their
proud career, of their enlarged patitoHxm, down
to the lower ranks of men who love the countrv
and veneiate the Constitution—I see and 1 hear
j ovciywhere < xproseions that even yet fill the pa-
j triot heart with hope; and 1 am not without hope
I that, when there is delay, when time is allowed
t to the feverish sentiment to subside nnd for re-
I tnrnmc: reason to lesume its place, irusn d to the
poop!" of tins who!" Union, the Consutntion/of
< the Union will lemam safe, unshaken lore/n':
: yes, sir, until, /
i '• Wiapt m liie woilds of ethor glow.
( Aud ih uc<.'u\-. la-t thui.de>! :>)inke-, tlie woiid l>ckuv."
| Sir, as I approach a close, I am icnnnded that
i the honorable Senator fiom Louisiana has said,
i in a tone which I by no moans admired, "Now.
gentlemen of the North, a State has seceded; you
must either acknowledge her independence, or
you mustmake war." To that we reply: we will
take no counsel of our opponents; we will not
acknowledge her independence. They say we
cannot make war against the State; and the gen-
tleman undertakes to ridicule the distinction which
wo make between a State and individuals. Sir,
it was a distinction that Mr. Madison well under-
stood; it was a distinction that General Jackson
was very well determined to recognize; it was the
distinction which was made m the whole argu-
ment when the Constitution was formed; and I
may say here and now, that all the arguments
adduced by the gentleman from Elliot's Debates
on the subject of the formation of the Constitu-
tion, were arguments addressed against the pro-
priety or wisdom of giving, under the old patclied~
up Confederation, power to the Government to
compel States, because they could not; they did
not dare to do it, for they did not choose to con-
found the innocent with the guilty, and make war
on some portion of unoffending people because
others were guilty; and therefore, among other
reasons, the new Government was formed a Union,
"a more peifect Union," by one people. That
is the answer to the whole argument.
Now, sir, let us examine for a minute this idea
that we cannot make war. First, we do not pro-
pose to do it. Docs any gentleman on this side
of the Chamber propose to declare war against
South Carolina? Did you ever hoar us suggest
such a thing? You talk to us about coercion;
many of you talk to us as if you desired us to
attempt it. It would not be very strange if a Gov-
ernment, and hitherto a gteat Government, were
to coerce obedience to her law upon the part of
those who were sub"|oct to her jurisdiction. No
great cause 6f complaint in that, certainly. " But,"
says the gentleman, "these persons offending
against your law are a sovereign State; you can-
not make war upon her;" and, folio wins: out with
the acutencss of a lawyer what he supposes to be
the modus operandi, he asks: " What will you do if
you will not acknowledge her independence, and
} ou do not make war; how will you collect your
revenue?" And he goea onto show very conclu-
sively, to his own mind, that we cannot. He
shows us how a skillful la wyer, step by step, will
interpose exception, motion, demurrer, rejoinder,
and surrejoinder, from the beginning to the end
of the legal chapter: and he says, with an air of
triumph, which i thought did not well become a
gentleman that is yet (may he remain so always)
a Senator from a sovereign State, upon the floor
ot this Chamber; he says, with an air of triumph:
" It is nonsense; you cannot do it; you will not
acknowledge hei; you will not declare war; you
cannot collect your revenue." Sir, if that is the
case to-day, it has been so for seventy years; wc
have been at the mercy of anybody and every-
body who might choose to flout us. Js that true?
Aie we a Government? Have we power to exe-
cute our laws ? The gentleman threatens us with
the consequences; and he says if we attempt it,
there will be all sorts of legal delays interposed,
and when that is done, then: will" be a mob-, a
<;ieat Government will be kicked out of existence
by the tumultuous and vulgar feet of a mob, and
he seenw to rejoice at it. If we do not do it, he
says, «' Why do you not ad vance ?" 1 To puts me
somewhat m mtnd of the lawyer—and belonging
to that honorable profession myself, he will par-
don me for alluding to it—ui the play of London
Assurance, j think, who i^ets into a controversy
with Cool, insults him, and says, when Cool
does not kick him, that "he is a low, underbicd
fellow; lie cannot afford the luxury of kicking
me: he knows he would have to pay for it."
[Laughter.] Why, Mr. X'resident, against the
legal objections to collecting the revenue in a case
where South Carolina revolts, and individuals
refuse to pay duties, Against the lawyership of
my fiiend from Louisiana, I will put another
lawyer, General Jackson, a man of whom Mr.
Webster said, that wh--n he put his foot out he
never took it back: and if the gentleman wants a
solution of the difficulties as to the manner in
which the revenue is to be collected near the sov-
eieign State of South Carolina, when phc is in a
condition of revolt or revolution, i will show him
what General Jackson thought, and ordered to
be done, when South Carolina revolted once be-
fore. I will read, or my distinguished friend,
