244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
House reported in the Globe, that Mi'-Vandevek,
was yesterday absent from the House in conse-
quence of the dca'h of one of his children; and
his absence from the House to-day will be ex-
plained by the same fact.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As to-morrow is set apart
as a day fasting, I will move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to rcconsidev the vote by
which the motion was agreed to;and also moved
to lay tin* motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE TOBACCO TRA.DK.
Mr. ClUARLES. I desire to offera resolution,
and have it adopted by the House. If objection
be made, I suppose it'mustgo to the Committee
on Printing. I offer the following:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the report
of the select committee on the tobacco trade between tho
United .States and foreign countries bo printed for the use
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
resolution must go the Committee on Printing.
Mr. Q,UARLES. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to adopt the resolution at this
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. The unanimous consent of
the House could not adopt the resolution without
reference to the Committee on Printing, as the
law provides.
The SPEAKER. Itmustgo to the Committee
on Priming.
The resolution was accordingly referred.
WEST POINT MILITARY COMMISSION.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was rend, and, under the law, referred to tho
Committee on Printing:
Rcsolrcd, That five thousand extra copies of the repmt
oft lie West Point Military Academy Commission be punted
for the use of the [louse of Representatives and that five
hundred be placed at the di-po-til of the War Dep.u tmcnt,
and that members of the commission have the Jsaine num-
ber as a member of the House.
ASIITABULA CRISIS MEETING.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to present the pro-
ceedings of a public meeting held at Ashtabula,
Ohio, and to move that they bo referred to the
select committee of thirty-three.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and they will be referred accordingly.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Before I can give
my individual consent that those proceedings
shall take that reference, 1 should like to hear
what prospect there is of our receiving a report
from the select committee of thirty-three.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the com-
mittee is not present.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The whole coun-
try is waning to hear what report that committee
will make. 1 am against referring anything more
to that committee, which seems to have become
a universal grave for the reception of all the diffi-
culties of all the people of all of the United States.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORSE. I ask that the resolution I send
up to the Clerk's desk be read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask that the pro-
ceedings presented by the gentleman from Ohio
be read I want to know what they are.
The SPEAKER. The proceedings have been
already referred, and it is now too late to make
objection, or to ask for their reading.
ORDNANCE AT WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to this iiou^e the report of the superin-
tendent o! ordnance at the Washington navy-yard on rifled
cannon and the armament of ship^-of-war,"
There was no objection, and the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. MORSE. I also ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leaye to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution. It will, of course, go to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there he printed for theu«e of the House
of Representatives twenty-live hundred copies ofthe report
from the Executive Departments on thesubjeetof the Afri-
.an slave trade, sent in in answer to the resolution of this
House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must object to the res-
olution.
Mr. MORSE. I hope not. It will go to the
Committee on Printing for its report.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I insist on my objection.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
received, objection being made.
ASHTABULA CRISIS MEETING—AGAIN.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
proceedings of a meeting held at Ashtabula, in
Ohio, were referred to the seicct committee of
thirty-three. They ought to have been read, be-
fore they were referred. When they are read, I
am satisfied that the other side of the House will
oppose their reference as much as any on this
side.
Mi*. HOUSTON". Call for the reading of the
resolutions.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for the reading of the
resolutions.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the tabic.
Mr. CLEMENS. Let the proceedings be read.
Tho proceedings were read, as follows:
County Meeting.
The Republicans ofthe county assembled in considerable
number at Jefferson on Monday last, and after organization,
by call mg Abel Kium,Esq., to the chair, and electing Judge
1'a.isons and A. II. Watkius vice presidents, and W. C
Jlovvells and J. N. Wight, secietaues, soleeted the follow-
ing gentlemen as a committee on reflations, to wit:
Abnei Kellogg, Samuel Hayward, C. Simomi-, Henry
Kriiin, J. D. Hulbert, Ed. A. Wright, and Albe Coleman.
During the absence of the committee, the meeting was
addiessed by D. Cadwell, Rev. L. H. Beach of An-
dovct, ami lion. J. U. Gtdding-..
The committee on i evolutions then submitted the follow-
ing; which, attei some diveusMon, v eie adopted
The Kcpubheans ot Ashtabula county in convention as-
sembled, deem it piopcr to e\pies-. their view.-, upon the
present condition oi this Government, and the questions
now cianmngthe attention ot eveiy American citizen, and
of all the civil,zed nations ofthe eaith : Theieiore,
Resolved, That while we dcpiecate the acts and threats
of secession and disunion, as well as the bitterness and
haued manifested by the people ofthe slave States towaid
tho fiee States, we assert, with entire confidence, that they
are not justified by any act of ours, noi by any act or pun-
ciple ofthe Republican paity.
£. That the declaianon ot principles contained iti tho
Chicago platiorm embodies the true principle* of all legiti-
mate Governments and the piinciplos upon which out
Fedeial Union was founded, and th.it any surreridei or com-
promise of those ptmeiples on ihepnit of th" North, or or
the Republican p.uty, would be a surrender of tiuth to
tal^ehood, ot right to wiong, and a disgrace to ourselves
and our posterity.
3. That in the recent nomination and election of Abia-
ham Lincoln and Hannibal llamlm, the Republican party
have but exeiened the right? which are guaiautied to free-
men under the Constitution, and tor the exercise of Mich
i ights they can make no apology, and a-k no absolution.
'1. That while we pledge oui&ehes to faithtullj pieseive
the Con-titution m h tfer and vpirit. \\ e hereby declare oni
d< liberate and settled determination to re-a-t to the utmost
ot our moral and political power all attempt-, come from
whatevej soince they may, to m:ike anj tuitlici eompio-
uikoj with oi eonee-sjoiiss to slavery
5. That while we see innocent men Miot down upon the
soil of our free States, baibatou<ly muidered in the pies-
cnee ot out people, under the luu'itive slave act, woiegaid
with abhonencc and scorn noithein men who express a
wdlingncvs to intensify these baibauties, to induce slave-
holders to save the Union.
(> That it is the dutv of the Government to piotect the
public piopeity, and resist, with stiong aim, the aggie.-s-
MOib of the lebels at Chail.ston ; and that the course pur-
sued b> Pies,dent Buchanan betiajs eithet cowaulice and
imbecility oi dehbciate tteason to the Government; and
that Geneial Ca-s, by separating hnnselt fiorn the Admin-
istration, and let using to paiueipate in it* cuminal delays,
ha, -how n hunselt a pan iot.
7. That the speech delivered in the Senate of the Fmted
States on the ITlh instant by Hon J}. F. Wade receives
our unqualified nppioval, and' icpre*cnt  truly the Icelings
ot the people ofthe Noith in the pie^ent ctims. With lnm
we icpeat, '■•the day of compiomi-es is past."
8. That j^enatoi Hale, ot New Ilamp-hue, and Repre-
sentatives Ilutchins and Bingham, fiom our State, merit,
and we hereby tender to them, our thanks fot then prompt
and ready action in the maintenance of our puncipies in
the piesent session of Congiess.
9. That these pioeeedmgs be published m the county
papers and the Ohio State Journal, and that a copy of the
proceedings be foiwarded to lion. B. T Wade and our
Representative m Congress, with a request that they bo
presented to their ie«prtctive HousCa
The meeting then aujounied sine dm,
A. KRUM, Chairman.
W. C Ho WELLS *
J. N. Wight,
Secretaries,
Mr. COX. I am in favor of the reconsidera-
tion asked for by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Is the motion to lay upon
the table debatable? If it is not, I object to my
colleague making a speech.
Mr. COX. 1 can speak to the reconsideration
of the reference of the proceedings which were
presented by my colleague.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I have moved to lay that
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. COX. I have tlie floor for the present. I
do not propose to detain the House very long.
Those resolutions ought to be characterized as
they deserve. When they go to the select com-
mittee of thirty-three, that committee ought to
understand what is the source from whence they
emanate. They are conceived in hypocrisy, and
they are hatched in disunion. They springfrom
that very spirit and class, which, in connection
with southern extremists, have, by law-breaking
and nullification, brought about the peril which
this committee is trying to avert.
Air. HUTCHINS. 1 call the gentleman to
order. The motion to lay upon the table is not
debatable.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair has received the
motion to lay upon the table, and debate is not
now in order.
Mr. COX. Did the Chair receive that motion
before I rose ?
The SPEAKER. It was received in time, and
is now pending.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay upon the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
"VYTTIID11AWAL OF AN APPEAL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a Question of priv-
ilege. I withdraw the appeal which I took yes-
terday from the decision of the Speaker. I will
state, at the same time, that my opinion as to
tho correctness of the Speaker's decision has not
changed; but, rather than embarrass so import-
ant a proposition ay that of my friend from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Howard,] I consent to withdraw my
appeal.
ASHTABULA CRISIS MEETING AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to lay upon the table the motion to re-
consider the vote by which certain proceedings
were referred to the select committee of thirty-
three.
Tho question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adiain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brav-
ton, Bufiinton, Btirhngame, Burnham, Campbell, Carey,
Carter, Case, Colnnn, Colfax, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Diiell, Edgerton, Edwaidf, Eliot, Ely, Ethcridge, Farns-
woifh, Fe.nton, Fovter, Frank, Fiench, Gooeh, Giow,
Gurley, Hale, iiapKin, Ileimtck, Hickman, Hindman,
Hoard, William A. Howaid, Humphrey. Ilutehins, lrvuie,
Junkin, Fianci W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lonanecker, Loomi-., Lovcjoy,
Mar-ton, Charles I). Martin, McKean. MePherson, Moor-
head, Edward Joy Morn*, Morse, Oliti, Palmer, Perrv,
I'ettit, Porter, Pott!'', Cdvvm It. Reynolds, Royee, Sedg-
wick, Sheunan, Hpatddnnr, fcpinnei, Steven>, Tappan,
Thayer, Tiain, Trimble, Venee, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Cadivalader C. Wa?hhmn, Ellihu B. Wauhburne, Wells,
and Wilson—8!}.
NAYS—Messis. Green Adams, William C. Anderson,
Aveiy, Baik-dale, Bauvt. l>ote|.-r, Bianeh. Bi igir-, Buich,
John B. Clark, Clenr'n-s Cobb, Co.\, Jaine-s Ciaig. Craw-
lord, John (j«. Davi->, itenben Davis. Florence, Fouke, Gar-
ni tt, GnitteM, Oifmei, Haideman, J. Moru^on ffarris.John
T. Harris, Hatton. Hill, Unlman, Houston, William How-
ard, Hughe-?, Jotie-^, Kunkel, .lames M Leach, Leake,
Logan, Love, Maclav. Malloiv, F'bert S. Martin, May-
nard, McClernand. McKcnty, Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham
Mooie, NibKiek, Noel), Peiidb-fon, Peyton, Piyoi, Pugh,
Ctnailes, Rigi s, James C Robinson, Scott, aiming Steven-
son, Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Webster, Wlnteley, Wins-
low, Woodson, and Wnght—6a.
So the motion was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. THOMAS stated that Mr. CiiAiG,of North
Carolina, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. HINDMAN said: Mr. Speaker, this com-
mittee of thiity-thiee was raised to consider all
propositions, from all paits of the country. The
resolutions introduced by the member from Ohio
are propositions fiom a part of his constituents.
As such, let them go the committee.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rufflv,^.vas confined to his room by illness.
Mr. ALLEN said: Mr. Speaker, as all matters
bearing upon the subject of the present state of
