1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the country have thus far been referred to the
committee of thirty-three, I vote " ay."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of questions in respect to
the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I have been sick
evei since tins day was set apart for the consid-
erationofthebusinessof the District of Columbia,
and have, therefore, been unable to call the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia together. So
far as I am concerned, I am unprepared for the
consideration of that business to-day. I move,
then, that its further consideration bo postponed
until Tuesday next, and made the special order
for that day.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to that.
Mr. CARTER. I modify my motion, so as to
make it next Thursday.
Mr. HUGHES. There are several bills before
the House that do not require for our action a
meeting of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. 1 will remind the House that last year the
9th of May was assigned for the transaction of
the business of this District. On that day there
were two or three bills under consideration; but
there was no final action taken on them. The
committee rose pending an important bill; and
there is no reason why the House should not now
go on with that measure. There are also several
bills which have been reported from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. The railroad
oill, to which I refer, was left in the committee
oy the committee rising to permit the announce-
ment of a member's death. I do not see why we
should not at once go on with the special order
set apart for this day.
Mr. HARRIS,ofMaryland. Iftherebenospc-
cial order for next Thursday, and the whole day
cannot be given to the business of the District of
Columbia, 1 am satisfied. There is one bill in
which my constituents feela deep interest, and in
which my colleague feels some general interest.
That bill cannot be well taken up to-day, and I
hope that the business will go over, according to
the suggestion of the chairman of the committee,
until next Thursday. I think it will accommo-
date the views of my friend.
Mr. HUGHES. Itdoesnotaccommodate me;
I am prepared to go on with the discussion oi
this busin 'ss. When we have disposed of the
bill before the committee, the House can then post-
pone this District of Columbia business to any
day it pleases. The bill is one in which my con-
stituents are deeply interested.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. What is the bill?
Mr. HUGHES. The city railway bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Has the Committee of
Ways and Means any business to present?
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to-day to have ac-
tion on the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I want to go to the bill I hav^
referred to. When that is disposed of, I am will-
ing to go to any other business.
The question was taken; and Mr. Carte
motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES JUDGES IN OHIO.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is House bill No. 335, to fix the salaries of the
judges of the district courts of the State of Onto,
The bill was reported back from the Committee
on the Judiciary with two amendments. The
pending motion is a motion to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table, made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Morris.]
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
First amendment:
In the first section of the bill, insert the words " Ken-
tucky and Indiana;" &o that it will read:
That the salaries nf the judges of the district courts of
the United States within and for tile districts ol the btates
ot Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana, shall be, and the same are
hereby, fixed at the rate of $3,500 per annum, from and
after the passago of this act.
Second amendment:
Amend the second section, so as to make it read as fol-
'Tc. 2. JInd licit further enacted, That said judges re-
spectively 111 the State of Ohio, be, and they are hereby,
authmized and required to hold special terms of then
respective courts at least once each year at Toledo, in the
northern district ot said State, and at Columbus, in the
southern district of sard State, in to tiio^_ular
terms which now arte or hurt'ai'.er may t-e tisquireti saw;
and that the tirneofholdi:i"snids|iecial terms atToledo and
Columbus, respectively, shall be fixed by the judges nf said
respective district-, who shall give notice of the tim  of
holdins the same at loa-t two months piecedmg the com-
mencement of Mich special teml. bv publication in at least
two newspaper published and oi general cnculation within
said dlstnct.-.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I made the motion
to lay the bill and the amendments upon the table
because I thought it was an inopportune time to
press the passage of the bill. With the view,
however, to give the friends of the bill an oppor-
tunity now to have a vote upon the measure, I
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SIMMS. If the House will indulge me a
moment, 1 desire to make an additional statement
in reference to the amendment I proposed to tliis
bill. I will not detain the House five minutes.
During the last session of Congress an act was
passed requiring the district judge of the State
of Kentucky to hold three additional courts in
that State. Under that act he is compelled to hold
terms of that court at the town of Pnducah, three
hundred miles from Frankfort, where the courts
were formerly held; also two terms of the court
at Louisville, sixty miles distant from Frankfort;
and also two terms at Covington, one hundred
and twenty miles from Fiankfort. lie is com-
pelled to tiavel to each of these points three or
four times during the year, which will make the
actual distance he is compelled to travel under the
provisions of the act of the last Congress, two
thousand miles. For his services as district judge
he receives a salary of £2,500 per annum. The
duties of his office have been increased; he is re-
quired to hold more terms of his court, and to
travel an additional distance of two thousand
miles; and my proposition is to increase his sal-
ary from $2,500 to $3,500, equal to that proposed
for the judges of the State of Ohio, who perform
similar services. My object is not, as I have be-
fore stated, to prevent the passage of this bill, or
to prejudice its consideration before the House.
I believe the bill ought to pass. While I would
accord this justice to the judges of the State of
Ohio, who have high and responsible duties to
perform, I think it only justice to the district
judge of Kentucky, considering the duties which
'devolve upon him by virtue, of the office ho fills,
that his salary should be raised to $3,500. If you
increase the salary of the judge of Kentucky from
$2,500 a year, which ho lias heretofore received,
to 4,3,500, and deduct from that the actual expense
of the additional travel he is compelled to perform
by virtue of the act of last Congress, you will not
leave him more than the §2,500, which he has
heretofore received.
I desired to make this statement before the prop-
osition is voted upon; and I hope the bill will be
amended according to the proposition I have sub-
mitted, and then that it will be passed by the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state that the
salary intended to bo provided by this bill for the
district judges of the State of Ohio, is the same
that is now paid by law to the district judge for
the northern district of Illinois; is $500 more than
the amount paid by law to the district judge of
Wisconsin; and is the same as that paid by law
to the United States judge for the District of Co-
lumbia.
I desire to say further, that, so far as I am ad-
vised, there is no district judge west of the Alle-
ghany mountains who sits as many days in court,
and who conducts as many jury trials every year,
as the several district judges of the State of Ohio.
If there is any propriety, therefore, in the present
compensation allowed to judges in Wisconsin, in
the northern district of Illinois, and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to other judges 1 might
specify, it is proper to give the same compensa-
tion to the judges in the State of Ohio. I am very
conversant with the business before the district
courts of Ohio; and, as my colleague, [Mr. Cox,]
when the bill was before the House before, made
a statement ill reference to the business of the
district court of the southern district of Ohio, I
will present here a statement in reference to the
northern district of Ohio. In 1857, there were
two hundred and forty-seven days of actual at-
tendance in court for business. In 1858, there
were two hundred and one days of actual attend-
ance in court. A grand jury was in attendance
on court one hundred anu sevcniy-nine days in
1857, and one hundred and fifty-oneduys in 1858.
If the salary of the judges of these courts is to
be regulated, as my colleague [Mr. Stanton]
thinks they should be, by the salaries of the judges
of the courts of common pleas of Ohio, then this
bill will be voted down.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the gentleman
to say that the judge of the northern district of
Ohio, held court two hundred and forty-seven
days in 1857, and received a salary of $2,509—
ten dollars a day. Now, I ask the gentleman if
a judge's labor is worth more than his is?
Mr. DINGHAM. I mightanswer the gentle-
man by putting the same question to him; but I
shall not allow my colleague to avail himself of
that sort of an argument, for lie does not give
that number of days to the public service. He
gives but ninety days this year to the country,
and the rest of the time he is devoting to law prac-
tice for his own benefit. That is my answer to
that question.
The judges who discharge with fidelity and
ability the duties of these respective courts of the
State of Ohio,are generally gentlemen who do not
agree with me politically; and therefore I have
only to say here, that the State of Ohio is entitled
to the. same consideiation at the hands of the Fed-
eral legislation in her courts as is given to any
State west of the Alleghanies. I have made these
remarks for the information of the House. 1 ask
for nothing for these judges which is not already
given to other judges whose services are not so
onerous. I only ask that they be put upon an
equal footing with the judgesof the northern dis-
trict of Illinois and of the District of Columbia.
I leave it to the House, theiefore, to determine
whether the bill as reported by the committee
ought not to pass.
Mr. SIMMS I have taken some trouble to
estimate the salaries of the judgesof the different
States and districts. Virginia has two judges,
two districts, atn. salary of §2,500 between them;
South Carolina has one judge at a salary of $2,750;
Georgia one judge, one court, salary $2,'750; Flor-
ida two judges and two districts—northern dis-
trict, salary $2,250; southern district, salary
$3,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will par-
don me for a moment, I undertake to say that
each one of the district judges in Ohio sits more
days in the year than both the judges of "Virginia
sit.
Mr. SIMMS. I admit all that the gentleman
says; and I contend that the salaries ought to be
arranged in proportion to the duties discharged.^
Alabama has one judge who holds two terms of
the court, salary $2',750; Louisiana has two judges
and two courts, salary $6,000 between them; Ten-
nessee has two courts and two judges, salary
#5,000 between them; Missouri has two courts
and two judges, salary $5,000 between them; Ohio
two judges and two courts, salary $5,000 between
them; Indiana, one of the largest of the north-
western States, has one judge and one court, sal-
ary only $2,500; Illinois two judges and two
courts, salary $5,000 between them; Kentucky
has one judge, who is now compelled by law to
hold four courts at different localities m the State,
ten terms of the court in all, each to be at least
two weeks, and may be more, and he receives a
salary of only $2,500 a year.
Mr. EDGERTON. Before that bill is voted
on, I wish to say a few words in relation to it. I
know that the argument is always used, in cases
of this kind, that some other officerreceivesgreater
compensation, and that, therefore, the compensa-
tion should be made equal. I believe that officers
of the United States Government are generally
paid too much; and 1 believe that if any class of
United States officers are paid too much, it is the
judges of the United States district courts.
Now, 1 know something of this court of the
northern district of Ohio. I know that the work
performed by that court is not arduous work. I
know that that court performs during the year
but very little labor comparatively. 1 know that
they meet frequently, but they sit only a few
hours during the day; and I can say that the courts
i of common pleas s.t more hours during the day
} in almost every county in northern Ohio than th.s
court of the northern district ot Ohio sit more
| hours during the ye&r 1 and porfcu'in iftoyf; layor,
