1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution may be read the third time to-day.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE subsequently moved to reconsider
the vote on the passage of the resolution; and, it
having; gone out of the possession of the Senate,
a message was ordered to be sent to the House of
Representatives icquesting its return.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
President of the United States had approved and
signed, on the 21st instant, the following bills and
joint resolution:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) giving the
assent of Congress to certain acts passed or to be
passed by the Legislatures of the States of Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or any two ot them,
in relation to the "raft" of Red liver, and for
other purposes; and
An act (II. R. No. 914) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863.
And on the 23d instant:
An act (H. It. No. 400) for the relief of James
Floyd;
An act (H. It- No. 514) for the relief of Samuel
S. Green;
An act (H. R. No. G25) for the relief of Captain
Alexander V. Fraser;
An act (B. R. No. G78) for the relief of Samuel
Perry; and
An act (H. R, No. 996) for the relief of Azel
Spalding.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SEWARD piesented the credentials of
Hon. Ira Harris, elected a Senator by the Le-
gislature of the Slate of New York, for the term
of six years commencing on the 4th day of March,
1801; winch were read, and ordered to be filed.
OREGON WAR DEBT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order was laid aside informally. It is the duty
of the Chair to call it up; being Senate bill No.
11, to provide for the payment of the expenses
incurred by the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington m the suppression of Indian hostilities
therein in the years 1855 and 1856; which has
been returned from the House of Representatives
with an amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of the House
of Representatives; which was, to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and insert the
following:
Tli.it Hie following sums, or so much thereof as may bo
nece-baiy, be, and the> are hereby, appropriated, out oi
an\ money m the Treasui\ not otheiww, uppiopiiated, to
deh ay the expenses incuued i  the '1 en Hours ol Wash-
ington and Oiojjun in tee suppression of Indian hostilities
therein in the \ear-> and For the payment ol
volunteer, embiactng the fir-U second, and ninth Oie«on
regiments, and the thice c onipanu^ <>1 minute men, \o-.
6i)~ 013 and £>}. :i?id the fii>t and second Washington regi-
ment- ai.d piomi-cuous companies including the compa-
nies in Captan, Suonaand Captain llajs,£?jT>,:n9 <3, alter
deducting ^toppaijef- as ju-ceitamed by the lluid Anditni of
the Tieu>utv iu"lns repoit of the 7ih ol Febiuurv, i860,
made in pursuance of a resolution of the House oi Repie-
seiitutiver- pasj-ed the8th ol February. 1 f,">0: -a.d claims to
be examined and audited hv the Thud Audttoi ol the Treas-
ury. who shall allow to said volunteers the same piy and
allowances as were paid to oiheeis and soldiers ot equal
grade nt that peuod n> the United Slates Army -.csvin^ in
that country: J'tovulcd, That payment shall only Iv made
to such of the above-named companies a> '•hall he shown
bv satisfaetoiy piool to have been emjajjed m actual be^-
vice in the hold im the peuod and m the maimer claimed.
Fortne pavment of claims tor service, supplier nan -port-
ation. &e. .*iueuiied in the maintenance oi -am volunteer-,
j$^,2.')0.000, to be paid upon the p-inciple ard airieeablv t->
the idles lor sin vices, supplies, tt aiiv.m! tut ion, tic., allowed
and icported bv the Thud Auditor ot the 'J'seiMii\ m hi-
alore-aid tepoit of the Till oi Febiu-aty, IfOU: Pioiu'ch
that *-aul Amhro« b \ and he hetehy is. nuthoiized and di-
rected. whenevei ni his. opinion the evidence m ^-uppoit ol
any claim for services, supplte-, tian^poitation. or othei-
wisCj t- not sufficient to e^tahlii-h Mich elanu, ot \\ here he
ma\ have doubt1- as to the yenumeue-s then oi, to lequnt
additional .out s.tti-iaetoiy pi oof touclmej -ueh claim, or
the value ot the >ei vices rendeied, oi >-upphe-> luuu-hcd,
befoie ieportm<( j-uch claim mi settlement and payment
as heit\a dneeicd  in<! provided further, That no eoi:i-
peie-aoon -hall he made mr lh>* seivices of auy pei -on in
mo ■ man one capacity for tne -am" time ; and all pay-
m nt- made in puieuance of tin- act shall be ioceiv> u in
mil .-ati-taetion and di*ehatjre of the claims upon winch
tliev aie made. , .
s?ec 9 Jind he \t furlhrr evnetrd. That all claim- for
hor-es or other piopertv lo-t or d< ,-troyed in device
shall be settled according to the act apptoved the 3d of
Maich 1840. piovidin? for payment <oi horsesorother prop-
erty lo-t or de-«uo)ed m the military seiviee of the United
States.
fc5i:c\ 0. *hul be it further cnartcd. That there be paid to
Robert J. Atkinson.Thud Auditor of the Treasirrv. tor the
duties heretofore performed by him in the investigation of
said chums, the sum oi $1,0C(>, out of any money in the
Treusuty not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. LAI^TE. It is not worth while to go into
a discussion of the merits of the Senate bill. It
was fully and thoroughly discussed at the last
session, and well understood by the Senate. It
passed this body by a very targe majority on the
the yeas and nays—two to one—and did but par-
tial justice. It did not provide for paying the
expenses incurred, as settled and allowed by the
board of Army officers appointed to adjust and
settle the claims for expenses growingoutof that
war. The House amendment rcdutcd the allow-
ance very much; ami is not such a bill as, in my
judgment, should become the law, at least, with-
out an effort to procure the passage of the Senate
bill. I therefore, without consuming the time of
the Senate, move that the Senate refuse to concur
in the House amendment,and ask for a committee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Bright,
Mr Lane, and Mr. Cameron were appointed.
A message was afterwards rcceiyed from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk, announcing that the House insists upon
its amendments to the hill of the Senate (No. 11)
making appropriations for the payment of the
expenses incurred by.the people of the Territories
of Oregon and Washington, in the suppression of
Indian hostilities therein, in the years 1855 and
1856; agrees to the conference asked by the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
theteori; and appoints Mr. Uexjamin Stanton
of Ohio, Mr. James Buftinton of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. Lansing Stout of Oregon, man-
agers at the same on the part of the House.
IUCIIAUD W. M13ADB.
Mr. BRAGG submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was eonsidi red by unanimous con-
Hi-nt, and agreed to:
• Rrs.ih-c.l. That the papers m the rase of Richard YV.
Meado\ admini^ttator,rcpoited liom the Court of Claims,
beieteired back to said coutt for a leheannjj, and tor such
(urihei action as, m the opunon of said court, may be ue-
eessiirv and pioper.
\ TEPJlITOmT 0^ COLORADO.
Mr. GREEN", i now call for the special order—
territorial business.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 3GG) to provide for a tempo-
rary government for the Territory of Colorado.
The Secretary read the amendment, on page 11,
strike out alter the word " dollars," in line four-
teen, to the end of line twenty-six, in the follow-
ing words:
" Except onI\ that, in all ca-cs involving title? to slaves,
the said yv!in ot erior or appeal-- '-hall be allowed and de-
cided by the said -upicme court, without repaid to the
value ol the mattei, pioperty, or title m controversy ; and
fxeept al-o that a writ ot ciror or appeal "shall aKo be
allowed to the Supreme Comt of the United States from
the decision of the said supreme court eicated by this act,
or ol any ludjie the-eof, ot oi the district, couits created by
this act,* oi of am jud<*e thereof, upon anv wi it of habeas
corpus involving the (juestion ol puisonat freedom."
Mr. GREEN. 1 move that the Senate concur
in the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a word or two to say
before the Senate votes to concur; and then, if it
is the judgment of the Senate that this amendment
ought'to be concurred in, I have no more to say
about it. It involves a very important principle
in the territorial system. So far as these bills are
predicated on the principle of non-interference by
Congress with the slavery question, I fully con-
|: cur ni them; but there is an important departure
|j fiom the territoiml bills of 1850, known as the
i1 " compromise mcasu^cs,,' and from the bill of
|i J854, know-i .u; ihe Kansas-Nebraska bill. The
i! pending bills seem to have been based on the
j. theory 'of striking out the woid "slavery," or
"slave," wherever thev appeared in the former
jj bills. In pursuance of that theory, they have
i1 stricken out, in the first section, the words:
I '< \t d tnar wh"n thp vaul Tctriio<y --hall he admitted into
J'le I'mon a- a Sta'e, ;t shall be le'ceived with slavery or
without, a- its consiitution may piesciibe « t the tune oi
Mr. GREEN. TIk- Senator will allow ran? I
am anxious to expedite and pass these bills before
one o'clock; and as that question is not before the
Senate, i hope he will confine himself to the ques-
tion before us, which is the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 should not have occupied
so mucli.time on that branch as the Senator has in
interrupting me, for I stated that that was merely
preliminary. That has been stricken out; then
another provision has been inserted in the sixth
section of the bill, which ia that the Territorial
Legislature shall pass no law abolishing or iih
pairing the rights of private property. That would
be understood by the Senatorfrom Missouri, and
others thinking with him, as prohibiting a Terri-
torial Legislature from abolishing or prohibiting
slavery. On the other side of the Chamber it is
understood as not interfering with that right; for
while the Senator from Missouri holds that there
is such a thing as property in slaves, the other
sideoftheChamberliold that there can be no prop-
erty m slaves; and hence they hold that the pas-
sage of a law impitiring the right of holding slaves
is not abolishing or impairing the rights of private
property. Whether that question be decided fa-
vorably to the views of the Senator from Mis-
souri, or favorably to the views of the other side
of the Chamber, will depend upon who may have
the final determination of the question. That
final decision must necessarily be made by the
courts. As the bill stood when the Senate passed
it, as the " compromise measures of 1850" stood,
as the Kansas-Nebraska bill stood, the decision
of the territorial court on a question affecting sltive
property could Jje appealed to the Supreme Court
of the United States. By this amendment the
right of appeal is taken away, and the decision of
the territorial courts is made final and conclusive
in regard to the question of slave property.
Now, sir, if it is the wish of the Senate, when
this question is thoroughly understood, to make
the decision of the territorial judges final in all
such cases, and to take away the right of appeal,
be it so. I can well understand why the other
side of the Chamber are willing to make the de-
cision of the terntorial courts final, so long as they
appoint the judges. The territorial judges are to
be appointed by a Republican President, and the
presumption is that they will be men who n ree
with their theory of the slavery question. They
will appoint territorial judges who hold the doc-
trine that there is no such thing as a right of prop-
erty in slaves. They having the power to appoint
all judges, and intending to exercise that power
so as to have judges of their own way of think-
ing, of course'they will have a decision adverse
to slavery in every instance. Now, the question
is, whether or not we shall make the decision of
the Republican judges final, and deprive the party
aggrieved of the right of appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States? I remember when the
other side of the Chamber wereaverse to making
the decisions of the territorial courts final on this
question. When there was a Democratic Admin-
istration, when we had Demociatic judges in the
■ Tenitories, they would not trust it to the final
decision of the terntorial courts, but requited an
appeal to the Supreme Court. Now. when the
tables are turned, when they have a President of
their own choice, and the right to appointRepuh-
liean judges, we are called upon to change the law
of the land, and make the decision of the Repub-
lican judges final without appeal. This may work
very well to sun that, side of the Chamber during
these four years; but suppose, four years from
now, there should be a southern President: then
are we to be called upon to change the law again,
to give a right of appeal fro.ni theterritorialjudges
to the Supreme Court of the United States? Are
we to change the law and the territorial system
according as the politics of the President may be
changed? - , •
I desire to fix these territorial bills on sound prin-
ciples—principles tin.t can be applied alike under
a Republican or a Democratic Administration—
principles that can be executed alike, whether we
have a northern or a southern President. I think
we had better let the law stand as it is, giving an
appeal to the Supreme Courtot" the United States
in these cases, instead of making the decision of
the territorial judges final, and depriving the party
aggrieved of the right of appeal. That is all i
have to say upon the point. My only object was
to direct the attention of the Senate to it. I have
performed my duty.
