246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
and with equal ability. If the salaries of the other
judges are too great, they should, if possible, be
diminished, winch i suppose, cannot be done.
But certainly that is no argument for raising
the compensation of the judge of the northern
district of Ohio. As to the judge of the southern
district, I know nothing about the amount of la-
bor that he performs; but I do know,from expe-
rience and observation, that the judge in the north-
ern district of Ohio is abundantly compensated at
present. 1 hope the bill will be defeated. I move
to lay it upon the table.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, it does seem to
me that, in the present condition of our'national
finances, we ought not unnecessarily to increase
the salaries of public officers. The question which
addresses itself to us is this: whether we can
command competent talent at the present salaries.
I think we can; and I think there is not a west-
ern State in which the best legal talent cannot be
obtained for judicial stations at the present rates.
In the State of Indiana, where the judge has to
perform very laborious duties, the district judge
has been for a year past in very bad health; and,
in anticipation of a vacancy, the most eminent
lawyers of our State have expressed a willing-
ness to accept the position at the present salary.
In Indiana, we can command the best legal talent
at the present salary, and I have no doubt that
is the case in Illinois and Ohio. Of course, if the
salary of the district judges in Ohio is increased,
the salary of the judges in Illinois and •Indiana,
where the duties are quite as onerous, ought also
to be increased; but 1 do not think it ought to be
increased da either of those States. It may be
said that these salaries do not amount to as much
as the same legal talent would command in the
profession. That is very true; but it must be
recollected that these offices arc held by a life
tenure, and any gentleman in the profession will
cheerfully accept a judgeship for life at a much
less sum than he receives from the practice of his
profession. I hope, therefoie, the bill will not
pass, although it proposes to do an act of kind-
ness to a judge of my own State, whom 1 highly
esteem. I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to lay upon the table. I
desire to say a few words in reply to him.
Mr, PORTER. I will withdraw it if the gen-
tleman will agree to renew it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will renew it. I do not
think, Mr. Speaker, that the basis upon which
the argument of the gentleman from Indiana is
rested, as to Ins opposition to this bill, can be
sustained.
Now, sir, it is a patent fact that, in many of
these States, the labors of the judges are by no
moans equally distributed. It Is not the ease in
Kentucky; and I imagine it is not the case in Ohio
or Indiana. In some of the large cities the duties
of the judge occupy three fourths of the year;
and vet, upon the argument of the gentleman, he
should only receive the same compensation as a
judge whose official duties do not occupy more
than half that time. It does not, therefore, follow
that the Ohio judge, whose duties occupy three
fourths of a year, should receive no more com-
pensation than a judge in Indiana, whose duties
do not, peihaps, occupy Inm more than two
months in the year.
Mr. PORTER. I beg to state to the gentleman
that, in Indiana, there is only one district, and
the duties of the judge are very laborious; but my
experience js this: that the length of the termsof
these courts usually depends upon the adminis-
trative ability of the judges, and that all these
courts sit twice as long as they ought to.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I certainly
could not have misunderstood the gentleman from
Indiana when he assumed, as a postulate, that if
the salary of the Ohio and Kentucky judges was
increased, that of the Indiana judges must conse-
quently be increased. That was certainly his
position; and 1 was undertaking to show that it
was not a necessary corollary.
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman has misunder-
stood the basis of my argument. It was this:
that the present salaries ought not to be increased
if they could command the best legal talent; and
they do command the best legal talent in the coun-
try; because, whenever one of these judgeships
becomes vacant, the most eminent lawyers always
apply for the place.
Mr. STEVENSON. I must beg my friend's
pardon for saying that that is a non sequitur; be-
cause $2,500 may command the best legal talent
in Indiana, it does not follow that it will command
the best legal talent in Ohio or Kentucky. I
might here offer against his opinion mine, that
there are a hundicd lawyers in my State who
would not accept the office as a gift, a d twenty
whose practice would quadruple, if not quintu-
ple, the amount of the salaries of these judges.
But it certainly docs not follow that that which
applies to Ohio or Kentucky, either in regard to
the labor imposed on the judges, or in regard to
the talent which they should possess, is equally
applicable to Indiana. 1 take it that the true cri-
terion for fixing judicial salaries is to be found in
the amount of labor that is to be performed by
the judges. Ajudge who holds court in Cincin-
nati and Columbus, where multifarious duties arc
imposed upon him, where admiralty eases are to
be tried, ought not to be restricted to the same
compensation that is given to judges who have
not such onerous duties to perform. Nor docs
it follow, that because the salaries of Ohio judges
are increased, every western State has a right to
demand increase of salary for her judges. What
are the facts in regard to Kentucky? "YVe have
but one district judge there. He has to hold
court twice a year at Paducah, at Louisville, at
Frankfort, and at Covington; places, some of them,
four or five hundred miles apart. The increase
proposed to be made to his salary would abso-
lutely not pay his increased expenses in traveling
to and from and living at these various points.
And yet the gentleman [Mr. Poiiteu] says that,
if the salaries of these judges in Ohio and Ken-
tucky are increased, the salary of the district
judge of Indiana ought also to be increased. I
protest against any such idea; and 1 hope the
House will not allow such a principle to enter
into its decision when fixing the salariesof these
judges. When the district 'judge of Kentucky
had but one place to hold cum t in, his salary was
#2,500. The late Congress, however, directed
thatcourt should be held at three additional places,
four or live hundred miles apart; and I confi-
dently assert that if this bill were passed, .so far
as the salary of the district judge of Kentucky is
concerned, the increase would not more than pay
his increased ttavelintc expenses. I therefore
hope, not only in regard to the Sfate of Ohio, but
also in regard to the State of Kentucky, that tins
bill shall pass. I now, under my promise to the
gentleman from Indiana, renew the motion tolay
the bill on the table. I would not be willing to
do it, except at his request.
Mr. ETFIERIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. PORTER. I have no objection, if the
gentleman will lenew it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will.
Mr. BINGHAM. If this sort of farming out
is to go on, I shall not consent to any such tiling.
Mr. ETHER! DGE. I suppose that if this
were a mere question of increasing salaries, gen-
ciailv,at this tune, argument would not change the
opinions of any one. But 1 would suggest to the
gentleman fromOhio, [Mr.Bingiiam,] whoseems
so exceedingly anxious to have the salary of this
iudge increased, that within the last three or four
months there has been, m effect, an iitcn-o^e in
the salaries of all the officers of the Government
of at least one hunched per cent. Heretofore,
when salaries have been increased, the argument
was that money was not worth half as much as
it was some years ago, owing to the lar^e amount
of money in ciiculation,and to the great increase
in the value of property. But within the last
three or four months we have had ageneral razee-
ing of things. Property is down; ihc expenses
ot living are diminished, and a salary of $3,000
is as good now, as a salary of ftG,000 was three
months ago, forall useful and practical purposes.
Down South, where ajudge might, at tin' end of
each year, be able to buy one ncgio, he can now
buy two or three; and he can now buy thic* acres
of land for one tho t he could formci ly have bought.
I think that more has occurred within thelast three
months to increase the salaries of public officeis
than has been done for many years past. A sal-
ary of §3,0Q0!ast year is worth. $6,000 now. Every
one knows the pi esent value of money, and some"- j
tiling of the depieeiation of propeitv. Souk rk-m- j
bei has stated to me—perhaps on the authority uf ;
a telegraphic dispatch—that the Treasury is bank*
rupt. I never pay much attention to telegraphic
statements made by sensation writers; and, there-
fore, this may be all untrue, and the Treasury
may not be bankrupt. But 1 suggest to the gen-
tleman that, if the Treasury be bankrupt, and if
the credit of the Government be a little tinder par*
it is quite as well for us to postpone the increas-
ing of salaries till a healthy condition of ourmon-
etary affairs be restored. I am satisfied that this
House does not intend to increase the salaries of
any public officers. Therefore, in compliance
with the request of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Porter,] I renew the motion to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered-
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Gieen Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Klake, Biayton, ButHnton, Burhn-
gaine, Carey, Cm tor, Ca^e, Clemen", Cobb, Coiim n, John
Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Ciuwt'oid, John G. Reu-
ben Davis, Delano, Dueli, Edgerton, Ely, Etheridge, Fiasik,
Gartrell, Gilmer, Grow, Curiey* Hardeman, John T. Ilai-
jj>, Ilatton, Hoard, Houston, Ilutchms, Irvine, Jones-, Kif-
goie, Killinger, Kwnkel, DeWitt C. Loach, James M.
Leach, Loncnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, Elhert S-
Maitin, McKean, McPherson, McRae, Isaac N. Morris,
Niblack, Pettit, Poiter,Edwin It. Reynolds. James C. Rob-
inson, Koyec, Shennan, Spauidm<;, Spinner, Stanton,
Steven^, Stokes, Thayer, Thomas, Train, Tumble, Vance,
Wade, Walttm, Elhbu B. Washburne, and Welt?—7-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Avery, Caik^dale, Bingham,
Blair, Boeock, Branch, Bnsigs, Clopton, Cox. DeJatnette,
Floience. G'arnett, Gooch, Hill, Hindman, IIoItimn,Wilham
Ilowuid, William A. IJowaid, Hughes. Jackson, William
Kellojrg, Ken von, Leake, Lee, Logan, Malloiy, Charles 1>.
Mai tin, IVIay nard, McCIemarul. McKenty, Millward, Pvlont-
pomeiy, Edward Joy Moni^, Pendleton, Peyton, Piyor,
Cluailfs-, Chiifetopfonr Robinson, Seott, Sedgwick, Simn c7
William N. H, Smith, Stevenson, Vallandigliam, Waldron<,
and Woodson—47.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider The vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OP THE REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a \iew to take up the legislative and
executive appropi lation bill. As I suppose there
is no desire to have debate, I shall move to make
it a special order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is that a bill which right-
fully interferes with the call of committees for
repoite, which is, I understand, the business in
order?
Air. SHERMAN. If my colleague has other
reports to make from the Judiciary Committee,
he can make them now.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There are other
reports from that committee ready to be made.
Air. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Ju-
dscijrry Committee to report back a bill (H. R.
No. i)0l) Authei to piovide for the collection of
duties on imports, referred to it by this House,
With amendments, and with a recommendation
that it shall pass. I shall not ask to put the bill
upon its passage now; but I simply report it to
the Mouse, and move that it be recommitted to
the Judiciary Committee, and printed, so that
members may see what it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Howdoesthisbusinesscome
b^foio the House ?
The SPEAKER. As a regular report from
tli-" Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. And what docs the commit-
! tee ask to have done with it?
The SPEAKER. To have the bill printed, and
recommitted to the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can I prevent that by ob-
jection? If] can, I will do so.
The SPEAKER. Objection does nolpiovent it.
Mr. 130C0CK. I want to ask the gentleman
from Ohio m response to what petition or reso-
lution is this bill brought before the Houser
Mr. IjINGHAM. I would inform the gentle-
man fiom Viigiiikt that it ib in i espouse to no
petition or resolution.
