4208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to call the attention
of the other side of the House to the fact that the
amendments they have just been making were not
made to the Colorado bill. They are making a
distinction as to the right of vsuffrage, probate
courts, and various things which are not to he
found in the Colorado bill. That bill passed the
Senate, as will be recollectcd, while I had an
amendment pending, in my absence. I should
have called attention to those provisions then, if
I had been present.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 suppose it is not worth
while for me to renew the amendment that I of-
fered a short time since,-presuming that that was
a test question in regard to all the bills. I will
not renew it, taking it for granted that the Senate
would act on it the same on this bill as on the
others.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
TXIE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. LATHAM. I call up the special order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to make a mo-
tion in reference to the bill upon the tabic, that
the Senate non-concur in the House amendment
to the tariff bill, and agree to the committee of con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives.
Mr. LATHAM. I give way for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 338) fo provide for the payment of out-
standing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to
regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, has been returned from the House
of Representatives, with a message, concurring
in all the amendments of the * Senate except the
tenth amendment. The House of Representatives
have amended the tenth amendmeritof tfie Senate
by,striking out the second paragraph, in the fol-
lowing words:
u Sccond. On coffee, H cent per pound ; on tea, when
imported t'toin any port or place beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, 4 cent- per pound; when imported from any pouor
place this-Mdc of the Cape of Good Hope, other than m the
country wheu; pioduced, 4 cents per pound ; and in addi-
tion thereto., l(J per centum ad valorem : Provided, That
whenever the Treasury notes and bond-* ot the Lrmtcd
States which have been, or snail bo, i^ued under the au-
thout} of any laws, or parts of laws, pas&eu between the 4th
day of March, A. 1) lftT>7, and the 4th day of Maich, A. I).
LB61, shall be ledoemed and paid, the Picsident ofthe (Jut-
ted State-* !« lieiehy autbon/ed to make pioclamation that
the afoioaid articles of tea and coffee may be imported
into the United States exempt and 1'iee horn the .specific
duties hejem impo-cd : Provided, That the duties on tea
and coffee*. hereby imposed, shall cease from and after the
3Jth day of June, lb63."
The House of Representative have also insisted
upon this amendment to "the tenth amendment of
the Senate, and asked for a conference^.
Mr. SIMMONS. J move that the Senate dis-
agree to the House amendment; and agree to the
committee of conference asked by the House of
Representatives upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better recede
from our amendment and pass the bill at once. I
doubt very much whether we can force the House
of Representatives to take this amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. We can try.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think we had better back
out. and let the bill pass at once.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 hope the Senate will ap-
point a committee of eonfcience.
The question being put; the motion of Mr.
Simmons was agreed to.
Mr GW1N. 1 hope the Senate will now take
np the post route bill.
Mr. HUNTER. We have not yet acted on
the tariff bill. 1 believe.
Mr. GW1N. Oh, yes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has disagreed to the House amendment to the
Senate amendment and agreed to the conference
asked for by the House of Representatives.
Air. HUNTER. 1 thought there was a motion
ponding by the Senator from Massachusetts to
recede from our amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The previous
motion had been made by the Senator from Rhode
island.
Mr. HUNTER. But a motion to recede takes
precedence. jj
Tnc PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ij
understood the Senator from Massachusetts as ii
He made no mo-
merely making a suggestion
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I did not make a motion. I
suggested that that was the true policy, m my
judgment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order of
the Senate has been made. How shall the com-
mittee of conference be appointed?
Mr. SIMMONS. By the Vicc President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, the Vice President will be authorized to
appoint the committee of conference.
It was so ordered; and Mr. Simmons, Mr. Hun-
ter, and Mr. Bigler, were appointed the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
THE POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GWIN. The post route bill I believe is
now before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I mo^ed that we disagree to the
House amendments, insist upon our amendments
to that bill, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence. My colleague made a motion that the
Senate concur in the House amendments. It was
indicated by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] that he would offer an amendment; and
if any amendment was offered, I intimated that
I should offer an amendment changing the form
of the offer and the contract; but I hope the Sen-
ate will either give us a committee of conference
at once—which, in my opinion, will agree in an
hour, for there are very small shades of difference
between the two Houses—or else concur in the
House amendments, and let the bill pass. Imper-
fect as I believe it is, it is infinitely better that it
should pass, than that" we should have any diffi-
culty about amending it. We can put sucli
amendments on the Post Office appropriation bill,
that will bo up for consideration on the day after
to-morrow, as will, in my judgment, remedy the
defects. It is too important a measure to be lost
between the two Houses by amending it here,
and sending it back to the House of Representa-
tives; and therefore I hope, if the committee of
conference is not granted, the Senate will concut-
in the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives as they eame tb us, so that we may dispose
of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
understands that there is an amendment pending.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from New Yoik
indicated an amendment; but lie did not offer it,
as I undcrstaod,and I hope it will not be offered.
Mr.- WILSON. What is the amendment
pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Scnatoi from New York.
Mr. WILSON. I offer a substitute for that
amendment of the Senatorfrom New Yorlv, which
is the same, with a few slight modifications that
are necessary to perfect it. It is to strike out the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
the eighteenth section of the Senate amendments,
and insert m lieu threreof:
Sec. 18. And he it further cnactcd, That til? Postmaster
General is hereby du'ected to discontinue the mail set vice
on loute No. 12f>78, fiom St. Louts and Memphis to S.in
Francisco, California, and to modify the contract on said
route, subject to the same teims arid conditions onlv a^
hciemaftei provided, said discontinuance to take efleet on
or before July 1, 1861. The contiaetoi- on taid mute ^b&li
beiecjuired to tianspoit the entire letter mad six tunes a
week on thecential route, said letter mail to becannd
llnouyh m twenty daj-s-tuuo, eight months in The year,
and m twenty-three days the remaining nun months of' the
year, from St. Joseph, Mi^-ouri, oi someothet point on the
Missouu river," connected by r;u!road with the Ka t, to
Pktcervdlo, m Cahlornia, and aLo to deliver the entue
mails tii weekly to Denver City and Great tfalt Lake City;
said contractors shall also be lequircd to cany ti)n residue
of all mat! matter in a penud not exceeding thirty-five day-,
with the privilege of sending the latter semi-monthly nom
New Yoikto ban Francisco in twentv-five days by sea,
and the public documents m thirty-five days. They shall
also be required, during the continuance ot then contrae'.
or until the completion oftheoveiiand telegraph, to run a
pony express semi-weekl). at a -cbedule time ot ten daj- 
for eight months-, nrul twelve days for four months, cairy-
inji for the (Jovernnient, tree of eliatgo. fiv3 pound- of mad
matter, with the hbeit} ot charging the public toi trans-
pot tat ton or letter^ by said express not exceedmj one dollar
per half ounce. For the above >-ei vice ^aid eontiaetoij.
shall leeeive the sum of § 1 ,loO,()')0 per annum ; the eon-
tiaet for -ueh -eivice to be thus modified hetorc the 25th
aay oi.March next, and expire July 1. Jtfbj.
tfi c. 19. -bid he it further enacted, That the contin<"tor 
on loute No 12578 shall be entitled'to then present mail
pay dmmir the neee^-aiy tune required to change their
Mork tumi then present route to lie centKil loute without
pertonmng the^eiviee, and bhail be entitled al-<> to two
months'pay on then present contract a^ liquidated darn- !
ages for such change of service, if made by them in accord-
ance with the terms of the preceding s-ection.
Snc. 20. Jhid he it finther enaUed,'YX\,\\.. should the con-
0 actors on route No." 12578, after the above moddication of
their present contract, neglect to pej form the service heiein
mentioned, then the Postmaster General ^directed to annul
said contract, anil adveitise for thirty day- tor carrjmqtho
mail as above provided, and to let the same to the lowest
responsible bidder, having due regard to the peilbrmancc
of the service.
Sec. 21. *$nd be it further enacted, That the above pro-
vision shall not apply to a discontinuance of any routes
connected with said route No. 12578, and the Postmaster
General is directed to replace any local service atfected by
the discontinuance of said route, now performed by the
contractors on said route, by good and sufficient mail ser-
vice, to take effect upon such discontinuance.
Mr. POLK. 1 ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to modify his amendment, so as to strike
out, in the thirteenth line of page 2, the words,
*' connected by railroad with the East;" for the
reason that the Missouri Pacific railroad is nearly
finished, and will be finished, probably, in the
course of the present year. Thi3 contract is to
extend over four years, and, if so, it cannot make
a connection with this road, provided the contract
should be made to start from another point. I
think the connection ought to be with the Mis-
rouri Pacific railroad. I do not know that it adds
very materially to the communication; but it will
make the communication more direct and easy to
connect with the Pacific tailroad than any other.
Mr. COLLAMER The Senator is aware that
the road is to start on the Missouri river, some-
where, and, if his State secedes, we shall want to
start from somewhere else.
Mr. POLK. Exactly.
Mr. COLLAMER. We do not want to be tied
down to that.
Mr. POLK. That right might be qualified as
it now stands.
Mr. COLLAMER. As it now stands, it is to
start from the Missouri river, wherever it is ne-
cessary. They do not want to confine it to a par-
ticular road.
Mr. POLK. This would not lessen the lati-
tude of the depaiting point; it would rather in
en ase it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) Unless the modification be accepted
by the Senator from Massachusetts, it is not be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. POLK. Does the Senator consent to the
modification ?
Mr. WILSON. I should like very much to
accommodate the Senator from Missouri; but, it
seems to me, I cannot do so with safety, and I
think it had better stand in Us present form. I
think there will never be any trouble about it.
ThePRESIDINGOFFiCER. Then the ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I confess, sir, that I have been
more embarrassed by this measure than anything-
else that has been before the Senate for the two or
three years I have been studying about it; and, in
what 1 am going to say, let me say that I do not
mean to reflect upon any member of the Senate;
but I do hope, God willing, that the time may •
come when this Senate may take hold of this mat-
ter wuhout any outside lailuences opeiating upon
the body or upon any individual member ofu. That
is a prayer for the future, instead of a reproach
for the past. I want to make another remark:
whenever the Legislature undertakesfomake these
contracts, they blunder eternally, and the history
ji of every legislative contract is a history of &lun-
ders. The Butterlicld contract is an illustrious
example; your steamship contracts, another.
This is a bill, Mr. President, that proposes to
give $1,150,000 for four years for what you can
get for $1,000,000 just exactly as well; and I do
not see the propriety of it. I hope the honorable
Senator from California [Air. Latham] has not
altered his notions; because, :C he has not, I am
ready at this stage of the session to go with him
As both the Senators from California have ex-
pressed themselves here as being content that the
Senate should adopt tho House bill, as I under-
stood the senior Senator, [Mr. Gwin,] and the
Senator nearest to me, [Mr. Latham,] the other
day, arid as both the Representatives in the other
House trom the State of California are content to
take the responsibility of adopting that measure,
1 think it would be the part of wisdom in the Sen-
ate at this time to do it; and although I may not
believe, as I did not believe a little while ago,that
