1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2W
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire the reading of the memorial ?
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senate desire to liearit.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not common to read pe-
titions. I do not think it would be wise to hear
this more than any other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no motion be
made that it be read, it will lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 present a very brief and
very terse and very pregnant petition, which is,
that "the undersigned, citizens of New York,
respectfully requestyour honorable bodies to aid
the People's Pacific Railroad Company by a lib-
eral donation of the public lands." I move that it
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATIONS IN TIIE SOUTH.
' Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wat he directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies of all orders issued from that
Department, or from the Coinmarider-in-Ohiel of the Army,
to the ofiiccis in command of the fortifications ofthe United
Statss in the State of South Carolina, Pinee the 1st day of
November I<v-t; and lhat he also communicate to the Sen-
ate copies of any military plans or recommendations of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, or of any officer thereof,
to the War Department, touching the military occupation
by increased force or otherwise, of the foits or arsenals of
the United States in the State of Virginia, or in any of the
States bordering on the Atlantic or Gulf of Mexico south
of Virginia, m the District of Columbia, or the navy-yard
ar Pensacola; and that he inform the Senate whether any
such plans or recommendations have been adopted at his
Department, and what ordeis, if any, have been issued
pursuant thereto- /
Mr. WILSON objected to the consideration! of
the resolution; and it lies over, under the mle.
ASSOCIATED PRESS. W
Mr. SLIDELL. Some ten or twelve days
since, I offered a resolution that the reporters of
the associated press, or any reporter connected
with it, should be expelled from the gallery of
the Seriate. The reason for presenting that res-
olution has already been given to the Senate. A
dispatch, purporting to come from the associated
press, appeared in the papers of the city of New
Orleans on the 18th of December. In the New
Orleans Crescent of the 18th of December, under
the general head of " dispatches to the associated
press," appeared this article:
" Proceedings in the House.
Washington, December 17.—In the House, a motion
recommending the repeal of all State laws that conflict
with the Constitution and the laws of Congress passed by
a vote of 51 against 14.
u Mr. John Cochrane, of New York, presented a reso-
lution," &c.
" Proceedings in the Senate.
"In the Senate, Mr. Clark's resolution of inquiry con-
cerning Pott1* Moultrie and Sumter and the Charleston
arsenal was laid over.
" Senator Fitch, of Indiana, is said to be preparing a
speech, in which lie will btrongly uige coercion."
Which surprised the Senator, no doubt, very
much when he heard it.
"Senator Slidell, of Louisiana,"—
There can be no mistake; it is not a misprint,
or anything of that sort—
"In his speech to-day, Senator Slidell, of Louisiana,
charged President JJuehaimn with imbecility, imputing to
him the cau.se ol the present troubles, and the authorship
of ti)e present crisis."
On the everting of the same day in which this
news appeared in the New Orleans papers, I re-
ceived a telegraphic dispatch, informing me of
the fact, and asking me if it was true, and if any
correction were necessary. I called the attention
of the Senate to this matter the next day, and then
said that if an explanation were not given to me,
I should treat the matter as a question of privi-
lege, and ask that the reporter or reporters of the
associate?! press should be expelled from the gal-
lery. This movement on my part produced a call
from the chief agent of the associated press here,
a gentleman by the name of Gobright, who, I am
told, enjoys a fair reputation here, and is spoken
of favorably by gentlemen who say they know
him well. It is not at all necessary for my pur-
pose, to impeach the character or the integrity of
Mr. Gobiight. The associated press is a close
corporation, no doubt receiving sufficient remu-
neration from the public for the information that
it conveys. I am willing to say that I believe Mr.
Gobright, himself, did not originate this menda-
cious dispatch; but he has it entirely in his power
to ascertain by whom it was sent, and by whom.
it was received. He has declined to furnish that
information; and thus, I think, has made himself
personally responsible for the act itself.
Now, sir, I further complain of Mr. Gobright
that he has behaved himself disingenuously in
this matter. He expressed, when became to me,
great regret at the occurrence of a circumstance
so unpleasant, and stated that he would do every-
thing in his power to correct it. Mr. Gobright
has made no such effort. Mr. Gobright has not
thought proper to write to New York to call upon
the agent of the press there—who, he says, for-
warded this fraudulent dispatch—and obtain the
name of the individual by whom this fraud was
committed. I should have been entirely satisfied
if the immediate agent in the fraud had been dis-
missed from the servicc of the company; but the
company, or association, stands upon its rights
and its dignity—it makes no explanation and no
apology.
My colleague also found himself in a similar
situation, some time since, very grossly misrepre-
sented. And this is not a mere freak of the press,
Mr. President; it was intended to effect an object.
The day when this dispatch was published in the
newspapers, primary meetings were held in New
Orleans for the purpose of nominating candidates
for the convention of our State, which is to meet
on the 23d day of January. That dispatch, I
think, failed to effect the purpose for which it
was sent. It was undoubtedly intended to injure
me, and all those who, with me, have thought
favorably of the administration of Mr. Buch-
anan.
Now, Mr. President, to me and to my colleague
it is a matter of great indifference, or will be in a
very few days, what the associated press may
say of our course in the Senate of the United
States. We shall have other and higher duties
to perform, perhaps upon some other theater; at
least, we think so. At any rate, my course to-
day is dictated by no selfish purpose at all. The
reporter here of the associated press, or the offi-
cial agent of that press, is contumacious. They
have asserted a gross falsehood, and -have made
no attempt to correct it. It may be said, how-
ever, that they did make such an attempt. Let
us see what it was. As I said before, on the 18th
of December this notice appeared in all the papers
of New Orleans. On the 21st of December tnere
appeared in the papers of New Orleans, the fol-
lowing attempted contradiction of this slander:
"Washington, December 20.—Senate—In the Senate
to-day, Mr. Slidell denied having charged President
Buchanan with imbecility and the authorship of the present
crisis, as reported by the correspondent of the. New York
Times, adding that he never felt such a sentiment."
Now, sir, the statement that I made to the Sen-
ate was on the (lay after the dispatch was pub-
lished—on the 19th. I am asserted to have made
this declaration on the 20th. It is not denied.
The false assertion that 1 had made a speech on
the floor of the Senate is not dented. No notice
is taken of this false dispatch purporting to ema-
nate from the associated press; but the attempt is
made to fix it on the correspondent of the Times,
although no such article over appeared in the
Times. I only repeat, that I feel no personal in-
terest in this matter; the Senate may take such
action on it as they think proper, such as they
think due to their own dignity and to the pres-
ervation of some degree of veracity in the reports
of the proceedings of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana moves to take up the resolution in rela-
tion to the exclusion of the reporters of the asso-
ciated press from the reporters'gallery.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved. That the Vice President be requested to ex-
clude from the reporters'gallery of the Senate any reporter
or reporters who may be employed, either partially or ex-
clusively, by any agent or agents of the associated press.
Mr. WILSON. Is the question on the adop-
tion of that resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I do not rise for the purpose
of vindicating the reporters of the associated
press, or the reporters of any character here; but
I do not sec that it is proved that the reporters
of the associated press here in Washington, here
in the gallery of the Senate, or in the. House of
Representatives, are responsible for this dispatch;
anu, until it be proved that these reporters seat
this dispatch, I do not think the Senate of the
United States ought to adopt this resolution. If
it is the purpose to press this matter, I think it
due to the Senate that th«^ should make the
proper investigation. It is said that this dispatch
was sent from the city of New York. If that be
so, it cannot have originated with the reporters
of the associated press here. Where the persons
who manage the associated press in the city of
New York obtained this information, I know not.
Certainly the.Senator from Louisiana made no
such declarations on this floor as were imputed to
him. Whoever sent that dispatch as to those re-
marks having been made here, certainly must
have manufactured it. I think I saw about that
same time in a press of this city, or in a press of
New York—I do not recollect which, but I think
of this city—that the Senatorfrom Louisina had
expressed, notm the Senate, but somewhere else,
probably in private conversation, some remarks
of that character. The probabilities are that that
publication must have been the foundation of this
dispatch.
Now, sir, we all know that reporters often do
injustice to all of us, either by omission or com-
mission; we all know that newspapers do the
same thing; but I think it wiser in public men to
let the reporters of the newspapers, whether of
the associated press or any other, exercise their
freedom. Let them say what they please. In
regard to myself, they have exercised that right
for many years,and I have often thoughtunjustly;
but 1 think it better to bear it, to go along and
live these things down if we can; and I do not
think we ought to adopt this resolution. I think
we had better let the matter pass over. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana has vindicated himself here;
indeed, he needed no vindication here, for we all
know he made no such declaration; but I think
we had better not press this question or take this
action. Before we pass such a resolution, I think
it due to the reporters of the associated press here
in the galleries that the matter should be investi-
gated, and that they should not be punished for
what it does not appear they are responsible for.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I think that
the honorable Senator from Louisiana is under a
misapprehension as to the origin of this dispatch.
I recollect seeing it, when it first appeared, in a
New York paper. I do not remember in what
paper I saw it; but I remember that it struck me
as so singular, that I looked to see if itcame under
the head of the "Associated Press," the reports
of which I think are generally very accurate. It
did not. Itcamefrom some independent reporter.
But a small portion of the telegraphing here is
done b? the associated press; 1 think not more
than one tenth of it. This dispatch came from
some other reporter than those of the associated
press, to a New York paper. The agent of the
New York associated press very probably thought
it was authentic, and sent it to New Orleans; but
we ought certainly not to punish a reporter here
for what another agent of the same company did
in New York, if that was the origin of the dis-
patch, as I think it was. I certainly think the
subject ought to be investigated,and we ought to
find out who is the guilty party. If any reporter
here has manufactured a dispatch of that kind, I
will vote for a resolution to expel him, for I think
it would be due to the dignity of the Senate that
such a resolution should pass; but I do not wish
to see a number of innocent men in Washington
punished for an offense committed by an entirely
different man in New York.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, as a matter
of respect and courtesy to the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, I should be half inclined to vote
for the resolution if I thought I could see my way
to a correction of the abuse of the telegraph from
it. It has become an essential department of the
Government—superseding the press at the capi-
tal, and superseding private correspondence. But
the resolution would seem to be vindictive in pun-
ishing pastabuse, and providing no adequate rem-
edy against other abuse, which, perhaps, would
be the only real justification we could have for
passing it. My experience has been, that the re-
porters of the associated press, on the whole, are
much more careful and much more accurate than
unknown and irresponsible reporters, or occa-
