1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
an amendment to the bill would defeat it, not-
withstanding it was so urged by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Latham,] yet I believe, this
being Tuesday, and next Saturday being our last
legislative day, that to adopt this amendment will
be to defeat any overland mail.
But again: m regaid to this great legislative con-
tract, by which the Butterfield company are to be
provided for, and a service secured at a cost of
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thou-
sand dollars more than is necessary, let me say
that, in the present state of things, taking into
consideration the bill of the House m relation to
postal intercourse, which has passed this body
with amendments, if it should become a law, theie
is no need of any action upon that Butterfield
route; because it conies within the category pro-
vided for by that act. We know, from the pub-
lic newspapers, we know it is notorious, that
that line has been so interfered with that it does
come within the cat"gory included in that act;
and that service cannot be carried on by reason of
the very objection (hat is mentioned in the act.
Now, sir, with a sincere desire to accommodate the
people of California and the public, I think, if we
mean to give them anything, that we had better
adopt the House bill, I have come to that con-
clusion the more readily from the fact that this
Butterfield route has been so interrupted that it
will fall within the purview of the act which has
already passed the Senate; and fot these reasons
I am opposed to all these amendments, and at this
stage I am for going with the .Senator from Cal-
ifornia nearest to me", [Mr. Latii\m,] and adopt-
ing the bill of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the Senator takes
his scat I ask, for information, how much will the
House bill appropriate?
Mr. HALE. The House bill appropriates
$800,000, and leaves the Butterfield route to be
disposed of.
Mr. LATHAM. It leaves the Butterfield route
untouched.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Whiehamountstooversix
hundred thousand dollars, I understand; that will
be $1,400,000. As I uudeistood the honoiable
Senator—I may Inn e nnsun Jet stood him — he said
the service couid be got for$ 1,000,000; and if we can
get it for ,000,000, why ^ive $1,400,000 for it ?
Mr. HALE. That opens a chapter of difficul-
ties. That consideration presented itself to my
mind. 1 wanted to make the act providing for the
overland route on the central route a part of the
same measure which disposed of the Butterfield
route; but 1 was told it was not practicable, and
was assured that when we had established the
central route, we would take care of the Butter-
field route afterwards; but, sir, I take this pom-
t,on now because I consider the Butterfield loute
as substantially disposed of by the bill which
passed the Senate, if it becomes a law. It is liable
to be disposed of within the powers of the Post-
master General whether that bill becomes a law
or not. The fact is, the further performance of
that service is rendered impossible and impracti-
cable by the very conditions mentioned in the act
which has already passed the Senate; and there-
fore 1 think the appropriation—$600,000—for that
route is practically discontinued, let us take what
action we may upon it,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, there has been
a feeling in the Senate for two or three years past
to got rid of this Butterfield route. The Senator
from New Hampshire says we have practically
done so. 1 apprehend the Senator is entirely mis-
taken. No action of Congress has in any way
abrogated the contract of the Butterfield company,
and it stands to-day against the Government of the
country. If this amendment that comes from the
House of Representatives be adopted, the Butter-
field contract goes on, and this mail service to Cal-
ifornia will cost us over fourteen hundred thou-
sand dollars for the coming year. The amendment
now pending proposes to change the Butterfield
route to the central route, to establish a daily mail
for letters across the continent, and a pony ex-
press, for $1,500,000 per annum. As a matter of
economy, I believe it to be a good proposition, a
better proposition for the Government than the
amendment that comes to us from the House of
Representatives, which appropriates some eight
hundred thousand dollars, and then leaves the But-
teifu-ld contractors on their route undisposed of,
leaving both lines.
I hope the Senate will adopt this amendment
to transfer the Butterfield line to the central route,
establish a daily mail across the continent for let-
ters, provide for catrying the printed matter as it
is lieie, arrange this whole matter, and have it
settled once for all. 1 believe this to be the fairest
proposition yet made.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, in the twelfth line, to
strike out the words " St. Josephs, Missouri;"
and in line thirteen, to strike out the words " con-
nected by railroad with the East." .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to an amendment pending. The
Senator therefore cannot offer'his amendment in
order.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state the reason for it
when it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
amendment was offered by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward;] and there is an amendment
offered to it by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts offered hisamendmcntin place of the one
submitted by the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Still, it is an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. He offers it as a substitute, I
und erstand.
Mr. WILSON". My amendment is a substi-
tute for the amendment of the Senator from New
York, by his consent, with some verbal amend-
ments necessary to perfect it, and make it more
complete. Therefore, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York is not pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, the Chair
thinks, would be amendable. If the Senator pro-
poses a mere amendment to that amendment, it
would be in oidor.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator ftom New York, the intention was to with-
diaw his amendment and substitute this in pi,ice
of it, with tiie necessary amendments to perfect it.
Mr. IllCE. The amendment spoken of, sub-
mitted by the Senator from New York, was never
offered. It is not before the Senate. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
is an original amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Mine is offered m concert
with the Senator from New York.
Mr. RICE. The amendment of the Senator
from New York has ne\er been befoie the Senate.
It was merely offered for the purpose of being
printed.
Mr. GRIMES. My amendment, then, is in
°'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
statement of the Chair was coircct. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa would be an amend-
ment m the third degree, an amendment to an
amendment, which, in iiself, is an amendment to
an amendment, because, even if the amendment
of the Senator from New York be withdiawn,
that of the Senator from Massachusetts is still an
•amendment to the House amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Is the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Missouri disposed of, in regard to the
terminus on this side ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
such amendment pending.
Mr. POLK. I suggested it to the Senator from
Massachusetts as a modification of his amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I have a single word to say on
this subject
Mr. COLLAMER,. I \v\<h to make an inquiry.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield >
Mr. GWIN. Ceitamly.
Mr. COLLAMER,. I understand that the
amendment of the Senator lVom New York has
ncv°r been presented. It has merely been printed
with a view of being piesetueci; but it, has never
been actually presented. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers en amendment as a substitute
for the bill now pending. Is not that open to
amendment'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York was an
amendment to a House amendment; and that be-
ing withdrawn, the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts stands in the same relation.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the
amendment of the Senator from New.York is not
before the Senate, and never was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is true.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts is a sub-
stitute for the House bill. Is not that open to
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it is not, because it is an amend-
ment to a House amendment.
Mr. WILSON. My amendment is to strike
out the eighteenth section of the House amend-
ments, and insert a substitute. It is an amend-*
mcnt to the House amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And therefore
it is not amendable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts a modification. It
is, in the last section of his amendment, to strike
out the word "directed," and insert "author-
ized."
Mr. WILSON. I accept that.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I understand, under the
ruling of the Chair, the Senator from Massachu-
setts can come in here with an almost entire new
bill, and offer it as an amendment, and it is im-
possible for us to amend the bill which he pro-
poses.
Mr. COLLAMER. In any other way than by
suggesting modifications to him, which he may
accept.
Mr. GRIMES. Pie therefore has control of
the whole body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nevertheless,
it is the rule. The amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts is an amendment to the
House amendment; and therefore is not amend-
able, unless by the consent of the mover.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I desire to state the rea-
son why I shall vote against the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts. It proposes, in
its first section, to limit the starting point from
the city of St. Joseph, Missouri, i am unwilling
to do so. I think the Government ought to be
permitted to start either at Kansas City, or at St.
Joseph, or at Nebraska City, or at Council Bluffs,
or at Sioux City, or at any other point on the
Missouri river where it will be most for the ben-
efit of the Government that the starting point
should be. I will not consent, so far as my vote
goes, to limit the Postmaster General to one par-
ticular spot, and require him to start the route
fiom that point and from no other, notwithstand-
ing other points may really afford greater facili-
ties for the transmission of the mails.
Mr. WII..SON. None of us can help the po-
sition of things, I suppose, under the rules; but
I am anxious to get this proposition right, and I
will therefore accept the suggestion of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator from Massachusetts. It seems to me that
the rule cannot apply to an amendment to a House
amendment, because that is the action of another
body. We may moke amendments here of our
own, and can move to amend those amendments.
It strikes mo it is carrying the rule further than
it has ever been carried before, to apply it to a
House amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that is the rule and practice of the Senate.
The House amendment is one to which the Sen-
ate must either agree or disagree.
Mr. WILSON. At the request of the Senator
from Iowa and the Senator from Missouri, and on
examining the matter carefully, I will consent to
modify the amendment, by striking out, in the
twenty-second line, the words 44 from St. Joseph,
Missouri,"and in the thirteenth line, " connected
by railroad with the east;" and it will then read,
" from some point on the Missouri river."
Mr. GWIN. But where is the terminus on the
Pacific side?
Mr. WILSON. Placerville.
Mr. GWIN. I do not see anything of that sort
in the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order, and
I desire the attention of the Chair. The House
of Representatives passed this bill and sent it here.
We amended it, and sent it back to them with
amendments; and now they have amended our
