1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
amendments. My point of order is, that no other
amendments are in order, and that the question
before us is the question of concurrence or non-
concur! once in the action of the House.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Massachusetts
has supposed that my amendment went a little
further- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order must first be disposed of. The rule will
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
" A bill originating in one House, Is* passed by the other
with an amendment. A motion m the originating House
to agree to the amendment is negatived. Docs there result
from this a vote of dUauioemont. or mint the question on
disagreement bo expressly voted? The qucsuo'i? lespect-
frng amendments lioin another Jlouse are, firs-t, to a^ree;
second, disagree; thud, recede; lourth, int-ist; liith. atfheic.
"Ftrft,agice; second, disagree Either oftlu^e concludes
the other necessarily, for the positive of either is exactly the
equivalent of the negative of the othei. and no othei a'ltei-
native letnnuis. On either motion amendments to the
amendment mav be proposed; e.g. ifithe moved to dis-
agree, tho<e who aie for the amendment have an^ht to
propose amendment^ and make it as perfect <1-5 they ran,
befoic the question of disagreement i=s put —
Manual, p. 176.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion to recede made. The oiigmal motion was
to amend, and the Chair thinks that motion m
order.
Mr. POLK. 1 wish to correct an error into
which the Senator from Massachusetts fell, which
\va3 that the amendment I suggested was exactly
co-extcnsivc with the amendment suggested by
the Senator from Iowa, which the Senator from
Massachusetts has accepted, and thus it stands
modified with that acceptance. I wish to say
that I did not ask him to modify by sinking out
[>o much as the Senator from Iowa did, but 1 pro-
posed to confine it to the words 44 connected by
railroad with the East."
Mr. GRIMES. In Other woids, the Senator
fiom Mist-ouii desired that tciminus to be in his
State only, while I am willing that it shall be any-
whero on-tho Missouri river, whether in his State
or my own.
Mr. FOOT. There seems to be some little mis-
understanding as to the exact, position of the bill
now before the Senate. If I understand it, it is
this: it is an oiiginal House bill winch came to
the Senate for coucui rence. The Senate concurred
in that bill, with a variety of amendments, which
carried it back to the House of Representatives
for their eoncuricnce in those amendments. The
House of Repies'MUutives concurred in certain
amendments of the Senate, and that is nn end, so
far as those amendments are concerned; neither
House has further jurisdiction over them. The
House of Representatives concuried in certain
other amendments of the Senate, with amend-
ments to those amendments, and the House dis-
agreed to certain other amendments of the Senate.
It comes hack to us for consideration, fust upon
those amendments which the House has amended,
ami the first question is, will the Senate agree to
the amendments of the House to the amendments
of (he Senate. An affirmative vote settles the
question m icference to those amendments, A
negative vote leaves them open for further consid-
eration, either by a committee of conference, 01*
to send the bill back to the House, either to ic-
cede, insist, oradhere. Next, the House disagree
to certain of our amendments. What question
hi ibps, now, in refeienee to thes>e amendments?
Fast,as the rule says, in the order of motions, is
file motion to recede, if any person chooses to
make that motion. The second in older is to in-
sist, and that motion always canies with it an
imphed readiness, or willingness, on the part of
the body to confer further with the other House
upon the disagreeing votes; and thetefore it ts that
a motion to insist is usually accompanied with a
motion for a committeeof conleience to that end.
If they choose to pass over both these motions,
they may adheie, which is the last and final mo-
tion, and fatal to the bill, if it curries, because a
mo/jon to adhere implies an unwillingness, an
absolute 1 efus d, on the part of the body, to eonfer .
furthi r with the other House upon the question;
and theie is an end of it.
Now, then, it I understand the position of this
bill, and it is as 1 have stated it, we have nothing
to do except with those amendments, 111 the first
place, which ha\e come to us with proposition^
of amendment fiom the [louse of Repie.ymfa-
uves, and the first question is, will the Senate
agree to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of the Senate? That being disposed
of, then the question tfill be, will the Senate re-
cede from those amendments to which the House
have entirely disagreed, or will they, passing over
this motion, which is first in order, move to insist
upon their amendments, to which the House of
Representatives have disagreed, and ask for a
committee of conference, or will they come to the
last resort, that is, adhere, which motion, if car-
ried, puts an end to the bill?
If this be the state of this bill, the first question
in my judgment is, will the Senate agree to the
amendments of the'House of Representatives to
the amendments of the Senate; and if that be dis-
posed of, then the question is either to recede or
insist upon the amendments to which the House
have disagired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The recollection of the Chair is, that when the
bill first came before the Senate, the Senator fiom
California [Mr. Gwin] mad* a motion to insist,
and the Chair understood that that question not
being pressed, it was withdrawn to-day; and no
other motion homo- made, he entertained the mo-
tion to amend, but is himself very much of the
opinion, upon reflection, that the motion to amend
is out of order, and that the questions must be put
in the relative order mentioned by the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. GWIN. Therefore, the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is out of order?
The PRLCSipiNG OFFICER. Yes, s,r.
Mr. GWIN. The motion 1 made was to in-
sist on the Senate amendments—I made that mo-
tion a week ago—and to ask for a committee of
conference. My colleague made a motion at the
same time to agree to the amendments of the
House. It has been in that condition up to this
morning. These were the two motions before the
Senate. This morning I indicated that, consider-
ing the lateness of the session, although I do not
think the House bill is the one that we ought to
pass, because there is an uncertainty connected
; with the central route; but believing that we can
perfect it. and remove these objections, I am per-
fectly willing to allow the motion of my colleague
to be put, and that is, that the Senate recede from
its amendments and concur in the amendments of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. LATHAM. I understand that,under our
rule.s, the ouler m which th'-^jo questions are put
is, first, to agree; secud, to disagree; third, to
insist: and fourth,to recede. I f the Senate agi ees
to the House amendments, the whole controversy
is then at an end, and the bill becomes a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
order of the motions. Does the Senator make a
motion to agree ?
Mr. LATHAM. I have already made that
motion; and itceitainly has priority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The, Chair
thinks so; but the Chair undetstood the Senator Js
colleague to move that the Senate insist,
Mr. LATHAM. That is true; butmy motion
has priority. I ask what is the decision of the
Chair as to the Senate amending the House
amendments?
The PR.ESIDING OFFICER. They cannot
be amended.
Mr. LATHAM. That being the di :cision of
the Chair, has not then my motion to agree to the
amendments of the House priority >
t The PRESIDING'OFFICER. r]
first motion m order.
Mr. LATHAM. Upon that motion I have a j
word to say. After the. discussion had termin-
ated, when this subject was last before the S'-n- ;
ate, { found that there was an evident misunder-
standing as to the motives of the Post Office j!
Committee of this body m asking for a committee l!
of conference. The Senatois ftom Ohio [Mr. i1
Wadk] and lYlinm 3ota, [Mr. Rici.,J members of i1
that committee, had informed me that a recoil- ;!
cihation of the discrepancies between the two ■
Houses could only be produced by a committee
of conference, who could bring forward a new and 'l
distinct pioposition. For this reason, that com- ■
mittee had asked for a committee of conference
on this bill. I have opposed the appointm-nt of :
any such enmmtthv, !,"<\u;se [ wanted the SeiMte |
to di.-.:;n<'t!y announce the policy as to the o\ei-
land mails to which it wa  detcimmcd to ..aihue. '!
I have thought, and still think, that the Senate
That 3s the
1 could better decidc this question than any com-
1 nuttee. If the House agreed to our action, then
j the bill would become a law, and no committee
, of conference would be neccssary. At the close
, of last session, we passed amendments to tins
1 bill providing for overland mails, which the House
i refused to adopt, and which this session, after
! mature deliberation, the Committee on the Post
] Office and Post Roads of the House, and the
I Houseitself,refused to accede to. After this indi-
; cation, we had no other alternative but to agree to
; the House amendments, or bring forward a new
j proposition. If the latter course was adopted, I
, wanted the opinion of the Senate, for 1 believed it
| to be the most direct and certain way of obtaining
the desiicd end. My colleague having assuiod.
^ this body that the object he had in view was, by
j supplemental 1< gelation, to conccntiate the ccn-
, tral and Eutteifield lines, reduce the expense, and
provide for a good service, I have been unable to
. see why any objection should be interposed to
agreeing to the amendments of the House, after
1 which, supplemental legislation could be had,
. without uskmg the certainty of our oveiland
mail system.
Iam now glad toheai that the Senator from New
. Hampshire, [M r. Halt;,] as well as my colleague,
concede the eoi roctnes* of m y views; and I hope
, that there will be no Anther oppostion, and that
j the Senate will agiee to the amendments of the
House, and it will become a law.
I owe it, however, to truth and candor to say
to the Senate that,after the discussion, when wc
were last upon this bill, upon interviews had with
several Republican Senators, I indorsed the prop-
' osinon just submitted by the Senatoi from Mas-
. sachusetis, [Mi. Wilson,] because I wanted as I
| have said before, the Senate to indicate its wish
! if such consolidation of the lines was to take
; place. I said to tho-je Senators who consulted
j with me, that if there was a settled determination
j on the part of the Republicans—and as my col-
; league has stated was his wish—to consolidate the
j two lines across the continent, namely: the But-
i terfield and ccntial routes, that I thought it was
best that the Senate should act diiectly; because
I believed that the House of Representatives, us
now constitute d, would agi ee to such pi o posit ion;
and if it did not, as a last iesort,wc could have
a committee of conference. With this explana-
tion, I now state to the Senate that I stand now
where 1 have ever stood, as to the proper policy
' to be puisued upon this bill. When this bill be-
comes a law, as I hope it will without further
contest—inasmuch as the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] regards the liutterfield
| li ne as already terminated, and inasmuch as it isap-
| parent that Congress will notgivc so much money
for mail^ facilities to the Pacific—I tiust some
j proposition will be offered to the Post Office ap-
j propriation bill to meet the views of Congress, do
i justice to all parties, consolidate the lines, and
j economise in expenditure. Beyond this, I have
j nothing more to say at present.
j Mr. GWIN. One word. My mam objection
' to the House amendments, from the first, has
1 been, that 1 was not satisfied that we could get
the entire oveiland service on the central route for
( $800,000 a year. I have been in t\w or of consol-
idating these routes, for the sake of economy; and
I was for a Jong time anxiously devising plans by
which it might be done without any injury to !hc
public, and greatly improve the service for the
benefit of the Govei ement. I have thought all the
time—-and that was the only motive I had in adopt-
ing the suggestion oftheSenatorfiom New Hamp-
shire, to ask for a committee of conference—that
we could soon pass the bill,and pass it in such a
shape as would improve the service, and probably
consolidate these routes and make daily service
certain. Now, I am aftaid to amend this bill. I
have heard from the other House all the time that
it was dangerous to send it there; and h'-ncc I will
take the bill as it is, hoping that we can h ive such
amendments on the Post Office appropuation bill
as will remedy any defects that mayexi^t ni this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tii- question
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Latham,] thru the Senate agiee to the
amendments of the Hons-' of R-'pre,s-m!at;veo to
th<* amendments of the Senate.
The ni. trio was agreed to.
Mi. G \ vrf N. I;> the bdj d/.Npo.yd of now :
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No,sir, there
