1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
are other amendments on which the Senate has
not acted.
Mr.GWIN. I hope all the House amendments
will be agreed to. They are simply to establish
post routes, and some minor matters.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The House of
Representatives have non-concurred in some of
the Senate amendments.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will recedc
from all (hose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on receding from such amendments as the
House of Representatives has refused to concur in.
Mr. GW1N. I thought the previous motion,
to concur in the amendments of the House, cov-
ered this
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate has
agreed to all the House amendments to the Sen-
ate amendments; but the House non-concurred
wholly in some of the amendments made by the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate recede
from those amendments in which the House of
Representames non-concurred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now the bill is passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; it is
disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. Several Senators and members
of the House of Representatives, in order not to
embarrass this bill, requested the Post Office Com-
mittee to prepare a supplemental post route bill.
I have done it to accommodate Senators; and I
now report it fiom the committee. It is merely
a bill for the post routes suggested by Senatois
and members, and a very few in each State. 1
hope it will be passed now, and sent to the House
of Representatives.
The bill (S. No. 572) establishing cutain post
routes, was read the first and second times by its
title.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I move to dispense with
the reading: of the routes. Theyare merely routes
in the several States; they need not be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'We had better hear the
bill.
Mr. GWIN. It is nothing but post routes.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the mil be printed.
I want to see it; I may wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to its being
printed. I only wanted to get this bill to the other
House at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be printed, and laid over.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to give notice of my
intention to move an amendment to the post i onto
bill. I present it now for the purpose of ha\ nig
it pi inted. I shall mo\ e it to-moi row as an amend-
ment to that bill.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
CONSUI-Alt ANl> DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Fornky, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing' votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. II. No. 864) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1863.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
confeienco on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on ihc bill (II. R. No. ^64) making ap-
propuations for tin consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 186:2, submitted the following report:
The committee of eonO-renee on the il i^anieenm \otes of
the t\\ o Houses on the aiuen,lment^ to the hill (II. il. No.
364) making appropriation-? toi the eon^nlar and diplomatic
expense - of the Govt rnment for the yo.ii I'liilms Juno 30,
1P62, having met. aftei itul ami Ace confeienee. have agreed
to recommend to then ir-peclive Hotted as lo!lo\vs :
That the lio;;-" recede tiorn then lii-acrieemeiJl to the
firi-r, <eeotnl. ;m<i amendment-* of the Sennte, and
coji'Mp in --aid am Midni' nt-<.
That the H<«u«e lecede fiom their disagreement to the
seventh nt of the Senate, and eoneui in the said
seventh am"itdfnei!t.
That the I loi w i.vede fiom their disagreement to the
Sen.Ue'-- third amendment. and a<?iee to till' Mini" \\ it'i the
f.d'.ou il"; .inieinKnent inroad of inseiimg u ^tinnd i;''
after •• .0"/' in tin' Otteenth line, on page 4. in^eu •• Ivan a -
gaw a .ind in Jap.i'i."
'I hat tin* nM'ik' lioni thei> disagreement to the
Senate*-; 'ooitn amendment, and agree to the sum; jvith
tiib following amendment: attu the word-seventy," m
tine eighteen, on page 4, instead of inserting " one,"" insert
fiom.'5
That the House recede from.then disagreement to the
Semite's fifth anvndment, and agree to the s-umc with an
amendment as follow® : strike out oi .-aid amendment all
attei tlic won! "abolished," and, in lieu thereof, insett
and salaiie* of the consuls at Kanagawa and Nagasaki,
in Japan, ^hall be $1,000 each."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
A. O. P. NICHOLSON,
T. L. CMNGMAN,
Manageis on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS CORVVIN,
E. JOY MORRIS,
JOHN S. MILLSONT,
Managers on the part oj the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the agreement of
all the members of the two committees. 1 presume
no explanation is necessary. It is only setting-
some little mattcis right in the bill, about which
tlu--re was a dispute.
The report was concurred in.
ARMY A V P It 0 J * III A T10 N BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next busi-
ness in oidcr is the Aimy appropriation bill.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senate will proceed
with it.
The bill (H. R. No.*899) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30. 1862, was considered as in Com-
mittee of thoWhoIe. It had been reported fiom
the Committee on Finance, with various amend-
ments.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in lines thirty-four and thirty-live, to
inseit the words " dragoons, two regiments of;"
so that the clause will road:
Foi the legular supplier of the Quartermaster's Depait-
ment. con--1-ting ol iuel toi the otliceis, erili-tod men.gtiaid,
hospital, Moi ehou-^"-. .oid otlke^; ui lot.iye in kind t'ui the
how-, mule-, aiul ovenol the (lu.nteimn-tei ^ Dep.ntment
at the ?ever,il po i- .md station', and with the unities in
the field , toi Hie i)m-;e.-. oi the two regmienN o' di.igoons,
two le^iinent*- <)t ravahv, the icqinvntoi mounted nliemen,
&c.
Mr. PEARCE. This is to coirecta mere cler-
ical eiror in th'* other House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to i lsert, after line
eighty-nine, on page 5, the following:
Foi back lent of Foit Graham, wood and timber, to 15th
Peeeinbot, 18f>3, ?f>; tor hack icntot Koit Merrill,
wood and timber, to l." th Deeemhei, J855, A4,*iI4 0,2 j lor
back lent of <-amp Hurt-on. to Ut July, 1S.i9.$1.0 31 60 ; lot
back lent of Foi r Helknap. wood ami tnnbei, to Jaiai-
ai\, .^3.90.'} .'ili; /oi \\ ood eut and taken fiom the land
ol Dona Mode>ta Ca^tio and Dona An<ru«.lias Jnn^iio, near
Monteie\. fot the of tioop^ to xJUth June, lb!yr$3,3a7 ;
making £l(>,l,">f>0(5.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was-to insert, after line
one hundred and six, on page 3, the following:
To pav the amount of a judgment recowied bv John
Januv against Captains A. V. Lee and T O. Pite'x i. Fn A
Lieutenant Thomas M Jone^,and Lieutenant Colon*'! \Y.
SeavvcJl, lor damage^ toi timber cut npon the land oi Mud
Janu'- tor Fo:f Davi-, 4M ";I0, arid ^ueh turlier ^-um a-> may,
be nc re,>a.iry to p' j tlieeo-tr-ol ihc suit m which said judg-
ment wiw i emlered.
The amendment was agreed to.
'I'he next amendment was in line one hundied
and seventy-eight, page 8, to strike out u four
hundred,"and inscit " throe hundred and sixty;"
so that tlic clause will read:
Foi the manufacture of amis at the national annoue.-i,
$360,000.
Mr. PEARCE. The estimates weie J3GQ,000.
and we have only restored the estimates. No
reason was furnished th«* committee for appropri-
ating beyond the amount of the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and eighteen, page 10, to insert the follow-
ing:
Foi the following (unification5:
Foi Montgomery, Lake Champlain. New Yoik, >10,000.
Foit Kno\. Penobscot iiver, Main", .5-0,000
Foit o'i lloar I-lund L'-d^-e, I'ottland harbor, Maine,
£3(>.uoi).
Foit Win'.hrop. Governors [-land. Boston harbot, Mas-
tachu-etts, ,-ijO.UOO
Foit at entrance of New I5edfoi i haib^r, Massachusetts
$25,000.
Foit Adams. Xewpoit harbor, Kliodc bland, §5.000.
Fo;t Itichiuond. Staten I>huid. New Yoik. .S'lo.OOO^
F.eton Mt'" ol Foit Tompkins, Staten I-)and. New Yoi k,
I'oit Delaua-e. Delauaie uver, ^.>,000.
Foit (Jai roil, boHei-' Point Flats, Ba!tiuujiehaibo2,Maiy-
Frirf'(.'alhonn, rJamptou Koaih, Yjujoua, ^'oOjODO.
Ftfrt Taylor} Key Wtfst, Fiouda, ^-70,000.
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, $75,000.
Fort at Fort Point, including outworks, San Frabcisco
bay, California, $50,000.
Port at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay, California,
J|25,000.
Contingencies of fortifications, preservation of sites, pro-
tection ot titles, and repairs of sudden damage, $30,000.
Mr. LANE,^ I am directed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment,to come in after line two hundred and forty-
nine. It is to insert:
Fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, §7-5,000.
Mr. PEARCE. That was before the Commit-
tee on Finance in what are called the revised es-
timates of the engineering department; but there
is no fort there. It has never been commenced.
Jt was contemplated; but the commencement has
never been made. We are appropriating pretty
largely—I do not know the exact amount, but some
six or seven hundred thousand dollars—for forti-
fications which we have begun, which are nearly
completed, and which require repairs. We thought
it unad visabic, in the condition of the Treasury at
this time, to make appropriations for new works,
which must be very expensive, and the pressing
and immediate necessity for which was not appa-
rent to the committee. I presume it would be
very proper at some future time to make appro-
priations for this fort at Sandy Hook. It will be
a very large and expensive one. But the com-
mittee thought it was not necessary or expedient
at this time to make it,
Mr. LANE. I have no feeling on this subject.
This fort at Sandy Hook is known to be a very-
important one. Jt will command the passage as
much as any other point can to the city of New
York. The sum asked for by the Department
was $100,000. The committee agieed to cut ic
down to $73,000. They believed that the work
was necessary, that it ought to be commenced;and
in accordance with their instructions, I have offered
the amendment. I consulted the Department
having elmrge of the woik, and found they were
anxious abuut it, and looked upon it as import-
ant. I look upon this as an important point. If
the Senate are of opinion that a foit ought to be
constructed there, I believe it would be well to
commence it, foi if it is not commenced soon, it
will never be finished. J do not intend to insist
on it, but will leave the Senate to decide it.
Mr. PEARCE. i will only remark tha tat the last
session of Congress, when the subject of fortifica-
tions was before the Senate, a very caieful review
of the estimates was made by the then chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, General Da-
ms, of Mississippi; and every work which was
thought to be matciial and impoitantat that time
to make provision for, was provided for. This
is one of those objects which we thought could
wait; which was not absolutely necessary. We
have always had a difficulty with the House of
Representatives in regard to these appropriations;
and it is necessity that they should be very mod-
erate in order to secure their passage at all. The
present appropriation is put on entirely by the
Senate committee. No appropriation was made
by the House of Representatives. We have'no
knowledge that any fortification bill will be passed
there; and if we uesne to secure the completion
of other fortifications still more impoilant than
that at Sandy liook, I think we had better con-
fine ouiselvcs to the moderate appiopnattons of
the committee, which arc below the estimates sent
to us at this session.
Mr GRIMES. We cannot hear either of the
g.-iiilemen on the other side.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I will repeat, but it is
scarcely worth repeating. I stated that at th^
lasf session of Congress this subject of fortifica-
tions was carefully considered by the Senate, and
more especially by the committee _of conference
of the two Houses on the Aimy bill. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi, wh'se acquaintance with
this subject was -exceedingly accurate, was thei-
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and was a member of the committee of confer-
ence. In going over the list of fortifications esti-
mated for,he proposed to omit any appropriation
for the fort at Sandy Hook, on the belief that it
was not neecs>nry at that time; that while it
would be expedient at some time, it was not r.e-
cessaiy, 1101 was il piopei to load the bill down
with two heavy appt opriations for fortifications.
We have found it diflieult generally to obtain the
assent of the House to any appropriation? for
