252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
which is, in the first section, seventh line, after the
word " Missouri," to insert " at the mouth of the
Kansas river; thence up the valley of the said
river to the vicinity of Fort Riley."
Mr. POLK. 1 will state, Mr. President, briefly,
in explanation of the amendment, that when it is
adopted, the first section will read thus:
Starting from two points: one on the western border of
the State of Missouri at the mouth of the Kansas river, and
thence up the valley of the said river to the vicinity of Fort
Iltley; and the other on the western bolder ol Iowa.
Fort Riley is an important military station in
the western and central section of this country
that belongs as yet to the United States. My
amendment requires the road to run in the vicinity
of that fort. One great object of the road, and I
believe one of the principal objects upon which
its constitutionality is defended, is, that it is to
facilitate the transportation of troops and supplies
for the United States. This, therefore, in an emi-
nent desree, cooperates in carrying out that ob-
ject of the bill.
In the next place, the United States have a mil-
itary road now, I believe, extending from Fort
Riley down into New Mexico; New Mexico be-
;ng a little south, but a good deal west, of Fort
Riley. This, therefore, cooperates still further
n facilitating the transportation of troops and sup-
plies on the part of the United States. Hence, one
of the great objects of such a measure is neces-
sarily and directly secured by an amendment of
this kind.
If the road is to start from the western border
of Missouri, at any point north of the Kansas
river, it cannot be thirty miles shorter than it will
be if it starts at the mouth of the Kansas, and pro-
ceeds westward ly in the valley of the Kansas
river as far as Fort Riley. It will then proceed,
as jt must afterwards, going west, so as to pass
in the neighborhood of the Great Salt Lake, on
what is known as the South Pass route. You
therefore have but a very trifling and insignificant
increase of the distance, probably no increase of
expense, or certainly not in a greater proportion
than the number of miles will be; and yet you
accommodate the United States in the transport-
ation of public supplies.
Then, sir, by starting at the mouth of the Kan-
sas, or near there, a connection is established with
the Kansas branch of the Pacific railroad that is
in progress of building in the State of Missouri,
and is well nigh completed—so far completed that
it is a certainty that the State of Missouri will
very soon be able to finish that branch of its Pa-
cific railroad to Kansas City. Mr. President, the
State of Missouri was one of the first—perhaps
the very first—to take steps that were earnest and
were hopeful of success towards carrying railroad
communication from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific coast. Of her own means she has pros-
ecuted that road, until she has got it now near the
point of completion to the mouth of the Kansas
river. Then, if this connection is made, another
object is gained; and that is, that when the Kan-
sas branch of the Pacific railroad is made to con-
nect with this road, there is a connection directly
through central Illinois, central Indiana, central
Ohio,and, by means of the Pennsylvania Central
road and by means of the Baltimore and Ohio
road, first with this city, with Baltimore, with
Philadelphia; and then, by the branches that con-
nect laterally with all those great central stems
of railroad, there is connection north and south
in ail the regions between the Mississippi river
and the Atlantic sea-board.
It docs seem to me that no point could be se-
lected, and no system of connections could be es-
tablished, that would so entirely carry out that
object of the bill, which is professed as one of its
mam objects, to accommodate the United States
in the transportation of military supplies and mu-
nitions of war, and also in its mail and postal fa-
cilities. While that is so, it also accommodates
as I have already said, the central States, and ac-
commodates them so that there is necessarily easy
connection between the central line and the States
lying both south and north. It makes it, there-
fore, a central railroad so far as this branch is con-
nected.
If, however, this road shall be started at a point
materially north of that, then its connections, as
you go east, will be such as will meet the same
connections that are made with the fork of the
road that is to start on the west boundary of the
State of Iowa; and thus, in truth, so far as the
national character of the work is concerned, it
will be as though the road had but one fork at the
eastern commencement of it.
1 do not propose to detain the Senate with re-
marks on this amendment. Any Senator who
is familiar with the geography of the country,
there will see, I think, that whatever may be his
objections to the general tenorof the bill, this will
improve it. I know the amendment will not re-
move the objections of the Senator from Minne-
sota; but that Senator himself, I think, will see
that the amendment is one that would make the
road better, if the bill is to be passed and the road
is to be built as this bill intends it should be.
Therefore, I think that whoever may object to the
bill as it stands, on the ground that the more
northern of the two great routes provided for is
not far enough north, must yet be satisfied that
the routes will be made better by this amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I am in favor of
this branch of the central route starting from the
point indicated by the Senator from Missouri;
but the bill as it comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives leaves that an entirely open question.
I preferred that the bill should indicate the mouth
of the Kansas as the starting point; but it has
been left open in order that the bestpoint may be
selected—and I have no doubt that is the best one
—on the western border of the State of Missouri.
But, sir,I cannot conceive of anything that would
be more dangerous than the amendment of this
bill as it came to us from the House of Represent-
atives, on an immaterial point as to where the
road shall start on the western border of Iowa or
Missouri either; because either of those States
will be consulted, and their interest must be con-
sulted in the eastern terminus. If it starts from
the mouth of the Kansas, it will be very easy to
connect it from St. Joseph; it is a very shoitcon-
nection; and the State of Missouri and the parties
interested in the route would, of course, start it,
having the Government aid, from the furthest
point, which is the mouth of the Kansas. There-
fore, I do hope that the Senator from Missouri
will not press his amendment, for it is almost re-
duced to a certainty that, if the bill passes in its
present form, the railroad will bo located at that
very point, because it will go in the neighborhood
of St. Joseph, and there can be connected bene-
ficially, and at much less expense to the parties
who are interested in that point, than if private
enterprise were to build it further north than the
mouth of the Kansas.
I hope the bill will not be amended as proposed
by the Senator. It is of such dangerous conse-
quence to amend the bill at all unless on some
vital point, as 1 conceive this is not, that I appeal
to the friends of a Pacific railroad bill here not to
vote in favor of this amendment. I have but a
few words to add to what the Senator from New
York said, so much better than I possibly could,
this morning. It is impossible for us, in my judg-
ment, to amend the bill as it came from the House
without jeopardizing its passage during this Con-
gress. For myself, being in favor of only one
route, as he stated that he was, preferring the bill
to pass with provision for one route, I vote for
this bill because I believe it is practicable notonlv
to pass it through this body, but to build hoth
routes. I shall, therefore, go againstany amend-
ment, and I hope every friend of a Pacific rail-
road whose views arc not entirely embodied in
this bill will do away with those objections which
are not of vital consequence to his section, in
orderthat we shall have the bill as it came from the
House passed through the Senate; which will, to
a certainty, secure the building of both these
roads. I will say to my friend from Minnesota
that when the time comes, be it^to-morrow or
next day, or any time while I am in the public
service, I will stand by a separate bill to give him
what he wants—a route from Lake Superior to
Puget Sound. I have always been in favor of
every project that has been brought before the
Senate, since I have been here, for mail communi-
cation or railroad communication on that route.
If this bill had come from the House of Repre-
sentatives providing for that route, I should vote
for it with greater pleasure than I do for the bill
with two routes, because it would create no dis-
satisfaction in any section of the country. If more
than one route is to be built, three would satisfy
all sections of the country. I appeal to him, and
all those interested in his section of the country,
not t# jeopardize this bill by amending it; but
rather trust to those who are ready and willing
now to vote for a separate bill giving them pre-
cisely what they want. I believe we can pass
such a bill through both Houses of Congress.
These remarks are intended to apply to all
amendments to the bill. I hope we shall pass it
without amendment. I do not intend to consume
the time of the Senate in discussing this question.
It is well known to all of us. We have had it
under consideration for the last ten years. All I
have to say is, that I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, although I
am in favor of the point named by him as the
terminus. I am opposed to the amendment of my
friend from Minnesota, because it will jeopardize
the bill; but I will vote for a separate bill to-mor-
row, or any day on which it may bebroughtfor-
ward, for the route which he has at heart; and I
think it can be passed through the present Con-
gress.
Mr. RICE. I wish to do justice to the honor-
able Senator from California. 1 believe he has, on
all occasions, voted for measures that would pro-
mote the interests of my section of the country;
and I must say to him that,from pastexperience,
I have found ita losing business to part from good
company; I therefore prefer going along with him
on this bill, and connect the interests of my State
with those of his.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, this process of
legislation is to me very extraordinary. When
the Constitution was framed, and the legislative
power divided into two branches—one called the
Senate, representing the States, and the other the
House of Representatives, representing the peo-
ple—it was intended that each body should delib-
erate and pass in review upon all questions con-
nected with the subject-matter presented to them,
whether by individual members of their own
House, or by the other House. But now a new
system is to be inaugurated, and the Senate is to
be muzzled, and its power is to be crippled, and
its constitutional functions destroyed, by being
told the other House will not do this, and that we
must not do what ourjudgmentdictates, we must
not exercise that power with which we are in-
vested, because the other House will notagreeto
it. I will not submit to that kind of legislation.
I will take the responsibility imposed on me by
the Constitution, and I will discharge my func-
tions and my whole duty, whether the other
House fulfill theirs or not.
When a measure comes up here proposing to
take more than §100,000,000 out of the Treasury,
and when we are seeking to throw it into the best
possible shape to accommodate the people and
the public interests, and wo are told, "Let it go
wrong, let this money be wasted, because if we
do not let it go this way it cannot go at all," we
are, in point of fact'^nullifying the Constitution
that made us a coordinate branch of the Legisla-
ture, by pursuing such a course. We ought to
discharge our duty as our judgments dictate.
I have heard itsaid sometimes,and I have heard
it rebuked for being said, that if certain measures
were passed the President would veto them. The
rebuke always was this: " Each department must
discharge its own duty in its own way, and leave
the others to meet the case just as it is presented to
them." But the Senator from California is at
fault in another thing. He says that if we make
this change now we defeat the whole bill.
Mr. GWIN. Jeopardize it.
Mr. GREEN. Jeopardize the whole bill; but
yet he said before he closed that he had no doubt
we could pass a separate bill proposing the same
thing.
Mr. GWIN". The Senator will permit me to
correct him.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. I said I had no doubt that a ma-
jority of the Senate and House of Representatives
were in favor of a northern route; that is to say,
from Lake Superior.
Mr. GREEN. Oh, $o.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; from Lake Superior to
Puget Sound. I may be mistaken in this opin-
ion; but that is what I said. I said that if this
b!ll became a law, I, at least, was in favor of an-
other bill for that route. I do not know whether
it will pass or nott but I believe it will.
