1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
fortifications, and always impossible to secure
very large ones. The appropriations now pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance are about the
same amount as they were at the last session.
They are all within the estimates of the engineer de-
partment; and if we can carry anything, I suppose
we can carry those which we have recommended;
but if we enlarge them by appropriations for new
objects which the Government has never yet en-
ured upon, although contemplated for a long
time past, we shall probably fail in our effort to
make any appropriations at all. It seems to me
better to confine ourselves to the appropriations
now offered by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE. 1 will state that I hold in my
hand the revised estimates of the engineer depart-
ment, sent in on the 23d of January, by the pres-
ent Secretary of War; and he shows that they
have cut down the estimates from $1,645,000 to
$960,000, and he thinks this appropriation im-
portant. The opinion of the head of the engineer
department was conclusive upon my judgment.
He believed it was important. 1 felt satisfied,
after hearing him, that it was necessary that the
appropriation should be made and the work com-
menced. He asked for $100,000. The committee
propose to give $75,000. 1 only say this much as
an explanation of the views that controlled my
action in the matter; and I can say that the com-
mittee, 1 believe, were unanimously of the opin-
ion that this appropriation ought to be made.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, this fortification
at Sandy Hook is deemed by engineers import-
ant to complete the defense of the harbor of New
York. Anybody who is familiar with that har-
bor, and acquainted with it, will at once recog-
nize the wisdom and fitness of the opinion of the
engineers upon that subject. The estimate of the
Department for this fort, I believe, was $150,000.
In the condition of the*Treasury, the Committee
on Military Affairs thought it proper to make re-
ductions in those estimates, and put the amount
at $75,000; and they unanimously agreed in rec-
ommending its adoption to the Senate. The ap-
propriation is as asked for a new work, which Is
useful and desirable. Major Barnard and Cap-
tain Benham, who have been engineers in charge
of fortifications there, are decidedly of the opin-
ion that the work should be commenced. They
think a larger sum than the one agreed upon by
the' committee should be appropriated, and ap-
propriated at once, to go on with it; and that it
would be better to do that. In my judgment, it
is well that we should commence the work. The
other appropriations for old fortifications, or the
continuance of those commenced,has been agreed
H to by both committees. I hope the Senate will
consent to make this appropriation. It is not a
subject that needs extended elaboration or argu-
ment; but the necessity for these fortifications is
understood by us all alike. I am simply dis-
posed to state the facts and the opinions of the
engineers, and to ask the favorable consideration
of the Senate for the reduced appropriation which
was agreed upon unanimously by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is oritheadoptionof the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question being put,there were,on a divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ICING. I am disposed to state to the Sen-
ate a consideration that had its weight with the
Committee on Military Affairs. We supposed
that the commencement of this fortification and
the expenditure of this money is not compulsory
upon the Department, or upon the Administration;
but this appropriation is a mere authority to com-
mence it; and if, in the condition of the Treasury,
it is not wise or proper to go on with it, and the
demands or exigencies of the public scrvicedo not
require it, it may pass to another year, by the
discretion of the officer. I was willing, in the
committer, and T shall be willing now, to insert
any terms to that effect; but it was stated m the
committee that that power and discretion already
existed by law with the Department, and that
this wasa mere authority, if the public exigencies
demanded it, that they should commence the work.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays tf; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, Bigler, Bragg, Chandler, Clark,
Clinjrman, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fitch, Foster. Gwin,
Johnson of Arkansas, John-on ot Tennessee, King, Lane,
Latham, Morrill, Rice, Scwairt, Simmons., Suiuner, Ten
Eyek. Thomson, Trumbull, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Fessenden. Foot, Grimes, Mason j Nich-
olson, Pearce, Polk, and Powell—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. LANE. I have another amendment to
offersfor the protection of thesiteof FortMacon,
Beaufort harbor, North Carolina. It is to insert,
after line two hundred and forty-nine, the follow-
ing:
For the protection of the site of Foit Macon, Beaufort
harbor, North Carolina, $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear some
sort of an explanation of that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator from Ore-
gon will allow me, I will make a very short state-
ment. I know much more about it than he does.
I happened last summer to be there for a couple
of weeks, and went over every day to where this
fort is situated, sometimes for the surf bathing
and sometimes to catch fish, and I observed the
condition of things there, and can make a state-
ment that will satisfy any one who listens to me
that this appropriation ought to be made.
Some years ago, the Government had a fort
near this place, which was destroyed by storms;
and where that fortstood is now the middle of the
channel. The present fort is on the termination
of a long, low, sandy line, stretching some twenty
miles to the southwest. At its northeastern ex-
tremity is the fort, which is within a few hundred
yards of the channel, very conveniently situated;
but it is exposed directly to the ocean, and the
waves come in during the time ofstorms with very
great force. The fort cost the Government sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars, is well built, and
completely protects the inlet. To prevent its de-
struction m the same manner that the old fort was
destroyed, there have been two breakwaters of
large stone thrown along from the edge of the sea
up to the banks some distance; but the waves
have been drivenin with such force in great storms
that they have got above this, and are cutting
away the sand above them. In addition to that,
the woik is not yet completed as it was intended.
There was intended to be another line of stone a
little to the southwest, as a temporary protection
against storms; and a great many stakes or piles
were driven m the sand, but they have been swept
away—a portion while I was there, and the rest
will soon go; and the probability is that, in a very
heavy storm, the waves may go above these piers
and destroy the fort. A little more stone thrown
above that, and an additional line of breakwater,
of one hundred or two hundred yards to the north-
west, may probably protect it 
Mr. BRAGG. My colleague will allow me to
read from the report of the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it recommended by
the Secretary ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes; there is an estimate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the estimate?
Mr. BRAGG. Ten thousand dollars.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will conclude m u mo-
ment, by stating that this harbor is easily access-
ible. It is one of the few harbors that can be
entered freely from the ocean without tacking; and
when the ship gets in, it has six or seven miles of
deep water. On the bar, the water there is clear
twenty feet. It is the best harbor for many hun-
dred miles. The fort has cost something above
half a million dollars, is well built, and will be
very valuable; and is liable to be destroyed in this
way by a few storms.
Mr. PEARCE. I believe this is a very proper
appropriation. We had the subject before the
committee at the last session; and u was supposed
then they might provide for it out of the general
fund for the preservation of sites, &c. I think it
should be appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to it
at all.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. LANE. I have another amendment to
offer, to insert, after line two hundred and fifty-
two, on page 11, the following:
Repairs ami alterations of barrack-*, quarter.*, and hospi-
tal store-ioom>and tenet's, at peimducnt po^ts nut occupied
by troops, $10,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move further to amend, bv di-
rection of the Committee on Military Affairs, by-
inserting after line two hundred and fifty-two—
For the construction of a military post m or near the val-
ley ot" the Rfd River of the North, between the forty-sixth
and forty-mnth de^recf. of north latitude, $."i0,0fl'>; the site
to be selected and the post built under the direction of the
Secretary ot War.
Mr. PEARCE. This is the same appropria-
tion we had up last year, and it was argued by
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] and by
others. I believe the Senate did not then adopt
it. I shall not repeat the argument against it.
Mr. RICE. The Senator is mistaken. After
a long discussion, it was adopted with only six
votes in the negative.
Mr. PEARCE. And stricken out in the com-
mittee of conference ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I have another amendment to
offer, to follow the amendment which has just
been adopted:
For the survey of the sites and commencement of defens-
ive works, as follows:
At Puget Sound and the system of waters having their
confluence with the Pacific at the entrance of the Straits
De Fuea, $50,000.
At the mouth of the Columbia rivci, $50,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that there cannot really be any very great
danger of invasion or trouble over there, in the
present state of the Treasury, and that it would
be quite as well to let this appropriation stand
for a year or two. Is there any great necessity
or hurry for erecting fortifications on the Pacific
coast? 'Is there any apprehension of danger?
The Treasury, at the present time, is in the most
depleted state; and we have endeavoured all along
to make just such appropriations, and no more,
as were absolutely essential to carry on the Gov-
ernment; and it docs seem to me to be the most
unwise thing in the world to begin the erection
of works which have not been commenced, or to
make large appropriations for surveys of new
works. If theie was any sort of apprehension;
if there was any need of them, in any shape or*
form, I certainly would make no objection; but to
begin merely for the sake of saying we have got
an appropriation, I really think is hardly wise in
the present state of the Treasury.
Mr. PEARCE. This is not consideied of
pressing necessity at this time by the engineer
department; for it is not included in their revised
estimates at all, which they sent us a few weeks
since. We have already added about one hun-
dred and forty-five thousand dollars to the appro-
priations for these objects, recommended by the
Committee on Finance. The amendments so far
made by the Senator from Oregon, I believe, add
aboutone hundred and forty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. POLK. How much did the House appro-
priate ?
Mr. PEARCE. The House appropriated noth-
ing. The Committee on Finance of the Senate
appropriated aboutsix hundred thousand dollars;
and adding §,145,000 since put on, we have $745,000
now on the bill. As the Senator from'Maine has
observed, the condition of the Treasury admon-
ishes us that it is unwise to make these large ap-
propriations. I am not sure that it is not ridicu-
lous; for, perhaps, it might be likened to a very
large legacy given by an insolvent testator.
[Laughter.] I think we had better keep moder-
ation in view.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I look upon this
appropriation as more important and more neces-
sary, at this time, thanany appropriation we have
made. A survey of the coast of Pugct Sound is
authorized by this amendment for the purpose of
fixing points to be fortified. Everybody can see
the importance of the work. It is convenient to
the British territory, but a few hours to Vancou-
ver's Island; and, if trouble should take place at
all, our entire coast there is unprotected; and the
same may be said of the Columbia river. These
appropriations,! believe, have been recommended
by almost every Secretary of War, annually, for
a number of years, unfil'they despaired of ever
getting an appropriation. The other day, Gen-
eral Totten, who is at the head of the engineer
department, who has been in that country, anu
examined it personally, to ascertain the points
that ought to be fortified, came before the com-
mittee, and pointed out the importance of tht,uf
works so clearly that, if his statement could be
