1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to raise a question
in the first place. The culinary coursc of pro-
ceeding on these appropriation bills has been de-
parted from in this case. The ordinary course
has been first to act on the amendments proposed
by theCommittee on Finance; but here, it seems,
there are amendments to those amendments. Or-
dinarily, these additional matters comc 111 after-
wards. What! wish to know is—because itcame
up on the civil appropriation bill the other day in
• regard to the appropriation tor the distribution of
some collections at the Smithsonian Institution—
whether, when we set into the Senate, the ques-
tion will be on the whole amendment as amended,
or on the amendments that are made to the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance. I
do not want to be embarrassed by having this
amendment made in committee, and then be told
that I must talce the whole or nothing when it
comes into the Senate to be considered. I should
like to know what the course of proceeding is.
Mr. LANE. The Senator knows he can select
any one of theseamendments, and have a separate
vote on it.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I am not quite so sure of
that. The Senate is going on making amend-
ments to the amendment which was proposed by
the Committee on Finance. Now, this amend-
ment to the amendment being acted upon, the ques-
tion returns on the amendment itself as amended;
and if that be adopted in the Committee of the
Whole, we then go into the Senate; and what is
the result? What is the question there Is it on
the wholeamendment asamended, or is it first on
the amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator would have it in his power to
call for a separate vote on any amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN.^ Any amendment to the
amendment *
The PRESIDING OFFICER Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is understood, I
have no sort of objection to having these amend-
ments to it acted on here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The following
amendment is ofFeied by the Senator from Oiegon,
from the Committee on Military Aflaius:
Foi completing: {he hanaiks and quartets at FoitAbei-
ciombte, 'Minnesota, aeeoidmg to the plans ami estimate1-;
of the officei in charge, .v39,8U  .'W.
Mr. PEARCE. i do not see any estimate f~r
that. I should like to be infoi med if tiiereis one.
It was not before tho'ComnnUee on Finance.
Mr. RICE. I will state that this fort is in what
is now Dakota Territory, and the only fort ?-ast
of the Missouii nver. Some twenty thousand
dollars were appropriated a few years ago, and
the work was partly constructed; but owing to the
want of funds it was nof completed. This is the
regular estimate coming from the War Depait-
ment, for the completion of the stables and putting
the work in readiness for the reeept-on of troops.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
somn evidence in regaid to (he necessity of this.
Here we are going on putting m these amend-
ments without knowing much about them. I
should like to have an explanation.
Mr. PEARCE. I perceive among the papers
which the Senator from Oregon has handed tome,
a letter from the (Quartermaster General, who
says:
" I r^peetfullv Mibmil herewith an estinut<>for the pub-
lic buildup- ;it fort Abeteiombie. with a plan.'"
Then I find there is an estimate here of funds
recjuned "for the purchase of building materials
required for the foi tress, store-houses,(fee., at Foi t
Abcieromlne. " It seems to me for building houses
merely, I suppose for the officers, " flooring, shin-
gles, window sash," &c., " stable," &c., ant^
total amount is $'2y,990. If is not satisfactory to
me. 1 do not see anything that states the neces-
sity of it. There is merely an estimate of what it
would cost; that is all. Theie is no statement
showing its necessity; no recommendation spe-
cifically by the Secretary of War. He says he
incloses the leport ot the Q,uaitermaster General
on this subject. 1 suppose it is in reply to a letter
addressed to him by the Miht.uy Committee.
Mr. RICE. No, sir; itcame directly from the
Department.
Mr. PEARCE. That ia all I see in it. It does
not seem to me to be proper to insert the appro-
priation upon these statements,
Mr. RICE. This fort has rlready cost f£Q,Q0Q.
Winter before last, there were two or three com-
panies there; and in consequence of the weather
! being very cold, the quarters not being finished,
I and they having no stables, the Department was
obliged to send the entire command south. I will
state to the honorable Senator from Maryland,
that the cost of sending these companies south,
with all their supplies, and bringing them back
again in the spring, was a sum much larger than
what is asked to complete the quarters. It is a
fort that has been recommended by the Depart-
ment. The original appropriation was made in
1854. I admit that it is a temporary fort; but it
is a somewhat important one. There are on the
west of it some twenty-five thousand Indians: and
it is the only military post in that entire country.
This appropriation is to finish the buildings and
construct a stable. I.hope the Senate will adopt
the amendment; but I have no desire to consume
time in regaid to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are there any troops
there?
Mr. RICE. There are two or tlnee companies
there now. Major Day is in command.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very surprising to
me that there has been no sortof recommendation
from the Department for this.
Mr. RICE. I meant to have said something
in regard to that before. The Secretary of War,
when he sends in the estimates from the various'
quartermasters, makes no lecommendation. He
simply sends them with his repoit. This fort
being so far distant, the estimates of the regular
quartermaster did not reach here until after the
annual report was sent in, and then this was sub-
mitted as a supplemental estimate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr PEARCE. It certainly is not germane to
this amendment. It is not an appropriation for
a fortification propeily So called. It is foi erect-
ing buildings; and it ought to comc in as a sepa-
i ate amendment, and not be attached to the amend-
ment for fortifications.
Mr. RICE. It is for a fortification.
Mr. PEARCE. It is for an establishment that
belongs to the qmutermaster'sdepaitment. Itis
not a regular fort, but a temporary station, as I
understand, and it ought to stand by itself, and
not bo put on the appropi iations for foi tincations
1 proper. Tin; gentleman can offer it after the Com-
mit fee « n Finance get through their amendments.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
1 If a question of order be made as to the relevancy
| of this amendment as an amendment to theamend-
, ment to winch it isolFered, the Chan cannot rec-
| ognize a distinction between barracks for troops
I and other wotks of fortification, and therefore
| thinks the objection is not well made. The Chair
; regards the amendment to the amendment as in
| order.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish Senators would
oiler these as distinct amendments after wc get
through the amendments of the committee. I
dislike to have them embarrassed,
i Mr. RICE* This is moved by the committee
! unanimously.
! Mu FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the
, amendments of the Committee on Finance. I
j want to take our amendments first, aceouling to
j the usual course, and then let gentlemen present
I theirs as distinct propositions.
j Mr. RICE. If the Senate will not adopt this
amendment, I desire only to say that if, in con-
sequence of a lefusal to make tins appropriation,
an estimate should come in next year ot the cost
of sending these troops south and taking them
back fujuin—and if the cost of that should amount
to £100,000—I hope gentleun n will give me an
opportunity to remind them of it.
■ Mr. FESSENDEN- Certainly, if the Senator
j will have this offered in Us proper place as an
: amendment to the bill, I shall be willing to act on
! it fairly; but I do not like to have our amend-
ments embarrassed by a vast number of arnend-
, nients comim> from o.lier committees.
; Mr RICE. I do not nice to have any emhar-
rassmt nt in this maU<.i; and I will ask the hon-
orable Senator fiom Maine if he will take charge
. of the panel g, and send them to the War Depai t-
ment, and ask for a leport, and then bring the
matter before the Finance Committee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can do that
himself.
Mr. RICE. But it will pass out of mv hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. You can
withdraw this for the present, and offer it after
the amendments of the Finance Committee are
through.
Mr. RICE. I shall not object to that being
done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator fiom
Oregon to let the vote be taken on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Finance, and then
he can offer his in the usual way as independent
propositions ?
Mr. LANE. I am wwllmg to accede to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the better way,
and itis the usual course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Oregon as withdraw-
ing his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LANE. Yes* sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the adoption of the amendment re-
lating to fortifications, as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand that, when we
come into the Senate, we can except fiom adop-
tion such amendments as have already been
adopted in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, without any doubt, that any amendment
to an amendment adopted in committee can be
reached in the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. We are not precluded by this
vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir. The
question is on the adoption of the amendment
ielatmg to foitifieations, as amended.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, to add to the first section:
For deficiency to cover expendituies. made by the Ctuaj-
teimastcibuiean, m coitM'quence ol Indian hostilities,
dining the cutient fi cal \eat, namely:
Incidental expense^, £'.">70>0>-1.
Tran-poitution ot troop-s and Mippliet?, .^'413,-164.
Bauaeksand quaiteis, ,sj 7^,887.
Mr. PEARCE. Pei haps it is proper that I
should state that the Committee on Finance re-
ceived a communication which, though dated in
January, was only leceived by them a short time
since from the Secietaryof War, communicating
this letter of the Q,uaitermaster Geneial:
Cie.vrteumas.tnt GJ.nlrai/S Office,
W \shi\u'ion, I). C * January 15, 1861.
Fir • T iv^p<>etlu]ly <• ubiint heiewith ae c-tunate of lunda
leiputed to eovei evpendituu'S. made by the quaitenna&-
tei % d-'pattment in consequence ol Indian hostilities dating
the cin.ent 1kc.iI yc«t
The suppto-ion of the^c Indian hostilities, wa> not pro-
vided foi in the appiopih-itioii fortius, year. As they could
not be foie^een, s>uch hea\v charges- upon it wilt leave a
turn quite inadequate to don ay the oidmuiy expent-cw of the
quaiteimabters depaitment duiiny the yeai. I theieiorc
res-peettallv suggest that this estimate be submitted, with
your appioval, to ('onsic^s,
This estimate lias not been submitted sooner, because all
the accounts of the expendituies in question, winch were
necoftsaiy, have been leceived only lecently. Ai the re-
called N.ivujoe war i-j not concluded, ?o much ot' tiie esti-
mate as tclate-j to it is: conjcetuial.
1 have the honoi to he, sit, vciy respectfuliv, youi obedi-
ent tervaut, ' J E, JOHNSTON.
Quca tn rio&tcr Genet at.
Hon. J. IIolt. Secretin ij of War ad into i,v
Then follow the estimates:
Jlfhhiiorial atimaic of j and s ? eqiared by the quai tcrmaslcr' >
depaitment to corcr expenditures alrcadii made cud Jells
inotited m consequence of Indian hostilities in New Mac-
too, the military department of Coh/oi mo, and hythcKiou a
cnu! Comanche tribes, iihwk, not bciiif antictjiuted, i*rrc
not embraced inXhe annual estimates yiepared in this
ofjicc.
Incidental expenses  6^)084
Reyni/iLs —Tin* item einbraoes pa\ merits made
to companies of guides and spies called into f-ci vice
in New Mexico dining the expedition against the
Nav.ijoe Indian?, in the winter of and
which wen? s-uspenderi in the settlement ot the
accounts of rJisbujsing offieei?. theie being no ap-
piopiution to covei them.
Tiansportation of tioops and pupphes  473,404
Remarks —Two handled and hm -two thou-and
seven^hundied doltais ot tin* amount h.i? been
paid foi the tidiis.port.iti<u of supplies to fort-.
Lamed and Wise, posts<*st.il>li<siied during tin; la-st
year in consequence ot* the hostile di-posfiion
evinced b\ the Kiowa and Comanche Indians in
tin' wcotoin paii of tin' T"rutoiv ot ;
£101,000 i, j.-quncd to iemibur«e fiie Deprntment
l'~>i p.H'ineijis ali<nd\ made and fot debts incuried
on aeeountoi Indian hostilities m Cat son Valley m
tie spun/ and summer of IboJ ; the p'-ulu^ "i^ a
eon|cctinal estimate of the expend.tute- that have
been mad'"1 and aie iill bem^ mad" in the cam-
paign against the Navdjoy Indians m New Mcxico.
Baur.eks and qunitei-i  178,^7
