254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
the Senator from Vermont, following so closely
upon the line indicated by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, gives us to understand that we musteither
take this bill or be charged with defeating the
whole project. I wish to vote for a reasonable and
fair bill to aid in the construction of a Pacific
railroad; but I cannotvotefor this bill, especially
unless the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri be adopted. Now,letussee. It is evident
that the cities of St. Louis, Louisville, Cincinnati,
Baltimore, and Philadelphia, are purposely left
out of this bill, Iowa has her branch, and then
it is left to the choice of particular individuals to
locate the Missouri branch. If you locate it as
the Senator from Missouri proposes, at the mouth
of the Kansas river, you are m connection with
the present line of railroads from the cities of Bal-
timoreand Philadelphia westward across the coun-
try.
The Senator from California thinks the corpo-
rators would make this as we desired; and that
brings me to another and capital objection to the
bill. It names certain individuals; and as the
Senator from Missouri truly said, it gives to them
alone any possible chance of ever constructing
the road. They are named; they are to be incor-
porated, and nobody else. If the State of Cali-
fornia chooses to grant her act of incorporation
to other parties, they cannot come in under this
bill. It must be these gentlemen. Move than
that: they arc armed with authority to keep every-
body else out. Listen:
" And such poisons as a majority of euch grantees shall
admit as their associates.;j
It is not to open books of subscription, where
every man can go, if he chooses, and subscribe
stock. These gentlemen are selected by name.
They are to vote upon the admission or exclusion
of everybody else; and the Legislatures of the
States and Terntories must give them an act of
incorporation, or there is no road. That is the
law. Here comes another proviso:
"Prodded, That in any incorporation of themselves, or
with otlici.s as .stockholders or partneis, to cany out the
proviMOiis of UiH an, no person s-hati he jn'iuntted to sub-
rciibo stoelc to a greater amount than the rash value of his
estate, to be deteimmed by the pat tie* herein named, by
oath or otherwise."
So that, even if a man comes forward and offers
to subscribe stock, it is purely at their discretion
to decide whether the cash value of Ins estate is
sufficient for him to be allowed to become a stock-
holder. Why, sir, the bill is full of it from be-
ginning to end. You can scarcely turn over a
page in which you do not find that the Govern-
ment proposes to give its money and its lands into
the hands of particular individuals, and arm them
with the power to coerce the legislation of the
States and Territories; and, if that is the price of
the Pacific railroad, the Pacific railroad may go.
Well, sir, there are a great many other provis-
ions here that I doubt our power to pass. We
have gone on to declare what shall be the terms
of certain arts of incorporation to be granted by
the Legislatures of the States. This bill carries
tiie railroad into the State of California and into
the State of Texas; and my friend from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden*] suitests to me, in regard to that
southern road, something* which is a little aston-
ishing. That is to have two branches: one from
the western border of Missouri, and one from the
western border of Louisiana. It is stipulated that
they shall not come together east of the meridian
of 970; but they may never come together till they
reach the borders of California, and thus have two
southern roads instead of one.
Now, sir, that is preliminary to what I was
about to say. Here is a bill which, as the Sen-
ator from New York says, proposes to appropri-
ate $96,000,000, the largest amount of money we
have ever given for any purpose. It proposes to
confei a principality in land. It has never been
to any committee of the Senate. It is brought
here from the House of Representatives, read
twice, and now it is proposed to put u upon its
passage; and when an amendment, that the Sen-
ator from California himself acknowledges to be
right, is proposed, we are to have it voted down,
under the general declaration that we must take
what the House give us, or there shall be nothing
at all.
Sir, I will give no vote on any such require-
ment. I do deem it important that there should
be a connection between the Pacific States and
the States of the Mississippi valley. I am anx-
ious to give my vote for any measure which can
honestly and fairly promote that; but I will not
allow the interest of individuals to intrude into a
question as large as that. I will never hand over
the Treasury of the United States, and the public
domain of the United States, into the hands of
particular persons who have the power to exclude
everybody else.
Now, this bill must be amended. It ought to
be amended. I have pointed out two or three
objectionable things which have occurred to me,
and I doubt not, there are others. The way to
pass the bill is, to refer it to a committee of this
Senate, and have it examined fairly and carefully.
Then, if the House of Representatives are anxious
for a bill, I take it for granted they will give the
same fair consideration to our proposition, if we
agree upon one, that we shall give to theirs; but
I "think, in its present shape, the bill is utterly de-
fective, and as soon as the amendment of my
friend from Missouri has been voted upon, I think
the best thing the Senator from California can do
is to commit his bill, either to the standing Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, or, if he prefers it, to
a select committee.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, trusting that
this bill would pass without discussion—suppos-
ing that each Senator had made up his miml as
to its merits—I was content to forego the present-
ation of my own views upon the amendment
presented by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Polk,] as well as all other questions relating to
the bill, in hope that so vital a matter to my own
constituents would immediately become a law.
The evident spirit manifested not only by the
Senator from Missouri, but also the remarks
which have fallen from the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. PuGii,J as well as other Senators, compel
me to not only reply to this amendment, but also
to allude to the loading arguments in favor of this
great measure. Objections which have been here-
tofore urged, are again presented, and require a
prompt refutation by the friends of the Pacific
railroad. My friend from Ohio knows full well
that the great difficulty in past legislation on this
subject has been, that the local interests of Sen-
atois and Representatives have not been able to
be overcome. This very amendment was ofleicd
in the House, and voted down by a very large
vote, ft lid utterly impossible to locate the term-
inus of this or any other railroad contemplated,
at a given point, without exciting groat opposi-
tion and general dissatisfaction. 1 may be asked
why this bill locates one point of the southern road
at Fort Smith. I answer, I do not know, unless
it originated from the fact, that by starting one
branch at Fort Smith, the southern company
would be prevented fiom committing a fraud by
blending the two roads whore the States of Louis-
iana and Arkansas join. I know of no other
reason, and probably m this I am taxing my in-
genuity. Ikit 1 am sure that if even that was pre-
sented as an amendment, to wit: the location of
one branch at FortSmith, I should oppose it, un-
less for some such reason as the one I suppose
actuated the spceial committee of the House.
Having said this much m relation to the amend-
ment proposed, I tiust, I will now be excused, in
view of the great interest my constituency feel
in this bill, in adding a few thoughts to those al-
ready delivered by the distinguished Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward.]
Upon a previous occasion I stated to the Senate
that the people of California, and, as I believe, the
people of the entire Pacific coast, were loyal to
this Government m every respect. My lilend
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] misunderstood me
as saying that their allegiance depended upon the
passage of this measure. Not so, however. I
then said, as 1 explained to the Senate, that while
the failure to give this railroad might weaken their
attachment, yet it could not destroy their alle-
giance. I know it reasonably may be doubted,
whether, in the present distracted state of our
country, this is a propitious moment for urging
the construction of a railway to the Pacific ocean
upon the consideration of Congress. It is hardly
to be presumed that a subject on which it was
impossible tu unite the country m time of pro-
found internal peace, should meet with better suc-
cess now, when sectional parties have sprung up
among us, threatening to subvert the Constitu-
tion itself, and to severihcfraternalcompactwbich
binds us together as a nation. Yet the very fact
that we meet here daily as usual, to confer and con-
sult with each other as to the best means of secur-
ing the peace and happiness of the people, and of
passing laws fortheirgovernmentand general wel-
fare, is encouraging to the patriot and statesman,
as it carries with it the gratifying assurance that,
in the midst of hostile fanaticism, the men in-
trusted with the cares of State are not appalled,
but quietly, calmly consider, with that dignity
which befits their stations, those general topics
affecting every class of society and every interest
of our common and beloved country.
Mr. President, this great republican Confed-
eracy is yet bound together by other ties than
mere political ones. We have yet other interests
to subserve besides those of personal ambition,
geographical predilections, local prejudices, or
sectional bias. We are a great people, spread
over avast continent, having not only a thousand
thoughts, feelings,aspirations, and hopes,in com-
mon with one another, but having also a common
language, a common history, and a common and
indissoluble future destiny. We belong to each
other, because we belong to ourselves, and because
we could not be ourselves and be separated. It
is our Union, for our mutual benefit, and without
individual sacrifice, which bestows upon us the
distinctive character of .Americans—a name hith-
erto cherished, honored and exalted throughout
the civilized world, and which we would lose,
and with it all its prestige, and all the hopes which
mankind attach to it, were we, in fratricidal ha-
tred, to commit a monstrous suicide, with our
task but half done, our historical mission left un-
finished, our power as yet undeveloped, in the
full enjoyment of our youthful energies, and with,
as yet, scarcely the consciousness of manhood,
hopelessly and despondingly tottering to the
grave. There is a classic proverb, Mr. President,
those " whom the gods love, die young;" but it
does not apply to nations. They have no life
beyond the grave. Their rewards and punish-
ments are of this world, and recorded in the his-
tory of mankind. They are judged upon earth;
and their example is a warning, or an incentive
to emulation, to futuie peoples. And would it
not be strange if, in the latter half of the nine-
teenth century, when the disjected members of
the nations of Europe pass through an heroic
struggle for reunion, rivaling, in patriotic intens-
ity and noble self-sacrifice, the most brilliant
deeds recorded in classic history, we, the last born
and most favored of civilization, enjoying the
benefit of the lessons of all preceding ages, should
madly rush into disruption and political annihi-
lation ?
I still hope that the passions of the times will
subside, and that the checks and balances fur-
nished by the Constitution will prove equal to the
preservation of all our institutions and laws, and
that we shall rise from the present crisis in our
national affairs, stronger, wiser, and more united
than ever. Cherishing those hopes, and unshaken
in my political faith, I, for one, shall continue to
discharge my duty to my constituents and to the
whole country, regardless of the terrorism of fac-
tion and the hypothetical threats and menaces of
men unduly excited by the apprehension of evils
which it is still in our power to avert or to over-
come. And what measure furnishes a more sugges-
tive subject for public discussion than the long-pro-
posed, much-discussed, and diversified schemes
of a national railway, connectmgour vast posses-
sions on the Atlantic with our new empire on the
Pacific ocean ? What other measure is better cal-
culated to increase the faith of the people in the
permanency of our institutions? What stronger
proof can we give to the civilized woild of our
determination to remain united than to fasten an
iron girdle round our loins, which shall be both
emblematic and indicative of our indissoluble
union ?
All our railways are so many iron clamps which
give solidity and strength to our Federal relations;
but the Pacific railway will be more than that. It
will be a solid arch, spanning our distant oceanic
shores, upon which the whole fabric may restas
upon an iron foundation. The great artery of our
internal commeiee, the '* father of wateis, "flows
uninterruptedly Horn North to South, mocking
the idea of separation; but the East ami West are
separated by mountains, and that separation must
be annihilated by genius and labor, aided by the
national sentiment.
