1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1215
Remark —Owing to Indian ho^tihne* tn Cat-
son \ ailcj , it becamc neccs-aty, in the uidgmem
of the commanding olfieei of the depaitmem o>
California, 10 e^ttibli-h a post in thai m-cuoii ot
countiv: and as i* impomnt to give Midler
this vvrntet to the rioop- otdeied then* ,iml to th"
public ptoiep, the buildings lor those puipo-ce* ivpk
cr-isuiien d rapidly and at a heavy expense to the
United Stater-, caused mainlv 1)} the difticultv of
obtaining mechanical labor and ot proem nisi build -
in« nnneuais. The turn (or winch an estimate i- 
now made is inquired to paythe expense^ ahead)
UK-lined at that point.
Total $
 :r.
j. i: kwxsto.v
Quaiternxaster Gcncial.
OrAKTKnMASTER General'S OI HCE,
WaSjIHNHTON, 1). t\, Janutny 13, lb61.
Tiic amendment wws agreed to.
Tlie next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the second section of the
bill in the following words:
Sno. ~ And be it jurthci encetrtK That J lie Mini of&l ,53.),-
318 Ub be. and the same i- heiehy, appiopuaicd, out ot' any
money in the Tiea-uij not oth.u v. appsopunted, lot the
suppmt and maintenance oi a regiment of mounted volun-
teer-; lot Use deteiw ot tin; iiontiei ot Texas, to h 1 lasted
!)i put-nam e ot an ai t appioved \pc it't. liroS, entitled •• An
act to pi ovide ioi the organization oi a ictr uncut of mounted
volunieejs lot the dctense ot th" iiontiei of Texas, and to
authorize the Pie-.ident to cai! into the service ol the Uni-
ted State-, two additional regtm'UiN of voie.uteeis "
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the-Finance Committee are now
thiough with.
Mr. PEARCE. I hoc; leave to submit one more
amenument in behalf of the committor Under
the head of " arsenals,'5 I move to strike out the
appropi iation of ^4.350 for the Texas aisenal.
This arsenal has passi d out of the possession of
the United States into the hands of tin: State of
Texas, and it would seem theiefore not appro-
priate that we should make any appropriation Un-
its impi ovement.
The amendment wa^ agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I have some amendments to offer
from the Committee on Military Allans. The
first one, I believe. will be apptoved generally.
It is right and propel, and ought to be adopted.
It makes no appropriation, it is to add to the
bill, as an additional section:
JlutWc it furthc) minted That tin' filth -section of the act
of the ;>d Mai eh. 1SJM. ehaptei on'1 bundled and ei-ilit. be,
and the t-aim is hcein\ icp 'died ; and all tie: power.- ami
amhoiitv tln'eln content d upo'i the S(ent:u\ of the Jn
tenor he", and thev aie hetem, icstoied to the Secretary oi
Wai.
This is to restore the management of Indian
affairs to the Wat Department. Thai is wheint ;
ou^ht to be, amt fiom which it nevei should have ,
been remo v ed. This has been recommended e vei y ■
}reat, I beln vi-; an'! eveiybody xvho has exam- I
Hied th'1 cpc'stion, or .vlio undeistands the man- ;
aireiiiont of Indian affairs, will say that that bureau ^
should he und'-r the War Department. I trust
the'amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I have another amendment ftom
the Committee on Militai}' Allans, which will
explain itself:
And be if further enacted. That everv peison not
to the iales and mticle^of wai, who -liali procure or ennee
a soid>ei in the -eiviceot the United "51atto dc-ci t, < i w no
s<hall hmboi, conceal, oi <.nve emplo\ im-nt to a de-eitci. oi
can \ hiiii awav or aid tn eai i\ mu in in a\\a\, know tn^ him
to h" Mien, ej v\ ho sij,i|[ pmcha-e hotnauv soidiei his aims,
equipments, u ml o: in. cloth inc. ot ai.j p'ltl t !vi"o! ; oi an v
eap'asn ot c.iiniiiiindni;!' olheei 01 an> ^h:p or vc-m 1 eau \ -
lnx awaj anv such souhct sis one oi h is crew , oi ot'iet vvi-1.
knomnu him to lia\c dcM-rted. oi v-hu shah niu-e to de-
l.vei h n n tip to tin ord'M - ot hi- com in iiKitn^ otl«, et, shnli.
on le .i! eon\Ktion, I)" lined,at the di-netnm o; an\ cotnt
li.ivni" cot'inzance ot tho same, ra an\ • 'im not exeeeihmr
{jjUO. and lie impi i-oncd not i \c>.edni^ m o j (.a:
Mr. HALE. 1 move to am 'hd the amendm< nt
by sinking out that pLnt of it which inipos'-s a
penalty foi harboring a deseiter.
Several Sr:N*ATon.^. L°t us strike it all out.
Mr. HALE. It is suggested by my Jnends
ihat v;c had h< ttcr kill it all". 1 hope that will be
done.
Mi. CLARK. This is not the pioper place
for it.
Mi. LANE. I hope no one wants to encour-
age el- S'T!" il
""Mr. (rU'MES. But we do not want a criminal
code in an appropriation lull
rl lie ami. .'Uni<o
iliti'mi ("V.^
v;as leieeted—ayes thirteen,
Mi. LANE i h:>\ < another amendmeni as an
additional section, and 1 tather hope it will meet
the same fatr:
And he \t nether rnactcd, That the bounty giant by the
thild <ci tton ol the net of i'rh June. iS.>U, tor enlistmcntnt
i emote and di-taiit ^tatioii-,and the pi em nan now paid for
hunting acceptv'd lecruits to the rendezvous, be and they
are hetel'a , aboh-hed.
And he it f'tiHt.?) <'nacted. That flnegmtj as a punishment
4br deseitioit fiom the Army, k hereby iiboh^hed.
And he -it fitithcr enacted, 'i'hat hereafter two doilaisper
month r-hall be k tained out of the monthly pay of all on-
lifted men i,i tiic Army, until the expiration of their time
of >erviee. in-tead of one dollar per month as authonzed
by the existm" laws.
And f/c it fui I tun cnactcd, That in all ca^e^ ot enlistment
and teenht-tment m the Army, the piesciibed oath of alle-
giance may he adminu-teied by any commissioned otfieer
of the Auny.
This amendment is very jjlairi, and Senators
can see the object of it; but without the other, it
is baidly germane to the bill. In the first place,
the committee believed that it was necessary to
protect the Aimy from desertion; and in oider to
prevent so fiequent desertions, it was proposed
to punish such as should induce deseition, as
should persuade a soldier to desert, such as should
harbor and protect him after he did desert, or who
should carry him away. Coupled with that pro-
vision, to remove one jjreat cause of deseition,
we proposed to abolish flogging. Right after that
amendment, if it should have been ndopted, after
throwing that guard around the service, it would
be right to abolish flogging; but the Senate saw
proper to vote down thu first amendment, and this
is hardiy germane now. It has no proper mean-
ing without the other; and as the other was voted
down, I cannot see any necessity for adopting this. ■
Mr. PEAItCE. 1 shall \ ote against the amend-
ment, for the reasons so admirably urged by the
Senatoi.
Tho amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, i have an amendment now to
offei, so just that 1 think no Senator xvill oppose
it. It is to provide for sonic persons in Califor-
nia and Oregon, who have been in service in In-
dian wais, and who have receiv(d pay for such
service, small though it be—eight dollars per
month, and we propose now, in addition to that,
to give them the benefit of the bounty land Jaw;
to extend its provisions to such persons as have
rendered service and Inve been paid for the ser-
vice:
Am!he it furthe) rnndetU That the piovisions of the act
of tiic 3d .M.'ueh, b u, ehapjei two Inindied atwl &c\en,
••gtanlms bonno lands to eeiiain otheeis and :-o!dicrs who
have been etmaiicd in the nulitaiy service of the United
Slate-," be cxiended s-o a- to include all lb" troop< which
have [>cen.o)uia\ heieaitei he, paid foi "~<vi\ ice> iiciemlotc
leu dried in the sii ppr e^-um o! hid i. in ho-Ultlio tn the States
ot oiccjo'i and CaLlouna and in the Temlory of Wa-lr-
illSit<ill
The question beinj? put, the Presiding Officer
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mt. LANE. I should like to have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. LANE. Now I want to give the reasons
that controlled the Committee on Military Afl-in s
in dnecting me to oiler tins amendmeni. All the
1 soidieis who ha\e served in any war with a for-
| eign i'iii-iny — in the war with Gt eat Britain, in the
w ar with \jexie(), or in any Indian war that lias
oee,urred m this e-uiniry, and that has been lecog-
' ni7ed, if ihey have been paid as soldiers—are,
i under the law of entitled to a bounty land
i warrant, in Oiegon, m 5.'i, we had an Indian
' wai, and Congress did not hesitate, alter paying
1 the men a Jair compensation for then services, to
! extend the pio\ismn-.i of ihe hnv ot 163.") to the
: so'dieis wjio s- rved in that uar; md every man
who vv a - entitle d to pay for ^e, % ic s n ndejvd, re-
(j i \ ed 1im land w irre n t for one h und red -md sixty
' ae.res of land. Now I slnvtld like to know how
an v Senator can disct jimmmle between the soldiers
of that warand those of the wat of 1H35 and ISoCm
■ Oregon and Washmirton, or how he can discrim-
■ mate between the soldiers of other wars and those
who have served in California since that time.
Cetlamiy no soidieis ever setved in any war in
Ameii'M who wete so pculypaid as we are now
moviding for payn.ii "iir soidieio «m that coast.
No soldiei'^ever m ndered niou importantsorvice,
. Midmvd greater f.ui^ue, hatdshtp, or sailertng
' than they: and by your own action, inst.ad ol
. allowing lit' price that your boaid of Aimy om-
! cars behoved they were entitled to, they are cut
1 down to eleven dollais a month; and u is pro-
vided that that shall be their whole compensation,
unless you will extend the provisions of the
bounty land law. Upon what principles of jus-
tice, I ask, can the Senate refuse to extend (he
provisions of that law to soldiers who have served
in the Indian wars there, when they have extended
them to the soldiers of every other war. What
reason, what justice, what right is there in it?
I cannot see why any Senatorcan refuse to vote
for this amendment, unless it is that it provides
for compensating soldiers m Oregon. If that is
it, it may be voted down, just as the fortifications
were that I moved; but, if Senators are willing to
deal justly by all portions of the country, and
that is the rule which has controlled my action
here, they will not lefuse this amendment. I do
not see how an honorable man can say that sol-
diers on this side of the mountains shall have
bounty land for service, even if it was only four-
teen days, and that without exposure, and refuse
it to the soldier in Oregon, wlio has been out,
under the hardest service ever performed, for a
whole year. You pay them alike, the same month-
ly pay; and to one who served only fourteen
days, you give one hundred and sixty acres of
land, while to one who served twelve months in
Oregon, you icfuse to give one hundred and sixty
acres of land. Can any honorable Senator say
that is right3 Can he say that such a discrim-
ination ought to be made? Can he reconcile it tc
his conscience and to his heat t' 1 have no respect
for that kind of heart or conscience that can dis-
criminate between the soldiers of the different por-
tions of tins country. 1 thank God, sir, that I
have been just to every portion of the country; J
have been just to the soldiers who have served in
any port ton of it, or in any war.xvithout reference
to locality: and I ask, now, for those to whom
this amendment applies, that justice which ought
to be extended to them. If it cannot be done, I
want to know the reason.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to amend the propo-
sition of tin1 Senator from Oregon, and 1 think he
will assent to it, so as to include all the citizens
of Iowa; and I believe the citizens of Minnesota
ought also to be included.
Mr. RICE. Put in Minnesota.
Mr. GIMMES. 1 will include Minnesota. I
want to extend it to the cuizensof Iowa and Min-
nesola who wete en^agrd in the Indian cam-
paign m the wintersof 1857,1858, and 1859. I sup-
pose there is no Senator here who is ignorant of
the fact that 
Mr. LANE. I provide for soldiers regularly
iiiusteied into sei vice, regularly paid, and regu-
larly discharged, who rendered over fourteen
days5 service.
Mr. GRIMES. There is this difference be-
tween the soldiers in Oregon and those to whom
I allude; in our case, they were not regularly
paid; in the Senator's case, I believe they were
regularly paid, or, at any rate, we have made an
appropriation for paying them. ) suppose there
is not a Senator here who is i^noiant of the fact
that, in the spring of 1856, Ink-pa-du-tah, the
chief of a band of .Sioux Indians, made a hostile
incursion into tho territory of the State of Iowa,
and slaughtered some thirty or forty inhabitants,
burnt up an entiie settlement, and destroyed a
vast amount of property. Soldiers xvere called
out, both from the State of Iowa and from the
Territoiy of Minnesota, in mid-winter, in the
month ot January. They were obliged to make
a campaign across the prairies—one of the most
arduous, I appiehend, that has ever been under-
taken oi performed by soidieis anywhere in this
1 country; and it only meets Us parallel in the case
! of iho retreat of Napoleon from Moscow. [Laugh-
' f'-r ] , •
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. Tocomparegreatthings
I with small.
j Mr. GRIMES. No; to compare small things
wuh great ones. [Laughter.] Some of the sol-
1 diers weie lost on the way.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. How 5
l Mr. 11ICE. They were found again. [Laugh-
! Mr. GRIMES. Th<-y were m service more
than fourteen days. Lis true, they did encounter
e-reat hardships; and if there is any class of sol-
diers who aie entitled to bounty land warrants, I
think they aie wstiy more entitled to them than
most of the soidieis who were engaged m the
Mexican xvai. Ceitainly no soldiers ever en-
