1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
from Oregon that this question should be decided
without debate, if the point of order is insisted
upon.
Mr. BAKER. I yield to the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not understand that to be
the rule. If I offer an amendment, and it is ob-
jected to on the ground that it is violative of the
rule of order, I have a right to give the reasons
why I offer it, and why it is not out of order; and
this rule that is now construed in such a way as
to exclude every claim that does not happen to
meet with the approbation of the majority of the
body, is being used to deny Senators their consti-
tutional rights hSre. That rule was introduced
for the purpose of preventing private claims from
being placed on the appropriation bills. It is now
used to exclude every amendment that does not
happen to meet the approbation of the majority
of the body; and when a Senator asks the privi-
lege of explaining why he offeis an amendment,
it is claimed tjiat he is out of order. I say it is
not out of order. I have a right, if I offer an
amendment, to give my reasonsfor it; and to-day
for the first time I hear it objected that if a com-
mittee recommends a particular appropriation, or
a particular amendment, it must be offered by a
member of that committee. Such, I submit, has
never been the practice of the Senate. I have
seen it done over and over again, for a Senator
anxious to get an appropriation or an amendment
upon a bill, to select any committee of the body
and get them to indorse it, and he offers it. I can
turn to the debates of this body, and show case
after case of that kind. The Senator from Oregon
is in order.
Mr. POLK. I do not think we ought to vote
on a question of order without understanding it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides debate to be out of order.
Mr. POLK. I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to the rule, to show that it is not
necessary that an amendment should be moved
by a committee at all. As I have said privately,
I think the motion is in order, although it is a
very strange proceeding:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received 10 any general appropriation lull, unless it
be made to carry out the provision of M ine existing law, or
Bomu act or resolution previoinlv passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee."
The Senator states distinctly, that he moves
this by direction of a committee. The rule does
not say u moved by a committee," but li moved
by direction of a committee5 *—moved by any Sen-
' ator.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair begs
pardon for interrupting the Senator, but the Chair
will decide that the amendment is in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Right on that point, before we
go further, as we are likely to have some trouble
on the amendment, I say it is competent for the
Senator from Oregon to offer the amendment with-
outdirectionofacommiM.ee. It isnot one of that
class of cases provided for by the rule as excluded.
It is not a private claim. He has a right to offer
it as a Senator, on his own responsibility.
Mr. MASON. I wish only to say one word.
I protest against the construction of the rule given
by the Senator from Indiana. An amendment
offered by direction of a committee must be by a
member of the committee, because the committee
can give direction to none but its own members.
It would be a strange perversion of all construc-
tion, that a committee could direct any other Sen-
ator to offer an amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 speak of what has been the
Practice, what I know to be the practice, and what
have seen repeatedly done in this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the question has been decided, and
the question now is on the amendment.
Mr. BAKER. As I have no desire to be cru-
cified on construction, I believe if the Senate will
take the vote now they will do me the favor to
pass my amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me the
amendmentof my friend from Oregon is objection-
able because of the amhiguity and uncertainty of
it. It is left entirely to the Secretary of War how
the money is to be applied. He is not directed to
expend it in maintaining troops on the line. Is he
to call out the militia ? Is he to employ others than
the soldiers of the United States? is he to do it
by establishing garrisons along the way, building
houses for their accommodation, fortresses ade-
quate to the purpose ? How is it to be expended ?
Certainly we are not in the habit of leaving all to
the discretion of the Secretary in the expenditure
of public money.
Besides, 1 confess I cannot avoid a little feeling
of impatience at the vast calls that are made on
the Treasury of the United States for the purpose
of protection against Indian warfares, when I
remember the little history of the States that long
ago came into this Union and had really Indians
to contend with, warlike Indians, who fought their
way to the condition ofStates without costing this
Government a dollar. It seems to me we are turn-
ing our people into old ladies, and we must be
building houses ofaccommodation and accompany
them with soldiers over every step of danger they
take. I do not like this way of appropriating
money. There never was a dollar expended by
this Government to make the ways safe from
North Carolina through the Indian country to
Tennessee; nor one dollar expended to make the
way safe from Virginia into Kentucky, over the
mountain gap, and through as dangerous a coun-
try as they can have between here and California
or Oregon. Let us try to get along as we used to
do. We are a little poorer, I believe, than we
ever were before, so far as regards the Treasury.
i hope my friends, upon reconsideration, will
allow these people to confront the little dangers,
and defend themselves against the little dangers,
that are in the way. When they arrive in Ore-
gon, they will be better men, better soldiers, bet-
ter citizens, if you let them encounter a little dan-
ger on the way. It is better to run these little
risks than to be calling on the Treasury for aid
that we cannot well afford to give, and which may
be unnecessarily used. One little Territory now,
a little child of the Union, dear as it is to us, costs
more than a whole family of them used to do.
They are eternally sucking or crying at the Treas-
ury. That is the condition of things everywhere;
and we hear nothing but California claims, and
Oregon claims, and Washington claims, from the
beginning of the session to the end of it. My
friend, of course,, will understand that I mean this
as no disparagement. 1 merely state the fact^that
it did not use to be so. 1 hope that we shall pass
no such appropriation. I du not know a gentle-
man to whom I would grant a favor, if it came
within any principle I entertain, sooner than to
my friend from Oregon; but these are expenses
which particularly meet my impatience.
Mr. GREEN. I ask the consent of the Senate
to offer the following' resolution, which I ask to
have referred to the Committee on Printing; and
I do so at this time because they will have their
last meeting to-morrow, and therefore I do it of
necessity:
Resolved, That there be printed one thousand additional
copies of the report of lieutenant Michter on the survey of
the proposed route ot* the inter-oceanic canal from the
Atiato to the Pacific, tor the use of the War Depaitment
and the officer named.
Mr. BIGLER. That cannot be in order now.
Mr. THOMSON. Lot it go over.
Mr. GREEN. I hope Senators will let it go
to the Committee on Printing; and they can re-
port for or against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion having been objected to, lies over, under the
rules.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I think every one
who knows me knows that I would favor any-
thing to promote emigration to Oregon, and do
anything I could to protect emigrants on the route
to the Pacific coast, either to Oregon, California,
or Washington. 1 shall not vote against this
amendment, but I cannot see how it will do any
good. I do not understand how it can be used.
It will be in addition, if expended by the Secre-
tary of War, to all that he has asked. I_Ie has
looked well into this thing. He has estimated
for all the mouey he believed necessary for the
protection of the whole country. This appropri-
ation would not enable him to employ a new regi-
ment; it would not even enable him to employ
a new company. In looking over this Army
appropriation bill, I find various appropriations
which may be used for this very purpose of pro-
tecting emigrants:
" For hutting troops, and for repairing, altering and en-
larging buildings at the established po&ts, $236,765 81."
They have posts all along the road, and that is
a oroper appropriation for the defense of the road.
Then again:
" For the construction of barracks and other buildings*
$95,384 27."
This is all to be used on the frontier. Then I
find a large appropriation for Army transporta-
tion; that is for moving troops along the road.
Then there is an appropriation of $125,000 to pay
for the transportation of officers while traveling
on duty,&c.
" For transportation of the Army, including the baggage
of troops when moved either by land or water, &c<; and
for clearing roads and removing obstructions from roads,
harbors, and rivers, to the extent which mav be required
for the actual operations of the troops on'the frontier,
$2,232,000."
I find appropriations all the way through the
bill, that can be used, and were contemplated to
be used, for the very purpose indicated in the
proposition offered by the Senator from Oregon.
Here is another for "barracks and quarters of
#178,887."
Thus you find that the Secretary of War has
looked carefully to this thing. He has asked for
all the appropriations that are, in his opinion, ne-
cessary to give us protection. The late as well
as the present Secretary has promised over and
over this winter that appropriations should be
made to protect the emigrant route; that troops
should be kept on the route. 1 know that Colonel
Wright, as I stated before, has made his arrange-
ments in regard to those troops, the road in which
they are to be posted, their huts to make them com-
fortable, and their supplies. Everything is done
that is necessary for the protection of the emi-
grants, and this appropriation is not necessary r m
my opinion; though, if the Senate will give us
$50,000 more, I will say amen to it, and vote for
it. I will vote for anything that we can get, for
we get but little; but it will not do to make this
an offset against fortifications. They were neces-
sary for the defense of the country, and they would
be permanent. After the attention of the Secre-
tary of War had been called to this matter m per-
son, and he had personally urged us to make
provision for this road, I think, on looking over
the bill, it will be seen that he has not lost sight
of the matter; that he has asked and obtained all
the money necessary to keep troops on ail the
roads to the Pacific. If the Senate, however, give
him $50,000 more, to be expended as he pleases,
it will add that much more to his estimates; it
will be that much more than he asked for; it is
that much more than he expected the Committee
on Public Lands would recommend for his use.
As I said before, while I shall vote for the
amendment, because it contemplates the protection
of people en route to Oregon and to the Pacific
coast, I believe that the Secretary of War and
the commanding officers having charge of those
routes have made all the necessary provision, and
have done everything that rs necessary to afford
protection. I have assurances from Colonel
Wright, personally, that is by letter, that no want
of attention on his part, no want of force on the
road, shall ever be experienced again, while he
has command on that coast. He will afford protec-
tion, and emigration will go on safely under the
appropriations provided for in this bill. But if
you will, at this kind of instance, and upon the rec-
ommendation of the Committee on Public Lands,
increase the estimates, of course I shall notoppose
it. I am a member of that committee. This
amendment was shown to me, and I said I had
no objection to its being made, and if we could
get that much more, very well. Rut under the
bill as it now stands, the Secretary has all the
money that is necessary to get the troops in the
field, to keep them on the march, to supply them,
to transport them, and everything he wants; and
why give him more, without authorizing him to
raise more troops? Shall we authorize him to
raise a battalion ? If so, $50,000 will not do. If
we authorize him to raise an additional regiment,
$50,000 is but a small part of the money that is
necessary to do it. I do not see how the amend-
ment can afford us any more protection than we
now have under the bill as it stands. It does not
give us one more man; it does not give us one
more officer; it does not give us one particle moro
of protection. Then, why add to these regukir
estimates? Why humbug the people, as I look
at it, inducing them to believe that we are here
asking and obtaining $50,000, which was never
asked for our Army, for the protection of emigrants
merely, when we can see by the bill and by the
