1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
estimates, that every dollar is provided that is
necessary to keep the Army m operation during
the ensuing year ?
Sir, 1 do not oppose it; I am going to vote for
it. It is a very handsome thing. Fitly thousand
dollars is a big thing out in our country. Who
could have imagined that we could succeed in
getting $50,000 without an estimate and without
a recommendation? Nobody but me and my col-
league could do it. [Laughter.j No other two
Senators on the face of the earth could accom-
plish it; but we, I have no doubt, will do it. It
has come from the right quarter; and as we want
it, in addition to what is necessary, why should
we not have it?
My friend from Kentucky has handsomely
called our attention to the way our fathers did.
They went across the country, marked the road,
and conducted their own families, and guarded
and protected them, and asked for no money . I
am in favor of giving just as little as possible.
I do not want to exceed the estimates a single
dime. I do not want to exceed that which the
Secretary believes necessary. But if, in addition
to his estimates and to his wishes in relation to
the matter, we can obtain this appropriation, I
think we shall have accomplished a proud thing.
I shall be very happy to join with the Senator
from Oregon m voting this $50,000 for the use of
the Army which they do not need, do not want,
and do not expect, and that which is not neces-
sary for keeping every man m the field if the Sec-
retary of War understands it; and if he does not,
he ought to be turned out, and somebody put in
his place that does. With these remarks, Mr.
President, 1 will give way.
Mr. THOMSON. A few minutes ago I ob-
jected to the reception of a resolution that was
offered by my friend, the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Green.] I begTeave now to withdraw that
objection, and, with his consent, to offer another.
I hope both will be considered at the same time.
It will be remembered, sir, that there were two
reports made of a survey of the route to the Pa-
cific,; one by Lieutenant Ciavcn, of the Navy,
and the other by Lieutenant Miehler, of the A i my;
and the resolution 1 propose to offer now is, that
the same number of copies of the report of Lieu-
tenant Ciaven should be published as are pro-
vided for in the resolution of the Senator from
Missouri of the report of Lieutenant Miehler. J
understand the Senator consents to receive it as
an amendment.
Mr. GREEN. That is satisfactory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the resolution will now be considered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it he over.
Mr. THOMSON. I will suggest to the Sena-
tor that it is necessary that the resolution should
be acted on to-day.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Printing
holds its last meeting* to-morrow morning, and
unless the resolution is acted on now, it cannot
be considered by them.
Mr. MASON. Is that subject disposed of?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to inquire what
has been done with the amendment pending,
offered by the Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was inform-
ally laid aside by universal consent, in order that
the Senator from New Jersey might oiler this
resolution.
Mr. MASON* I wish it understood that I have
the llooi on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Oregon. I want to say a word upon it.
Mr. GREEN. Of course; but let this resolu-
tion be referred.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved. That there be printed, for the u<e of the Navy
Department, the same number or" oopien of the reports oi
Lieutenant Craven, of the United States Navy, ot the sur-
vey of the proposed loute of an inter-oceanic canal irom
the Atiato to the Pacific, a? are printed for the me ot the
War Department of the repott of Lieutenant Miehler, of
the United States Ainre'
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, I say that I desire
this resolution to go over. Let it lie on the table
until to-morrow morning:.
The PR ESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution must lie over; and the
question recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon to the Arrav appropriation
bill.
Mr. MASON. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon proposes an appropriation
of $50,000, for a purpose not authorized by any
existing law. I object to that amendment being
received, because it is prohibited by the rules ol*
the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That has been dccided.
Mr. MASON. I understand not. Then I re-
new it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that that question was once raised, and it
was decided that the amendment should be re-
ceived; and no appeal was made from the decision
of the Chair, and the amendment was received.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware of it. Then
I presume I may raise it again. ["Oh, no!"1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the question being once raised and
decided, and no appeal having been made from
the decision of the Chair, it is final.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware that the ques-
tion was pending. Then I will say a few words
upon it. The 30th rule of the Senate was in-
tended, in the spirit of the Constitution, to guard
the expenditure of the public money. The Con-
stitution knows well that if there be a danger in
any department of the Government, it is in the
loose, improvident, and corrupt expenditure of
the public money; and the Constitution guarded
it as well as it could: that no money should be ex-
pended, unless appropriated by law. The 30th
rule of the Senate, in aid of that provision of the
Constitution, provides that on an appropriation
bill, an appropriation bill known to the Constitu-
tion, a bill appropriating money for the purposes
of existing laws, no amendment shall be offered
proposing additional appropriations, unless it be
to carry out the provision of some existing law;
and not then, unless authorized by a standing
committee of the Senate. The rule says:
"No amendment piopo^ng additional appiopriations
shall bo received to uu\ gcnetal appiopriatiou bill, unle&s
if be made toearry out the provisions, ol some existing law,
or <-ome net or resolution previously pa^ed by the Senate
during that session, or moved b\ din-ction ol a. standing
or H'h'ot committee of tho ttenatp, ot in pm-aianee of an
estimate irom the head ot some ot the Departments."
Those are the guards in aid of the Constitution,
to prevent the irresponsible expenditure of the
public money. What is done here? A Senator
rises in his place and offers an appropriation of
$50,000, not to carry out the provisions of an ex-
isting law, not estimated upon the responsibility
of a head of a Department, but, as we are tola,
by the dnection of a standing committee. Why,
Mr. President, what are the committees of this
body ? The committees of this body are, as they
are of all other parliamentary bodies, or of any
associated community: they arc members of that
body who are deputed by the body as a portion
of itself for the convenient transaction of its busi-
ness, and who are under the direction of that body,
and perform certain duties. The standing com-
mittees of this body have their proper duties. I
tm\ told this was offered by the direction of the
Committee on Public Lands. What is the duty
of the Committee on Public Lands? To take
charge of all subjects pertaining to the public
lands. When ? At their own discretion ? No; but
when they are referred to them by the body of
which they are a component part. Sir, a stand-
ing committee of this body has no more poweras
a committee than I possess, or any Senatoi on this
iloor, unless deputed by direction of the body.
Mr, BAKER. 1 rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. BAKER. I undoistand the propriety of
this amendment, under the rule, has been determ-
ined, and 1 had listened with the fear that the
Senator was going to attack the merits of the
amendment, which 1 hope he will not; but upon
a question of order, I apprehend I have the right
to remark that it has been determined once, and
ought not now in fairness to be discussed again,
Mr. MASON. The Senator mistakes me alto-
gether if he supposes I am endeavoring to raise
the question of order. I am denouncing the ap-
propriation as a violation alike of the Constitution
of the country and of the rules of the Senate. I
sav these rules were made to guard against these
extravagant expenditures; these expenditures
made without any earthly redpunsibihty; a course
of expenditures which, if indulged m under any
assumed practice of the Senate or otherwise,
would place it in the power of a majority of this
body, utterly regardless of any restraint of con-
stitutional or statutory laws, or of rules of the
Senate, to dispose of the whole public fisc. I am
denouncing the appropriation because it is in vio-
lation of the Constitution, and equallyin violation
of the rules of the Senate, made m aid of the Con-
stitution. But I understand it is sanctioned by a
rule of the Senate, because it was done by direc-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands. I deny
that the Committee on Public Lands can bring
before this Senate, under the sanction of the com-
mittee, any subject that has not been previously
committed to it by the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I should
be obliged to the Senator if he would state how
it is that the Committee on Public Lands have
had charge of any question of bounties in the na-
ture of pensions. What business, in his view,
would the Committee on Military Affairs have
with appropriations for laying out roads across
the public lands?
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the Senator dis-
tinctly. What I say, is this: a committee of the
Senate is a portion of the Senate designated by
order of the Senate for certain functions to be dis-
charged by that committee; and the committee is
unknown to this body in any subject brought be-
fore the body, unless that subject has been pre-
viously committed to it by order of the Senate.
That is one proposition; and the next is this:
when the rule of the Senate says that no amend-
ment of a certain character shall be offered to an
appropriation bill unless by direction of a com-
mittee, is there anybody who will stand before
the country and this Senate, and say that that ru le
means that a committee of the Senate is to give it
a direction as a committee to any other than a
member of that committee ? The honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana says that has been the practice
of the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Sir, if it has been the practice
of the Senate, it is time it should be brought to the
notice and the reprobation of the Senate
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the rule ought to be
amended.
Mr. MASON. The rule requires no amend-
ment; none in the world. A proposition to be
brought befoie the Senate by the direction of a
committee must mean, if there is any reliance to
be placed on the ordinary rules of construction,
by the direction given by the committee to some-
body whom the committee had a right to direct as
proper—a direct authority to direct. What right
has the Committee on PublicLarids to direct me—
I am not a member of that committee—or any-
body else who is not a member of that commit-
tee? Does the Senate suppose the rule ever con-
templated that the Committee on Public Lands,
or Foreign Relations, or Finance, or any other,
should undertake to direct a Senator wfiat that
Senator was to do, as the behest of that commit-
tee? Certainly not. It is in violation of every
rule. A committee consists of seven members,
and each member is under the control of that com-
mittee. When a committee passes a resolution it
may depute one of its members to place it before
the Senate. Bui- can the committee pass a reso-
lution and depute a stranger to place it before the
Senate? Was that ever in contemplation of the
rule? And yet it is by this sort of irregular prac-
tice, which the Senator from Indiana says—I was
not aware of it—has crept into the Senate, that
they seek to justify this amendment. Sir, 1 oppose
it, because it is in violation of the Constitution, in
violation of the rules of the Senate; and if this
practice is to be indulged in, it will lead to the
most improvident expenditure that could bo in-
curred under irresponsible authority.
Now, as to the merits of the amendment, I was
very glad to hear from the honorable Senator—
the colleague of the mover—that although he
felt it incumbent to vote for it, yet there was no
necessity for it. Sir, I go further than that Sen-
ator. Ffty thousand dollars for the protection of
emigrants to Oregon ! Why not say $10,000 for
the protection of emigrants from here to Charles-
ton, or to Boston, or to anywhere else'' Under
what other right can you appropriate money to
protect a traveler to Oregon greater than to pro-
tect a traveler to Iowa or to Wisconsin, or to pro-
tect one in the alleged dangers in pttendiQg this
city in theprcsent u artificial" crisis, or to attend
one along Pennsylvania avenue on the way to his
