1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25$
Senator who has spoken on the subiect has de-
nied it.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
said 1 was in favor of that as the terminus. 1 did
notsayitwasaproper amendment; but I thought
it was the place where the route should properly
start, but it was too important to pass (he bill to
make it definite in that point; and fuithermore,
as I said in my subsequent remarks, the question
had been decided in the other House, and had
been voted down, and therefore it would endan-
ger the bill to insert the amendment in it.
Mr^POLK. I do not see the difference betwixt
admitting that the point of departure fixed in tiie
bill is the proper point, the one that the Sena-
tor prefers, and saying that the amendment is a
proper one. So far as that point is concerned,
that is all that I have just said. I am willing,
however, to be corrccted by the Senator, and if
the Senator from California who spoke last denied
that fhe amendment is a properamendment, I am
willing to be corrected m that regard.
Mr. LATHAM. I neither admitted nor denied
it. I simply said it was encumbering the bill with
an amendment upon which the other branch had
passed its judgment; and therefore I deemed it
entirely unnecessary to attempt to force it now
on the bill, unless he could show that the failure
to pass it would open the door to some great
fraud that might be committed. That is what
I said, and what I repeat.
Mi. POLK. That is just what I said—that
no Senator had taken the position of denying that
the amendment was right in itself, and was cal-
culated to advance the great objects of the bill.
That is exactly what 1 said; and I think the re-
marks that have just fallen from the Senator from
California justify that assertion on my part.
Then, Mr. President, we come to this: that
when an amendment is proposed to a bill in this
Senate, a cooidinate branch of the national Legis-
lature, we arc not to vote for it, although we may
believe it to bo light and proper, and the very
thing that the bill requires, because the bill will
be lost by it; because the bill cannot pass in the
House. I, for one, have never been willing to
allow myself to be controlled by a consideration
of that sort. I hope that the Senate wiil do, and
I intend as an individual, if i can, to do what is
right, and let the responsibility of defeating the
right fall on the other House, or wherever else it
may belong.
Now, sir, on this subject I wish to say—and I
do not mean to say anything that is not pertinent
to this particular amendment—that somebody has
got to fix the terminus of this road by this bill, m
the western border of the State of Missouri. By
the bill itself, that power is vested in the corpo-
rators. Now, there are forty of them, and six-
teen of the forty are in the States of New York
and Pennsyi vania.
Mr. BRAGG. Fifty-two.
Mr. POLK. 1 mean those on this side of the
mountains. I do not take California into the ac-
count. I leave out the corporators in California,
as they are indifferent. I suppose, as* to where the
terminus shall be on this side of the Rocky Mount-
ains. Sixteen are in the States of Pennsylvania
and New York; ten of them in the State of New
York. Thus the State of New York is to have
one fourth of all the voice in determining where
this road shall start in the State of Missouri.
Missouri has butfour. Missouri will haveamong
the corporators of this bill, in selecting the point
in that State, but one tenth part of the power of
determining where the road shall be in her borders,
and New York will have one fourth.
There are some other things connected with this
bill. Is there a Senator who does not know that
just as soon as you agree to the corporators here
named, you fix the point of departure m that bill?
i hav no doubt that that is already a settled point.
Whether u is so I cannot say; I do not know;
but these corporators can determine it. 1 have
no doubt it is determined at this moment.
Now, sn, I do not wish myself, ay one of the
members of this body, to delegate t he power that is
vested ni me by the'position that I occupy, to the
majority of the forty men that are selected by this
bill out of all the worthy citizens of these United
States. 1 cannot give my consent to do it.
It is said that this amendment will jeopardize
the bill. 1 shall not add to what 1 have already
said, in regard to the responsioihty that the House
of Representatives may assume in refusing to do
what is just, in refusing to do what ou^ht to be
done. 1 will only add that a refusal of "that sort
will not make me submit to do what I do not think
is right.
1 do not know what has been the action of the
House; 1 may be under a wrorg impression in
regard to the information I have had of it; but I
recollect heating a gentleman say that this bill,as
it passed the House, passed as an amendment to
an amendment; and, as I understood, it passed the
House in such wise as that by the parliamentary
rules such amendments could not be offered as
would make it acceptable to many members of
that House—1 will not say a majority—and there-
fore it was put to the House, " take this or noth-
ing," just as it is attempted to put it to this Sen-
ate, "take this or nothing, because the House
will not takeanythmg else." I am not prepared,
on the rumors 1 have heard, to admit that that is
true. 1 am not prepared to believe, as far as I
have had intelligence on this subject, but that this
bill might be amended so that it would be more
acceptable to the House than it is in the shape in
which it comes here. But, as I said, I shall not
be bound by such considerations as that. The
simple question now before the Senate is as to the
propriety of this amendment. I think the Sena-
tor fiom Ohio, my colleague,and othergentlemen,
have made suggestions that aie vital to this bill;
that look to amendments which ought to be put
in it; and when those amendments are offered in
proper formal have no doubt they will control
the vote of a majority of this Senate; they will
certainly control mine; but, at present, I do not
wish to present anything to the Senate beyond
which is contained in this simple amendment, and
it seems to me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Wilt the Senator from Missouri sus-
pend his remarks for a moment? The Chair re-
spectfully suggests to gentlemen on the floor that
there is a general and loud conversation prevail-
ing which seriously interferes with business, and
disturbs the order of the body. The Chair re-
quests that it be suspended.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I will not detain the
Senate. I myself am in favor of a proper Pacific
railroad bill. I do not desire to occupy the time that
should be devoted to that measuie, and therefore I
will say nothing moie at present on the subject.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not detain the Senate in
discussing this question. From the discussion
that we have had, it is very apparent there is
very little hope of passing a Pacific railroad bill
through the Senate. We are having exhibited
now what I have seen for ten years; that the Pa-
cific railroad is always destroyed by its friends,
and not by its enemies. It is the conflict between
the opinions of those in favor of a Pacific rail-
road that has been its destruction in this body
evei since I have been a member of it.
We have heard half a dozen speeches to-day,
Mr. President, and all from the friends of a Pa-
cific railroad. Why, sir, if I had been so dis-
posed, I could have picked out many flaws in this
bill. There are many points m which I would
have it amended if I could; but the moment I
should have obtained my amendment, it would
have been unacceptable to other friends of the bill, j
and would have been its destruction. That is to
be the fate of this bill evidently, if gentlemem do
not give up some portions of their opinions m
order thatwc may consolidate a majority in favor
of some measure that can pass through the Sen-
ate. I agree with the honorable Senator whonow
occupies the chair, [Mr. Foot,] that we must con-
centrate; we must give up our objections to one
of the two propositions before the Senate—that
proposed by the Senator from Minnesota or the
House bill—or we cannot pass a bill through this
body. I do not intend to discuss it. There are
a gieat many provisions in the bill which would
not be put there if I had the making of it, and
could make a bill that would pass through both
Houses. 1 am in favor of one route, and con-
centrating the whole power of the Government
upon that: make it a perpetual road, and after-
wards, as the necessities of the Government may
require, build others. But how can we ever pass
a Pacific railroad bill through the two Houses of
Congress unless we give up some of our opinions r
If we persist in them, we destroy any prospect of
passing the bill.
Now, I hope that the Senate, by its vote upon
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
will indicate that it wiil not amend the bill of the
House. If you once commence amending that
bill, we have already got notice of many others
that are to be proposed, and the result will be that
it will be destroyed. The Senate bill itself will
be destroyed. It cannot get through this body.
The moment we commence adoptingamendmenrs
to the bill, it will be cut all to pieces. The Sena-
tor from Ohio has indicated that he is going-to
propose amendments, as has also the other Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] The objections
indicated by Senators must show those who are
in favor of a Pacific railroad bill—the House
bill—that if we commence this system of amend-
ment at this period of the session and the present
state of the country, we can get no legislation at
all. Therefore, I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri will be voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] to the
original bill.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. As the Senate is not full, and
there are several members absent who perhaps
did not expect the vote to be taken to-day, I pro-
pose that the bill go over; and I therefore move
an adjournment, so that we can in a full Senate
vote on this question. I think it is vital to the
measure.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope not; I think my col-
league is laboring under a mistake.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. I withdraw the
motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, Bayard, Benjamin, BlgJer,
Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Clmgman, Crittenden, Duikee,
Fes.-entlcn, Fitzpamek, Green, Hunter, Iver&on, Johnson
of Aikan^a-, Kni«i, Lane, Malioiy, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
Powell, Puzh, Puce, Salisbury, Sebastian, Simmons, Sli-
dcll, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Toombs, Wilkinson, Wilson,
and Yulee—do.
NAYvS—Messis. Baker, Brown,CImk, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittlo, Douglas, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Gvvin, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham,
Nicholson, Seward, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wig-
fall--23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRAGG. I offer an amendment to insert
at the end of the first section of the bill:
Nor until said acts of incorporation &ball be submitted
to and approved by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. LANE. I desire to make an inquiry, if
the Senator from North Carolina will allow me,
as to whether it will be in order to go back to
amend the section after we have added a clause at
the end of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
amendment will be in order after the disposal of
the pending amendment. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, my purpose in
rising now is, not to discuss the merits of this
bill at ail, but simply to explain the amendment
which I have moved, and others by which I ex-
pect to have it followed m case it is adopted—and
one indeed whether it isadop ted or not—and which
I deem to be necessary in order to perfect the bill;
foi, if it is to pass at all, I desire to see it passed
in a shape in which it will be in some degree safe
for the country. It appropriates a very large
amount of means in the way of bonds, and of the
public lands; and I think it is our duty, notwith-
standing it is said here repeatedly that we must
not touch this bill at all by way of amendment, to
see that it is not defective; if we see any defects,
to endeavor to amend it, and make it as perfect as
possible. For one, therefore, I am not disposed
to listen to any such suggestions as were made
by the Senators from California—that we are not
to amend this bill m the slightest particular, be-
cause, forsooth, it may fail if we touch if in any
respect whatever. I shall act upon no such prin-
ciple as that. But now, sir. to the amendment.
Those who have read the bill—and, I presume,
every Senator here has—will see that it provides
in the first section, in the first place, that certain
gentlemen named—fifty-two in number, I believe
—shall be allowed to obtain acts of incorporation
for themselves, and for such others' as a majority
of them may designate; and that bonds to the
