1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
Mr. BAKER. Let us get a vote on thisamend-
ment. X will not say another word. I hope we
shall have a vote.
Mr. LATHAM. If it is considered that I shall
have the floor afterwards to make my motion, I
will not object. I am perfectly willing to take a
vote on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rick in
the chair.) It having been decided by the Chair
that this amendment is in order, the question will
be on its adoption.
Mr. BAKER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Dixon, Durkee, Fitch, Foot. Fostei, Green, Grimes, Hale,
Ilailau, Lane, Latham, Motrin, Sewaid, Ssimmon^. Sum-
ner,Ten EjcK, Tiumlmli, Wade, ami Wilkinson—-23.
NAYS—Mesbi^. IJayard, Bigior, Bragg, Claik, Collamer,
Crittenden, Fessenden, Hunter, Kennedy, Mason, Nichol-
son, Peaice, Polk, Powell, llice, Sebastian, and Wilson
—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I now call up my resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to offer an amendment which
I have waited all day to offer.
Mr. LATHAM. If I can have the floor im-
mediately afterwards, I shall not object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 must insist
on having the floor also.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I will not yield. I
move that the Senate take a rccess from now until
seven o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I do not see how that motion
can be entertained,unless this bill is disposed of.
It certainly cannot be considered until we dispose
of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Being objected
to, it must lie over.
Mr. LATHAM. I think I have the right to
make the motion. I do not ask to call up the
resolution I offered yesterday; but I make the
motion, applying it to this clay alone—I shall call
up my resolution m the morning—that the Senate
now tako a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. PEARCE. That motion is not in order
until this bill is laid aside or disposed of ill some
way or other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is not in order at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask leave to
offer an amendment, to which I call the attention
of the Senate. It is a fact, that much the greater
part of the Senate have themselves had copies of
the congressional debates. I offer the following
amendment, which I ask may be read, to be in-
serted at the end of the first section:
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to purchase from
the publisher, at the rate hetetolore paid him, a Miflicjent
numbci of copies of the Consre^iuuai Globe and Appendix*,
containing the debates of Congress from Deeembei 3, lb33,
to March 4, 1859. inclusive, to lurm-di each member of the
Senate who has not heietoloie lecejved them, eithei a-^ a
Senator ui Representative, one complete copy, $ >,633.
That amendment is to give those Senators who
have never received a copy of the debates one
copy each. I have received a copy myself, and
almost all Senators have. I presume those who
have will not oppose the amendment, and I should
not suppose it ou^ht to be opposed by others. I
hope it will be passed without any debate. There
can be no better disposition, I think, of a small
appropriation like this, for it is only $5,000. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would inquire of my
friend from Arkansas whether this amendment
comes from any committee?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir. It
comes unanimously from a committee of this
body—the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A short time ago we en-
deavored to put an end to the purchase and dis-
tribution of books; and we passed a law piovid-
ing, I believe, substantially, that, if any other
books were purchased for distribution thereafter,
the members should be charged with them. I do
not remember the exact language; but it was to
come out of their pay, they were to pay for them
themselves. I supposed, as we have adhered to
it from that time to this, and have made no effort
to change it, that there was an end to this pur-
chasing of books which certain publishers, have
on hand and would like to sell, and that we should
not have any more of it. I am perfectly aware of
the position in which a man apparently places
himself who opposes the giving to others what
has been given to himself; hut, sir, what 1 received
myself was before the system was adopted; and
really, with regard to these Congressional Globes,
wc have several copies of them about the Capitol;
but for private use, they are so cumbrous, and it
is so difficult to find what you want, that they are
not of any very great service; and I have found it
expedient, in order to lighten my own labors, at
my own expense to buy a copy of Benton's
Abridgment, which I find to be much more val-
uable, and which 1 refer to on all occasions instead
of to the Congressional Globe.
Now. sir, if we appropriate $5,000 to give to
each Senator who has not received it a copy of
the Globe, what is the ,consequence ? The bill
goes to the House of Representatives; and the
House either refuse to agree with us iia the amend-
ment, or else there is a proposition to purchase a
copy for each member of the House who has not
received it; and if the copics for those members
of the Senate who have not received it willamount
to $5,000, we may very well suppose that in the
House, where there are so many new members,
it will be $50,000; it will be $50,000 at least be-
fore wc get through with it. 1 hope wo shall not
commence this system, and that the Senators who
have not received these books will have the public
virtue to vote down this proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansus. In regard to
the law, as the Senator has referred to it, I will
say that the law is, that where books are given,
they shall be taken out of the pay of Senators and
Representatives. I would suggest that that act
was passed for the purpose of limiting the power
of one House, out of its own contingent fund, to
take steps of this character, and was certainly not
an attempt to limit the powerof Congress to legis-
late upon this or any other subject. It was to
prevent the exercise of that power which was in
a great measure without check, which was irre-
sponsible, on the part of cither branch, withouta
joint resolution, or joint action of some character.
It was in consequence of that state of facts that
the act was passed which made it incumbent,
whenever books were voted, to deduct their value
from the pay of members. That much is dis-
posed of. The Senator will not say that that act
of Congress limits the power of a future Con-
gress to repeal it, or pass a law inconsistent
with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Atkansas. Then the force
of the Senator's suggestion in thatrespectamounts
to nothing. In the next place, the Senator speaks
with reference to his havmg the books. I have
them, too. Most of those around me have them.
If a man designs really to become a useful mem-
ber of this body, and well and faithfully and wisely
to discharge his duties here, 1 do not know that
he eould be furnished with any information more
suggestive and more instructive than that which
he will get from the fathers, for I believe all that
are dead and gone before us, are now m that clas-
sification.
I can appreciate the delicacy which the Senator
from Maine feels—he having tfie books—in declin-
ing to vote to allow those to have them who have
not received them. I do not press that against
him at all. I only think it would have been far
better for some of the rest of ue, with less uni-
versal and general knowledge than himself, to have
had them; far better for him to have done with-
out them, and to have given them to some of us
who needed them more, [laughter;] because I ad-
mit that the Senator has much more general and
much moie specific knowledge than most of us—
certainly more than myself.
I cannot help thinking that I am making a gen-
erous movement in tins case, since I can take
nothing under it; and I cannot but think that the
Senate will adopt this proposition, * nd allow to
the few members here who hnve had no recourse
of tins sort, and no opportunity of this kind—and
it is not easily gotten—to be furnished with that
which is to them, as legislators, if they choose to
use it—and we must suppose that they will—what
the armor of the soldier is to him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mi\ JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN It is, whether the mem-
bers who have not these copies have applied for
the passage of this proposition?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not know
that the Senator has been in the habit of making
those requests, but it is possible that he may have
*been. [Laughter.] If he has been, he has dis-
tinguished himself by a little less delicacy than
others here would be inclined to show.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senator has
not answered my question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I thought I was
doing it, on my honor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquired whether the
Senators who had not received these books had
applied for the passage of this proposition?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
ought to make his application to those individuals.
1 do not like to meet a question of that sort here;
and 1 would not wish to involve any one else. It
is scarcely a sincere question. It is one way of
appealing to Senators who have never had them.
My own impression is, that if the Senator would
expend his prineiplesof economy upon that which
is of little use—and he supports as much of that
as any one else here that I am aware of-—he would
do a great deal better. 1 can see much utility in
the possession of these books.
The Senator has made on eloquent advertise-
ment here to-day of Benton's Abridgment. Iam
glad to hear it. I had not heard before that it was
better than the full debates. I believe that in the
courts an abridgment is an authority which is al-
ways declined. Some persons would even take
exception to the person who is the author of the
Abridgment of Congressional Debates. I would
not, for I believe he was fair and sincere in his
efforts to make an honest book. But can any-
thing be equal to the original text? I think not
1 hope and trust that what I have certainly of-
fered in a spirit of fairness, what certainly is a
very modest appropriation—$5,000 for the pur-
pose of spreading light, and for the purpose of
enabling members "here more ably and success-
fully to discharge their duties—will be concurred
in by the Senate.
Mr. HALE rose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There were one
or two more points made by the Senator from
Maine which i had wished to notice, but I have
such faith in the good humor as well as the elo-
quence of the Senator from New Hampshire, that
I believe I shall give way to him.
Mr. HALE. I only want to make a single
suggestion; for I am in the same position with
the Senator from Maine. I have received these
books; but there is one consideration that ought
to be suggested in behalf of those who have re-
ceived them. It should be remembered that when
they were distributed and we feceived them, the
compensation of the members of Congress was
about half what it now is; and when Congress
doubled the compensation, they cutoff the books.
Those Senators who have come in subsequently
and have not received the books, have received
double the compensation that those Senators did
who received the books at the time they got them.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to ask the Senator from
New Hampshire if he has returned the books
since he received the extra compensation ? [Laugh-
ter.j
Mr. HALE. I have not received any since
then.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my friend from Arkansas with regret,
because I am always disposed to gratify him ,
where I can do it consistently with my sense of
public duty; but this proposition involves the
commencement of a new system of abuse. It is
true, as has been stated, that, under the former
system that existed, each House originally started
by authorizing, on its own authority, books to be
supplied to its members; and what was the result?
The abuse kept on from one session to another,
until it amounted in the aggregate to the sum of
nearly-seventeen hundred dollars to each new
! member, and the practice became such that the
| books were never delivered, but the new member
1 received the money instead of the books, on a
| mere nominal delivery, sharing the profits with
the bookseller, who nominally supplied them.
That was the effect of the system. The abuse
became so great, (f happened to know this, being
on the Library Committee when it came before
them,) that Congress determined to reform it.
