1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
and they did reform it by prohibiting to either
House the power to supply books to its members.
Now what is the proposition here? It is like
all other abuses. You commcnce with the Globe;
but will it end with the Globe ? It is done by tbe
action of both Houses, and it wili be considered
a matter of courtesy. The remark of the honor-
able Senator from Maine is perfectly true, that if
you put in here this appropriation of five or six
thousand dollars for incoming members of the
Senate, of course the House of Representatives
will add the amount required to furnish the same
books to members of that House; and you cannot
refuse it on any principle of courtesy or right,
because it is proper, if it is necessary that the
Congressional Globe should be supplied to every
member of the Senate, for the same reason it
should be supplied to every member of the House
of Representatives. That House changes at the
rate of fifty per ccnt every two years, and you
give to these members'at every period of two
years, an increasing number of books. They
now number some thirty-five volumes, I believe,
which every year is increasing, and this thing will
go on. Is that necessary for the purpose of the
transaction of their duties as members of Con-
gress ? I think not. I think it will only lead to
abuse. Other books will be brought in gradually,
and you will have the same abuse arising out of
the joint action of the two Houses that existed
before m the action of each House singly, until
the abuse becomes so great that it cannot be tol-
erated. This is only the first step.
It is not that I should .oppose granting these
books to individual members, but there is force
in the remark of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, that about the time this system was
put an end to, the pay of members of Congress
was fully doubled; and therefore those who have
come since as new members have received as
much as those who were here antecedently re-
ceived, though they got these books under the
former distribution. They will increase every
year under this system. The numberofthe books
lncieases every year. The compilation goes on,
and the expense goes on increasing annually.
Then you must come back to the principle, are
these books necessary (for if they are, I should
be compelled to vote for the proposition) for the
performance of the proper duties of a member of
Congress? How often does he consult them
during the session ? Is it necessary that he should
have a copy m his own possession ? Every one
knows that the proper mode of providing for in-
formation of that kind is to have a Senate hbiary;
and I have oftentimes suggested the idea, and
pressed it, of having a library for the Senate, with
a proper number of every document that you
have, to which members can retire for the pur-
pose of study when the Senate is not 111 session,
with all the means and appliances they desire for
the purpose.
That is the proper mode for a deliberative body
to act. It is unnecessary to make eacli individual
member the possessor of a copy of the work in
order that he may be able to perform his duties.
He has ample access to it m your libraries now;
but if that is not sufficient, if you want a greater
number of copies, and more convenience of ac-
cess, do what the other House has done—have a
library for the Senate; provide thatyou shall have
half a dozen copies of these books in that library,
so that a member may have access to them dur-
ing the session. That is the proper mode for their
obtaining the information theyuesuv.
Su, the result of this will he that, by the joint
fiction of both Houses, the compensation of every
incoming member will be increased; because the
books themselves, as books, are xiot necessary for
the performance of his duties as a legislator, for
he can have access to them without lus being the
proprietor of them. Regarding this as an initia-
tion of an abuse which once went to such an alarm-
ing extent that we were obliged to abandon it, 1
am compelled to vote against the proposition; for
there can be no public purpose, as I conceive, to
justify the appropriation.
Mr. LATHAM. We staid here last night
until nearly half past eight o'clock to get through
a very important appropriation bill. There is no
way of getting at the resolution I offered yester-
day to take a recess until we get this bill out of
the way; and there seems to be an indisposition
to adopt that resolution. I am willing to stay
here and do the business of the country; but I do
not think it is just that a large number of Senators
should go home and get their dinners, and leave
those of us here who are willing to do business.
Now,as this is next to the last appropriation bill,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 9, noes 20.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the Chair an-
nounce the enure vote. I heard the negative vote;
what was the affirmative vote ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) Nine.
Mr. MASON. Then there is not a quorum
voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Rut the Senate
refuses to adjourn. A quorum is not necessary
for that purpose.
Mr. MASON. I object to further proceeding
with business until there is a quorum.
Mr. FITCH. Discussion, I apprehend, can go
on until another vote be had.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made to any further proceeding in consequence
of there not being a quorum, the Chair is of opin-
ion that no motion can be entertained, and that
discussion is out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I appeal from that decis-
ion. There is no sort of objection to anybody
making a speech even if there be not half a dozen
here. You cannot act without a quorum; you
cannot pass any vote; but anybody can make a
speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recollects thatlastsessiona similar question arose;
and it was decided by the regular occupant of the
Chair that, under such circumstances, all debate
was out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was decided wrong,
then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
decision; and until it be reversed, the present oc-
cupant feels bound to enforce it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn. There is evi-
dently a quorum here; and f will say to the Sen-
ator from California, that if we go on and finish
this bill to-night, if he desires it I will go with
him to-morrow to take up his resolution for a
recess.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Several Senators. Letthe call be withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Chair is satisfied
that a quorum is picMint, I will withdiaw the call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING pFFICER. The call will
be withdrawn, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, it pains me to
oppose anything offered by my friend from Ark-
ansas, and I think he will admit the sincerity of
the declaration, when I say it would be far less
unpleasant foi me to have any favorite measure
of my own defeated, than anythinghc introduces
and advocates; but since my attention was called
by him, before the introduction of this amend-
ment, to its substance, having looked a little into
the matter, I am constrained to give my reasons
against its adoption.
There are two reasons which will control my
vote. One is the well-known, ordinary legislative
law, if not rule of the Senate, by which any Sen-
ator is prohibited from voting upon any question
in which ho i>> duectly and personally interested.
This amendment, if adopted, will give me the
Globe for nineteen years, and although I do not
pretend to any very extraordinary conscientious
scruples in legislation, that direct interest, if noth-
ing else, would prevent me from voting for it.
There is another reason, and that is the ques-
tion of cost. I am very apprehensive that the
good nature of my friend has been imposed upon
iri that respect. Certain it is, that a very elab-
orate and close inquiry alone will satisfy any Sen-
ator, or other person, of the aggregate cost to be
created by this amendment, if adopted. A prob-
able estimate can be arrived at when the fact is
known that a full set for each Senator and his pre-
decessors within the period embraced in theamend-
ment would cost very nearly, if not quite, eight
hundred dollars, and the amendment is so worded,
it would give to every one who has been a Sena-
tor within the period it includes a full set. Its
phraseology appears to justify me in assuming
that such would be the construction put upon it.
That is not my friend's intention, I know.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What is that?
Mr. FITCH. Youramendment will give every
one who has been a Senator within the time it
includes, a full set of the Globe, without any ref-
erence to the numbers they may have previously
received.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think not.
Mr. FITCH. I know that was not your in-
tention ; but the amendment will be thus construed.
There are many others situated like myself, who
have been, within the period included in the
amendment, members of one or the other branch
of Congress for a part, more or less, of the time;
and we have received the Globe for the sessions
for which we have been members, and for no
others. This proposition gives us the Globe almost
or quite from the period of its commencement,
and the entire series for each set from that period
to this will cost, at the price indicated m the
amendment, certainly between six and eight hun-
dred dollars. The aggregate cost, I am confident,
in the event of the adoption of the amendment,
would perfectly astound the next Congress when
they were called upon to vote the deficiency thus
created. It is better, therefore, to know accurately
what the cost will be, before we adopt any propo-
sition of this kind; and that can only be ascer-
tained by first obtaining the names and the terms
of service of those members of either House upon
whom the amendment would bestow books. As
now advised, certainly I am very unwilling to
sustain it or see it adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I know the
pain of the Senator from Indiana in opposing any-
thing which I may present, and I reciprocate with
him all those kindly declarations, and the addi-
tional one, that I am more pained, I think, than
he is by that kind of opposition, and particularly
so when I see that he has filled his remarks with
what are, I must say, errors, and, if I understand
him rightly, gross errors. He said that a set of
the Globe cost six or seven hundred dollars. That
is not correct, at all. He has stated three times,
or very nearly three times, over the true amount.
Then, as to the conclusion he would draw from
the amendment, that where a Senator had received
a large portion of these volumes, he would still
get another entire set. This is not correct. I ask
that the Secretary read the amendment, so that
that may be seen.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" To enable the Seciotary of the Senate to purchase from
the publisher, at the rate heretofore paid him, a sufficient
nurnbei of copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
containing the debates of Congress from December 3,18.J3,
to March 4,1839, inclusive, to furnish each member of the
Senate who has not heretofore received them, either as a
Senator or Representative, one full copy, $5,635."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly if,
under that, a Senator should get a whole series,
when he only needed one, two, three, or five vol-
umes to complete his set, it would be an outrage.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator may not have
intended that result; but such is clearly the con-
struction, I think. It is " to furnish each mem-
ber of the Senate who has not heretofore received
them, as a Senator or Representative, a complete
copy." There are very few Senators who have
received a full copy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. After the opin-
ion expressed by the Senator from Indiana, and
the construction which the Senator from Vermont,
who is an experienced jurist and a judge of lan-
guage, puts upon it, I admit that it should be care-
fully guarded in that respect. I will be very thank-
ful if the Senator from Vermont will suggest an
amendment that will make it explicit that each
Senator shall only have those copies which are
necessary to make up his complement.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire to do that,
for this reason: my opinion is that if you ask the
publisher to make up broken sets, he will charge
just as much for them as he would for whole sets.
He docs not want to have broken sets on hand.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The amend-
ment says at the rates heretofore paid; and we all
know what they are.
Mr. POLK. What are they?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. So much a vol-
ume. The way it has been heretofore it will be
hereafter—so much per volume. The question of
