1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
the cost of this work was once investigated at
great length in this body, and it was plainly seen
that there was no work published in the wide
world cheaper than this is, unless it be the Bible.
I shall not delay the Senate with any further
remarks about it. I believe the amendment ought
to pass. I do not think it kind to offer this kind
of opposition in the Senate. If the Senate is of
opinion that Senators who have not received the
volumes should not have them, and, m the lan-
guage of niy friend, the Senator from Iowa, that
those who have received them should not return
them, I think I may as well be silent.
Mr. MASON. 1 was not aware that the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia had been
charged with an inquiry as to the expediency of
purchasing new books; and I would ask t!ie hon-
orable Senator whether the committee was charged
by the Senate to inquire into the expediency of it?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will answer
the Senator. I know his pragmatical character,
[laughter,] and I am perfectly familiar with his
inquisitive spirit. [Laughter.] "lie wants to know
everything, and he has never succeeded in find-
ing it all out hy a long shot. In this instance, I
will say I believoa committee of this body, with-
out going to the Senate for instructions, or to the
chairman of Foreign Relations, can he permitted
sometimes to judge of business for themselves.
Such has ever been the uniform rule. I have never
known any committee to fail to take charge of
any subject if there was no particular committee
to which it was regularly assignable, and bring it
before the Senate, if it was connected directly
with the interest of the body.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, I
wish to put a question. I do not know whethei
the Senator is a member of the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Iam. 1 at least
catch you there. [Laughter.] I happen to be a
member of that committee.
Mr. MASON. Then I am sure the Senator
can inform me whether the Senate ever charged
that committee with this inquiry.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should like
to know if the Senator, because he belongs to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, is justified in
taking a masterly and fatherly care of the action
of these little subordinate concerns? I think he
will preserve more peace in the family if he will
leave these minutice alone to those who have a
more particular charge of them. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. I submit to the castigation very
cheerfully and kindly
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I brought it
before that committee myself, 1 will say to the
Senator.
Mr. MASON. But I am bound to infer, from
what ha« fallen from the Senator, that the Senate
never charged the committee with this matter.
There was no resolution of the Senate directing
the committee to inquire into this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. None.
Mr. MASON. Assuming th.it to be the case,
and the Senator admits it, it originated in the com-
mittee. I make a question of order. The rule
of the Senate says that no amendment for addi-
tional appropriations shall be received unless in
the way pointed out in the rule. One of the pre-
scribed cases is, wherean amendment is" moved
by direction of a standing or select committee of
the Senate." Unless the committee of the Senate
is charged by the Senate with that duty, I say
they cannot move an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is that last part
of the Senator's remarks in the rule t
Mr. MASON. No, sir; but in the law of the
body, in the parliamentary law, I object to the
amendment on the question of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
raises a question of order. 1 shall not enter into
the debate on that.
Mr. FITCH. If it be objected to on the ques-
tion of order, I presume the Chair must decide
the question before there can bp any debate. I be-
lieve the question of order must be decided with-
out debate, unless there is an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment having; been moved by direction of a stand-
ing committee of the Senate, the Chair is of the
opinion that it is m order.
Mr. FITCH. That decision continues the
subject open for discussion I have endeavored
while my friend from Arkansas, and the Senator
from Virginia, were engaged in their colloquy, to
make a close estimate of the cost, and will state
to the Senate the basis upon which that estimate
is made; then they will be the judges of its cor-
rectness. I staled that the series would cost six
or eight hundred dollars each. That must be
understood—perhaps I did not explain myself
sufficiently at the time—as applying to the entire
series which will be distributed to each present
Senator, and those who have preceded him. The
cost for a Congress is ten dollars. We pay six
dollars for the long session, and three dollars for
the short session, and fifty cents each volume for
binding; but even if we average it at nine dol-
lars and a half for a Congress, the cost of the
numbers of the one series issued to each individ-
ual, saying nothing of those who have preceded
him—and they get the same number—would be
many thousands of dollars. Tracing members
back from ourselves to all those who have prece-
ded us in the Senate, 1 think my first estimate that
the cost would be $800 each, letting each Senator
now in office represent all those who have prece-
ded linn, is a very moderate one. A t nine dollars
and a half each, the cost to present Senators for
the series issued to themselves, assuming that
they are, all from the original phraseology of the
amendment, to be entitled to an entire seues,
would be $10,302. Of course the cost would be
correspondingly increased in the other end of the
Capitol, It is a very moderate computation to
say that each one of us. on an average, since
1H33, has been preceded by four other Senators,
all of whom would be entitled to a series. Mul-
tiply the $16,302 by four, and you have $65,*208
as the cost to the Senate alone.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Docs the Sen-
ator say that in refeiencu to the eflcct of this
amendment ?
Mr. FITCH. As it was originally introduced;
not, perhaps, as it has been amended.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 11 is amended
now to meet that. The whole appropriation is
less than six thousand dollars, and 1 suggest to
Senators that if they are votingand talking against
an appropriation of $60,000, they are shooting
wide of the mark. I hope certainly they will not
consent to appropriate $.65,000; but this is a sim-
ple matter of only $5,600. The amendment, as
it is now modified to meet ihe objection, reads
thus:
To enable the Secretary of the Senale to purchase from
the publisher, at the into heretofore paul him, a sufficient
nuiribei of enpu-s nt the UmigicsMfma) Globe ami Appendix,
containing the debater oi Congees Jonn December 3,1833,
to Maieh -1, 185% inclusive, ;o furm-h each membei of the
Senate who lias not lieretolute leeeivert them, either as a
Scimtoi ot Re pi et.cn tan vu, suoh volumes or numbers of the
haiil woik as may be i enured to make the i-etoi each mem-
ber complete foi that period, £5,635.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 7, nays 32; .is follows:
YEAS—m - Chandler, Green, Hemphill, Johnson of
Aikansas, Kennodv. Latham, and Sebastian—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Raker, liayaid, Bi |er, Bui!;,
ham, lirafw. Cameron, Clark, Collamei, Crittenden, !>oo-
littlc, F(i-,-.en<k'ii, Fitch. Foot, Grimes Hale, Harlan, Hun-
ter, Kins, Lane, Mason, Mori ill, Nicholson, Peaiee, Polk,
Rice, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Truinflull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and H'llson—d'-l.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BIGLER. Before submitting the motion
which I intend to do, I desire to make a state-
ment which it may be proper that Senators should
know, that 1 shall, at the proper time to-morrow
afternoon, move for an executive session. I have
thought it right that 1 should make this state-
ment, in order that Senators may understand my
intention.
Several Senators. Now, move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BICLER. I know there are Senators who
are obliged to meet to-night upon a committee of
conference, and there is another meeting besides
that It is now nearly six o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us get the bill out of
committee. I believe there are no more amend-
ments.
Mr. BIGLER. If there was any probability
that we could soon take the bill out of committee,
1 might waive my motion; but 1 see no proba-
bility of tlmt, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion. I understand there are no
more amendments
Mr. ANTHONY. Only one more.
Mr. BIGLER. I have the floor, ltseemsto
be indicated satisfactorily to my own mind that
there are no amendments, and we shall dispose of
the bill promptly. I therefore withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer this amendment
as an additional section:
JJnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
audit and settle the accounts of the late superintendent of
the Fort Kidgely and South Pass wagon road, up to the
time when he was relieved ^rotn the care of the public
property in his possession—allowing liim all such sums as
in the opinion of the Secretary may be fair, reasonable, and
just, and charging linn with all such sums as in his opin-
ion he ought to be charged with, and to pay out of any
money in the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, the
amount found to be justly and equitably duo to the said
superintendent, if any : Provided, The amount herein pro-
vided for shall not exceed the sum of $10,000.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I must raise a question
of order on that. It is evidently a private claim.
Mr. WILKINSON. The services which were
rendered, and which this section proposes to set-
tle 
Mr. GRIMES. The question of order must
be decided without debate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am showing that this
amendment does not come within the exclusion
of the rule, and am going to show from the statute
that the services here performed, were performed
under an existing law.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I inquire of the Senator if
he moves it from any committee?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir; from the Com-
mittee on Claims. The services were performed
under an existing law, and an appropriation made
in advance before the services were rendered. An
appropriation was made for the Fort Ridgely and
South Pass wae-on road, and under that law, that
appropriation made in advance, this officer was
appointed to discharge the duty. The Senator
from Iowa laughs. Perhaps if he would refer to
the slatute lie would find that 1 am correct. Let
me read it:
1U: it enacted, tyc., That the sum of §50,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury, for the construction of a road from Fort Ridgely, in iho
Territory of Minnesota, to the South Pass m the Rocky
Mountains, in the Territory of Nebraska, said road to be
constructed under the direction ot the Secretary of the fii-
terioi pursuant to contracts to be made by him.
"Approved, July 92, 1856."
Under this act, the Secretary of the Interior
appointed a superintendent of that wagon road,
put him in the discharge of certain duties. The
officer performed them, and now this section re-
quires a settlement of his accounts with the De-
partment, and that he shall be paid such sum as
is due to him. It comes directly within the casea
allowed by the rule. It is to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law.
Mr. GRIMES. Why was he not paid? Why
was not his claim audited and paid under that
law1
Mr. WILKINSON. Why were not a great
many things done here that ought to have been
done ? That is a very strange question for a gen-
tleman on this side of the Chamber to ask.
Mr. BIGLER, I renew my motion that the
Senate adjoinu.
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BIGLER. I withdraw the motion, rather
than have the time consumed in taking the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice.)
The question before the Senate is on the adoption
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend-
ment  .
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a question of order.
I wan t to know if the Chair decides that the amend-
ment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that the Senator from Maine withdrew
his question of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; I have not
withdrawn it.
Mr. BAYARD. I make the objection, if he
does not, as a point of order; and I ask for the
decision of the Chair as to whether the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr CLARK. If gentlemen will let me pro-
pose my amendment, it may lead to some useful
legislation.
