264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] will take the floor atone o'clock to-day
on the special order that was made on his motion,
and will address the Senate at large on that sub-
ject. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.wil-
so.v] has a special order on which he wishes to
address the Senate to-morrow. I, therefore, in
order not to' interfere with those Senators in their
speeches, move that the unfinished business of
Saturday—the Pacific railroad bill—be made the
special order on Wednesday next, at one o'clock,
at which time I will make some remarks in an-
swer to the objections which have been made to
that bill. I hope there will be no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be considered as before the
Senate, and that will be considered as the sense
of the body.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from California that he may assign that bill
as a special order for two o'clock to-morrow. I
only want the floor for a few moments, not an
hour.
Mr. GWIN. Then I will say two o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have this bill
pressed as fast as we can.
Mr. GWIN. Then I will propose to make the
Pacific railroad bill the special order for to-mor-
row, at two o'clock. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I rise
now for (he purpose of moving to take up the
resolution which I offered some few days ago. I
hope the Senate will now proceed to its consider-
ation; and I tiust that we shall continue to con-
sider it until it is finally disposed of, to tho ex-
clusion of all other business; and I desire that to
be considered as my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to take up for consideration the
joint resolution (S. No. 54) proposing ceitain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, offered by him.
Tile motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the resolu-
tion be read ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir. I do not de-
sire it. Mr. President, I am apprised that the
honorable Senator from Georgia is entitled to the
floor upon this subject, or one so entirely analo-
gous to it that his remarks will be applicable to
this subject. I do not wish to deprive him for a
sm-sle moment of the possession of the floor. I
shall endeavor, as concisely as I can, to deliver
myself on the subject, and shall follow the Sena-
tor from Georgia. If the honorable gentleman
desires now to proceed, I will yield the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator may proceed. I
do not want to go on now.
Mr. COLLAAJER. I merely wish to say that
there is a special order at one o'clock: and as I
desire that the gentleman from Georgia shall not
be interrupted after he begins, I ask the Senate to
dispose of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER,. I desire that the bill for
the admission of Kansas be now considered and
made the spccial order for another day—some day
for which there is not a special order; say next
Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the bill (H. R. No. 23) for
the admission of Kansas into the Union be taken
up and made the spccial order for Monday next,
at one o'clock.
'Die motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Do I understand that
my honorable friend from Georgia desired 1 should
proceed r
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will occupy the floor
but a little while on this occasion. I do not desire
to procrastinate, or see procrastinated, the coming
to a final decision on this measure.
Mr. President, jf 1 could indulge myself with
the hope that the resolution which I have pro-
posed for amendments to the Constitution could
obtain (hat majority in this Senate which would
recommend it to the States foi their adoption, by
convention or by Legislature, I should never have
made this motion for a reference of the question
to the people. It is the extraordinary condition
of the country, the extraordinary circumstances
by which we are now surrounded, and the pecu-
liar situation in which Congress itself is placed,
that has induced me to attempt so extraordinary
a resort. We believe that amendments to the
Constitution are requisite to give that permanent
security which is necessary to satisfy the public
mind, and restore quiet to the country. Those
amendments cannot be recommended, nor can we
proceed in the measure of amendment, unless it
be by a two-thirds majority. I have feared that
that majority could not be hoped for here; and
it is in this last extremity that I have proposed
that we should invoke the judgment of the peo-
ple upon the great question on which their Gov-
ernment depends, it is not an ordinary question;
it is no question of party; it is no question of
policy; it is a question involving the existence of
the Union, and the existence of the Government.
Upon so momentous a question, where the pub-
lic councils themselves are so divided and so dis-
tracted as not to be able to adopt, for the want of
the requisite majority, those means that arc sup-
posed to be necessary for the safety of the coun-
try and the people, it has seemed to mo not im-
proper that we should resort to the great source
of ail political authority—the people themselves.
This is their Government; this is their Union;
we are but their representatives. I speak in no
feeling of flattery to the people, sir. No; I call
upon them to pronounce their judgment, and do
their duty to their country. If we cannot save
the country, and they will not save the country,
the country is gone. I wish to preserve it by all
the moans, ordinary and extraoidinaiy, that are
within our possible reach. That is the whole
feeling, and that is the entire prim iple upon which
I have acted in making this proposition. I see
nothing improper in it.
It may be objected to as not a mode recognized
by the Constitution. Well, sir, it is not forbid-
den by the Constitution, nor does it conflict with
any principle of the Constitution, and it aims at
nothing but what is entitled to influence here.
That influence will be weighed by the Senate
properly and justly. It is simply an appeal to
the people to aid us, their representatives, by giv-
ing us their judgment and their opinion upon the
subject. That judgment and opinion will not be
humiliating to us. If they should condescend to
pronounce their judgment and give their opinion,
there is no humiliation in our obeying the voice
of a great nation, whose representatives we are,
and whose servants we are proud to call ourselves.
Their sentiments and their opinions will be our
safest guide upon this question,surrounded as it is
by so many difficulties, and disabled as we are by
our own distractions and divisions m Congress
from acting upon it without some power to con-
trol and to govern individual opinion.
I do not think U necessary, Mr. President, that
I should onhugc upon this subject. The object
to be obtained is a constitutional one. It is to
ascertain the sense of thepc^>le,and for purposes
salutary to the people, andniecessaiy for the pres-
ervation of the country/i all the circumstances
which surround it. (k/
Then, sir, as to the institutional amendments
which are proposed for the sanction of the peo-
ple, and upon which they are to give their opin-
ion, I had occasion some time ago to make a few
remark*, and I intend now to add only a few
more. 1 do not intend to go very much at large
into this question. I do not know that I shall at
any time—certainly not now, when I am not
fully apprised, perhaps, of the \anous objections
that may be made to them. The first remedy
proposed consists in a new article to be added to
the Constitution, and which proposes for its ob-
ject to settle the question of territoiy, and the
question of slavery in respect to truitory; and to
settle that—l^ow? Simply to provide that all the
territory north of 36° 30' shall be free ftom sla-
very; that on the south slavery shall be recog-
! nized and protected, as it now exists by the laws
existing there for its protection, and to continue
| so until that territory, or any suitable proportion
of it, shall he formed into a Stnte and admitted
info the Union. Then they are to he admitted
with such pro\ision as they may choose to make
in their constitution m lespect to slavery—ex-
cluding it or admitting it. This is all. To the
North all is given; to the South it is only pro-
vided that things shall remain as they are until
the territory becomes a State, and then it is to
adopt this institution of slavery or not, according
to the wish of the people that are interested in the
new State. It seems to me there is something
very just and very fair on the face of this propo-
sition.
We are a great nation, composed now of thirty-
threeStates. Fifteen of these have this peculiar in-
stitution of slavery; the others have excluded it,
each acting according to its own free choice under
the Constitution. Slavery existed in these and
more States when the Constitution was formed.
The Constitution took things as they were, recog-
nized them as they were, and left them as they
weic, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the several
States. Those who had the institution of slavery
were left to the sole dominion over it; those who
were without it were left to the free and full course
of their own will and of their own wisdom upon
the subject, on the one side to continue to exclude
it, or on the other side to continue to retain it.
This was the broad, general, reciprocal justice
which the Constitution did to all sections of the
country.
Now, sir, I ask the same standard and the same
measure of justice. Let us take things as they
are; that is the object. To the north of 36° 30'
slavery has been excluded. I say, therefore, sla-
very is excluded. To the south, slavery exists
as a matter of fact. I ask you to recognize it.
That was the principle upon which the framers
of our Constitution went, recognizing the status
existing at the time, adopting that, accepting that
as a basis. This is what I understand m respect
to all the States. This is all now that I ask; all
that this proposition is. There arc south of that
line, the Indian territory, and the Teriitory of
New Mexico; that is all. Of the Indian terri-
tory I need say nothing; that is appropriated to
others, and upon the terms of that appropriation
it rests. By those terms, however, slavery may
be recognized as existing there; for the fact is, it
does exist. So m all iNew Mexico; and how
comes it to exist in New Mexico? It exists po-
tentially in New Mexico in virtue of the decision
of the Supieme Court of the United States in the
so-often quoted case of Dred Scott. They say
that all the people of the United States have the
right equally to go into the common territory of
the United States, and carry with them any spe-
cies or description of property recognized as such
in the States from which they emigrate. Poten-
tially, then, slavery does exist there; but more
than that: by the great compromise measures of
1850, a territorial government was formed for
New Mexico; and one of the compromises, one
of the adjustments on that great occasion, was to
give this Territory, which was a subject of dis-
pute in respect to the question of slavery, power
to "legislate on all rightful subjects of legisla-
tion." It was intended to cover this case; it did
cover the case of slavery by the broad and dis-
tinct terms in which the power was given to the
Territorial Legislature. That was the agreement
between the North and the South: " We will say
nothing about slavery ourselves, but we will con-
stitute a territorial government, and we will give
to that teintorial government, representing the
local interests, representing the local population,
the power to dispose of this subject according to
the wishes and according to the interests of the
people of the Territory." In the exercise of that
power, the people of the Territory did pass an
act authorizing and regulating slavery in every
particular; and that act now exists. Slavery only
to a very limited extent exists there; but it exists
by law actually.
Now, what docs this amendment of mine pro-
pose? Not that gentlemen shall agree that slavery
may exist there; not that they shall concede any
principle; not that they shall concede any policy;
'[ but simply that they shall recognize a fact, a fact
'! that they cannot dispute—the fact of the actual ex-
jj istcnccof slavery under actuallaw, emanating from
: j that Territory under power granted in the compro-
'j mise of 1850,which was intended to settle the affairs
• of the country, and to relieve us from the troubles
which have now returned. It was hailed by the
whole people, accepted as a peace offering on all
sides, and has been continued from that day.
Undui the povvei given by that act ol Congress
