1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
shall meet no objection from mc. They may load
it down to the water's edge, if they see fit.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota, by striking;
out the word "settle," and inserting " state;"
and striking out ail after the word " with," and
to insert " report the same to Congress;" so as
to make his amendment read:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to audit
and state the accounts of the late superintendent of the Fort
Itidgely and South I'a^b wagon load up to the tunc when
he was relieved from the care of the public property in his
possession, and allow hmi al! such as, in the opinion
of the Secretary, may be fair, reasonable, and just, and
charge him with all such sums as, in hus opinion, lie ought
to be charged with, and repoit the ^anio to Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In consequence
of my misfortune in having hud an amendment
voted down, lest the language of the Senator from
Maine shouid be construed as applicable to me,
1 am under the necessity of asking him to say
whether he alluded to mc. I hope the Senator
did not mean to imply that each member of this
body who had an amendment voted down was
finding fault with him. I know the great burden
that is upon his shoulders, and upon the should-
ers of those who work with him. I will say to
the Senator now, that if he did understand from
any one that I complained or found fault with his
course, he is mistaken. He has certainly used
very hard words 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I uttered no hard words.
I said that Senators had complained and spoken
about certain individuals having their own way.
If the Senator did not say anything of that sort,
I did not mean him; if he did say it, I did mean
him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is a most
intelligible statement; very clenr indeed. [Laugh-
ter.] The woild docs not know who the Senator
means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no charge against
any one.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. You made it
against the whole body, who sit here as your
peers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This discus-
sion is out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then it was
out of order for the Senator from Maine 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question before the Senate justifying the course
of debate which is being indulged m.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am speaking
to the bill. The remark is not applicable to mo
at ail, and I do not know who it is applicable to;
but it is applicable to somebody. 1 am address-
ing myself to the bill, which I hope may pass.
As far as 1 am concerned, 1 have no objection
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the amendment
to the amendment will not prevail. It is the same
as throwing the whole thing over another year.
I do not think, if a public officer has gone on and
dischargedhisduties,and the Departmentsofind,
that it is a fair way of treating him. I do not be-
lieve it is a just and proper way to treat the mat-
ter; and therefore I oppose the amendment of the
Senatoj^from New Hampshire, which leaves the
party without any relief whatever.
Mr. CLARK. I propose the amendment, be-
cause I do not think it best to provide money to
]^ay before the account is stated and it is known
to Congress what is to be paid. By this amend-
ment we authorize the Secretary to state to Con-
gress t^is account, allowing what is fair and just,
and charging him with what he ought to pay, and
report it to us, so that we may know the amount
to oe paid, and pay it, and know what we are doing.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being on a division—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CLARK and others. Let us get the bill
out of committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. WILKINSON. I made a motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
The b^ll was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that the Senate
adjourn. I wish to say something upon some of
the amendments to-morrow.
Mr ANTHONY. I hope we shall concur in
the amendments that are not objected to.
Mr. PEARCE. I want to object to some of
them. We can take them up in the morning. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 26, 1861.
The Housemetateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
bpr the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department, transmitting, in accordance
with the requirement of the act of June 2, 1836,
a statement of offers and contracts for carrying
the mail; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
tiie crisis.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the proceedings of a Dem-
ocratic meeting in the State of Pennsylvania;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hold in my
hand two petitions which I desire to present to
the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business, which is the bill of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton1.") We have been told
that we have but two hours for the consideration
of that bill this morning; and I insist that there
shall be no delay in going to Us consideration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I only desire to
present a couple of petitions. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is House bill No. 1003, supplementary to
the several acts now in force to provide for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions; upon which the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I have a icsolution, which I
believe is a privileged one, for the purpose of
holding a night session to consider ^he Pacific
railroad bill. I ask that tr may he read.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to hear-
ing the gentleman's resolution read, and I have
no objection to the gentleman from Illinois pre-
senting his petitions; but I object to the time of
the House being taken up to deprive us of any
portion of the two hours we have for the consid-
eration of the force bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will not occupy
a minute.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am surprised
that the gentleman from Ohio should object, when
I propose to present petitions from the people in
relation to the present condition of the country.
I have, on several occasions, presented petitions
against the propositions 1 made in the House for
the settlement of our national difficulties. Now,
I hold in my hand a petition, more numerously
signed than the others, praying its adoption; and
1 think it unjust that I should be prevented fiom
presenting it. Sir, I desire that the voice of the
people should be heard; for I confidently believe
that, if they can be heard, some adjustment of
the present difficulties will be effected; and I say
to the gentleman, that if their voice is stilled',
and, in disregard of their will, the Government is
disrupted by the madness of political action, and
civil war be induced, a just retribution will be
visited on those who did not do all in their power
to prevent it.
Mr. EDGERTON. The rules require that pe-
titions shall be handed to the Clerk; and I only
ask that the gentleman shall present his petitions
under the rules, as all of us have to present ours.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask leave to pre-
sent the proceedings of a convention of the people
of the State of Indiana, held at the city of Indian-
apolis, on the 22d instant, without distinction of
party, for the purpose of ^ivina: expression to the
sentiments of the people in regard to the existing
national troubles, at which convention resolutions
in favor of the adoption by Congress of the Crit-
tenden proposition wore unanimously adopted. I
will merely say that these resolutions, I believe,
express the views of four fifths of the people of my
The resolutions were received by unanimous
consent, and laid on the table.
Mr. CURTIS. I now ask the consent of the
House to present my resolution. I present it as
a privileged question. I ask that it may be read.
Mr. BURNETT. The special order for the
morning is a privileged question; and J do not
imagine that the gentleman can supersede it.
The SPEAKER. The special order has been
called for, and the Chair has no power to have
the resolution of the gentleman from Iowa read.
The gentleman from Michigan is entitled to the
floor; and thirty-five minutes of his hour still
remain.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have passed bills of the
House of the following titles; in winch he asked
the concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 895) making appropriationsforcer-
tain civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1860; and
A bill (No. 950) in relation to the postal ser-
vice.
Also, that the President of the United States
has notified the Senate that he did, on the 23d
instant, approve and .sign an act (S. No. 345) for
the relief of Mary Walbach, widow of the late
Brevet Brigadier General John DeB. Walbach,
of the United States Army.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the consent of the
House that the miscellaneous appropriation bill,
which Was just come from the Senate, may be
printed, with the Senate amendments; amithat the
Superintendent of Public Printing1 have authority
to have it printed wherever he may think proper,
so that the printing may be done promptly.
TIIB MILITIA.
The special order was then taken up for con-
sideration.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. _ Mr. Speaker,
when the debate on this bill was interrupted on
Thursday last, by the expiration of the morning
hour, I was proceeding to state that this bill, in
my judgment, had no other effect than to give
construction, to furnish an explanation of the laws
already existing upon the subject. And although
this bill was reported by the Military Committee,
one similar to it was fust reported by the special
committee to which was referred the special mes-
sage of the President. The reason why they re-
ported the bill they did, analogous to this was,
not because of any belief on their part that the
present law was insufficient; but because of a
somewhat extraordinary opinion recently pub-
lished by the late Attorney General, and because
of the position assumed in the special message of
the President. The President characteiizes seces-
sion as a thing wholly unknown to the Constitu-
tion and without the pale of the law. He declared,
in distinct terms, that it was revolution; that it
may be justifiable revolution, but that it was nev-
ertheless revolution. fie then proceeded to say
that the Constitution has provided ample means
for meeting all such contingencies; but that the
magnitude and volume of the present revolution-
ary movement reach far above the present Mate
of the legislation of the country. Perhaps this
remark was made in allusion to the opinion of the
Attorney General,already referred to. To remove
the matter from doubt, the special committee re-
ported a hill; and this one, 1 understands simi-
lar to it. The special committee were willing to
give way, because it seemed more proper that a
measure of this kind should ongmate with the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Now, sir, whether the belief entertained by the
committee is correct or not, whether this be a
mere interpretation—and a proper one—of the
present law, or goes beyond it, Hiscleaily, m
the present emergency, among the constitutional
