1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
of 1850, slavery has been admitted into that Ter-
ritory, and ail that is proposed by my amendment
is, as 1 said, simply to recognize that; an'd fur-
thermore, the fact being recognized, that it shall
be recognized that that state of things, that fact,
shall continue as it is, until the Territory shall
have acquired a sufficient population, according
to the ratio-of representation for Representatives,
to entitle it to one member in Congress,and then
to be admitted into the Union on an equal footing
with the rest of the States, and with a constitution
adopting or excluding slavery, according to the
judgment of the people themselves.
This is the whole proposition in that respect.
Well, I confess, sir, it seems to me that it is very
little to grant. Some gentlemen are averse to com-
promise. Weil, gentlemen, you may call this a
compromise. May it not with equal propriety be
called an honest adjustment of rights? But if it
were a compromise, is it not a fair compromise?
And upon what principle are we opposed to com-
promise? All human life is bift a compromise,
From the cradle to the grave, every step of it is
a compromise between man and society. And
when peace is the reward of compromise, it has
been usually blessed. A man, it is said, in respect
to the compromise of a lawsuit, must be allowed
to purchase his peace. A man can purchase noth-
ing better, nothing dearer than his peace, even in
private transactions. How is it in relation to di-
visions between great communities, different coun-
tries, or great sections of the same country ? Are
they not more necessary there ? Are they not more
demanded by the interests of society, more de-
manded by humanity itself, than in any other con-
dition of life? Just as much more demanded as
the consequences are greater and more moment-
ous, and more destructive ordinarily. If there
were no compromise, parties would have to settle,
by force or by war, these questions.
Is there in this compromise anything repulsive
to any section of this country ? I know the great
Republican party of this country have declared
themselves against the extension of slavery. Is
this, in the sense of that declaration, is this, in
the sense of that tenet of their faith, an extension
of slavery? I have before shown, what is the
indisputable fact, that slavery does exist here by
law, which covers the whole Territory. Itisnot
extending slavery into a Territory where no sla-
very exists. Slavery does exist there; and the
question is, whether you will let it exist, accord-
ing to the laws under which it docs exist, until
the Territory becomes a State, and decides for
itself whether slavery shall continue longer or not.
Is there such stringency in the doctrine of the
party upon this subject, that neither for weal nor
for woe, neither for peace nor for war, will they,
mediately or immediately, on a principle of com-
promise or on a principle of justice, recognize the
existence of slavery in the Territory of New
Mexico?
What gentleman, as a statesman, can stand upon
that ground? What Senator can stand upon that
ground? Say that we are here,as I verily believe
we arc, upon the brink of intestine and civil war,
that that war can be prevented by recognizing
the fact of the existence of slavery, and agreeing
that it shall continue for ten or fifteen years, until
the Territory shall become prepared to enter the
Union as a State, and that Senators had rather
encounter civil war, had rather encounter the de-
struction of this Union, and of this Government,
than to agree to these terms—upon what grounds?
Upon any grounds of pubiic welfare? Upon any
avowed grounds of policy or of patriotism'1 Can
any Senator stand upon that ground? What is
his ground, then? The Republican party sees that
by possibility, under this adjustment, that State,
if it chooses slavery, may come into the Union
hereafter as a slave State. Are they pledged
against that under all circumstances? Are their
general rules rules that admit of no exceptions?
The old maxim is, that the exception proves the
rule. If the rule be reasonable, there always are
exceptional circumstances that may occur, which
would prevent the application of the rule; but here
are general rules that admit of no exception; and
civil war, pestilence, famine, and everything else,
are to be encountered, rather than to recede one
single hair's breadth from a particular, prescribed
doctrine. I cannot conceive it possible.
But suppose, Mr. Piesident, that tins pi ^posi-
tion does make such provision that the ultimate
result of it may be, if the people of the Territory
choose, that it may hereafter be entitled, under
this amendment of the Constitution, to come in
as a slave State. What do gentlemen say to that?
is it a dogma that no slave State ever shall here-
after be admitted into this Union; and will they,
for the maintenance and preservation of that dog-
ma, sacrifice the country? Will they encounter
civil war and disunion and all its fearful conse-
quences, rather than yield up in a single instance
this dogma of no more slave States? Surely if
that dogma were to be pressed with ever such
heartfelt conviction, and such heartfelt zeal, it
could not be but that, in the hearts that had so
adopted and embraced it, such an exception might
be made as this. When the fate of my country
is on the one side and my dogma on the other, let
the dogma go rather than the country be pros-
trated. Is any member of the Senate prepared to
say, in the face of this country and of the world,
that rather than yield up his dogma in a single
instance, he will see the country go to ruin, or he
will attempt to enforce his opinion by the sword ?
Is there any man who will do such a thing as that,
so contrary to the law and teachings of the Al-
mighty, and contrary to all humanity ?
Sir, we are one people. I glory in the thought.
Will one half of the people undertake to say, we
have a conscientious scruple about admitting a
slave State, and wc intend to substitute that scru-
ple in placc of all your territorial rights ? This
Government, as made by our fathers, was made
by States who held slaves and States who did not.
We now stand in the same attitude. Then, in
their time, most or all of the States held slaves,
and now a minority of them only hold slaves.
Shall the present majority, holding no slaves,
plead, as an apology for usurping all thccommon
territory of the country, a conscientious scruple,
a dogma upon their part that no more slave States
shall be admitted ? I ask my honorable friends
on this side of the Chamber if that is the political
system or ethics upon which they intend to act;
if it is that which they can avow, as a party, for
monopolizing that which is common property ?
Will they plead a conscientious scruple? Sir, it
is a great nursery for conscientious scruples, in-
deedj if men can make titles m themselves to com-
mon property in that way. I do not know why
a man who held with me a tract of land might not
take the same scruple against me, and say that I
was heretical, and violated all his dogmas, in pol-
itics and religion; that his scruples would not
allow lnm to be m sue!) communion with me as
to hold property in common. And how does he
gratify his conscience, and how does he dissolve
this question of casuistry? By taking the whole
property to himself and turning me out. I say
it is a great nursery for scruples of this sort, if an
argumcntof thatkind is to be found here.
And now, Mr. President, see how exactly the
very territory in dispute comes within the line
of all that reasoning which would show that every
part of the country ought to be considered as
equally entitled to share in the enjoyment of it.
That country was but recently acquired from
Mexico; and it was acquired by conquest. Is it
not as plain a case that every section of the coun-
try paid its proportionate part of the considera-
tion, as if it had been bought with money and
each citizen had contributed the number of pence
that his interest amounted to? Did not the South
contribute her part of the treasure which bore the
expense of that purchase ? Did she not contribute
her portion of the blood that was shed in obtain-
ing it? Did she not do even a little more of it
than our northern brethren, because of their re-
mote situation? We were nearer the scene of
action, could get to it more easily, and therefore,
perhaps, there were more southern than northern
men engaged m the war. The millions of money
that it cost were paid, not out of a sectional purse,
but out of a national purse, to^vhich all contrib-
uted. We fought, one as well as another, and
all sections did their duty.
I do not recur to these things for reproach upon
any section of our country. No, sir. I love it
all'too well. It is all my country. I am notthe
man to degrade any portion of it by any language
I have to use.
This territory, then, plainly and clearly, was
acquired by us all. It is but the work of yester-
day. Now, a portion attempt to take it. They
have scruples about allowing us our lull and
unrestricted and unreserved equal right in the
territory. Can this be proper? We are but one
community, with diverse institutions in relation
to domestic slavery, as well as in relation to many
other subjects. We have grown up in, and cul-
tivated habits suitable to, all the circumstances
surrounding us, just as every people on earth
have. The institution of slavery has given a va-
riety to the form of society in which it exists.
The absence of it has given form to a somewhat
different condition of society, but equally adapted
to its people. So it will be everywhere. You
say, then, for instance, by way of mitigating the
wrong done, that you only exclude slaveholders;
you only exclude three hundred thousand—not
a section of the country; not States; not fifteen
States; but three hundred thousand slaveholders
in those States. Whether that is a correct com-
putation of them I do not know; nor is it of the
least importance to this argument. No; the wrong
does not stop there. All the millions that have
been reared in the society formed, and receiving
its character, and receiving its complexion from
that institution, though they may not be the own-
ers of slaves, have been brought up and habitu-
ated to the habit and form of society which that
institution has given birth to. That makes a dif-
ference in the habits of a people not to be worn
off in a day or a minute—transient, I admit; but
they are, for the present, their habits. Their
feelings and their habits go along together; and
neither would you northern men prefer to go into
the society of these people under circumstances
equal; nor would the southern man, with his
habits and his feelings, prefer to go into northern
society, simply because of changes in the custom
and habits; that is all. By restraining the slave-
holders from going into any Territory, then you
restrain the formation of any such habits as this
other man, who is not a slaveholder in the southern
States, has formed. You do not expel him, biit
you erect a barrier; not an insuperable one; you
create a new difficulty in his way in going there,
where he is to meet with strangers, and strangers
of somewhat different habits from himself.
But, as a matter of right, looking at it accord-
ing to the political principles upon which our
great political society is formed; looking at it
upon the common popular principles upon which
the Constitution was formed, have you a right,
in the distribution of the public property, to make
any distinction between the portions of the coun-
try holding slaves, and those who do not hold
them ? Why have you more risrht to do it in re-
spect to the public lands and Territories of the
United States, than in respect to any other spe-
cies of public property ? If you had money in
the Treasury, would you insist upon taking all
of that? No. I know you would not. Why?
Because it is a common property. When, instead
of money, we come to divide territory, land, does
not the same principle apply—not merely upon
the ground of ordinary equity or justice, but be-
cause our Constitution has been formed, those
who made it well knowing that in different sec-
tions of the common country for which it was
made, different scruples might obtain, different
dogmas might prevail? But these were not to be
looked to at all. Our Constitution, in its provis-
ions, leaves us all free to entertain these dogmas;
but it does not leave us free to disregard the great
principles of equality, and equal justice, and equal
distribution, as among honest fellow-citizens, of
land as well as money, and every thing else. No
part of the country, no section of the country,
has a right to set up its particular opinion on any
subject as the image of orthodoxy, and say those
who do not come up to this rule of orthodoxy
shall not share with us in anything that belongs
to this Government. This is regulated, not by
conscientious considerations, not by a scruple,
but by broad, plain, common political principles;
such as cur common Constitution was framed
upon. Would you, upon any ground of difference
as to a question of religion, have a right to make
any distinction ? Would you have a right to say
that no Presbyterian should settle in this terri-
tory, because he is a Presbyterian? Would-you
have a right to say* that no Congregationulist
shall settle there? Suppose we were divided by
a sectional line in our religion: would any one of
, us have a right to invoke his religion as a reason
j why he was entitled to more, and his brother to
; less, or to nothing? Nobody would pretend that*
