1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
secession is a peaceful or constitutional remedy,
or, in other words, that it has a legal existence.
Coal d anything be more absurd? Or, if they them-
solves admit that this is revolution, how can they
resistthesuppressionofrevolution? Mr.Speaker,
we need but a moment to show that it has no legal
foundation whatever; for an ordinance of seces-
sion can by no possibility rise higher, in a legal
point of view, than the State constitution. If a
secession convention bo legal, or if it be regular,
if it observe all formality, if it receive the unan-
imous indorsement of the people of the seceding
State, then it rises just as high, and no higher
than any other organic act of the State. It is just
as high as a State constitution, and no higher.
And yet the Constitution makes the Constitution
itself, and the laws of the Union, and the treaties
made by the authorities of the United States the
supreme law of the land, anything m any State
constitution, or, if you please, anything in your
ordinances of secession, to the contrary notwith-
standing. U isabsurd. It needs oriiy to bestated,
to show that it can have no legal foundation what-
ever. It is, therefore, a revolution—no more and
no less.
Again, sir, it is not only without legal author-
ity, but it is destructive of the very first principles
of the Government. All rightful power that any
Government has, is made up by the surrender of
such natural individual rights as the people have
given to it for the purpose of securing protection
to their remaining rights. This is the very found-
ation of all Governments, not only laid down by
Blackstone, but by every writer who has outlived
his own age. All the rightful powers of the Gov-
ernment are made up of such individual rights as
have been surrendered for that specific purpose.
Whether you consider our Government as a men:
compact between States, or a Union of the whole
people, it does not alter the ease; because if it be
a mere compact, the States, in making it, only
used such power as had been given to them by
the individuals of the States; and if a State may
resume its sovereign power at its will—that is,
secede, then it follows irresistibly that every in-
dividual may, upon the same principle, resume
his sovereignty at his pleasure, defeat the execu-
tion of all laws, and make all Governments ut-
terly impossible. It is a humbug; it is nothing
more or less, in a legal point of view, than a hum-
bug. It is a revolution.
Now, General Jackson, in 1833, declared that
revolution was a sacred light that could not be
surrendered; but he said it was a right that did
not pertain to a State, by any possibility. A State
has no more right of revolution against the Gen-
eral Government than it has against any foreign
Government. A State can no moic have revolu-
tion against the General Government, or the Gen-
eral Government agamsc a Sfafe—because each
has its own proper sphere—than they can have
the right of revolution against any foreign coun-
try. The whole Government that the people have
ordained is made up of two parts—the State gov-
ernments, for 1 ocal purposes, and the General Gov-
ernment, for national purposes—each designed to
move in its own proper sphere, and the one can-
not rightfully interfere with the othci*. You might
as well say that one of the planets, that moves in
its own orbit, and has done so ever since the morn-
ing stars sang together, has the right of revolu-
tion against the other planets of the system. The
truth is, this is revolution; this is rebellion; and
rebellion leads to treason. These propositions
are so undeniably founded in truth, that I am
amazed that they should be even questioned. I
deny that this is a war measure. It is a mcasuic
lendercd necessary, if we would discharge our
duty, respect our oaths,and preserve the Govern-
ment. I therefore throw back the denunciations
leveled against this hill. And without question-
ing the motives of any gentleman on this floor,
and without the least disrespect for the gentleman
from Virginia, I denounce the denunciations as
unwarranted, and, in my judgment, calculated in
their tendency to break up the Government, and
render aid and comfort to its enemies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, if I were to fol-
low the gentleman who has just resumed his seat
along the line of argument he pursued in his very
d< sultory remarks, I would he obliged to consider
the most difficult problems involved in our com-
plicated system of governments. But, sir neither
the occasion nor my own inclination permits such
an endeavor. For one, 1 am unwilling to avail
myself of the opportunity of very restricted debate
extorted from the dominant majority here in a
moment of sudden panic. It is their purpose,
plainly manifest and, indeed, openly avowed, to
drive through this measure without pause or de-
liberation by the resistless pressureofan arbitrary
rule; and the poor privilege of protest I will not
accept as an equivalent for that freedom of speech
which I claim as a prerogative of constitutional
guarantee.
For another reason I decline to discuss the bill
before the House. Js it notobvious to universal
apprehension that its p'assage is already decreed
in the'councils of a relentless majority; and that
no weight of authority, no force of argument, no
urgency of appeal, can avail to divert them from
their purpose? I will not appear, by sharing in
the discussion, to acknowledge that to be the re-
sult of deliberation which is the effect of force.
But, sir, another and a more imperative consid-
eration still restrains me from opposing argument
to the passage of this bill. Inasmuch as its enact-
ment—its eventual enactment—is a foregone and
inevitable conclusion, I do most fervently pray
that it may be adopted at once, to the end that the
people of Vnginia and the South may be roused
to an apprehension of the perils which menace
their destruction. Sir, it is by this policy of con-
cealment and procrastination, this Machiavelian
policy of "divide and conquer," that the enemies
of the South have sown division in the councils
of the South. Dissembling designs which I know
they entertain, and pretending pacific purposes,
which 1 know they abhor at heart, they have suc-
ceeded, so far, in detaching the border States from
thr .southern mteiestand southern alliance. Sir,
for the sake of a united South, for the sake of the
cause now suspended on the success of the south-
ern movement. 1 beseech gentlemen upon the other
side, nay, rather I do defiantly challenge them, to
assume the attitude of avowed hostility corre-
spondent with their bloody designs.
I know, sir—and no man on the other side of
the House will dare gainsay the asseveration—
that the Repubhciin party aie resolved never to
recognize the independence of the seceding States;
never to surrender dominion of the capttfred forts;
never to relinquish the Federal authority over any
locality where it may have prevailed; in short, are
resolved to permit the South no other alternative
than submission or subjugation. In the event the
South shall decline to capitulate, coercion—coer-
cion of arms—is their purpose and their policy.
Who so bold hh to deny the assertion? Indeed,
sir, if strongei words be possible, stronger words
are requisite; and I dare proclaim to the country,
that it js the policy of the dominant party and the
incoming Administration to c:u-ry slaughter and
the sword into the bosom of the Republic sooner
than tolerate the independent existence of the
southern confederacy. Why, sir, the bill before
us—to say nothing of other measures of an analo-
gous character—is proof of their purpose.
After the very frank and intelligible exposition
of the meaning and intent of the bill, propounded
by the honorable gentleman who reported it, I am
amazed that any one should be perplexed as to
its effect. With a candor which cannot be too
highly commended,and with a clearness of state-
ment which dissipates every cloud of ambiguity,
the gentleman announced that this bill is designed
to supply omissions in the acts of 1795 and j807;
omissions in these essential and all signiiicantpar-
tioulars, that, whereas those acts were allowed
to operate only in pursuance of legal process, and
for the lepression of individual resistance to the
Federal laws, this measure arms the President with
power, plenary power, to chastise and subdue
the organized revolt of a State government. In
a word, sir, it is a measure of coercion—a meas-
ure under the authority of which the President
may carry on a campaign of vigorous hostilities
against a State—a measure, in truth, of civil and
fraternal war. Sir, it needs not that perverse pre-
judice of southern patriotism, which my colleague
from the Norfolk district [Mr. Million] re-
proachfully imputed to my colleague across the
aiale, [Mr.GAR.yETT,] to discern thisaim and oper-
ation m the bill; for the gentleman who intro-
duced it so describes it.
Such, sir, arc the object and effect of this bill;
but it is distinguished by details of a still more
monstrous character. It submits to the fallible
and capricious judgment of a single individual—
the President of" the United States—to determine
when occasion shall require the employment of
force against a State, and so invests him with the
arbitrary power of initiating civil war. To carry
out the suggestion of his understanding, (it may be
the impulse of his resentment or the dictate of his
ambition,) the billauthorizesthePresidenttograsp
all the naval and military resources of the coun-
try—the militia as well as the regular service—
millions of men—and to hurl them m fatal attack
upon a member of this Confederacy.
Sir, it signifies nothing, as intimated by the gen-
tleman who preceded mc, that this measure does
not involve an appropriation of money. For that
defect it is all the more portentous, since it allows
the President to pledge the faith and credit of the
country to an unlimited amount. Tell mc, has all
regard for the essential principles of civil liberty,
has all solicitude for the blessed reign of peace,
vanished from among us, that we are willing to
arm the Executive with this enormous power for
this flagitious purpose; a purpose not only fatal
to freedom and shocking to humanity, but a pur-
pose plainly prohibited by the principles of the
Constitution ?
Sir, it is an historic verity, a fact of official
record, that two propositions were submitted to .
the convention which framed the Constitution,
investing the Federal Government with the power
of coercmga State. One of these propositions was
presented by Mr. Randolph, of my own State,
and the other by Mr. Paterson, of New Jersey;
and both propositions were rejected with the em-
phasis of the most signal unanimity. That the
doctrine of coercion is repugnant to all the prin-
ciples of this Constitution and Government is
attested by the authority of the men who created
the Constitution. I will not adduce the authority
of Madison, but I cite a single paragraph from a
speech delivered by Alexander Hamilton in the
convention of New York—Hamilton, whom I
know gentlemen on the other side hold in the
highest regard and reverence:
To coerce the States is one of the maddest projects that
wa« ever devised. A failure of compliance will never be
confined to a single State. This being the case, can we
suppose it wiae tu ha/.an! aciviJ war? Suppose Massachu-
setts. or any large Suite, should reluse, and Congress should
attempt to compel them : would they not have influence to
pioeure assistance, especially fiom thObcStates who arc in
the same Mtuation as themsc.lvcs ? What picture docs this
idea present to our view—-Congress marching the troops of
one State into the bosom of another; this State collecting
auxiliaries and forming, perhaps, a majority against its Fed-
eral head ! Here is a nation at war with itself. Can any
reasonable man be well disposed towards a Government
winch makes wai and carnage the only means of support-
ing itM'lf—a Government that can exist only by the sword
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the principle, such the
puipose of this bill, such its character—so mon-
strous and so mischievous, carrying death and
desolation in its plausible periods-, and yet gentle-
tlemen upon the other side propose to hurry it
through the forms of law, granting, as a special
favor) the indulgence of a single day's debate.
Sir, I will not discuss it. m
Pea.ce we prefer, but peace you will not give
us. Nothing do you profit by the lessons of ex-
perience. The Sybil offered you the unimpaired
volume of wisdom, hut you rejected the precious
gift. State after State has seceded, and still you
are obdurate. To the end you will persevere till
the last opportunity of pacification is gone, and
gone forever.
Then, sir, I say, pass your bills of coercion.
Pass them with whatsoever of indecent haste and
aggravating ciieumstance. Collect the materials
of war, so "that when your leader descends upon
the scene, he may draw the curtain from the
bloody drama—so that when he assumes the reins
of power, he may precipitate his legions into the
bosom of the South. I do not say they will be
" welcomed with bloody hands to hospitable
craves;" but this I will adventure, that the people
of the South will not surrendertheir rights without
a struggle; and that for whatsoever may be wrested
from them by the grasp of superior force, they
will indemnify their posterity by bequeathingthem
the legacy of an untarnished name.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
to allow me to present an amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman can obtain the
floor, and present his amendment.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman who last addressed
