268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
unequivocal, well-acknowledged constitutional
rights; rights affirmed by the highest judicial
tribunals of their country; rights older than the
Constitution; rights which are planted upon the
immutable principles of natural justice; rights
which have been affirmed by the" good and the
wise of all countries, and of all centuries. We
demand no power to injure any man. We de-
mand no right to injure our confederate States.
We demand no right to interfere with their insti-
tutions, either byword or deed. We have no
right to disturb their peace, their tranquillity,
their security. We have demanded of them sim-
ply, solely—nothing else—to give us equality, se-
curity, and tranquillity. Give us these, and peace
restores itself. Refuse them, and take what you
can get.
I will now read my own demands, acting under
my own convictions, and the univeisal judgment
of my countrymen. They are considered tho
demands of an extremist. To hold to a consti-
tutional right now makes one considered an ex-
tremist— 1 believe that is the appellation these
traitors and villains, north and south, employ. I
accept their reproach rather than their principles.
Accepting their designation of treason and rebel-
lion, there stands before them as good a traitor,
and as good a rebel, as ever descended from revo-
lutionary loins.
What do these rebels demand? First, "that
the people of the United States shall have an equal
right to emigrate and settle in the present,or any
future acquired territories, with whatever prop-
erty they may possess, (including slaves,) and
be securely protected in its peaceable enjoyment
until such territory may be admitted as a State
into the Union, without or without slavery, as
she may determine, on an equality with all exist-
ing States." That is our territorial demand. We
have fought for this territory when blood was its
price. We have paid for it when gold was its
price. We have not proposed to exclude you,
though you have contributed very little of either
blood or money, i refer especially to New Eng-
land. We demand only to go into those terri-
tories upon terms of equality with you, as equals
in this great Confederacy, to enjoy the common
property of the whole Union, and receive the
protection of the common Government, until the
teriitory is capable of coming into the Union as
a sovereign State, when it may fix its own insti-
tutions to suit itself.
The second proposition is: "that property in
slaves shall be entitled to the same protection
from the Government of the United States, in all
of its departments, everywhere, which the Con-
stitution confers the power upon it to extend to
anyother property, provided nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to limit or"restrain the
right now belonging to every State to prohibit,
abolish, o* establish and protect slavery within
its limits." Wo demand of the common Govern-
ment to use its granted powers to protect our prop-
el ty as well as yours. For this protection we pay
as much as you do. This very property is sub-
ject to taxation. It has been taxed by you, and
sold by you for taxes. The titl  to thousands and
tens of thousands of slaves is derived from the
United States. We claim that the Government,
while the Constitution recognizes our property
for purposes of taxation, shall give it tlie same
protection that it gives yours. Ought it not to
do so? You say no. Every one of you upon the
committee said no. Your Senators say no. Your
House of Representatives says no. Throughout
the length and breadth of your conspiracy against
the Constitution, there is but one shout of no!
This recognition of this right is the price of my
allegiance. Withhold it, and you do notgetmy
obedience. This is the philosophy of the armed
men who have spiungupin this country. Do
you ask me to support a Government that will
tax my property; that will plunder me; that will
demand my blood, and will not protect me? I
would rather see the population of my own native
State laid six feet beneath her sod than that they
should suppoit for one hour such a Government.
Protection is the price of obedience everywhere,
in all countries. It is the only thing that makes
Government respectable. Deny it, and you can-
not have free subjects or citizens; you may have
slaves.
We demand, in the next place, "that persons
committing crimes against slave property in one
State, and fleeing to another, shall be delivered
up in the same manner as persons committing
crimes against other property, and that the laws
of the State from which such persons flee shall be
the test of criminality." That is another one of
the demands of an extremist and rebel. The Con-
stitution of the United States, article four, section
two, says:
" A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
other ciime, who shall flee from ju«tice, and be found in
another State, shall, on demand of the executive authority
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up to be re-
moved to tho State having jurisdiction of the crime."
But the non-slaveholding States, treacK'erous to
their oaths and compacts, have steadily refuse!!,
if the criminal only stole a negro, and that negro
was a slave, to deliver him up. It was refused
twice on the requisition of my own State as long
as twenty-two years ago. It was refused by Kent
and by Fairfield, Governors of Maine, arul rep-
resenting, I believe, each of the then Federal
parties. We appealed then to fraternity, but we
submitted; and this constitutional right has been,
practically, a dead letter from that day to this.
The next ease came up between us and the
State of New York, when the present senior Sen-
ator [Mr. Seward] was the Governor of that
State; and he refused it. Why? He said it was
not against the laws of New York to steal a ne-
gro, and therefore he would not comply with the
demand. He made a similar refusal to Virginia.
Yet these are our confederates; these are our sis-
ter States! There is the bargain; there is the
compact. You have sworn to it. Both these
Governors swore to it. The Senator from New
York swore to it. The Governor of Ohio swore
to it when he was inaugurated. You cannot bind
them by oaths. Yet they talk to us of treason;
and I suppose they expect to whip freemen into
loving such brethren! They will have a good
time in doing it! It is natural we should want
this provision of the Constitution carried out.
The Constitution says slaves arc property; the
Supreme Court says so; the Constitution says so.
The theft of slaves is a crime; they are a subject-
matter of felonious asportation. By the text and
letter of the Constitution you agreed, to give them
up. You .have sworn to do it, and you have
broken your oaths. Of course, those who have
done so look out for pretexts. Nobody expected
them to do otherwise. I do not think I ever saw
a perjurer, however bald and naked, who could 1
not invent some pretexts to palliate his crime, or j
who could not, for fifteen shillings, hire an Old j
Bailey lawyer to invent some for him. Yet this j
requirement of the Constitution is another one of :
the extreme demands of an extremist and a rebel, j
The next stipulation is that fugitive slaves shall
be surrendered under the provisions of the fugitive
slave act of 1850, without being entitled either to
a writ of habeas corpus or trial by jury, or other
similar obstiuctions of legislation, in the State to
which he may flee. Here is the Constitution:
u No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in come- ;
quence of any law or regulation therein, bi; discharged
from such service or labor, but shall be delivered upon i
claim of the party to whom such service or labor may he !
due."' |
This language is plain, and everybody under- ;
stood it the same way for the first forty years of \
your Government. In 1793, in Washington's |
time, an act was passed to carry out this provis- i
ion. It was adopted unanimously in the Senate 1
of the United States, and neatly so in the House !
of Representatives. Nobody then had invented i
pretexts to show that the Constitution did not :
mean a negro slave. It was clear; it was plain.
Not only the Federal courts, but all the local ;
courts in all the States, decide that this was a con-
stitutional obligation. Howisitnow? The North
sought to evade it; following the instincts of their i
national character, they commenced with the !
fraudulent fiction that fugitives were entitled to '
habeas corpus, entitled to trial by jury in the State :
to which they fled. They pretended to believe !
that fugitive slaves were entitled to more rights j
than their white citizens; perhaps they were right, j
they know one another better than I do. You j
may charge a white man with treason, or felony, ■
or other crime, and you do not require any trial
by jury before he is given up; there is nothing to ;
determine but that he is legally charged with a :
cnme and that he fled, and then he is to be deliv- .
ered up upon demand. White people are deliv- !
ered up every day in this way; but not slaves.
Slaves, black people, you say, are entitled to trial
by jury; and in this way schemes have been in-
vented to defeat your plain constitutional obliga-
tions. In January, last year, I argued this ques-
tion, and presented at the close of my speech a
compilation made by a friend of mine, of the laws
of the non-slaveholding States on this point. The
honorable gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mer] commented upon the reference to his State,
and the greater portion of his speech was taken
up with a discussion of the particular act which
was quoted in my appendix. I have no doubt the
Senator did not know of the act of 1858, because
cert,. inly his argument would not have been made
if he did; he certainly was not informed as to the
act of 1858. I will read him one or two of the
sections of that act. 1 referred to and commented
on it then in my speech; but in the appendix con-
taining the compilation there was an accidental
misreference. That act provides—
"That every person who may have been held as a slave,
who shall conic or be brought oi be in this State, with or
without the consent of his or her alleged master " 
Mr. COLLAMER. What date is that?
Mr. TOOMBS. Eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight. It is entitled "An act to secure freedom
to all peisons in this State."
Mr. COLLAMER. Thai was not the one men-
tioned'in the Senator's speech.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have explained why it was
not in the appendix; but I had read it,and I sup-
posed the Senator had. The Senator made his
speech on this reference, because, I suppose, it
was more easily answered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I made the speech upon
the one to which reference was made.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was very adroitly done,
or very ignorantly done, I do not know which;
but I want to set that portion of our record right.
This was the act to which I referred, and upon
which I commented in the body of the speech,
though not in the appendix, which was prepared
by another person:
" Eveiy person who may have been held a1? a slave, who
shall come, or bo brought, or be in this State with the con-
sent of hi.< or her alleged master or niHtrei-s, or who shall
come or be brought, oi be in this State, shall be free
The Constitution of the United States says they
shall not be free; Vermont says they shall; and
yet all her legislators aie sworn to obey the Con-
stitution. Vermont says if slaves come, volun-
tarily or involuntarily, with or without consent;
if they flee from service, or come into Vermont
in any way, they shall be free. The Constitution
says they shall not be discharged from service if
they flee; Vermont says they shall be. That is
another one of our sisters, for whom it is said we
ought to have a deep attachment.
Again:
7. Every person who shall hold, or attempt to
hold, in this State, in slavery, or a« a slave, any free per-
son, in any form or for any time, however short*, tinder tho
pretense that such person is or has been a slave, shall, on
conviction thereof, be imprisoned in the State prison for a
term not less than five yeais nor more than twenty years,
and be fined not less than $1,0U0 rior more than $10,000."
This is decidedly fraternal! If a man passes
voluntarily through the State of Vermont with
his slave, that State, in her fraternal affection, will
keep him fifteen years in the State prison and fine
him $2,000. Fraternal,affectionate Vermont! I
have made these references for the benefit of the
Senator. Will he say that this was done only to
carry out the decision in Pnggrs. Pennsylvania?
I have heretofore shown that a plain constitu-
tional provision has been violated by specific acts
m thirteen of these States; but in the Pilgiim's
Progress they finally do it, I believe, withoutacts
of legislation. Mr. Lincoln and his party have
taken an easier position; and now such has been
the rapid descent jnto error as Virgil describes
that into hell, "smooth is the descent and easy
the way," that now they even refuse to admit
that legislative acts are necessary to enable them
to defeat the Constitution; they profess to defeat
it by circumvention; they think it better to be
cunning than strong. Personal liberty bills are
the bungling contrivances of a Jess advanced ac-
complishment in crime. 1 should not be sur-
prised if they should repeal all of them, for they
do not need them now. Lincoln says they are
unnecessary; that by the Constitution it is settled
that all men are created free and equal, and that
all men are entitled to an equal pat ticipation in
