1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
ing insurrection and allaying the troubles which
now threaten the ruin of the country. We do not
ask that number; but merely the application" of
existing laws to forces now enrolled. We have
asked in this bill only what, under the circum-
stances, should undoubtedly be granted. Do^you
not love the country as your fathers did ? Will
you not rally around its banner? Will you refuse
to strengthen the executive arm of the Union,
when the Union, is in danger ? Shall we refuse to
give the President the power that our fathers were
willing to grant to Presidents, under less trying
and perilous circumstances?
They passed the law of 1792', and afterwards
the law of 1795. The latter law still remains upon
the statute-book. It authorizes the President to
call forth the militia, at the discretion of the Pres-
ident. So far as numbers are concerned, it is un-
conditional, absolute. The troops are to be under
the command of the President of the United States.
If the President can shoot down a man under this
bill, just so he always could do under former laws
that have always been in force since 1792. The
same articles of war existed then that exist now.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,]
among other objections to this bill, alluded to the
power of the President to try by court-martial.
He spoke of the bill as though there was such a
provision in it. I was astonished that a gentle-
man, for whom I have so much respect, should
appeal so much to prejudice.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman mean to
say that I read it as a part of the bill when it was
not in the bill ?
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would scorn to do any such
thing. The fact is, and the gentleman knows it
very well, that when these volunteers are called
into the service, they will come under another
provision of the general law.
Mr. CURTIS. So the armies ofGeneral Wash-
ington, the armies of the Mexican war, the armies
of theUnited States, and every man who goes into
the service of the United States, all come under
those provisions. The gentleman from Virginia
made his argument so insiduously as to affect
the minds of gentlemen upon this floor, and make
them believe that this bill contained a new idea;
that all the men of the country would be enrolled
under this bill by the new President; that they
were to be sworn to support the Constitution of
the United States; and, more than that, if they
should use disrespectful language towards the
President, they were to be court-martialed and
shot.
I ask this House if this was a fair argument, to
this appeal to the prejudices of the people, in ref-
erence to the old common law, which has always
existed in the Army—a law which luis been in ex-
istence since its organization—in order to make
the country believe that some new invention was
to be incorporated in this bill, for subjugating the
people. Why, sir,all the soldiers of the United
States came under the provisions of the law to
which the gentleman from Virginia has referred.
We have rules and articles of war, which are bar-
barous in this character, but which are never ex-
ecuted. 'They yet exist upon the statute-book;
they were framed under Washington, and have
been perpetuated. But this bill contains no pro-
vision of that kind. It is exactly in respect to
these things as all other bills are, and those who
arc enrolled will be under the same law as those
who fought the battles of the Revolution, the war
of 181:2, and the war with Mexico. They all
came under these rules and articles of war, which
prescribed the extreme penalties which arc heic
paraded against this bill.
What then becomes of your charges against this
measure, that it creates a new power, that it is in-
tended for coercion and for civil war ? Is the charge
a fair one? Is there anything in these charges?
No, sir; the charge is rung here as a kind of alarm
be! 1 to increase the extraordinary terror that seems
to have possessed the country. It is done for the
purpose of terrifying and stifling reason, argu-
ment,and reflection, and substituting passion and
prejudice as the impulses of men.
Mr. SIMMS. I know that the gentleman from
Iowa is a frank and fair man; and, as such, I de-
sire to ask hun a plain question, which I hope he
will answer without equivocation or evasion.
You say this is not a bill of coercion. Now, I
"ask you, as a gentleman, as I believe you to be,
if you and the Republican party upon this floor,
when you propose ail these different measures—
first, to interfere with the commerce of the seced-
ing States by closing their ports of entry, by hang-
ing around their coasts with your men-of-war, and
occupying forts with your guns resting on their
homes and cities; next, withdrawing all postal fa-
cilities from those States—and now, by this bill,
proposing to give to the President of the United
States power to accept the service of a million of
armed soldiery, to be used by him for any pur-
pose that may subserve his caprice or prejudice;
when you shall have thus, by this policy, and
by these means, fenced them around and forced
them to resist your authority, or perish, under
your aggressive policy, by starvation, are you not
using the most rigid of all means of coercion?
And, above all, I wish to ask the gentleman
whether lie and his party, upon this floor, whose
intent and purpose against these seceding States
are so plain that the wayfaring man, though a
fool, cannot be deceived in reference to your de-
signs, can here, in this House, in broad daylight,
and before the world, be guilty of the moral cow-
ardice of skulking the logical effect of that policy
and that intent which has thus far marked your
every vote in this House? Sir, a brave man may
sometimes err, but he never seeks to shun the re-
sults of his own conduct, or the responsibilities
that attach to his acts. If you mean war, have
the manliness to avow it If you mean peace,
you cannot expect to convince the world thatsuch
is your purpose by calling around the Executive
of the nation a million of armed men to be sup-
ported out of the public Treasury, and to obey
his behest. This, sir, is a war measure, not only
mad and desperate in its designs, but a measure
in direct violation of the Constitution. I shall
expect a frank answer from the gentleman. I shall
expect him to meet boldly and manly the logical
consequences of the policy which he and his party
are seeking, by this bill and others now pending
in this House, to inaugurate.
Mr. CURTIS. All this declamation against
my party is gratutious, and has no place in the
gentleman's interrogation but to lead me from my
argument. In one sense, I abhor tl)e idea of co-
ercion. I do not wish to see our armies marched
into the southern or northern States, and our coun-
trymen subdued by the forcc of arms. The gen-
tleman knows I have no concealments, and he has
no right to impute sinister motives on this side of
the House. This Government is never going to
subjugate and degrade mankind anywhere; but
it is going to secure to all who come Within its in-
fluence the equal rights we enjoy. The object of
this bill is to send our eagles to protect our citi-
zens, and shield them against revolution, against
war, and against all the ills of anarchy, civil war,
and oppression. It is designed as a defense for
all those who seek shelter under our flag; all who
desire peace and protection under the Constitution
and the laws. This bill is not intended to coerce
sovereign States, as such; but it is intended to
secure the execution of the laws, to maintain our
common Government, to protect and shelter all
citizens of all sections, wherever they are, and
wherever they claim protection under the stars and
stripes. That is fhe object ofali Governments. If
you have not a Government that can protect all
its members and all its citizcns, it is no Govern-
mentatall,and I wantnothingtodo with it. I have
no respect for a Government of mere volition: I
want a Government not for coercion, but to prevent
coercion and defend itself against all kinds of op-
pression. I confess, I am afraid our Government
is too weak. We have had a greatdeal of liberty,
and I fear our people now expect unrestrained li-
cense. We have engaged in angry discussionsand
heated debates, and our people have not recovered
from the animosities incited during the recent po-
litical struggle. The whole world, and our own
people in particular, know that, for the last three
or four months,all the functions ofthisGoverment
have been almost or entirely paralyzed. It has
been a kind ofinterregnumin the executive power,
when revolution could most successfully carry out
its purposes. Presidents and parties are to change,
and every spccics of discord has encompassed
our national crisis, and endangered our sacred
Union.
In 1793 there was an insurrection and rebellion
in the western part of Pennsylvania. What did
you do then? General Washington was Presi-
dent. You had then upon your statute-books a
law to which I have alluded, similar to the one
we propose now—the law of 1792; and when the
President found it necessary to quell that insur-
rection, he issued proclamation, arguments, en-
treaties, and expostulations; and when he found
that those would not succeed, he availed himself
of the law, and raised an army of fifteen thousand
men to enforce obedience to our Government.
Where were the troops brought from, and where
did they go ? He called upon Virginia to main-
tain ana defend the standard of the Government.
Yes, as he said, for the purpose of " coercion !"
Yes, sir, General Washington said, in his mes-
sage to Congress, for coercion, and Virginia re-
sponded to his call. The State of Maryland, too,
was one of the first to rally under the banner he
unfurled against insurrection and civil war in
western Pennsylvania.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he considers the seceding States as in
insurrection ?
Mr. CURTIS. Every open hostile act com-
mitted against the laws of the United States is,
of course, an act of rebellion against the laws, and
so far insurrection. I am not talking about States,
but about individuals who are in rebellion against
the laws, wherever they may be, few or many.
Mr. HUGHES. Do you consider the seced-
ing States in a state of insurrection ?
Mr. CURTIS. I regard every man who is in
arms against the Government as an enemy of my
country. I care not whether he comes from a
seceding State or from any other part of the coun-
tty. Every man who raises his hand against the
Government of the United States is in rebellion
against the Government; and there is not a man
in South Carolina or Georgia who carries a gun,
who does not now regard himself as at war with
this Government. He may call it war; I call it
insurrection and war; and be they many or few,
counties or States, all who are m arms against
us and in a state of insurrection 
Mr. HUGHES. This law then, of coursc,
applies to the scceding States?
Mr. CURTIS. It applies to all who are in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States. I was saying that Washington sent ar-
mies from Virginia, New Jersey, and Maryland,
to Pennsylvania, for the purpose of restoring
peace, and not for purposes of war. If it was
right then, is it not right now? But I do not ask
that you shall move armies. I trust in God that
we never shall be compelled to move armies south-
ward; though, as I said the other day, armies are
there arrayed against us. Look at Port Sumter
besieged, Fort Moultrie and Castle Pinckney now
in the hands of the insurgents, and Fort Pickens
also invested. Look at New Orleans. Look on
the banks of the Mississippi river, where guns
have been stationed, and our steamboats fired
upon, they say, with blank cartridges and some-
times with shot across their bows.
Mr. BURNETT. I know the gentleman does
not wish to mislead any one. He refers to the
conduct of General Washington in 1793. I de-
sire to ask him whether Washington interfered
with the insurrection to which the gentleman has
referred, before the request, or without the request,
of the executive of the State ? And I desire to
ask this additional question: whether the military
is not subject to, and subordinate to, the civil
authority ?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly the military power
is subordinate to the civil power always; and it
is right the military power should be subordi-
nate to the civil authorities. Washington said,
in his message, that he called out the militia of
the United States because the associate judge of
the district certified that the law could not be ex-
ecuted by the judiciary. It was upon the very
same occasion that now exists and the authority
that we now invoke, and we therefore apprehend
occasion to call out the militia. It was for that
reason Washington called out the militia for the
purpose of subduing the four counties of Penn-
sylvania; and afterwards Congress authorized
him to station troops there tor the purpose of
preventing further combinations.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if Washington called out the militia any-
where except m the neighborhood of the insur-
rection ?
Mr. CURTIS. He called them, as I stated
