1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
before, from Virginia and Maryland and New
Jersey. Ho marched them over the mountains,
and suppressed the insurrection which existed
there, and vindicated the Government against the
charge that it had not the power of self-preser-
vation.
Now, sir, I supposed that matter was eternally
settled. We had, by the Revolution,asserted our
independence; by the warof 1812 we showed that
we were able to vindicate our nationality among
the nations of the earth; and by this act of Wash-
ington in 1793, against insurrection, we showed
that we were capable of putting down insurrec-
tion and civil war. Do as your fathers did. Rally
around the standard of your country. When you
see that your country is in danger, if you love
peace and do not want anarchy, rally round your
country's standard as your fathers did before you.
That is the only salvation for this country. Our
institutions, our social systems, our domestic
peace and social happiness, all depend on the
integrity and safety of our common country. I
tell you, sir, that I am for peace, but there can be
no such thing as peace in this country unless the
people show more loyalty. The safety of our
social systems does depend upon the principle of
self-government here incorporated as our basis of
government, and loyalty, fidelity, and devotion to
the system must be inculcated and maintained. It
is a part of our national contract that every man
is bound to support his own Government, and the
Government is bound to support every man and
every member, whether you call it a State, a dis-
trict, or a county. Every member of tire Govern-
ment is bound to the whole, and the whole to it.
That is the contract upon which it exists, and
each party is bound by every principle of justice
and honor to maintain the constitutional Union,
because there is no other way in which our rights
can be maintained. How can I in Iowa feel that
I am safe if the different sections of the country
are going to withdraw and discard the nationality
of which I and my district are constituent ele-
ments? There are two units recognized in our
Government—the unit of the people and the unit
of the States; and these elements are bound to
support and sustain each other. This Union is
so interwoven and cemented, is supported by such
natural relations and affinities, that it cannot be
separated without terrible disaster to all sections
of the Union. When you talk about States se-
ceding, you talk about an impossibility. They
may revolutionize, I admit. But the idea conveys
the usual consequence—a violent and sanguinary
struggle. You cannot separate this Goverment,
now in its full life and vigor, without absolute
war and bloodshed. Itis impossible in the nature
of things. You might as well expect to take my
arm from my body without convulsion and blood,
as to expect to dismember this vigorous Govern-
ment without convulsion and blood. This is a
painful reality, study it as you may. Secession
includes, sooner or later, the horrors of civil war.
■ It is not that I desire it, or that the Republican
party desires it, but it is our constitutional condi-
tion. We have no right to recognize secession;
no right to recognize revolution; no constitutional
power to recognize disintegration; but every sec-
tion of our charter implies perpetual integrity .
Mr. BURNETT. I know the gentleman from
Iowa generally speaks what he thinks, and does
it with"frankness. I desire, therefore, to ask lum
a question, which I hope he will answer Is it
your purpose, under this bill, ill the event it
passes, to reinforce the forts now within the se-
ceded States which are held by the Federal Gov-
ernment, and to recapture tile forts which have
been taken by those States unless they are surren-
dered > The gentleman will pardon me for putting
this question to him. We want to know what your
objects are. You deal in generalities, but you will
not come to the point. You talk about enforcing
the laws and executing the laws. Now, as a frank
man, I desire you to tell us whether that is your
purpose and that of the Republican party, or not.
Mr. CURTJS. My purpose is to support the
Constitution of the United States as it is until
some power shall be vested in me to do otherwise.
I am sworn to support it, and God knows I have
no desire to avoid that obligation.
Now, I do not recognize the idea that it is ne-
cessary for us to go and take forts that it may be
inexpedient or impossible to take. It may not be
necessary to reinforce those forts, and thus aggra-
vate the present evils by exasperating the excited
country without necessity or propriety. Just
now, I believe our forts are safe enough, and it
is not necessary now to determine future difficul-
ties, since we have so many present difficulties to
contend with. I recognize rebellion, insurrection,
and civil war, as an existing fact; and as a man
looking to its final conclusion, I would take all
honorable means to avoid a conflict of arms. I
do not believe that it is going to be necessary or
expedient to march an army against the revolting
States. It certainly will not be necessary, unless
those who are now in arms against us shall carry
their acts of war still further than they have done.
If they do not, I trust we shall have no war; and
the President will therefore only have to act on
the defensive.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question, though I am compelled to
take what he has said as an answer. It is an
evasion, with all due deference to him. I desire
to ask him another question. You say that you
are for executing and enforcing the laws. Now,
do you hold that, in order to execute the laws,it
is necessary to reinforce the forts now in the
possession of the Federal Government, and to re-
capture the property of the Federal Government
now in the possession of the seceded States?
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am not going
to say in an open Hall, in a public assembly, what
will be the duty of my country in the event of
further development of aggressive war against us.
I will not speak of measures that ought to be
spoken of only in a secret session, if a purpose
of that kind were entertained.
A Voice. Murder.
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir; murder comes from
the other side. The murderous acts are commit-
ted against this Government. The murderers
have been skulking behind executive robes, in the
executive chamber, and in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States; and they strike at their own mother
country, and vaunt their parricidal achievements.
And when our mother countiy comes with tears
m her eyes, and, with supplicating hands and a
lacerated bosom, raises her voice or her hand to
avert tiiese disasters, and shield herselffrom fur-
ther afflictions, you clamor about war. Do you
call that war? No; your country is kind, affec-
tionate, and forbearing; she supports you in dan-
ger, and desires, even m herafflietion, to continue
her maternal affection. She still protects you;
and it is her banner, her eagles, and her Army,
that have supported us thus far, and protected us
against invasion and insurrection and anarchy. It
was the power of this Government that quelled
insurrection m the days of Washington. It was
that power that prevented civil war in 18.32, under
Jackson. Exercise all the functions of the Gov-
ernment with wisdom, with prudence, with cau-
tion. Show your generosity and benevolence; but
show your firmness and your power too. Exer-
cise the functions of a nation, or give up, and say
you are not a Government; that you are a mere
league, to exist only so long as it. is convenient;
and which may he separated at the volition of any
one of its members whenever adversity or distress
may threaten a member of your Confederacy.
How can we, the inhabitants of the interior,
admit the idea of separation? We cannot doit
if we would, and, in my judgment, we should not
if we could. Take a single instance. Has Florida
a right to secede? For what was she acquired?
She was acquired for the common good of the coun-
try ; for the benefit of all portions of the Republic;
not merely for those who subsequently became
settlersthere. She was first conquered by General
Jackson, and was afterwards bought, for the pur-
pose of maintaining the power and peace of a great
nation. Our fathers created a model Government,
and then, like wise philosophers, they sought to
perfect it. One of their first acts was to acquire
the mouths of the Mississippi river. Was this
acquired for the advantage of the people who lived
there? Not at all. They were opposed to the
conveyances that transferred them from Spain to
France, and fiom France to the United States,
without even consulting them. It was bought
for the accommodation of the whole valley of the
Mississippi, and with the intention of carrying
the commerce of that valley free to the ocean. It
was bought for the common good of the whole
nation. What right had the people of .Louisiana,
after we bought it from the Government which
held it, to secede from this Union? They did not
claim to have such a right when the purchase was
made. They acknowledged the transfer, and be-
came citizens of the United States. As a Repre-
sentative from the State of Iowa, I claim that my
State is a part of that purchase; and I claim that
we hold our title and position in this Union with
the understanding that the whole country is one
nation, and that we shall have all our rights sus-
tained by the Government, as stipulated in the
treaty with France. Our "laws,liberty,and re-
ligion" are guarantied by you; and our security
depends on the continuance of the whole Union.
We cannot surrender Florida; because it is a
salient point; a kind of bastion on the coast, a
position necessary for the protection of the mouth
of the Mississippi. We cannot give up the keys;
because they command the Gulf of Mexico, and
thereby control the commerce of the interior sea
which is the mouth of our great river. The peo-
ple living in the valley of the Mississippi claim
that protection for their commerce. Your money
and mine was contributed to purchase Florida.
Why, then, should it^be yielded? Why should
we yield, without a struggle, any portion of our
country, or any other salient point on our border?
We cannot do so, and have no right to do so. If
it was our duty to buy it, is it not our duty to
hold it?
Mr. SIMMS. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot yield now.
Mr. SIMMS. I know I cannot get the floor
myself; and I should like that we fully under-
stood each other. I am a Representative from the
State of Kentucky, the most conservative State
in the Union; a State that is alway manly, open,
and frank in all her purposes.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,}
when he introduced his force bill, stated in his
speech that, in the event it became necessary to
use the Federal Army to put down insurrection or
rebellion m the southern States, then, and in that
event, the President or the General-in-chief of the
Army had complete power &ver the question of
slavery in the States, and, by virtue of that power,
could at any time decree the abolition of slavery
in all the southern States.
Now, I ask the gentleman this question: if the
Government of the"United States engages in war
with these seceding States at this time, is it the
opinion or purpose of members on that side of
the House, that the President of the United States,
or the commanding officer of the Federal forces,
shall, during the existence of that war, decree the
the emancipation of all the slaves of the South ?
Mr. CURTIS. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 protest
against such an inquiry at this point of my argu-
ment. There is neither relevancy nor pertinence
111 the question.
Mr. SIMMS. That power has been avowed
by Mr. John Q.uincy Adams, and on this floor
by Mr. Bingham and other members. No Re-
publican has repudiated the doctrine. Your anx-
iety to inaugurate civil war at this time may have
in it a double purpose. While ostensibly you
merely talk of enforcing the laws, will you not
avail yourself of the war you have'thus inaugu-
rated to accomplish that first and highest purpose
of your party organization, the overthrow of sla-
very throughout the southern States? We have
the right to know your purposes upon this subject.
Mr. CURTIS. Why does the gentleman take
me entirely out of the lino of my argument? What
has that to do with the question I am discussing?
If those seceding States are to be considered as a
separate and independent confederacy, as you
contend, and are to have a war with us, I suppose
that we will have all the rights of war; and that,
I suppose, Mr. Bingham did, or would say. liut
I deny that those States are out of the Union. I
consider them still as part of the common Confed-
eracy, no matter whatmay be their hatied or mal-
ice toward us. No people have a right to make
war for the mere gratification of hatred or malice
The only legitimate object of war, whether against
their own Government, or against rebels, or
against a foreign Government, is to secure peace.
I "know gentlemen may laugh at this as a sole-
cism; but still I repeat, that the only legitimate
ground of war is to secure or maintain peace. I
would never counsel the making of war on the
southern States, in or out of the Union, unless the
honor and integrity and existence of the Govern-
