18(51.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
blighted ruins of their fair land. We will tell you
when we choose to abolish this thing; it must be
done under our direction and according to our
will; our own, our native land shall determine
this question, and not the Abolitionists of the
North. That is the spirit of our freemen; beware
of them.
It was in this spirit of intermeddling and mis-
chief that sixty-eight members of your party in
the other House, and at least one member of the
Senate, signed a recommendation to circulate as
a campaign document an infamous publication
to excite these very non-slaveholders of the South
to insurrection against their fellow-citizens. I
allude to the Helper book. This Republican
party sometimes say "We are not an abolition
party." Take away their Abolitionists, and they
ate nobody. They would be beaten even in
New England. All Abolitionists are Republicans,
whether all Republicans are Abolitionists or not.
We understand that. There may be perhaps an
exception to abolition unanimity, and that is in
regard to one class, an honest class—composed
of the New England or Boston anti-slavery so-
ciety, headed by Garrison. Garrison looks at it
squarely and honestly. He says to these very
Abolitionists of the other sort, the political Aboli-
tionists, 4 4 Your Government is a pro-slavery Gov-
ernment; you take oaths and you violate them;
we will not take these oaths, because we will not
break them." That is the difference between you
and them. One of the most able, and eloquent,
and well written exposes of the position of the
Garrison Abolitionists that I have seen anywhere
is to be found in a late annual report of the
Massachusetts anti-slavery society; and they say
that "the Constitution isa pro-slavery instrument,
which does recognize slavery, and you peijurc
yourselves when you take oaths to support it, and
break them. We cannot vote, wc cannot take
office, because wc will not take oaths to break
them; wo cannot vote for you, because we will
not vote for men who will take oaths and break
them." That is an authoiitativeexposition from
this class of Abolitionists. So it seems that the
Abolitionists with whom wc have to deal are so
base that the honest Abolitionists themselves will
not trust them.
I have already adverted to the proposition in
regard to giving up criminals who are chargcd
with stealing negroes, and I have referred to the
cases of Maine, New York, and Ohio. I come
now to the last specification—the requirement that
laws should be passed punishing all who aid and
abet insurrection. These are offenses recognized
by the laws of nations as inimical to all society;
and 1 will read the opinions of an eminent pub-
licist when I get to that point. I said that you
had aided and abettedinsurrection. John Brown
certainly invaded Virginia. John Brown's sym-
pathizers, I presume, are not Democrats. Two
of the accomplices of John Brown fled—one to
Ohio, one to Iowa. The Governors of both States
refused to give up the fugitives from justice. The
party maintained them. I amaware that,in both
cases, pretexts were gotten up, to cover the shame
of the transaction. I am going to show you that
their pretexts were hollow, unsubstantial, not
against constitutional law, but against the law of
nations. I will show you that it was their duty
to seize them under the law of nations, and bring
them to their confederate States, or even to a
fiicndly State. The first authority I will read is
Yattel on the law of nations. If there had been
any well-founded ground, if the papers had been
defective, if the case had been defectively stated,
what was the general duty of a friendly State
without any constitutional obligation? This gen-
eral principle is, thatone State is bound to restrain
its citizens from doing anything tending to create
disturbance in another State, to foment disorder,
to corrupt its citizens, or to alienate its allies.
Vattel says, page 162:
" Arid since the latter [the sovereign] ought not to suffer
hi> subjects to molot the subjects of other States, or to do
thrm an injurv, much less to give open, audacious offense
to fbiei'Ti Powei^, he ought to compel the transjriessor to
make reparation for the damage or injury, if possible, oi to
inflict on him an exomplaiy punishment; or, finally, ac-
cording to the nature and cucumstances of the case, to de-
liver him up to the offended iState, to be there brought to
justice. Thib is pretty generally observed with lespact to
great crime--, which are equally contiarv to the laws and
safety of all nations. Assassins, mcendiaues, and robbers,
are seized everywhere, at the det>ire ot the sovereign m
whose territories the crime was committed, and are deliv-
ered up to his justice. The matter b carried still further
in States that are more closely connected by triendship
and good neighborhood. Even m cases of ordinary trans-
gression«, winch are only subjects of civil prosecution,
either with a view to the recovery of damages, or the, in-
fliction of a slight civil punishment, the subjects of two
neighboring States are reciprocally obliged to appear before
the magistrate of the place where they are accused of hav-
ing failed in their duty. Upon a requisition of that magis-
trate, called letters rogatory, they are summoned in due
form by their own magistrates, and obliged to appear. An
admirable institution, by means* of which many neighbor-
ing States live together iu peace, and seem to form only
one republic! This it? in tore.e through all Switzerland.
As soon as the letters rogatory aie issued in form, the su-
perior of the accused is bound to enforce them. £t belongs
not to him to examine whether the accusation be true or
false ; he iato presume on the justice of his neighbors,and
not to suffer any doubts on his own part to impair an insti-
tution so well calculated to preserve harmony and good
understanding between the States."
That is the law of nations, as declared by one
of its ablest expounders; but, besides, we have
this principle embodied in the Constitution; we
have there the obligation to deliver up fugitives
from justice: and, though it is in the Constitution,
though it is sanctioned,as I said, by all ages and
all centuries, by the wise and the good, every-
where, our confederate States arc seeking false
pretexts to evade a plain social duty, in which
are involved the pcace and security of all civil so-
ciety. If wc had no Constitution, this obligation
would devolve upon Aiendly States. If there
were no Constitution, we ought to demand it.
But instead of giving us this protection, wc are
met with reproaches, reviling, tricks, and treach-
ery, to conceal and protcct incendiarics and mur-
derers.
This man Brown and his accomplices had sym-
pathizers. Who were they? One of them, as I
nave before said, who was,according to his pub-
lic speeches, a defender and a laudator of John
Brown—is Governor of Massachusetts. Othci
officials of that State applauded Brown's heroism,
magnified his courage, and, no doubt, lamented
his ill success. Throughout the whole North,
public meetings, immense gatherings, triumphal
processions; the honors of the hero and the con-
queror, were awarded to this incendiary and as-
sassin. They did not condemn the traitor; think
you they abhorred the treason ?
Yet, I repeat, when a distinguished Senator
from a non-slaveholding State [Mr. Douulas]
proposed to punish such attempts at invasion and
insurrection, Lincoln and his party come before
the world and say, si Here is a sedition law.'" To
carry out the Constitution, to protect States from
invasion and suppress insurrection, to comply
with the laws of the United States, is a " sedition
law," and the chief of this party treats it with
contempt; yet, under the very same clause of the
Constitution which warranted this important bill,
you derive your power to punish offenses against
the laws of nations. Under this warrant you have
tried and punished our citizens for meditating the
invasion of foreign States. You have stopped
illegal expeditions. You have denounced our
citizens as pirates, and commendcd them to the
bloody vengeance of a merciless enemy.
Under this principle alone you protect our
weaker neighbors of Cuba, Honduras, and Nic-
aragua. By this alone are we empowered and
bound to prevent our people from conspiring to-
gether, giving aid, giving money, or arms, to fit
out expeditions against any foreign nation. For-
eign nations get the benefit of this protection; but
we are worse off in the Union than if we were out
of it. Out of it, we should have the protection of
the neutrality laws. Now you can come among
us; raids may be made; you may put the incen-
diary's torch to our dwellings, as you did last
summer for hundreds of miles on the frontiers of
Texas; you may do what John Brown did, and
when the miscreants escape to your States, you
will not punish them; you will not deliver them
up Therefore we stand defenseless. Wc must
cut loose from the accursed " body of this death,"
even to get the benefit of the law of nations. Hence
we are armed, and hence we will stay so, until
our rights are rcspected, and justice is done. We
must take up arms to get the rights that the laws
of nations give us.
Mr. Lincoln's speech, to which I referred as
some indication of the jeers and the gibes of this
conservative gentleman," charges us with a
multitude of imaginary offenses:
(i This b a natural and apparently adequate means; but
i what will convince them?"—
That he does not intend to hurt us.
" This, and this only: Cease to call-sfavehoMnjg wrong,
and joui them in calling it right ^and this must be done
thoiougnly; done in acts as well as words. Silence-will
not be tolerated. We must place ourselves avowedly with,
them. Douglas's new sedition law must be enacted and
enforced."
I say so too. I say I will not stay in the Union
that gives me less rights than it gives to a foreign
nation. I will meet you on this issue. I will
have these rights in the Union, or I will not stay
in it. ^
"Douglas's new sedition laws must be enacted and
enforced>'—
It must be before I will make peace.
—"suppressing all declarations of hostility to slavery,
whether made in politics, in presses, in pulpits, or in pri
vate."
That is a very adroit way to state the case.
We have neversought to interfere with youivdis-
cussion of any questions in your own country.
The standing laws of my own State only punish
the words and acts that are intended to incite in-
surrection among any class of people. But you
write, and speak, and form societies, and claim the
right to become a nest of incendiaries, in order to
assail your neighbors; and you say you have the
right to do it under the liberty of speech guaran-
tied by the Constitution. I will not interfere with
your rights, but you must so use them as not to
injure us.
You will not regard confederate obligations;
you will not regard constitutional obligations;
you will not regard your oaths. What, then, am
I to do? Am I a freeman ? Is my State, a free
State, to lie down and submit because political
fossils raise the cry of the glorious Union ? Too
long already have we listened to this delusive
song. Wc are freemen. We have rights; I have
stated them. We have wrongs; I have recounted
them. I have demonstrated that the party now
coming into power has declared us outlaws, and
is determined to exclude four thousand million
of our property from the common Territories;
that it has declared us under the ban of the Em-
pire, and out of the protection of the laws of
the United States everywhere. They have re-
fused to protcct us from invasion and insurrection
by the Federal Power, and the Constitution de-
nies to us in the Union the right either to raise
fleets or armies for our own defense. All these
charges I have proven by the record; and I put
them before the civilized world, and demand the
judgment of to-day, of to-morrow, of distant
ages, and of Heaven itself, upon the justice of
these causes. I am content, whatever it be, to
peril all in so noble, so holy a cause. We have
appealed, time and time again, for these constitu-
tional rights. You have refused them. Weappeal
again. Restore us these rights as we had them,
as your court adjudges them to be, just as all our
people have said they are; redress these flagrant
wrongs, seen of all men, and it will restore fra-
ternity, and peace, and unity, to all of us- Re-
fuse them, and what then? We shall then ask
you, " Ictus depart in peace." Refuse that,and
you present us war. We accept it; and inscribing
upon our banners the glorious words, "liberty una
equality," we will trust to the blood of the brave
and the God of battles for security and tranquil-
lity.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. GRIMES and others called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is too
much disturbance on the floor of the Senate, and
it will be impossible to hear the answers of Sena-
tors unless order is restored.
Mr. KING (when Mr. Seward's name was
called) said: My colleague is paired with the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] who voted in-
advertently and will correct it.
Mr. GWIN. I paired off with the Senator
from New York; and T wish my name withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be done
by common consent.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bright,Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, DooHttl«, Douglas,
Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Ilanau,
Jolmson of Tennessee, King, Latham, Saulsbury, Sim-
