1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
merit seemed absolutely to require it. Gentlemen
cannot drive us into a position which is contrary
to national law and social relations. We will not
be provoked to do wrong, whatever may be out*
extremities.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the character of
this bill? 1 will not go further into generalities.
The bill merely changes the former law, so as to
admit a different character of troops. You have
already got on the statute-book a law which, in
my judgment, gives the President full power to
call out all the troops he sees proper. In the old
law, the word insurrection is not used in that
clause relating to the execution of the laws of the
United States; but it provides for all cases where
the execution of the laws is obstructed, and there-
fore includes " insurrection," which is one mode
of obstructing the execution of the laws. This
bill merely amends and retains the words, pre-
cisely as they were, under which General Wash-
ington acted in 1793.
Mr.PH ELPS. Then why ask to pass this bill?
Mr. CURTIS. Because it regards a certain
kind of troops now in existence, and avoids the
necessity and delay of getting up the militia, who
are entirely disorganized. That is the main object.
Mr. BRANCH, With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, I desire to say a word, t am
sure he docs not desire to have an error of fact
recorded in his speech. He is mistaken in regard
to the act of 1794. That act, according to my
recollection of it—and I think the gentleman will
find it so, if he reads it—did not gjve the Presi-
dent power to call out one solitary man. The act
required the States to organize, arm, and equip
eighty-thousand men, and to hold them in readi-
ness for service; but it did not confer on the Pres-
ident the power to call one of them into service.
Mr. CURTIS. I know that the act of 1794 did
what the gentleman says. But what did the law
of 179.2 do > it gave the President, power to call
out the troops as he might judge necessary to
suppress insurrection. Then again, sir, the law
of 1793 gave him power to call forth the militia
of " such State," and if they refused or were in-
sufficient he might call on the other States "most
convenient," and they were to he enrolled till
th irty days after the expiration of the next session
of Congress. The law of 1795 is still in existence.
There is no limitation to its authonty, but there
is tins limitation in regaid to the term of service:
the troops cannot he held in service longer than
thirty days after the next session of Congress.
The law now before the [louse speaks distinctly
of volunteers who would in all \ espects come un-
der the provision of the old law.
Mr. BRANCH. The act of 1794 did not au-
thorize the President to call into service any
troops. It required the Governors of States to
organize them, including militia and volunteers.
The act of 1795, which is the act now in force,
does not authorise the Piesident to accept the ser-
vice of volunteers. The gentleman from Iowa
will search in vain in all the legislative history
of the country for any authority given to the Pres-
ident or to anybody else to accept volunteers to
enforce the laws. The laws are to he enforced
by the militia,
Mr. CURTIS. Let me understand the gentle-
man 
Mr. BURNETT. I claim the floor. The gen-
tleman's tune has expired.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. BURNETT. J have no disposition to cut
ofi" the gentleman from lowafrom replying to the
gentleman from North Carolina, if he take but a
few minute?*; and with the consentofthe House,
I will yield to him.
Mr. CURTIS. I did not intend to be under-
stood as alluding to the act of 1794, as author-
izing the President to call out troops; but I do say
thai the law of 1795 does, and I say that old law
does not provide for volunteers as they now exist
in the States; but this bill was framed so as to
inciud' them. It is intended to efTectan economy
of tune and an economy of organization. This
is all we propose by the amendments proposed m
the bill so bitterly denounced on this floor.
Mr. BURNETT next addressed the House.
[His smirks v. ill he published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE obtained the floor.
Mi. SICKLES. With the permission of my
colleague, I desire to oiler an amendment to the
bill. It is very short; and I ask that it be read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I yield for that
purpose.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That none of the troops to be raised under this
act shall be employed, except to aid in the t'xecution of
judicial process, issued in conformity with the Constitution
and laws; nor shall any of said troops be sent into any
State, unless upon the request of the Legislature thereof,
or of the Executive, when the Legislature shall not be in
session, in conformity with section four of article four of
the Constitution.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have noobjection.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to an amendment of the House to a bill of
the Senate providing for a temporary government
for the Territory of Colorado; also, that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the House for the relief
of Catharine A. Russeli, with an amendment, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House; also, that the Senate disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill of the Senate
providing for the payment of the expenses in-
curred by the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton in suppressing Indian hostilities, and asked
for a committee of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Mr. STOUT I ask unanimous consent to
the request of the Senate; and that the Speaker
appoint a committee of conference.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER appointed, as such committee,
Mr. Stanton, Mr. Buffinton, and Mr. Stout.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. CORWIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to present the report of the committee of
conference on the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill. It is necessary that the report should
be adopted immediately, in order that the bill
may go back to the Senate.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of confetence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to Hie bill No. 864,
making appropi unions foi the consular and diplomatic ex-
panses oi the (Jovei anient tor the year ending Mth of June,
I8t>2, h:ive met, and alter lull and free conteience, have
agieed to recommend to their lespective Houses as follows:
That the House iccede tiom their disasiceiuent to the
fiiot, second, and Mvth amendments of the Senate, and
eonetir in satd amendments.
That the House lecede from its amendment to the sev-
enth amendment of the Senate, and concur m said seventh
amendment
That the House rccede from their disagreement to the
Senate's thud amendment, and agree to the same, with the
following amendment: Instead of induing " Simoda,"
after u at" in the fifteenth line of the 4th page, insert,
u Kanagawa, Nagasaki, in Japan."
That the Ilou&e iccede fioin their disagreement to the
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to it with the
following amendment: After the word "seventy,'' line
eighteen, on page 4, instead of inserting "one," insert
" lour."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifth amendment, and agree to (he same, with an
amendment as follows: Strikeout of taul amendment all
alter the word " abolished," and m hou thereof himmi and
the salaries of the consuls at Ivanagawa and Nagasaki, in
Japan, shall be $3,000 each.-7
Signed by Messrs. Corwin, Morris of Penn-
sylvania, and Mili.son, on the part of the House,
and by Messrs. Flssenden, Nicholson, and
Clingman, on the part of the Senate.
Mr. CORWIN. I move the adoption of the
report of the committee of conference.
The motion was ngreed to.
Mr. CORWIN. 1 hope the gentleman from
New York will pardon me for making another
motion, while t have the floor. That motion is,
to postpone the subject now under consideration
till to-morrow, at two o'clock. [Several voices.
" Thursday."] I have no objection to say Thurs-
day. Let it be that day.
Mr. STANTON. 1 suppose it is understood,
that if this case goes over till Thursday, there is
an end to it. Postponement is fatal to it. It will
be impossible after that to have it passed in the
Senate. I must therefore call for the yeas and
nays, and I ask the House to understand that
this motion goes to the merits of the bill.
Air. SICKLES. I suggest that we go on and
debate it to-day, and then let the motion to post-
pone be put.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio state his motion ?
Mr. CORWIN. That the matter now before
the House be postponed till Thursday, at one
o'clock.
On that I call for the yeas
Mr. STANTON.
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C. Anderson, Avery, Barr, Barret, Bo-
cock, Boteler, Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bristow,
Brown, Burch, Burnett, Campbell, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, John Cochrane, Corwin, Cox, James Craig, Bur-
ton Ciaige, H. Winter Davis, John C. Davis, De Jarnette,
Edinundson, Ethendge, Florence, Fouke, Gainett, Gilmer,
Hale, Hail, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Holman, William Howard, Hughes, Jenkins, Jun-
km,William Kellogg, Kilgore, Kunkel, Lairabee, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay, Malloiy, Chailes D. Martin,
Elbert S. Martin, JVIavnard, McClernand, MeKenty, IVIc-
Knight, McPherson, Million, Mill ward, Montgomery, La-
ban T.Moore,Moorhcad, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Mor-
ris Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Quarles. John H. Reynolds, Riggs, James C. Robinson,
Rutim, Scranton, Sickles, Simms, William N. H. Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stout, Stratton, Thayer, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance,
Verree, Webster, Win&low, Wood, Woodson, and Wright
—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Alley, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Rrayton, Buffinton,
Burlingame, Burnham, Butterfield, Carey, Carter, Case,
Cobuin, Colfax, Conkhng, Curtis, Delano, DuHl, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsvvorth, Fcnton, Feny, Gooeh,
Grow,Gurley, Haskin, Hickman, Hoaid, William A. How-
ard, Ilutchins, Francis W. Kellogg, ICenyon, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mar.stoii, Mor-
rill, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R.
Reynolds,Christopher Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick, Spaul-
dmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Tappan, Theaker, Tomp-
kins Train, Tj imble, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Wm-
doin, and Woodruff—74.
So the bill to raise volunteers was postponed
till Thursday at one o'clock.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORSE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Perry, was engaged in the peace congress.
Mr. WOODRUFF made a similar statement on
behalf of his colleague, Mr. Somes.
Mr. TRAIN stated that his colleague, Mr. Rjce,
was still detained from the House by illness.
Mr. BOULIGNY (when his name was called)
said: With all due respect to the gentleman who
introduced this bill,! must say—and itismy duty
to say—that it is the most infamous and outrage-
ous bill that has ever been presented to Congress;
and I say, shame on the head of the man who did
it. I vote ts ay."
Mr. PETT1T (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. PETTIT stated that he would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. ENGLISH (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. ENGLISH stated he would have voted in
the affirmative.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE (not being
within the bar when his name was called) asked
leave to vote.
Mr. HICKMAN objected.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GROW. I now call up the special order
for to-day.
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. CORWIN. The special order for to-day,
after two o'clock, is the matter adverted to just
now by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bur-
nett,] the report of the special committee of
thirty-three.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order in re-
gard to the business that comes up now. Last
week, this day was set apart, by unanimous con-
sent of the House, for the consideiation of ter-
ritorial business—as we have had no day this ses-
sion for that business, it having been postponed
from time to time. Now, I take it that that ter-
ritorial business should come up after the bill of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] was dis-
posed of; which bill had precedence of it this morn-
ing. I ask the Chair now whether it is not the
first business m order?
The SPEAKER. The special order on the
report of the committee of thirty-three has been,
that it should be taken up after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of. Thattakes.
precedence of the special order in regard to terri-
torial business
