THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1861.
New Series.....No. 78.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the House will give
me one day—either to-day or to-morrow—for the
consideration of territorial business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the g#htleman from
Pennsylvania will name Friday.
Mr. GROW. I leave that to the House to de-
termine. It is my duty to see that the territorial
business is brought before the House;.and I am
willing to be governed by the majority as to the
day on which it shall be taken up. As a test
question, I move to postpone the report of the
committee of thirty-three till to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before the motion
is put, let me be allowed to say a word. It is in-
dispensably necessary, for the government of the
Territories, that a bill which the committee lias
directed me to report shall be passed. I therefore
ask the House to give us some time for the con-
sideration of this territorial business.
Mr. GROW. At the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] I move to post-
pone this territorial business till two o'clock to-
morrow. I desire to have the sense of the House
expressed on that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. There is another bill pending here
as unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will modify his motion so as to have
three hours of to-monow set apart for teiritorial
business. It may be necessary to have appropri-
ation bills acted on to-morrow evening.
Mr. KILGORE. I do hope that ibe business
of the House will be placed in such a shape as to
allow the Committee for the District of Columbia
to have at least one day for District business be-
fore the close of the session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will again state his proposition.
Mr. GROW. If the Chair decides that the re-
port of ihe committee of thirty-three is in order
now 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Mr. GROW. Then I shall have to move to
postpone that business, in order that we may have
to-day for territorial business. I move to post-
pone the report of the committee of thirty-three
till after the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the propo-
sition, by postponing the report of the committee
of thirty-three till Saturday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I trust that both
motions will be voted down, and that we will take
an immediate vote upon them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is this proposition open to
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it is an amendment
in the second degree.
Mr. PHELPS. In other words, the proposi-
tion is to postpone the report of the committee
of thirty-three till such a period that it cannot be
considered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Or, in other words,
to defeat it.
Mr. PHELPS. It is an indefinite postponement
of the report of the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not understand that
there is more than one amendment pending. I
understand that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] is the only
amendment pending, and that an amendment to
that is in order.
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio is, to postpone this re-
port tilt Saturday, at one o'cloclW
Mr. HICKMAN. That is the first amendment.
What is the second ?
The SPEAKER. There is no other.
Mr. HICKMAN 1 propose an amendment to
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. No furtheramendment is in
order.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is not an amendment to
the amendment in order?
78
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. At
any rate, the call of the roll has commenced, and
it is now too late to submit an amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rose and
proposed to submit an amendment before the roll-
call was commenced.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I submit this question to
the Chair. [Shoutsof " Order!" from theDem-
ocratio side.] Gentlemen may call " Order !" as
much as theyplease. I am determined to be heard.
Mr. SICKLES. The call of the roll has com-
menced, and I call the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to order. [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from New
York has beeen out of order for four or five days.
Mr. SICKLES. Your whole side has been out
of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not often interfere with
the proceedings of this House. [" Order !" " Or-
der !"] But I think I have rights here, and I will
maintain them. [Shouts of " Order '."]
Mr. SICKLES. I insist that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania shall desist. [" Order!"]
Mr. HICKMAN. There is no man in this
House who has created more disorder than the
gentleman from Ne w Y orlt. [Shou ts of" Order
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the point
the gentleman from Pennsylvania makes.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can make no statement without unani-
mous consent; and I object. [Shouts of" Order!"
and confusiaii.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to rise to a question
of order, and the Chair thinks he ought to hear him.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am not to be deterred from
my purpose by any bluster on the part of the
gentleman from New York. [Shoutsof "Order!"
"Sit down!" "Hear him!" and tumultuous
confusion.]
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman will be de-
terred by the rules of the House; and I insistthat
he shall take his seat.
Mr. HICKMAN. There is no man in this
House who more persistently violates the rules
than the gentleman from New York; and I am not
to be put down by any words from the mouth of
such a man. [Shouts of " Order!" all over the
House.]
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman will be put
down by the rules of the House. ["Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 will state it.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to order. There can be no debate during
the call of the roll, and there can be no question
of order raised during the call. 1 insist that the
rules shall be enforced. [Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. CARTER. I call the gentleman from New
York to ordci.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Ponnsy 1 vania has the righ t to sub-
mit hispomtof order, and the Chair will not listen
to anything else until the gentleman has been per-
mitted to state his point of order.
Mr. ADRA1N. Such proceedings are dis-
graceful to the House, and I trust they will be
stopped. [Shouts of " Order !"]
Mr. HICKMAN. I am sorry that these dis-
graceful proceedings come fiom the other side of
the House.
[The House was at this time in a state of the
most tumultuous confusion, members standing
and shouting "Mr. Speaker!" "Order!" "Sit
down!" &.c.]
Mr. JOIIN COCHRANE. I move that the
galleries be cleared, not that they are m disorder,
but [ am unwilling that they should witness our
disorder. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I move that tlie floor be cleared.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HINDMAN. Would it be in order to re-
consider the postponement of the force bill, and
employ it to reduce the House to order? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize no
gentleman until the House comes to order. The.
gentleman from Pennsylvania will state his ques-
tion of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before the roll-call was
commenced, I made the inquiry of the Chair 
Mr. SICKLES. No debate is in order during
thc call of the roll. I call the gentleman to order.
[Shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne\^
York is out of order, and will take his seat.
Mr. SICKLES. I will obey the Chair, but not
the member from Pennsylvania. ["Order!"]
Mr. McKEAN. WehaveaSergeant-at-Arms,
and I ask that he be directed to keep order.
The SPEAKER. The member from Pennsyl-
vania will state his point of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before the call of the roll
had commenced, or any response given, I pro-
pounded this question to the Chair: whether fur-
ther amendment was in order. I was answered
by the Chair that it was not. I then understood
from the Chair, that the amenSment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was an
amendment to an amendment. I subsequently
understood that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
made a motion to postpone to a day named by
him, and that the gentleman from Ohio moved as
an amendment in the first degree, to postpone to
a day further off. I therefore suppose it would
be m order for me to move to postpone to a day
still further off. That motion would be only
an amendment in the second degree. I then un-
derstood the Chair, after the call of the roll had
commenced, that ho was mistaken in deciding that
my amendment could not be received, but that 1
was now precluded, because the call of the roll
had commenced. I submit the point of order,
therefore, that I could not be denied my right ill
consequence of the mistake of the Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has not the
right to introduce any in the present state of the
question; because the House has before it a motion
to postpone, and another motion to postpone to
another day, by way of amendment; and for the
further reason, that the call of the roll had been
commenced and a response given. It is therefore
too late to move any further amendment, if it
would otherwise be in order; and I will refer to
repeated precedents during the present session.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the Chair will permit
me to say that the same point has been ruled
against this side of the House, that when the call
of the roll had been commenced, no motion was
in order and no point of order in order, however
the.motion may have been m order before the call
of the roll was commenced by the Clerk.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is not the point. My
point is, that I claimed the rigl^t to offer my
amendment before the roll-call was commenced,
and was only prevented from offering it by *the
error of the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. In order that I may under-
stand the facts, I wish to ask a question of the
Chair. If the Chair deprived a gentleman of his
right to offer an amendment which he had the
right to offer—and with all due deference to the
Chair, £ cannot concur with him in his ruling—I
think the Chair certainly has the right to correct
his own error.
The SPEAKER. The Chair agrees with the
gentleman from Kentucky; and gentlemen will
bear him witness that, during the time he has oc-
cupied the Chair, ho has never failed to correct
any error he has made, whether it apply to a gen-
tleman on one side of the House or the other. The
Chair is perfectly satisfied that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania rose and proposed to offer his
amendment before the call of the roll commenced.
The Chair was then under the impression that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] was an amendment in the second de-
gree. The Chair is now satisfied that he was in
error. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] moved to postpone until to-morrow. The
