274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
ing in Indiana, for reference to the committee of
thirtvrthree.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business, unless the gentleman has a resolution
of some kind to present.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports for ref-
erence, under the rules of the House.
Mr. HINDMikN. The resolutions presented
by the gentleman from Indiana—are they pend-
ing or are they withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. They are not before the
House; because the gentleman from Ohio calls for
the regular order of business. Reports from com-
mittees are now in order.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN,from theCommittee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th
June, 1862; which was read a first and second
lime, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
IIELYPSOMETJ3R.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of a communication in regard to an instru-
ment called the helypsometer, for finding a ship's
position at sea where there is no natural horizon,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
It was so ordered.
change of steamboat's name.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reportedajoint resolution authorizing
the change of name of steamboat J. C. Fremont
to that of Horizon; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be put upon its passage.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object.
The joint resolution was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
bounty lands to officers and soldiers.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution construing an act in addition to
ceitaiii acts granting bounty lands to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee onPublicLauds, and ordered to be printed.
iiockaday and liggit.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Hockaday & Liggit; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask that the bill be put upon
its passage.
The bill was read. It appropriates $59,576 to
be allowed to Hockaday & Liggit in full payment
of the damages sustained by them in reduction of
pay for carrying mails on loute 8911.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to considering the
bill now.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, 1 move that the
rules be suspended, and this bill be put upon its
passage at the present time. This bill, Mr.
Speaker, passed both Houses of Congress at the
last session of Congress, but failed to obtain the
signature of the President. It was fully discussed
at the iast session, and I regard it as one of the
most msritorious cases ever presented for the con-
sideration of Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought the hill oughtnot
to pass wit hout some examination. I understand,
however, that the matter was discussed last ses-
sion, and that the bill passed both Houses, but
that for some cause or other it failed to get the
signature of the President. I therefore withdraw
my objection.
"Mr. ELY. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts whether this is the same bill that passed
at last session ?
Mr. ALLEY. It is.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
franklin iiaven and "associates.
Mr. ALLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Franklin Haven and
his associates; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
washington goff.
Mr. ALLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petition of Washington
Golf; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
district 01? columbia.
Mr. CARTER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia to ask that Senate
bills Nos. 474and 377 be taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
There being no objection, the following bills
were taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia:
An act (No. 474) to provide for the payment of
the claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy,
jr., and Hugh Stewart; and
An act (No. 377) supplemental to an act enti-
tled " An act to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad into and within the District of
Columbia."
seventh census.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 868, to
amend " An act providing for the taking of the
seventh census,and for other purposes," approved
May 23, 1850, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, and movgdthatit be laid on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
progress of the useful arts.
Mi. BINGHAM. I am also instructed by the
Committee on tlie Judiciary to report back House
bill No. G21, to amend an act entitled "An act
to promote the progress of the useful arts, and to
repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore made
for that purpose," approved July 4, 1836, and
to move that it be referred to the Committee on
Patents, where it properly belongs.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and the bill was accordingly referred
to the Committee on Patents.
albert r. hatch.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Albert
R. Hatch; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
logan iiunton.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Logan Hunton,"of New Or-
leans, with the recommendation that it do pass.
X move that it be now considered and passed.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title, and it was then read in, extenso. It
directs that there be paid to Logan Hunton, late
district attorney of the United States for the dis-
trict of Louisiana, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated,tlie sum of§5,000,
in full for his services on behalf of the United
States, as United States district attorney in the
several prosecutions heretofore instituted in Lou-
isiana against Narcisso Lopez and others, for
violations of the United States neutrality laws,
by setting on foot military expeditions against
the island of Cuba.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
consideration of the resolution at this time ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is there any report accom-
panying the resolution ?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is not; but I will
explain it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I seems to me tlmt we ought
to have a report before we are asked to pass the
joint lesolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will state why there is no
report. In the first place, this case was fully
considered by the Comptroller of the United States
Treasury, Mr. Elisha Whittlesey.
Mr. LOVEJOY. When ?
Mr. BINGHAM. In 1851. I have the whole
report here, and it will fully explain this case.
He states, among other things, that there are no
taxable fees allowed to attorneys in the supreme,
court of Louisiana, their compensation not being
taxable fees or costs, but a quantum meruit, or
such sum as may be agreed on between clients
and their attorney. The rule heretofore adopted
has been, as members well know, to fix the fees
of the district attorneys of the United States ac-
cording to the table of fees in the supreme court
of the State in which they reside. There being'
no system, of taxation of fees in the State of Lou-
isiana—no rule by which to determine the com-
pensation of this officer, Mr. Elisha Whittlesey
thereupon proceeds to sayr
"The laws now in force do not provide any compensa-
tion for the services rendered, except five dollars per diem
for attendance in court, and the small salary, which are en-
tirely inadequate for such services. The suits were of greag
importance, difficult to manage, and required high profes-
sional attainments and ability, and mucli time and atten-
tion. Being paid a small salary and a jier diem for his at-
tendance in court, Mr. Hunton has no legal claim on the
Government for any greater compensation than the law
prescribes and provides tor them ; but such compensation
being entirely inadequate, and below the real value of the
services, less than is paid in nearly all ihe districts where
there are some taxable fees under the State laws, and less
than was contemplated by Congress at the time of passing
the act to admit Louisiana into tlie Union, April 8, 1812,
Mr. Hunton has an equitable claim 011 the Government for
a reasonable compensation for his services."
Mr. BRANCH. Is this resolution before the
House? I cannot hear what the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio is saying, there is so much con-
fusion in the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will hear
read what the Comptroller of the Treasury says
upon this case, 1 am sure he will not object to the
passage of this joint resolution. Let the Clerk
read the passages I have marked in the official
report of Mr. Elisha Whittlesey.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 believe thatit is not in order
to put anything upon its passage at this time ex-
cept by the unanimous consent of the House. I
think, therefore, that we had better go on under
the rule, and let this resolution take the same
course with like resolutions and bills.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Noith Carolina will withdraw his objection. This
case has been a long time before the House, and
it is one of peculiar merit.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the House will permit the
Comptroller's report to be read, I am sure all
objection to this case will be withdrawn.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not stamt against the
wishes of all of my friends. If it be the desire of the
House to pass resolutions in this way, I will not
object.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there seems to be a dis-
position to pass private bills without due consid-
eration, I move that the rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
pacification.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me a moment to make a suggestion.
I have not, as you know, Mr. Speaker, said a
word during the present session in regard to the
present alarming condition of public affairs; nor
is it my purpose to do so at this time tn any great
extent. I only ask the indulgence of the House
for a few moments, while 1 make one or two ob-
servations. If, sir, 1 do not achieve a compen-
sating good for my country, 1 will have the proud
recollection of having made an earnest, honest
effort to do so.
Mr. BURNETT. What does the gentleman
propose to do J What does he ask?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will re pond to the
gentleman's inquiry. I have a joint resolution—
proposing amendments to the Constitution—to
submit to the House, which I desire may be or-
dered to be printed. I do not ask any action on
it to-day. My object in having it printed is to
have it placed upon the desk of every member,
and before the country through the medium of
the newspapers. If allowed, I design to have a
day set apart for its consideration. It is a prop-
osition framed in the plainest and most unmistak-
able language, and will bo comprehended by the
most ordinary understanding.
Mr. JONES. I object. That stops it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw his motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, so that we may pass the resolution which
was before us a while ago.
