1284
THE CQHGBESSIQNAL GLOBE.
February 26,
gentleman froni Ohio moved to amend, so as to
postpone until Thursday. That is an amendment
in the first degree'; and there may be another
amendment offered. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is in order.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 move to postpone until
Monday next, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon all
these propositions, I now demand the previous
question. "
Mr. RUST. Is it in order to move to lay all
these propositions to postpone on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order; but it would
carry with it the whole report of the committee
of thirty-three.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to know what
would be the effect of ordering the main ques-
tion ?
1 The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to
vote first upon the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] to postpone.
If that be voted down, then upon the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bimgiiam;] and if
that be voted down, then upon the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Grow.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon my motionto postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Hickman's
motion; and it was decidcd in the negative—yeas
56, nays 131; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Beale, Blair. Blake, Bray-
ton, (Jufhmori, Butlingame, Carey, Ca^c, Coburn, Colfax,
Oovoiie, Dawes, Delano, Ed<*erton, Edwards, Eliot, Fnrns-
worth, Fenton, Frank, Good), Grow,Gurley, Ilaskm, Hick-
man, Hutching, Irvine, Francis VV. Kellogg, DeWitt C.
Leach, Use, Lovejoy, Marsion, MoKean, Morrill, Palmer,
Pottci, Pottle, Edwin 11. Reynolds,Chiis-topher Robinson,
Royce, Sedewiclc, Smnner, Stevens, Tappan, Tlieaker,
Tompkins, Train, Wiide, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, and
Wiiuimn—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Gieen Adums, Ad-
min, Aldrich, Thomas L. Andeison, William 0. Anderson,
Avciy, Babbitt, Barr, Barret, Bingham, Bocock, Boteler,
Bouligny, Bmbson, Branch, Biigsjs, Bristow, Brown,Bureh,
Burnett, Buinham, Buiteifiold, Carter, Horace F. Claik,
John B. Clark, ClaiK B Cochrane, John Coehiane, Conk-
Mng, Corwin, Cov, James Ciaig, Bui ton Oraige, Curtis, II.
Winter Duvi>, John G. Davis, De Jarnwtie, Dunn, Edmund-
son, Ely, English, Eiheridge, Ferry, Florence, Foukc,Gar-
nett, Ciluiei, Graham, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Motn^on
Han is, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hchmok, Hindman, Hoaid,
Ilolmnn, Willmm Uowutd, William A. Ilowaid, Hughes,
iinmphiev, Jenkins*. Junkin. William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgoic, Kiiiingrr, Kiinkel, L.trrnbco, James M. Leach,
Le.'ike, Logan, Longnccker, Loomu, Maclay, Malloi.v,
Cluuh's I) Maitm, Elbert S. Maiitn, Maynard, McClei-
nand, McKentj, McKnight, Md'heivon, Millson, Mont-
gomery. Lab,m"T. Moore, Mooihead, Edward Joy Moriis,
Irfii.ic N.Motns, Nei on, Niblack, Nixon, Nocll, Olm, IVttit,
Peyton, Phelps, 1'ortei, I'oor, Quatle.s, John H. Reynolds,
Riw-i, James C. Robinson, Kiidin, Rust, Scianton, Shei-
rnan, Snnms, William N. II. Smith, Spuulding, Stanton,
Stevenson. James A. Stewart, William Stewatt, Stokes,
Stout, Stratum, Thayer, Thomas, Trimble, Vallandinham,
Vance, Veuve, Webster, Whiteley, Win&low, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodson, and Wiight—131.
So that the House refused to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the subject until Monday
iH'Xt, at eleven o'clock, a, m.
During the yote,
Mr. HINDMAN said: Mr. Speaker, while I
consider all of the pending; propositions unsatis-
factory, yrt, in order to give the fiiends of the
-evi'ial propositions an oppoitunity of voting on
them, and tin? House a chance of doing justice to
the South, J vote (< no."
Mr, BCJRNHAM, said: Mr. Speaker,some of
the resolutions of the select committee I will vote
for, and others i will vote against. In order that
1 may have an opportunity of voting on the
seveial pending propositions 1 vote " no."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifyingthe House
that that body had concurred in the amendments
of the House to the amendments of the Senate to
the post route bill, and had receded from the
amendments of the Senate disagreed to by the
House; and also, that it had agreed to the con-
icrence asked for by the House on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses on the tariff bill;
and had appointed Messrs. Simmons, Hunter,
and Biglee, managers of said conference on its
part.
STATB OB THE UNIO^—AGAIN.
Mr. GROW. I hope that the vote will be taken
on the next motion for the postponement of the
special order, not by the yeas and nays, butby a
division of the House.
. Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any such arrange-
ment. The yeas and nays have been ordered,
and I want the vote to be taken by yeas and nays
on my proposition of postponement.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to postpone until next Saturday, at
one o 'clock; and on that motion the yeas and nays
have been ordered. [Cries of " Vote !"]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffiiuon, Builingamo, Burn-
httm, Butteifield, Carey, Carter, Caf-e, Cobum, Colfax,
Covode, Dawes, Delano, Edgerton, Edwards, Rlior, Ely,
Farnswortb, Fenton, Feny, Frank, Gooch, Graham, Grow,
Gurley, Haskin, Hickman, Ilutclmis, Irvine, Francis W.
Kelloga, DeWitt C. Leaeh, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mais-
ton, McKean, Morrill, Morse, Palmer, Potter, Pottle, Ed-
win it. Reynolds, Chnstopher Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick,
Spinner, Stevens., Tappan, Tlieaker, Tompkuib, Train,
Wade, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, £1-
lihu B. Washbuine, Wells, Windom, and Woodruff—66.
NAYS—Messis. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Aveiy,
Bair, Bariet, Bocock, Boteler, Bonhgny, Brabson, Branch,
Briggs, Bristow, Biown, Bureh, Burnett,Campbell, Horace
F. Claik, John B. Clark, Clark B. Coehiane, John Coch-
rane, Conkling, Corwin, Cox, James Craig, Burton Ciaiee,
Curtis, H. Wintei Davis, John G. Davis, De Jarrieitc,
Dunn, EdmundbOit, English, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke,
Girnett, Gilmer, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Momson liariif,
John T. Hams, Hatton, flt'lmick, Hoard, Holman,William
Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Jen-
kins, Junkin, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoio, Killmger,
Kunkel, Lariabee, James M. Leach, Leaku, Logan, Long-
neekei, Maclay, IWallory, Charles D. Maitin,£lbeitS. Mar-
tin, Maynard, McCleinand,McKenty, McKnight. Mcl'her-
son, Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhcad,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Mi>rris, Nelson, Niblack,
Nixon, Noell, Olm, Peyton, Phelps, Poiter, Pryoi, Q,uailes,
John H. Reynold^, Kigg^, James C. Rohinso#, Ituflin,Itust,
Soianton, Sherman, Sickles, Simms, William N. H.
Smith, Spauldiny, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
WilliamStewait,Stokes, Stout, Stratton,Thayer,Thomas,
Tiimble, Vallandigham, Vance, Verret*, Webster, White-
ley, VVmslow, Wood, Woodson, and Wright—100.
So the House refused to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until next Saturday,
at one o'c'ock.
During the vote,
Mr. GROW moved that, by unanimous con-
sent, the reading of (he names be dispensed with.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question then rccurred on Mr. Grow's
motion to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. 1 hope that the vote will be taken
on my motion by u division.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to vote on these
propositions; and I demand the yeas and nays on
any motion postponing them another moment.
Mr. WASHBQRNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. Docs the gentleman from Ken-
tucky want the yeas and nays on postponing the
question until to-morrow?
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly, I do.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens,
of Pennsylvania, and Clark, of Missouri, were
appointed.
The tellers reported forty in the affirmative;
which being more than one fifth of a quorum, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's mo-
tion ; and it was decided m the negative—yeas 79,
nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayton, Buffimon, Burhngame,
Bui nham, Butterfi.-Id, Carey, Carter, Case, Cobuin, Col tax,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards Eliot, Ely,
Fain^worth, Fenton, Feny, Frank, Gooch, Giaham, Grow,
H.ttkm, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutching, Irvine,
Fianeiv W. Kellogg, Is>nyon, DeWitt C. Leaeh, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marsion, McKean, Mor-
rill, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Palmer, Pettit, Potter, Pottle,
Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Itoyce,
Sedgwick, Sheiman, Spaulding, Spinner. Stevens. Wil-
liam Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Tlieaker, Tompkins,
Ti.un, Verree, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eltihu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodruff—79.
NAYS—Mcs&rs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Andeison, Avery,
Bocock, Boteler, Bianch, Rriggs, Bristow, Brown, Bureh,
Bui lieu, Campbell, Horace F. Clark, John B. Chuk, Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Conkling, Co win, Cox,
James Craig. Burton Craige, Curtis, 11. Winter Davis, John
G. Davis, DeJarneite, Dunn, Edmundson, English, Ether-
idge, FIoience,Fouke3Ganiett, Gilmei, Gurley, Hall, Ham-
ilton, J. Moruson Hams, John T. Harris-, Hatton, lieimiek,
Holman, William Howard, Hughes, Jenkins, Junkin, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kilgore, KilJirlger, Kunfcel, Larrabee,3am'e 
M Leach, Leake, Logan, Maliory, Charles D. Martin, El-
bert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McKenty, Me-
Knight, McPherson, Millson, Montgomery, Labau T.
Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Niblack, Nuell,
Olm, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, Clnarles, John H.
Reynolds, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Scranton,
Sickles, Simms, William N. II. Smith, Stanton, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Thayer, Thomas, Trim-
ble, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Winsiow,
Wood, Woodson, and Wright—103.
So the Ho#se refused to postpone the subject
until to-morrow.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORWIN. I have only obtained the floor,
Mr. Speaker, with a view to bring the House to
a vote on the various propositions reported by
the committee of thirty-three. I do not propose
to discuss any of the questions made by any of
those propositions. I am sure the House must
be weary of the discussion, and I do not Suppose
that it would be possible for any one now to
change the opinions of any gentleman in this
House. I wish to indicate to the House—and
I dare say that they will indulge me—that I do
not propose to take up the subjects in the report
of that committee exactly in the order in which
they are reported, but to select for tho votes of
the House those considered vital, and of the ut-
most importance; so that, when the House shall
become weary of voting, as they have become
weary I doubt not of discussion, their votes will
be of record on the material and important parts
of the report. I propose, first, to take a vote on
the joint resolution, to be found on page 4 of the
report.
Mr. BOCOCK. I suppose that the object of
the gentleman from Ohio is, that we should have
a distinct understanding as to the manner in which
the voting on these propositions shall be con-
ducted, and T rise for that purpose. I believe
that the gentleman from New York, or the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, I have now forgotten
which, introduced as an amendment to some of
the propositions of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, what is called the Crittenden proposition.
That is a cardinal proposition with a great num-
ber on this side of the House, and we want a vote
on it. Wc do not care how soon the gentleman
gets up his joint resolution, provided it is under-
stood that he will allow the Crittenden proposi-
tion to come up as a substitute and be voted on.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state that the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Burch] moved his proposition as an
amendment m the nature of a substitute. There-
upon I moved the original Crittenden proposition
as an amendment to the amendment. That is the
present condition of the question. The first ques-
tion, I understand, is upon the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to state, as a point of order, that I file a
standing objection to any gentleman interrupting
the gentleman from Ohio, and to his yielding the
floor to any gentleman,.until he has stated what
his purpose is, and until the Chair has stated the
condition of the question before the House. I
interpose for the purpose of protecting the gentle-
man from Ohio from intenuption; and until those
of us who arc willing to sit still until we can un-
derstand the condition of the question may know
what it is.
Mr. CORWIN. I had supposed, according to
the rules of the House, that the propositions-stand
thus: the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nel-
son,] as I understood him, offered what is called
the Crittenden resolutions as a substitute for the
entire report ofthe committee;the gentleman Irom
California [Mr. Burcii] offered a resolution de-
manding the calling of a national convention as
an amendment to that. I supposed the ordei of
voting would bS thus: first upon that resolution
offered by the gentleman from California—a mem-
ber of the committee of thirty-three—asking for
a call for a national convention; and, secondly,
upon the Crittenden propositions, as they are
called, offered by the gentleman from Tennessee;
and then, that we should come to the report of
the committee itself.
Mr. TAPPAN. I gave notice, at the time thia
report was called up- at the cutset, that I should
