1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
215
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have the floor.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I think not; there is amo-
tion pending to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not. I am, however,
perfectly willing to let the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee come in.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will suspend my re-
marks, and ask the unanimous consent of the
House for leave^to introduce my proposition.
Mr. JONES. I object to its coming before this
House. We have had forty thousand proposi-
tions already, intended to deceive and entrap our
people. I am opposed to all propositions of the
kind. I object.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If it be in order, I move
for a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the morn-
ing hour not yet having expired.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, pending the motion
to go into committee, that all general debate on
the executive, legislative, and judicial appropria-
tion bill in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be determined within ten min-
utes after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
LOGAN HUNTON AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, to move that the joint reso-
lution for the relief of Logan Hunton, of New
Orleans, be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered,
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL—-AGAIN.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sher-
man's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Etheridge in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN" stated t,hat the bill before
the committee was House bill No. 892, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1862; and that the pending ques-
tion was on striking out the words " for station-
ery, $12,000." On that amendment tellers were
ordered.
Mr SHERMAN. That amendment, I pre-
sume, was moved by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Leach,] to test whether a quorum
was present. I hope he will withdraw it.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I withdraw it.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of thej
bill. ' n
" For Congressional Globe, and
$49,300."
binding the same,
Mr. Q,UARLES. I move to reduce that appro-
priation to $32,000. I do so for this reason: the
appropriation here is the same amount as that
which was estimated; $32,000 was the amount
provided in the bill for the last session, for these
same services. It may be suggested that this sum
of $49,300 is proper for the next session, because
it is the long session; but, by referring to the last
bill, it will be seen that the amount for binding,
&c., is the same for a long as for a short session.
I cannot see what else enters into the cost of the
Congressional Globe. I see the appropriation for
binding is $50,000; and it was the same last year.
The printing is the same this year as it was last
year. Now, what else can enter into the cost of
the Congressional Globe? Nothing in the world;
and I propose to reduce the amount for the Globe
and binding $17,300, which is the excess of ex-
penses for the next session of Congress tfver the
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee labors und<?r a misapprehension. The ad-
ditional appropriation for reporting arises from
the fact that the Globe extends over a greater
number of pages during a longsession tltari during
a short one.
Mr. Q,UARLES. Last year £11,000 were ap-
propriated for reporting; and this year it is pro-
posed to appropriate §18,000,
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, moved to
amend by striking out line sixty-two, as follows:
'* For miscellaneous items, $20,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause being under considera-
tion—
"For compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Repiesentatives and Delegates from Territories,
$1,100,000;" 5
Mr. LEACH j of North Carolina, said : I move
to reduce the amount to $550,000. I make this
motion because, at the first session of the present
Congress, I introduced a bill for the reduction of
the pay and mileage of the members of Congress.
I introduced that bill in good faith; and I believe
that, if it could be brought to a vote of the House,
it would pass; and if it shall pass, it will reduce
the mileage and pay of members one half—the
reduction thatmy amendmentproposes. Itought
to be adopted. The fearful condition of the coun-
try; the bankruptcy of the Treasury; the finan-
cial crisis that, is upon us; considerations of justice
and economy, all require it; and if not adopted,
I want the country to understand that at this ses-
sion we are borrowing money at twelve per cent,
interest to pay the compensation and mileage of
members of Congress, and the interest on the
public debt. I believe retrenchment and reform
ought to begin there; and then the people of the
country would have some hope and confidence
that Congress would cut down the expenses of
the Government in all its departments. It ought
to be done; and I trust it will be done. There is
a bill before the House introduced by me for that
purpose; and if it can be brought to a vote, I be-
lieve that reform, beginning at the right place,
may be brought about. The cost of printing has
already been reduced forty per cent., and a reduc-
tion ought to be made in this matter. The esti-
mate for the present year is §1,100,000. Last
year it was §615,250. There was also, last year,
an unexpended balance of $93,000, which may
be applied to the next year, as I understand it.
There is, then, it appears, a difference of some
four or five hundred thousand dollars between
the estimate of last year and the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difference is easily ex-
plained. Under the new compensation law, the
money which becomes due to members during
vacation is paid the next December; and the con-
sequence is, that one year the amount is much
larger than it is the other. Next December we
receive nine months'pay; and consequently, dur-
ing the next fiscal year, a larger amount of com-
pensation is paid to members than during the
present fiscal year.
Mr. McKN 1GHT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, because members of Congress are elected
with an understanding of what is to be their com-
pensation. But, at the same time, I believe a
good deal is paid to or received by members
which they are not legally entitled to; and if,
when we reach those items, such as appropriations
for newspapers, stationery, &c., which every
man ought to pay for himself, the gentleman will
move to strike them out, I will cooperate with
him in those reforms. We are allowed a com-
pensation of $3,000 per annum, and a certain
amount of mileage. I am in favor of reducing
the mileage to three or four cents a mile, and will
so vote whenever I have an opportunity.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to strike
outoflines sixty-eightand sixty-nine the words,
" Clerk of the House of Representatives, $3,600."
I enter the list of reformers in this House with
great diffidence. My experience here does not
give me that information which is necessary to
enable me to discharge my duties in all respects,
so far as reforming the expenses of this House
are concerned; but what I see here I think I know.
So far as the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives is concerned, I only know him in an official
character by the Journals of this House. I be-
lieve I have had the pleasure of seeing the Clerk
ill this House once, performing the grateful duty
of reading to the House the message of the Pres-
ident, which was well done; but the duties of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives are not
performed by the officer whom we elected. Those
who have anything to do with the Clerk's office
know that its duties are performed by the polite
and gentlemanly assistant clerk, Mr. Hayes, who
performs all the duties of Clerk. I do not, there-
fore, think that we should pay a man $3,600 for
doing nothing. The great difficulty now seems
to be in making offices for men, and not in find-
ing men to execute the duties of. office. I. there-
fore move to strike out the compensation which
is allowed to the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives—he performing nojjc of the duties.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to strikeout from lines
seventy-four and seventy-five, the words, "Mes-
senger in charge of the south wing of the Capitol,
$1,500." I understand that there is no servicewhat-
ever to be performed by that messenger. There are
two different persons claiming the right to take
charge of that portion of the Capitol, while there
isno service for either. Ifl am correctly informed,
by a resolution of the Thirty-Fourth Congress a
messenger was appointed to take charge of a cer-
tain room—the room of the Committee on Agricul-
ture. That was,before the Hall of the present
House was occupied; and that gentleman claims
to hold that office to-day at a salary of $1,500 a
year, although the main charge of the room is
committed to laborers who deceive a compensation
of $1 50 per day. I am satisfied that there is no
necessity for the services of a person to take charge
of that room, as there are no duties for him to
perform. I hope the appropriation will be stricken
out. The Doorkeeper has likewise the power to
appoint a messenger for the same place; and he
has a sufficient number of messengers under his
change to discharge all the duties (if any) that can
devolve upon this messenger. The messenger
provided lor in the appropriation is a very clever
gentleman, placed there at the instance of another
gentleman for whom 1 have great respect; and I
am satisfied this fact induced some gentlemen to
support a similar appropriation last session. I
hope, however, this needless appropriation will
not again be made. g
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I see in these appropriations
for the clcrks and messengers of the House an ap-
propriation for a messenger to the Postmaster of
the House. I do not see that any estimate was
submitted to us for the services of this messen-
ger. The Postmaster of the House has no mes-
senger.
Mr; SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means called the officer a " messenger " in-
stead of "assistant Postmaster."
Mr. Q.UARLES. It is all right, then.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, moved to
strike out lines one hundred and five to one hun-
dred and nine inclusive, as follows:
" For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and delegate of the first session
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and one hundred of the
same for the House Library, $39,688." •
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. Q.TJARLES. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and ten to one hundred and thirteen
inclusive, as follows:
" For the compensation of the draughtsman and clerks
employed upon hind maps, clerks to committees, and tem-
porary clerks in the office of the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, $17,900."
I understand there is no use for these draughts-
men and clerks employed on these land maps;
that the expenditure is entirely useless; that no
use is made of those maps in the House of Rep-
resentatives. This appropriation ought not to be
made; and the services should be dispensed with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
that there must have been a mistake in printing
the bijl; for the Committee of Ways and Means
excluded the land-map clerks. I move to amend
the original clause which the gentleman mows to
strike out, by striking out the words " draughts-
man and clerks employed upon the land maps."
Mr. dUARLES. Then the gentleman from
Ohio wants to leave in the whole amount of ap-
propriation, when there are no men to whom it
is to be paid. His amendment does not lessen
the amount of appropriation at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr." Chairman, I thought
I explained to the gentleman that the Committee
of Ways and Means did not allow anything for
these land-map clerks. The amount estimatod
for was §23,984. We struck out the land-map
clerks, and reduced the appropriation to $17,800.
Mr. LOVEJOY. For what?
Mr. SHERMAN. For clerks to committees.
They were appointed under resolutions of the
House, ami I suppose you have to pay them.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Seventeen thousand eight
