IM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
' 4. Amendments to the act for the rendition of fugitives
fi-om justice, and pending amendments.
5: The several resolutions reported by the committee,
and pending amendments,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The only way in
Which my colleague can attain his object is, by
Withdrawing the pending resolutions which the
Chair has announced, andthen proposing the joint
rest>!utioiT"relative. to the amendment of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 object to any
deviation from the regular order.
MESSAGE IROJl THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the amendments of the Senate to the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
STATE 03? THE UNION—AGAIN.
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Speaker, I propose, with
the consent of the House, after having consulted
with the majority of the committee who are
friendly to this joint resolution, to offer a substi-
tute for it. The joint resolution, as reported, pro-
poses that no amendment of tlve Constitution of
the United Stated shall ever be made until every
State in the.Union shall Viave assented to it I
propose the following as a substitute:
No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which
will authorize or give to Congress power to abolish or in-
terfere, within any State, with the domestic institutions
thereof, including that ot" persons held to labor or service
by the laws of said State.
That is the proposition which I wish to have
voted upon, instead of the proposition reported
here by the committee; and I ask to make that
modification as chairman of the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order;
and that is, that the chairman cannot substitute
anything for the report of the committee. He
has not been ordered by the committee to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
chairman of the committee to offer this as an
amendment. He can do that if he ple'ases.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There are two amendments
alreadypending.
Mr. CORWlN. I understand that the priv-
ilege has always been accorded to a committee to
modify their report after it has been brought into
the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE . Certainly not with-
out a meeting of the committee to authorize the
modification.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the com-
mittee has been disbanded, where does the gen-
tleman's authority come from?
Mr. CORWIN. The committee has not been
disbanded.
Mr. PERRY. 1 never heard of this amend-
ment before, and I am a member of the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order,
that the modification is not in order, because it is
not the creation of the committee.
Mr. CORWIN. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois very well. His motives are very
pure, but they are very objectionable to me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have nodoubt of it. Purity
is always objectionable to the opposite. [Laugh-
ter.] I speak politically of coarse. I make the
point of order; and I ask for a decision on it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I make the point of order
that the gentleman is not speaking from his seat.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is n great idea. I can-
not hear anything back there at my seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Ohio, as an individual mem-
ber, moves this as an amendment to the report of
the committee.
Mr. BURCH. Can more than two amend-
ments be pending at the same time?
Mr. CORWIN. I do not offer it as an amend-
ment; but I ask, as a courtesy, thatit may bo sub-
stituted for the one I offered. I do so after con-
sultation with a great many members of the
committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I still insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
is well taken.
Mr. COR WJN. Then I give it up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot offer
it in that v.'ay.
Mr. CORWIN. Then I propose that the order
suggested by my colleague be adopted as the order
of voting in the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I raise the point of order that
that resolution is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The gentleman from Ohio may make
any statement or proposition he pleases, but not
offer a resolution. „s,
Mr. CORWIN. Then I suppose I will be per-
mitted to call up the various propositions in the
order I may choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I think the Chair has fallen into an inadvertence.
My colleague has a right to move to perfect what
is proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. His proposition is not a
correct one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias stated that
the gentleman has a right, as an individual mem-
ber, to move it as an amendment; but he says he
does not offer it as an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Chair misun-
derstood my colleague. He did offer it as an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. If so, the Chair thinks it is
in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There being an
amendment pending to the report of the commit-
tee, offered by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Burch,] and there being a substitute for the
report, offered by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr Clemens,] I ask whether the only amend-
ment that is admissible now is an amendment to
the amendment to the original report ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks itis clearly
in order as an amendment to the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. GROW. Then, I want to know at what
point, it comes in > The gentleman proposes, as
I understand, to offer it as an amendment to the
substitute. That is what I desire to get at.
Mr. CORWIN. I offer it in lieu of the joint
resolution as reported.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
submits an amendment to the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Virginia, I ask whether
the vote can be taken on that until the amendments
to the original proposition are voted on ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not. The Clerk
will read the propositions in their order.
Mr. Boucii's amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the original series the following words :
That it be, and is hereby, recommended to the several
States of tile Union that they, through their respective Le-
gislatures!, request the Congress of the United States to call
a convention of all the States, in accordance with aitiele
fifth ol the Constitution, for the purpose of amending said
Constitution in such manner and with regard to sucli sub-
jects as will more adequately respond to the wants and af-
ford more sufficient guarantees to the diversified and grow-
ing lntei ests ot'the Government and «f the people composing
tlie same.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Corwin.]
Mr. GROW. I take it that the information
which I seek will be for the enlightenment of the
House as well as of myself. I want to know
what is proposed to be stricken out, for which the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio is to be
substituted?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
proposition to be to strike out the Crittenden com-
promise, being the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,] and to insert
in lieu of it what is offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that it is not in order to move
to amend the joint resolution on page 4, because
that is not now pending before the House, as the
Speaker has decided at least twice. I understood
that nothing was submitted in the first place ex-
cept on the resolutions on pages 1, 2, 3, and part
of page 4, of the printed paper which I hold in
my hand. The Chair so decided a few minutes
ago, and reiterated it now. Therefore, as the joint
resolution is not pending before the House, it
cannot be amended.
The SPEAKER. The first is a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask whether the
whole of the report of the committee of thirty-
thiee is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair suppose® that to
be so; although, of course,' the propositions must
be voted on separately.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I did not so under-
stand it. It was not so stated. * 
Mr. GROW. Now I hope that we will have
this read, and will know where it is to come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the House will hear me
for a moment, I will state what J suppose to be
the parliamentary order of the various proposi-
tions. The first, I understand to be the joint res-
olution to amend the Constitution. To that, there
is an amendment offered by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Burch,] who moves to strike out
that proposition, and to insert.
The SPEAKER. To add to; not to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he moves to add to
the proposition of my colleague. To that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Clemens] moves
a substitute. Now, my colleague has a right to
go back to his original proposition, which is pro-
posed to be struck out, and to move to perfect it.
That is the first question to be put to the House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it understood that all the
propositions submitted to the committee, and voted
on in committee, are included in the report?
The SPEAKER. The House will vote on the
propositions reported by the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But what I want to under-
stand is, whether all the various propositions that
were voted on in committee, ana which are to be
found.in the journal of the committee, are included
in the report ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
they arc not.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to say a word, as there
seems to be a great deal of confusion 
Mr. RUST. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not yield for such a
purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
I do not know whether I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] correctly. If I
did, then I do not agree with the prooosition he
submits. We all want to understand this thing
correctly. What I understand to be the position
of this matter is this: the committee of thirty-three
was appointed and held its sittings like any other
committee. Various matters were referred to that
committee. They reported different bills and joint
resolutions. These bills and joint resolutions had
no necessary connection with each other except
that, by order of the House, they have all bten
kept under consideration for discussion. You can
now proceed in the same manner, as I understand
it, as though the committee had, at different times,
reported four different bills or joint resolutions.
The House has put them all together for the con-
venience of discussion; but when they come to be
voted on, it must be done separately. If the pre-
vious question is ordered, it can apply to only one
bill or jointresolution, with the amendments which
may be pending. When that is disposed of, the
second bill or joint resolution may be taken up
for action. When that is disposed of, the third
and then the fourth. That is the only possible
,way in which the House can getalongin the pres-
ent state of this business, as I understand it. The
first proposition before the House is the joint reso-
lution reported by the gentleman from Ohio, which
stands first in order. He cannot alter it. He lias
made his report; his report has gone on to the
Calendar. That must be first decided, and then
will next come up the joint resolution to amend
the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The vote must be taken
upon each amendment as we go along. The va-
rious propositions must be disposed of separately.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to be distinctly under-
stood, that when the previous question is ordered,
it will apply to these jointresolutions, with what-
ever amendments may be pending, and to them
alone. When that is disposed of, the question
will then come up upon the other joint resolution.
But if the House does not second the demand for
the previous question, the joint resolution will be
open for amendments, within the rule, as long as
gentlemen shall see fit to offer them.
Mr. GROW. Then I understand that the pre-
