276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
hundred dollars was exactly the amount last year.
This year the estimate was $23,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The land-map clerks are
now dispersed wi*h under the law of last ses-
sion.
Mr. Sherman's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Q.UAftLEs's
motion to strike out the clause, as amended.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If I understand tlie explan-
ation of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I am opposed to this motion. The
clause applies not to the land-map clerks, but to
others.
Mr. SHERMAN. It applies to clerks of com-
mittees and temporary clerks in the office of the
Clerk. That is all.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then J think it ought to
stand.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I understood the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to say that this was a misprint. What, then, is
the objection to the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. 1 said the words " draughtsmen and
clerks employed upon the land-maps'4 was a mis-
print. That has been stricken out; but the bal-
ance is.to provide for the clerks of committees.
The question was taken on Mr. QuariAs's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to strike
out the following clause:
" For engraving, electrotyping, and lithographing,
$50,000."
I do it for the purpose of obtaining information.
I desire to know of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, in what department of
this Housoit becomes necessary to pay this amount
for engraving, electrotyping, and lithographing?
Mr. SHERMAN. If we get off with $50,000,
we shall be doing very well. It is chiefly for en-
graving the plates of the Patent Office report—the
mechanical and also the agricultural parts of the
report.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I move to
strike out in line one hundred and twenty-one, all
after the word repairs,"and in line one hundred
and twenty-two to strike out " $10,000," and in-
sert " §2,000;" so as to make the clause read:
For furniture, repaiis, $2,000.
That is to say, I propose to strike out $8,000
for packing-boxes for members.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mi". SMITH, of North Carolina I move to
strike out the item, 44 for stationery, $15,000."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the following clause:
lc Foi iioi-.es, carnages, and saddle-hoise.*, $7,500.'>
I have nothing to say upon the subject. I think
it an imposition. , *
Mt. MOORE, of Kentuc ky. I desire to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, hosv many carriages and saddle-horses
are purchased for the use of the members of the
House of Representatives, and for what purpose
they are used ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have heard this matter
explained at every session of Congress since I
have been here. The horses are not for the mem-
bers atall. They are horses used in carrying the
mails down,and sending messengers to thoTieas-
ury Department, and for various purposes. The
horses do not belong to the Government; but cer-
tain messengers receive $2 50 a day for keeping
horses and wagons to carry the mails, &c. i
think there arc five or six employed.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I insist on my
amendment to strike out the whole item. Mes-
sengers and post-boys are as well able to walk as
members of Congress.
Mr. ALLEN. In support of the motion made
by the gentleman from Virginia, I beg leave to
state that it would be cheaper to hire the hauling
now done by these carnages and horses than it
is to keep the carriages and horses. I think it
would be very proper that this item should be
stricken out, and to let the hauling required to be
done be hired.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to strike outline
ono/hundred and twenty-eight; which is as fol-
lows:
il For newspapers, $12,509."
I do so because I believe it is a very small thing
for a member of Congress to ask this great Gov-
ernment to pay for his newspapers. I can readily
understand why we should be furnished with a
copy of the official paper containing the reports
of our proceedings; but beyond that, as honest
men, we ought not to go. I should like to have
a vote on my amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have nothing of
very great importance to urge in opposition to the
motion that has just been made; but I do think
that the Government should not only pay for the
newspapers of members, but should pay members
for reading them. [Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment;
To enable the Superintendent of Public Priming to eairy
into effect the provisions of the joint lesolntion in relation
to the public piinunji. approved s33d July, I860, $135,000:
Provided, That no pait of tins appiopinUion shall be ex-
pended until tho title to the propeity putchased biiall have
been examined and approved by the Attorney Gencial of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Chairman, I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of line
one hundred and sixty:
Exploring Expedition.—To pay arrears due authois and
atttets of the exploring expedition, m pursuance of the act
of August 20, 1842, $11,036 26.
I am instructed by the Committee on the Li-
brary to offer that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it my duty to raise
a point of order in regard to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is
made, the Chair must decide the amendment out
of order.
Mr. PETTIT. Before the decision is made,
I would like to make a suggestion to the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. PETTIT. I submit that this is the proper
place for the amendment if it comes in atall. This
is a matter v.iueh by law was placed within the
control of the Joint Committee on the Library,
and this section of the bill relates to the Library
of Congress. I apprehend, then, that it is so
nearly connected with the subject as to make it
applicable. It the Chair rules otherwise, I shall
propose it or an additional section to come in at
the end of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only wish to say, that if
the amendment would be appropriate to any ap-
propriation bill, it is a deficiency. The Commit-
teeflf Waysand Means considered it and rejected
it. I therefore deemed it my duty to make the
point of ouler.
Mr. PETTIT. I have only one word to say,
in reply to tho gentleman. What is now pro-
posed is no deficiency at all, and for this reason:
the act of 2Gth August, 1842, which directed the
publication of the results of the exploring expe-
dition, put that publication completely within the
control of the Joint Committee on the Library.
As a consequence of that, and making use of the
powers belonging to that committee, they entered
into various contracts wuh authors and artists,
the amount to be paid to each of whom was to
depend on estimates, to bo afterwards made by
the Joint Committee on the Library. That has
only been done at this time, and therefore the
appropriation asked for is not a deilciency. The
amount could not be paid till the estimate had
been agreed upon by the Library Committee. I
submit, therefore, that this is no deficiency.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to its
original judgment, and rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr. BRANCH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of line nine hundred
and sixty:
And hereafter the Superintend<ntt of PuMic l>rmrrn<;s.hatl
submit toCongie.^', at the commencement ot each M> Mont
detailed estimates foi the snm'-ueqmied forthe Government
punting office ; and he .shall also submit a u.po:t, >Uo\vn)jr
the payments made duung the preceding jear under ln 
direction.
The object of my amendment is, that Congress
lljay have a practical control over the expendi-
tures to he made in the Government printing office.
That is to be a very large establishment—one
which will be peculiarly liable to abuses', and I
think that the very best security we can1 take
against abuses in that establishment, will be to
insist, at the very outset, on the strictest respons-
ibility on the part of all those connected with it;
and that Congress shall have the means of. judg-
ing whether the money appropriated by law has
been judiciously and properly expended. The
item in this appropriation bill is, I presume,to be
expended by the Government printing office. We
find here—and I make no complaint of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means for
it—that the whole appropriation for printing—
§70,000—is put in in a lump, without any items
or details at all as to the manner in which ther
money is to be used. I have*no doubt that the
Committee of Ways and Means have examined
that matter, and know that the money is to be
properly used. But I think that, if we require the
Superintendent of Printing hereafter to tell us in
advance the particular items for which the money
will be required, we will have taken one of the
very best securities that we can take against
abuses in the Government printing office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line two hundred
and eighty-three:
For blank books, binding, office furniture, carpeting, two
daily news-papers published in the city of Washington, files
and papcis, bounty land service, and miscellaneous items,
$i,0U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose to amend, by
striking out the following clause in the bill:
" For additional clerks in the General Land Office, under
the act of 3d March, 1855, granting bounty land, and lor la-
boiors employed therein, $58,400 : Provided, That the See-
rctaiv of the Interior, at his discretion, shall be, and he in
hereby, authorized to u^e any portion of said appropriation
for piece work, or by the day, week, month, or year, at
Mich rate or rates as he may deem just and fair.7'
This is a special appropriation, providing for
operations in the Land Office occasioned by the
bounty land act of 1855, granting bounty lands to
the old soldiers. The business arising under that
la\v""haK, in a great measure, been completed; and
I understand that there are in the Land Office a
great many more clerks than there is business for.
I have understood, for example, that some of the
clerks have only for their daily labor to fill up the
blanks in twenty-five land patents that are laid
on their desk, and then taken away—an amount
of labor which any ordinary scrivener could per-
form in Ipss than an hour.
It is the same in the other Departments of the
Government. There are in all the Departments
many more clerical employes than are necessary.
They arc merely a burden on the public Treas-
ury. The clerks for whom this clause provides
payment are so manifestly unnecessary that I am
opposed to having an appropriation made for their
further continuancc in office. The omission of
this item will be a sufficiently significant expres-
sion of opinion on the part of Congress to the
Secretary of the Interior, that he should discharge
that portion of the clerical force of his Depart-
ment, I therefore hope that it will be struck out,
and then we will not, of course, have an estimate
made for it again.
Mr. SHERMAN. The clerical force of this
Department has been \eiy much reduced within
the last year or two. At the last session of Con-
gress the Committee of Ways and Means ad-
- dressed to the Commissioner of Public Lands a
letter of inquiry in regard to the duties of the
clerks m his department, and as to the necessity
of keeping them. His reply was entirely satis-
factory. It showed that although a great portion
of the duties of the office had been discharged, yet
the number of applications to be constantly acted
upon required the force then asked for. That
force was granted. This thing must be, as a mat-
i tei of com so, left to the discretion of these officers;
and I think that if we were to act in the dark and
reduce the clerical force of the Departments, with-
out full information on the subject, we might do
; great inptry to the public service- I trust, thcre-
  fore, that the original appropriation will be made.
; We must depend, to some extent, on the discre-
| tion of these executive officers.
| The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
■ amendment; and it was no-t agreed to.
