1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MAYNARD. £ would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of "Ways and Means
whether there lias been any reduction of clerical
forcc in the Pension Office ? We know, as a mat-
ter of fact, that the business of that officehas been
reduced one half or three fourths within the last
two years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am happy to say that the
appropriation for that office is about $27,000 less
than that of last year. There is, therefore, a
decrease.
Mr. MAYNARD. That-is about twenty-five
per cent, diminution. Is the chairman of Hie
Committee of Ways and Means satisfied that this
is as great a reduction as can be made consist-
ently with the public service?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is. It has been
made by the transfer of clerks from that bureau
to other bureaus, where their services seemed to
be indispensably necessary.
I move the following amendment, to come in
after the word "warrants," in line three hundred
and seventy-six :
And for contingent expanses, under net of 3d March, 1855,
granting bounty lands, and amendatory act of 4th May, 1856,
(or patents and other records, stationery, and miscellaneous
items on account of boiyity-Iand under said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VA NDEVER. I offer the followingamend-
ment, to come in after the clause:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Kansas and
Nebraska, and the clerks in his olhce, $ 8,300: Provided,
That irom and alter J use 30, 1861, the surveyor geneial's
oIKcc for Kansas and N6f)raska shall be discontinued ; that
the office of the sutveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa
bhali be removed from Dubuque to Sioux city, in the State
of Iowa; und that Kansas and Nebraska shall be added
to the district now composed of Wisconsin and Iowa
and the Territory of Minnesota, commonly called Dakota;
which, together, shall hereafter compose one surveying
district; the surveyor general for which shall receive'the
same compensation heretofore allowed survcyois general
for either of said districts; and so much of the money as is
heieiu appropriated for clerks, fuel, books, stationery, and
, other incidental expenses of the said surveyor general's
offices, as they inve heretofore existed, as may be neces-
sary, be and the s-ame is hereby appiopriated for the re-
moval of the books and records to the new surveyor gen-
eral's ortlee at Sioux Oity, and tor the support theieof:
Jlnd provided further, That Wisconsin shall be added to
the surrey or general of Minnesota.
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, will have the
effect of discontinuing- one of the offices of surveyor
general; making one office less, and consequently
reducing the cost of the service. At present, Min-
nesota is a surveying district by itself. The sur-
veys in Iowa are nearly completed; and we are in-
formed by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that, in the course of a year or tw$, all the
records will be ready to be handed over to the
General Land Office. I have on my desk a letter
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
stating that the office in Iowa cannot, for the pres-
ent, be discontinued without detriment to the pub-
he service. It simply proposes, for the present
time, to add that to Kansas and Nebraska, and
to remove the office to Sioux City, on the Mis-
souri river, contiguous to the lands of Kansas,
Nebraska, Dakota, and Iowa—the western part
of that State near the Missouii river embracing
almost all of the unsurveyed lands within the
limits of the State. My amendment will reduce
the amount necessary to be appropriated.
This matter was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, by a resolution introduced into
this House from the Committee of Ways and
Means. The Committee on Public Lands, under
that resolution, applied for information to the De-
partment of the Interior, or rather to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. I have
here several letters in response to the inquiries of
the Committee on Public Lands. The substance
of them is to the effect tfrat the surveyor general's
office in Iowa cannotat present be dispensed with
without serious detriment to the public service.
Itis recommended thatthcconsolidation proposed
shall be made, and that Iowa shall be added to
the district. It is recommended that Kansas,
Nebraska, Dakota, and Iowa, compose one dis-
trict. The proposition to remove the surveyor
general's office to Sioux City is included m the
amendment at my own instance.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the letters you have be
read.
Mr. VANDEVER. Here they are.
The Clerk read, as follows:
GuNfcRAL Land Office, December 27, 1860.
Sir: The resolution adopted in the House of Represent-
atives on tile 19th, and filed in this office by you on the
21st instant, inquires, " whether any of the offices of the
surveyors general can be discontinued without detriment
to the public service." I have, therefore, the honor to re-
port :
That the first section of an act, approved June 12,1840,
" For the discontinuance of the office of surveyor general
in the several districts," &c., (Statutes at Laige, vol. 5,
page 384, and amendatory act ot January 22,1853, vol. 10,
page 152,) confer sufficient authority for the discontinuance
of suiveyois general offices ; and, puisuant to the same,
the following offices have been closed: For the surveying
district of Mississippi, in 1849; of Alabama, in 1850; north-
west of the Ohio, in 1857; and of Arkansas, in 1859.
That there exist at* the present time eleven different
offices of surveyors general in operation, to wit:
1. At St. Louis, Missouri, for the surveying district of
Illinois and Missouri.
2. At Donaldsonville, Louisiana, for the surveying dis-
trict of Louisiana, both of which arc in contemplation -of
being discontinued at an eaily period.
3. At St. Augustine, Florida, for the surveying district
of Florida.
4. At Dubuque, Iowa, for the surveying district of Wis-
consin and Iowa, and the Territory of Minnesota, com-
monly*known as Dakota.
5. At St. Paul, Minnesota, for the surveying district of
Minnesota.
6. At Nebraska City, Nebraska Territory, for the sur-
veying district of Kansas and Nebraska.
7. At Santa Fe, New Mexico, for the surveying district
of New Mexico.
8. At San Fiancisco, California, for the surveying dis-
trict of California.
9. At Eugene City, Oregon, for the surveying district of
Oregon.
10. At Olympia, Washington Territory, for the survey-
ing district of Washington Territory; and
11. At Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, for the surveying
diNtnct of Utah Tcirttoiy.
The foregoing offices of the surveyors general, numbered
3 to 11, both inclusive, cannot, in the opinion ot this office,
be discontinued within the present, or perhaps next fiscal
year, without detriment to the public service under the
piovisions of the acts of Congress above mentioned,forthe
reason that these laws contemplate the completion of the
surveys in a whole district before winding up; and this lias
not hfPii done in toto in these districts.
It will be observed, however, that No. 4 is a surveying
district, consisting of, first. State of Iowa; second, Stateof
Wisconsin ; third, Minnesota, or Dakota, Territory.
The surveys in fotva are completed; yet there is a large
amount of offiee-woik, requiring, perhaps, a couple years
to complete, which must be done before the surveying
archives can !>p tran*f«'ired to the State authorities. If
Congress should confci power upon the Depaitjnent tor
consolidation ot surveying distiicts, oi annexing them to
others, containing als-o auihotily lor transfer of location of
surveyors general offices, in cases of such consolidation,
then the Iowa portion of districtNo. 4 could be attached to,
say, the Kansas and Nebraska district office, now at Ne-
braska City, and Dakota to Minnesota, leaving, if deemed
proper, Wisconsin as a separate district.
The lesolution filed by you, in this office, is herewith
returned.
1 have the honor to bo, respectfully, vour obedient ser-
vant, JOSEPH'S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. William Vakdkver, of the Committee of Public
Lands, house of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, December 31, I860.
Sir: 1 have the honor to inclose the letter of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, of the 27th instant,
in relation to the silivejwg di&tnets and surveyors general
offices, and proposed change' therein. I approve this let-
ter, except as to the form of a consolidation, suggested in
the iast paragraph. I think it would be a bettei arrange-
ment to attach Iowa, ami the Terntory called Dakota, to
the Nebraska distiiot, and Wisconsin to the Minnesota dis-
trict; thus i educing the number of offices without detriment
to the public service.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. W. Vandever, of Committee on Public Lands, United
States House of Representatives.
Mr. COBB. Lot mo cxactly understand this
proposition moved by the gentleman from Iowa.
As 1 understand, lie moves that the surveyor
general's office shall be removed from the place
where it now is, that is, from Nebraska City, to
Sioux City.
Mr. VANDEVER. I merely propose to add
Dakota and Iowa to the district of Kansas and
Nebraska, and to remove the office to Sioux City.
Mr. COBB. There is no motion, then, to abol-
ish the surveyor general's office in Iowa. Itis
proposed to add Iowa to the Kansas district.
Now, sir, the public lands in Iowa have all, or
nearly all, been surveyed, while the public lands
in Kansas, Nebraska, and Dakota have not been
surveyed. Yet the gentleman from lowa boldly
offers in this House .a proposition to remove the
surveyor general's office from Nebraska City to
Sioux City; to remove it from Nebraska Terri-
tory into the State of Iowa. He proposes, in
other words, to remove that office from the Ter-
ritoues, where the lands are not yet surveyed,
to a State where they are all surveyed. Do not
gentlemen, at the mere statement of the proposi-
tion, at once perceive its injustice with regard to
m.
■..t > -m%
Kansas, Nebraska, and Dakota? Is it fair, is it
jijst, to remove thu^ surveyor general's office off
some five or seven hundred miles?, Ought it1#
be removed into the gentleman's State, where
the public lands have been surveyed? Is there &
particle of justice in the proposition. 'I believe it .
is recommended that the surveyor general 'soffice
in Iowa be abolished. I forget, at this moment,
where it is located." ' - "
Mr., ALDRICH. It is located at Dabuque.
Mr. COBB. It is recommended that that office
at Dubuque shall be abolished. I do not see wi)y
it should be abolished. It is not only not pro-
posed to abolish that office, but it is even moved
by the gentleman from Iowa, that the',office
shall be removed from Nebraska to Sioux City,
in that State; thus compelling the people of the
Territories to travel five or seven hundred miles
further than they now have to do. As 1 have
already stated, it is proposed to rertiove the offices
from the Territories where'the' lands "are npt sur-
veyed, to where they are nearly all surveyed.
There is no justice in the proposition. .Why, theft',
should we ao this acknowledged injustice to the
Territories of Kansas, Nebraska, "and Dakota?
Let the office remain where it ought to be, in the
Territories where the lands remain to be surveyed.
Mr. VANDEVER. I can, by a simple explan-
ation, remove the objection of the gentleman from
Alabama. Even admitting all the statements'of
the gentleman to be correct, I do not see that the
injustice would be so glaring as the gentleman
suggests it would. It would not be so glaring
even if the instructions for surveying the public
lands in any of these Territories were- required
to emanate from Washington city, or from any
point inside or outside of the States. In the prog-
ress of things, these surveys will continue but a
few years longer. It is a matter of comparatively
little importance to the people in the Territories
where the office of the surveyor general may be
located. The people at large have little or no busi-
ness to do witli the surveyor general's office.
They do not have any business with it until the
completion of the surveys, and the records are
handed over to the State authorities. The gen-
tleman from Alabama knows that even to-day ths
most of the information sought for from the va-
rious surveying districts is sought for in the oity
of Washington. The most of the info/mation
desired is procured from the General Land Office
in this city. The surveyors of the United States
are not authorized to enter into general corre-
spondence with the people of their land districts.
It is proper that they should not, and that the in-
formation should bo sought for at the General
Land Office.
Another thing: here is a vast body of unsur-
veyed land within the limits of Dakota. Settlers
are crowding into that Territory; and if the gen-
tleman's argument be a gaod one, the people of
that Territory may justly complain that this
office is now so far off upon the Missouri river.
Sioux City, however, is a central point. Missouri  
river divides Iowa from the opposite Territory,
and it does not matter whether this office is upon
the one or the other bank of the river. Sioux
City is the terminus of a railway which will soon
be completed and in operation. It is easy of ac-
cess from all points on the Missouri river. It is
a safe as well as a proper place to serve as the
depository for the records of surveys. It is a
place where deputy surveyors may speedily
receive their supplies to fit them for the field. I
offer the amendment. It is recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior, as well as by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
The CHAIRM/1N. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. COBB. I was not aware before that the
gentleman's speech was being made in my time.
I will respond to what he has said. It isnotonly
the people at large who are interested; but the
surveyors themselves, who contract to do the
surveying, are also interested. Suppose a man
takes a contract to survey Dakota: is it fair to
compel him logo all the way to Sioux City, in the
State oflowa? Idonot myself perceive the feast
necessity for establishing this.surveyor general's
office at Sioux City, when all the lands'io Iowa
have been surveyed; when, sir, no lands are left
for survey.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
