1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
vious question will apply to all the propositions
reported by the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. BOCOCK. I stated exactly the reverse.
The report of that committee embraces four dis-
tinct disconnected propositions, each to be con-
sidered by itself—as entirely distinct as if they
had been reported by four different committees.
Only one bill or proposition can come up at n
time; and the previous question, if it is ordered,
will apply only to one,andupon theamendments
that are pending to it. When that is disposed of,
the next will come up and be disposed of in the
same way; and so on with the whole four.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is right in his statement, so far as it pertains
to the order in which the propositions must be
disposed of. I desire to say, however, that, as I
understand it, my colleague is at liberty to pro-
pose his amendment to his original pioposition,
as reported from the committee. The two amend-
ments, as I understand them, are in the nature of
substitutes. They are to strike out the original
proposition, and to insert other matter in its place.
Now, before the vote is taken upon striking out,
I think my colleague has the right to amend his
original proposition, by way of perfecting it.
Mr. BOCOCK, Does the gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the committee of thirty-three,
propose to perfect his series of propositions?
Mr.CORWIN. Yes, sir..
Mr. RUST. Mr. Speaker, I want to know what
is the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwtn] is upon the floor, entitled to dis-
cuss the questions in reference to the resolutions.
All this desultory debate has been, by general con-
sent, out of order. The Chair understands that
the gentleman fiom Ohio demanded the previous
question upon the pending series of resolutions.
The gentleman then withdrew his demand foi the
pievious question, and is now entitled to the Hoor
under the rules of the House.
Mr. HINDMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to any further interruptions. I ask that the
gentleman from Ohio shall go on until ho has fin-
ished, and then yield the floor. I object to any
interruption from any source whatever.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know precisely what
amendments are pending?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make this re-
mark 
Mr. HINDMAN. I object to any interruption
to the remaiks of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order. -
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman cannot rise
to a question of order, unless it be upon the point
that the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio are
out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I have the right to rise to a
question of order. My question is this: there
are five different propositions reported by the com-
mittee of thirty-three. The consideration of these
propositions has been made a special ordei up to
this time, without regard to the order in which
they were repoited. They were reported simul-
taneously, but all relate to different subject-mat-
ters. I think the gentleman from Ohio has now
the right to call up any one of them he pleases.
As I understand him, he desires to call up the
proposition to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Then that is the proposition before
the House for its decision.
Mr. HINDMAN. Now, sir, I call for a decision
upon the question of order raised by the gentle-
man fiom Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that all these interruptions are out of order.
The gentleman from Ohio, having withdrawn his
demand for the previous question, is in order to
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Piielps] rose to a point of order. I call
for a decision upon that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order was well taken.
Mr. HINDMAN. What was his point of
order ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not called upon
to state that. The gentleman from Ohio will pro-
ceed.
Mr. CORWIN. According to the statement
made by the gentleman from Missouri, and ac-
ceded to by the Chair, I find that 1 was correct in
my original position, that I had the right to call j
up any one of this series of resolutions for a vote.
There are two amendments pending—one in the
nature of a substitute, and the other an amend-
ment to that upon which I suppose a vote would
now be taken according to parliamentary law.
But I am entitled to perfect the original proposi-
tion before a vote is taken upon an amendment to
strike out and substitute. I therefore now offer
the amendment which I have sent to the Chair,
to be inserted after the preamble, instead of the
joint resolution. I ask the Clerk to read it, and
then I will demand the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object, and rise
to the question of order, that the gentleman can-
not move to perfect the original text of his report.
The amendment pending to that original text is
that offered by the gentleman from California; and
if any amendment is admissible at ail, it is as an
amendment to that. I make that point of order.
Mr. CORWIN. My amendment has been de-
cided to be in order, and I now move the previous
question upon it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for a decis-
ion upon my point of order. In other words, it
is that there cannot be two amendments m the
first degree, both pending to the original text.
The gentleman from California has offered his
amendment; and any amendment that is admis-
sible must be an amendment to that.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has the right to
perfect any part of the original text before the
motion to strike out is put.
. Mr. CORWIN. The Chair has decided the
question of order. There is an amendment al-
ready pending in the nature of a substitute. I
move to perfect the original text, and I have called
the previous question.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio has called the previous ques-
tion; and, as nobody seems to understand how
this matter is, I will move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr.BARR. I rise to aquestion of order. How
did the gentleman from Illinois get the floor to
move an adjournment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
yielded it.
Mr. BARR. The gentleman certainly did not
yield it for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
demanded the previous question, and could hold
the floor no longer. The motion to adjourn was
then properly in order. The gentleman from Illi-
nois obtained the floor, and made the motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the House ad-
journs now, what will be the condition of the pend-
ing question r
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first thing
in the morning, after the morning hour. This ob-
ject has been made the special order until disposed
of.
Mr. FOUKE. Is it in order to move that the-
House adjourn until this evening'
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T am ap-
pealed to by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to withdraw my motion to ad-
journ, m oider that we may go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to take
up one of the appropriation bills.
Mr.BURNETT. Itcannotbe withdrawn. We
intend to have a \ote on the report of the select
committee of thirty-three. We ought to meet the
question fairly and squarely now.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G4, nays 110; as follows:
YEArt—Me^sr*. Alley, Ashley, Beale, Blair, Blake, Bo-
cock, Buflmton, Buihruiame, Bumiiam, Carter. Ca:-e, Co-
burn, Covode. Cox, Runon Cnu<^, John G. "Davis, J)e
Jamette. Delano, DuoJl, Ed^citon, edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Farnswoith, Fcnton. Feiry, Garnett, Gooch, Graham,
Glow, Hickman. Hindman. Hutching Irvine, Kilgore, De-
Witt C. Leach, Leake, Let;, Loomis,, Lovcjoy, Marston,
McKcan, iWoit-e. I'ei ly, Potter, Prvor, E hvm R. Reynolds,
John II. Reynolds, l(o\ce, rWsrwick, Somes, Stevens,
William Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins, Tiain, Wnklron,
Walton, O.ulwaUuW Washburn, Elhhu H. Washburne,
WdK Wilson. Wmdom, and Woodruff—5 1.
NAVS--Me--r:. chailcs F. Adams, Green Adams,
Adraiti. Aldi<cb. Thohid* L. Adderson, William C. Ander-
son. Avery. Babbitt, Ban. Boteier. Rouhgny,
Biab-<m, Branch. Bitivton,Biig£^,l}iistow, Brown, Buicb,
Burnett. Biitteihcld, Campbell, Horace l<\ Clark, John B.
Clark, ("lark B. Cochrane. John Cochrane, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Convin, James Craig, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Dunn, Edmundson, English, Florence, Fouke,
Frank, Gilmer, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, John
T. Harris. Ilatton, Helmick, Hoard, IJolman, William
Tlowatd, Hushes, Humphrey, Junkin, Francis W. Kellqgg,
Kenyon, KiHinger, Lo^an, Lorrgnecker, MalJory, Chfctrles
D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, MeClernand, Me-
Kenty, McKnight, McPherson, Million, Montgomery,
Laban T. Mouiy, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nooll, Clin, Palmer, Pettit, Pey-
ton, Piielps, Porter, Pottie, Quarles, Riggs, Christopher
Robinson, James C. Robinson, Rust. Scott, Scran ton,Sher-
man, Simms, William N. H. Smith, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout,
Stratton, Theaker, Thomas, Trimble, Vallandlgham,
Vance, Verree* Wade, Webster, Whitclev, Winslow, and
Wood—110. *
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. STRATTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Nixon, had been compelled to leave the
House because of indisposition.
Mr. BRANCH made the same statement in
reference to his colleague, Mr. Ruffin.
Mr. CRAIGE, of Missouri, moved to dispense
with the reading of the names.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CORWIN obtained the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not pos-
session of the floor to submit that motion.
Mr. CORWIN. It appearing that we cannot
have a vote this evening on these propositions in
a way becoming the decorum of the Congress of
the United States, I therefore, sir
Mr.HICKMAN. Ithoughtthatit wasalwajcg
in order to move that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion would be' in
order if the gentleman had the floor to make it.
Mr. CORWIN. If the gentleman will hear
mo one minute, 1 am sure that he will not submit
such a motion. I understand that I am author-
ized to offer the amendment read by the Clerk at
the desk. 1 will state to the House that all I
desire now is that it will give me the previous ques-
tion upon that amendment. Then we can adjourn,
and take another night for reflection. When we
return, I have no doubt that we will be in a better
mood to vote. [Cries of " Vote to-night!"]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the only propositions before the House are
those contained m the resolutions. Those have
only been read a first and second time, and the
gentleman from Ohio now demands the previous
question on their passage. We have not come to
the joint resolution. That is a matter entirely
separate and distinct from the propositions con-
tained in the other resolutions. The joint reso-
lution, too, has never been read a first and second-
time.
Mr. STANTON. The Journal shows the con-
trary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
from the Clerk that the Journal shows precisely
what I have stated.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
The Chair has already decided this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I desire the point I make to
be settled. My point of order being first made,
must be first settled.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
first series of resolutions have been read the first
and second time; and that thoy must be postponed
or disposed of before any other resolution can be
acted on.
Mr. CORWIN. I now move that the further
consideration of these resolutions be postponed,
as I have already indicated; and on that motion
I demand the* previous question.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion that the res-
olutions shall be postponed indefinitely :
Mr. CORWIN. I move that they be postponed
until after the vote shall be taken on the other
resolution.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that there be a call'
of the House, to see whether there is a quorum
present; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and i.ay^.
Mr. MiLLSON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that this House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the floor o* a question of order.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to question of order. I
insist, that my motion is in order.
