THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The SPEAKER. Only one question of order
is in &tder frt a time."
Mv. POTTER. I appeal from that decision;
and on that appeal I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That is not a de-
cision from which the gentleman can take an
appeal.
Mr, MILLSON. The gentleman from Wis-
consin himself Can hardly believe that he can take
tfte floor from, me to move that the House ad-
journ. • * •
Mr. Speaker, I now make my point of order
with a view of preventing the opportunity being
lost of availing myself of it. It is this: the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] has just moved
to postpone; and I make the point of order that
the Chair has already'decided, and his decision
was received by the flouse without appeal, that
the gentleman from Ohio, chairman of the select
committee, had the right to select and call up any
of the propositions reported from that committee.
The gentleman from Ohio then indicated the res-
olutions that he would call up. The Chair held
that it was his right to do so, and that decision,
as I have said, was acquiesccd in. I hold, under
the decision of the Chair, that the gentleman has
the right to call up these resolutions, and that
they are the only question before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. That does not dispose of
my motion that there be a call of the House, upon
which I have demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will, with the
permission of the House,explain to thegentleman
from Virginia that there has been a misapprehen-
sion. The first resolutions have been read a first
and second time. That was not remembered by
the Chair-, and therefore it is necessary to get
them out of the way before the House can take
up the other resolution. That was the difference
between the two cases. The Chair decided that,
if thegentleman from Ohio had come in with these
propositions, courtesy would have allowed him
to go on with them when he pleased; but the
House having distinctly before it one of them,
and having read it the first and second time, that
must be postponed or disposed of before we can
take up the sccond.
Mr. MILLSON. The Chair may have de-
cided rightly or wrongly; but the Chair dccidcd,
and the House acquiesced in the decision, and it
bccame the decision of the Chair and of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under a mis-
apprehension ns to the fact—a loading fact, which
altered the decision. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania now asks for a call of the House; and
upon that motion demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. POTTER. 1 rise to apnvileged question.
I move that the House adjourn; and upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman can make no motion, except
from his seat. I call for the reading of the 57th
rule. I insist upon that point.
Mr. POTTER. All I have to say is, that the
remark is worthy of lis source—the gentleman
from Ohio.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—.'Me^-rs. Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Huflinton, IJurltngame, (Htrnham, Carey, Carter,
Case, Cobtirn, Covode, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Edgcrton, tidwards, Eliot, Fenton, Frank, Goooh, Graham,
Grow. Hickman, Ilindman, Ilutchins, Irvine, DeWitt 0.
Leach, Leake, Loo, Longneckei, Lovejoy, Marion, Mc-
Kean,Mim-e, I'eriy, rotter, Edwin R. Reynolds, Scdgvvick,
Sherman, s?omos, William {Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins,
Train, Waldron. Cndwaladcr C. Washburn, Etlihu B.
Wa-ihburue. Wells, Wilson, and Wtndom—53.
NAYri—Me sh. Chailea F. Adam-:, Gieen Adamf, Ad- i
ram, Aldrich, William C. Anderson, Avery, Barr, Bairet, :
Botcler, Bouhguy, I iab>ori, Branch, Biayton, Driggs Bu^- |
tow. Blown, Bureh, Burnett, Butterfield, C.iinpbeil, Horace
F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane John Coch-
rane, Colfax, Conklinjj, Coiwin, Cox, Jame-s Ciais, Curtis, :
H. Winter Davis, De Jarnette, Dunn, Edinunrt^on, Ely, ,
English, Ferry,Flonince,FoukevGmlov, Hair-. Hall, Ham-
ilton. John T. Harris, Harton, Tldmiek, Hoard. Holman, ;
William Howard, William A. Ilowaid, Hughes, Hum-
phrey, Jenkm-, Jurikin, Kenyon, ICilgoie, Killmyer, Kmi- 1
kci, Larrahee, Logan, Loom!-, Malloiy, Charles 0. Martin, '
Elbert 3. Maitin, Majnard, McCletnand, McKentv, Me- ,
Phor&nn, Miilson, Montgomery, Labau T. Moore, Moot- I
head,MornU, Edward Joy Morns., I^aac N. Morns, Nel-
son, Niblark, Noell, Pettit. Peyton. Phelps, Potter, Pottle, j
Pryor, (iuarles. Rice, liiggs, Chustoplipr Robinson, Itovee, -
Rust, Scott. Seraaton, s*ickle«, William N. II. ^imth,
Spautding. tfpirmor, Sunton, Stoven.on, Jauien A. Ftow- ■'
art, Stoke*, Stout, Stratton, Theakcr, Thomas, Valkuidig- >!
ham, Vance, Verree., Wade, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood,
and Wright—113.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ASHLEY moved that he be excused from
voting.
Mr. POTTER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion duringthe call of the roll.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. Upon that motion, I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon that I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 25, noes 98.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. Upon that, I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers upon the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were oidercd; and Messrs. Cox and
Moorhead were appointed
The House divided; and the tellers reportcd—r
ayes 61, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that,
when this House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Friday next; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays, and ask for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. McPherson,
and Smith of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas^t, nays 154; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Dawes, Garne.tt, Irvine, ajid Potter—4.
NAYS—Mc^rs. Cliaiies F. AdauH, Gieen Adams, Ad-
min, Aldrich, Allev, William C, Andcidon, Ashley, Avery,
Babbitt, Bair, Banet, Beale, Bmshain, Blan, Boeock,
Boielcr, Biabson, Branch, P.rayton, Brigs-*, Bristow,
Blown, BulTmton, Bnieti, Biirljng'une, Burnlrum, Buttur-
th'ld, Campbell, Caivj. Caitcr. Ca«-e, iloiace F. Clatk, John
P). Clark, Cohm u, Cl.uk l>. Coehiane, John Cochrane, Col-
fat, Conkling, Corwin, Cox, Curtis, H Winter Davis, John
G. Davis, L>c Jarnette, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Eilgerton, Bd-
mtimkon, Kdwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsvvorth,
Fenton, Feiry, Florence, Fouke, Fiank, Gilmer, Gooch,
Giaham, Glow, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Has-
kio, ilattori, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Holmnn, William
A. Howard, Iluohes, Humphrey, Hutehms, Jenkins, Jun-
kin, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Kunkel, Lanabee, Leake,
Logan, LoiigiicckeijLovrjo}, Malloiy, M.uston, Chailci D.
Martin, Elbm S Martin, Maynard, McClernand, MeKcan,
McKentv, McPherson, Million, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Moi nil, Udwatd Joy Mortis, Isaac N. Morris, Nel-
son, Niblack, Noell, Palmei, IViry, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps,
Portei, Pottle, Pryoi, Q,naile.-, Edwin R. Reynold^, Rice,
Christopher Uobm^on. Jamc^ C. Robinson, iloyce,
Scott, Scranton, Stickles., Minims, WilUam N. H. Smith,
Some*, Spanldtng, Stanton, James, A. Sfcwait, William
Stewart, Stoker. J^tout, Stratton, Tappan, Theakcr, Thom-
ai,Tompkins, Tiain, Vallaiulii hru:i,Vance,Veiree, Wade,
VValdion. CndwaladerC. Wa.hbnin, Elhhu B. Wasliburne,
Wells, Whitelev, Wilson, Windom, Wmslow, Wood,
Woodrull', and Wugbt—131.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Dunns? the call of the roll,
Mr. VALLANDIGliAM said: I desire in-
formation upon one point. I understand that the
struggle is to sustain the previous question to-
night. I understand further, that if the previous
question be sustained, the effect will he to cut off
the amendments of the jri. nthjman from Califor-
nia and the gentleman from Virginia, which lat-
ter is the Crittenden propositions. The motion
is to postpone the pending resolutions, and those
amendments were moved as amendments to this
pending resolution. If they be postponed, the
amendments arc carried over with them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman fiom Ohio, that those amendments were
offered to another set of resolutions which are
not before the House at this time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. if that be so,
which as a point of parliamentary law is wrong,
I think 1 will vote against an adjournment,
whether it be until to-morrow, or until Friday.
I vote 'J no."
I desire to state also, that Mr. Webster is
paired off with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania. *
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, said: Before I
vote, 1 hope the House will allow me to ask one
question, which touches the comfort of every
gentleman present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If an oppor-
tunity is given to respond to the gentleman from
Maryland, I will not object.
Mr. HARRIS of Maryland. I hope my friend
from Illinois will be allowed to answer my ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can make no
conditions.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Well, let me ask
my question. It seems to me that, unless we are
going to reap some practical result from this con-
test between the friends and the opponents of a
vote to-night, it is scarcely worth while to pro-
long the fight. It gentlemen are going for an ad-
journment now, and are honest in their opinions
expressed privately, that if we adjourn now they
will come into the House to-morrow, and will not,
by any parliamentary tactics, postpone a direct
vote upon these propositions, I shall be in favor
of an adjournment. If, however, we are, by ad-
journment, simply to postpone the fight between
the opponents and the friends of these proposi-
tions, I think we ought to go through with the
fight now. The q«estion which I desire to ask
of the gentleman from Illinois is, what is the rea-
son for this opposition, and whether we cannot
come to some understanding as to the future ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of"'Illinois. I can speak
only for myself. I will say that I have no dispo-
sition whatever to filibuster in this matter. I
have expressed no such intention. I have merely
desired that we, upon this side, might have a vote
upon what we believe to be a substantial propo-
sition, and which we understood we were to be
allowed to have. But, in the course pursued by
the honorable chairman of the committee of thirty-
three, we think we have seen an intention upon
his part to deprive us of a vote upon that prop-
osition. And what I said to the gentleman from
Maryland privately, I can now state publicly. If
it can be understoodthatwecan haveavoteupon
the proposition to which I have referred to-mor-
row, we are prepared to come here and vote upon
all these propositions, without any delay what-
ever.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the House
will now listen to the gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the committee of thirty-throe.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope the gen-
tleman from Illinois will indicate the propositions
he desires to get a vote upon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
but two propositions that I care particularly about.
One of them is the resolution reported from the
committee by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tappan] and thegentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr, Washburn.] I am in favor of that
proposition, and I desire to vote upon it. The other
is the proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Kel-
logg,] which I am opposed to, but which I de-
sire to see a vote upon.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. I desire, if any
adjustment is made of this matter—and I certainly
hope that some understanding will be had that
we shall have a vote on all these propositions—
that a vote shall be had on the proposition which
I offered. It does seem to me that we should
agree to have a vote upon all these propositions
to-monow, and adjourn now. These are import-
ant matters before the country, and it is due that
they should be voted upon as gentlemen may de-
sire to present them. I do hope that both sides
of this Rouse—or both sides of this question, I
should more properly say—will consent to some
such adjustment as has been indicated, and to-
morrow we can come here and have a square vote
upon all these various propositions.
Mr. SIMMS. I hope this side of the House
will not agree to any such understanding.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to every proposi-
tion except in the regular order.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
( Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Now, Mr.
Speaker, my simple and honest purpose was not
to create any additional flurry in the House, hut
to see if we could not, as sensible men. £et over
this difficulty, and ascertain what is mutually de-
