278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
The Clerk proceeded with Hhe reading of the
bill. 11
Mr. BRANCH. I presume that the appropri-
ations made in this bill for the public printing are
with a view to its being executed in the Govern-
ment printing office ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Such is the law.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"For paper and printing of the Executive Departments,
Including the paper, punting, and binding the Biennial
Register and the annual statement of commerce and navi-
gation, and the paper and printing of the annual estimates
of appropriations, §55,000,"
Mr. PETTIT. I move to amend that para-
graph by adding the following:
Provided, That the preparation of the said Register shall
be made under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior.
Formerly, ^sir, this work was prepared by the
Secretary of State. It was when the Federal com-
missions were countersigned by him, and issued
under the seal then in his office. At this time
this duty more properly belongs to the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is it not the law now that
it shall be prepared in the Department of the In-
terior?
Mr. PETTIT. It is not the law. It was rec-
ommended at the last session by the Assistant
Secretary of State. It is proposed in a bill now
pending in the Senate; but with a view to reach
the nmuer at once, I have moved the amendment
now before the committee.
The question Was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend, by in-
serting the following:
For contingent expenses to reimburse Wilson Shannon,
while acting (Governor of the Temtory of Kansas, $156.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move the following amend-
ment:
For pioviding proper furniture for the new court-house
and post office at Indianapolis, Indiana, {§5,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that amendment in
order?
Mr. PORTER. The Government has nearly
completed this public building in Indianapolis,
and tliM3 furniture is necessary in order to allow
of its being occupied.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 raise the point of order, if
nobody else does.
Mr. PORTER. If we do not appropriate this
money, this building will not bo in ti condition to
be occupied for the purposes of a court-house and
a post office, for which it was designed. While
$120,000 has been appropriated for the erection
of this building, no appropriation has yet been
made for supplying it with the necessary furni-
ture. I hold that tiffs amendment is not out of
order. It is within the spirit of the rule of the
House, which is as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propuatiori bill*, or bo in order as an amendment thereto,
tor any expenditure not pieviou>ly authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations, lor such public wotks
and object-, as arc already in piojfl-ouh, and foj the contin-
gencies for carrying on the sevcial derailments of the Gov-
ernment."
This amendment must be considered as provid-
ing for the completion of a work now in progress
of construction. If thisfurniture be not provided,
the building cannot be used for the purposes for
which it was designed. 1 hold the amendment
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is some information
sometimes to be derived from the consideration of
these appropriation bills, and a sort of informa-
tion, too, very acceptable to the people, who want
to know where the money of this Government
goes to. On this 33d page of the bill provision
is made for the compensation of some thirty sub-
ordinates aiound the person of the President, and
among them I find that there are twenty-two la-
borers employed in the President's grounds and
garden, were is also a furnace keeper at a salary
of $600 a year. Those of us who do not know
any better, would suppose that those laborers
would be employed principally during the warm
season of the year, when they could work in the
garden, and the furnace keeper only in the winter
season when fires are necessary. It occurs tome,
that out of these twenty-two laborers, one might
be found, by rotation during the cold season, to
attend to the fires, without the necessity of em-
ploying an additional laborer for that purpose,
and that that item might be stricken out. I would
make the office of President as dignified a one as
possible, but I would rather that it should rest
more upon the character of the incumbent than
upon the number of subordinates placed around
him. I think we can dispense with that officer; and
therefore I move to strike out lines seven hundred
and eighty-six and seven hundred and eighty-
seven, which provide for a fireman.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, to come in just here:
For furnishing the President's House, to be expended
under the direction of the President, in addition to the pro-
ceeds of sale of such of the lurniture and equipage as may
be decayed and unfit for use, $20,000.
For introducing the Potomac water into the President's
House, $4,420.
I will state that the first appropriation is the
same as has heretofore been granted every four
years for refurnishing the President's House.
Four years ago'the sum was $28,000.
The second appropriation isforintroducingthe
Potomac water into the President's House. This
is deemed proper, not only for the safety of the
building, but for the health and convenience of
the inmates.
Mr. MAYNARD. I see in one of the papers
thatgive the public every thing which relates to the
private affairs of public men, that the President
elect was cither in, or about to be in, the city of
New York, to lay in furniture for the White
House. 1 do not know whether this appro-
priation is designed to cover those bills or not.
[Laughter.] But I am in favor of doing as much
for the incoming President as we did for the out-
going President.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. As the bill has now been read
through, I offer,as an amendment, the following
additional section:
Sec. 0. And be it further aiactcd, That there is hereby
fuither appropriated, in like manner, to pay arrears due
the authors and artists of the exploring expedition, in pur-
suance of the act of August 6, 1842, $11,036 20.
The appropriation which is asked for in this
additional section, is for the purpose of paying,
as it is expressed therein, the arrears due the
authors and artists connected with the exploring
expedition, under the act of August, 1842. The
Joint Committee on the Library were directed to
publish an account of the results of that expedi-
tion. The form, as well as the matter, of the publi-
cation, was prescribed by the law. The commit-
tee has been steadily pursuing that object,acting
merely as the right hand of Congress, without
any discretion of their own upon the subject. At
the last session of Congress, there being no ap-
propriation for this object, a suspension of the
work was practically made. The amount now
proposed to be appropriated, is due to scientific
gentlemen and artists who have been employed
by the committee in connection with that work;
and it is proper that it should be provided for in
this manner. I have already said that I have
moved this amendment under the direction of the
Joint Committee on the Library.
Mr. BRANCH. As usual, there is so much
noise and confusion that I cannot hear what is
going on. I would inquire whether I understood
the gentleman from Indiana to say that this
amount of money is necessary for the payment of
salaries during the ^ime this work has been sus-
pended by reason of the non-action of Congress?
Mr. PETTIT. In reply to the gentleman from
North Carolina, I will read the first section of the
act under which this work has been done. It is
enacted that—
" There shall be published under the supervision and di
rection of the Joint Committee on the Library an account
of the discoveries made by the exploring expedition under
the command of Lieutenant Wilkes of the United States
Navy ; which account shall be prepared with illustrations,
and published in a torm similar to the voyage of the Astro-
labe, lately published by the Government ot Fiance.M
The Committee on the Library, in 1842, and
subsequently, but all earlier than 1850, entered
into engagements with scientific gentlemen for the
purpose of embodying, in proper form, the scien-
tific results 'of that expedition. The contracts
made at that time stipulated, either in the pro-
gress or upon the completion of their work, a cer-
tain compensation. Appropriations have been
made from time,to time, and accordingly pay-
ments have been made from time to time, to tho
various persons connected with the work. There
is now this amount of arrears due to the several
gentlemen, all of whom, with one exception, are
scientific gentlemen, among whom are Agassiz,
Dr. Goula, and Professors Gray, Torry, Sulli-
vant, and others.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman states, as
chairman of the Joint Committee on the Library,
that this money is due, under the contract, I have
not a word to say in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. Such is the fact.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
further appropriated, in like manner, for the preparation
and publication of the charts of the exploring expedition
under the command of Captain O.Ringgold, United States
Navy, $7,500.
I will briefly explain the object of the amend-
ment. In 3852 Congress ordered the fittingoutof
an expedition for the purpose of making surveys
of the Straits of Sumatra, the northwestern coast
of Siberia, and of Behring Straits. In consequence
of indisposition, after certain duties had been per-
formed, Captain Ringgold ^tired from the expe-
dition, and the command was turned over to Lieu-
tenant Richards, of the Navy. Since then, appro-
priations have been made by Congress for the
purpose of publishing the charts and the results
attained by Lieutenant Richards. There is on
hand a large amount of useful information—and I
can speak of it from personal knowledge—which
ought to be published for the benefit of the Navy
and of commerce. This amendment simply pro-
poses to carry out the intention of Congress, under-
time law, that these results should be published to
the world. Of course, when an exploring expe-
dition is fitted out, it is not necessary, in the bill
authorizing it, to specify that the charts shall be
published. That follows as a necessary conse-
quence, because it is in that way alone that the
results of the expedition can be secured. I sub-
mit, therefore, that the amendment is not only
gcimanc to the purposes of the bill, but that there
are reasons, and the strongest possible reasons,
why the committee should adopt it.
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 raise the question of or-
der whether this is an appropriation that is .pro-
vided for by any existing law, and whether the
amendment is in order?
Mr. HUGHES. Before the Chair makes his
decision, I. would simply say that I supposed I
had met that objection already. An appropriation
was made under authority of law for the purpose
of fitting out this exploring expedition; and this
is merely a provision for the publication of the
results of that expedition, which must have been
contemplated when the law was passed. It can-
not be imagined for a moment that the Govern-
ment intended to send out an expedition for the
purpose of making surveys and explorations and
gathering results together, which were not to be
published. I contend, therefore, that this is a
direct result of the law of 1852, providing for the
fitting out of the expedition; otherwise all the
money you have expended upon it—and you have
expended agreat deal—would be thrown away, be-
cause these astronomical observations and sound-
ings are of no manner of use unless you give them
substance through charts and reports. This is a
necessary result—it is a. corollary from the previ-
ous legislation. It is therefore as directly under
the authority of law as any expenditure which
could have been made under the law of 1852.
Mr. VANDEVER. I do not regard it as ne-
cessary to carry on the regular operations of the
Government.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Iowa insist on his point of order?
Mr. VANDEVER. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. PORTER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Sfc.— . And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
further appropriated, for completing and providing proper
furniture for the new court-house and post office at Indi-
anapolis, Indiana, $5,000.
