1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sired. I would like very much if the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Corjvin,] who has the manage-
ment of this matter—with which I do not design
to interfere at all—would state what his purposes
are; and whether thegentleman from Illinois (Mr.
Washburnk] and lusfriends cannotbcaccommo-
dated in accordance with the views of the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. TAPPAN. If the gentleman from Mary-
land will allow me, I desire to say one word. I
believe there are but two propositions which gen-
tlemen upon this side of trie House desire to have
voted on. One of them is the resolution which
I myself moved as a substitute for the report of
the honorable chairman of the committee of thirty-
three, and which I supposed, at the time, it was
the understanding of the House that we should
have a vote upon.
Mr. CURTIS. I never heard of such an un-
derstanding.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stanton in
the chair.) Theie is no debatable question before
the House; and all this discussion is by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 objertto any further debate.
Mr. COX. Let them filibuster as much as
they please.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the chair-
man of the committee of thirty-three will be heard.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have not yielded
the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Let me say a word. I hope,
if this matter is to go over till to-morrow, it will
be the understanding that a vote shall be had on
the proposiiion winch I offered, and which has
been printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the gentleman from Maryland is
holding the floor by unanimous consent, and he
can only yield it by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object to his
yielding it.
Air. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have asked
the gentleman from Ohio to make a statement.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The yeas and nays have been ordered on my mo-
tion for a call of the House; and nothing is in
order but to call the roll.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 desire to vote.
Mr. HICKMAN. I insist on the roll being
called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing is in
order but the call of the loll, on the motion that
there be a call of the House; on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HARRIS,of Maryland. I desire to record
my vote.
The. SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is too late.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The Chair has
not announced tlu- result.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair an-
nounced the result some time since.
Mr. RICE. I desire to say that I have been
detained from the House for some days by illness,
and have, therefore, been unable to address the
House upon the subject-matter now befoie it. I
ask permission of the House to print my remnt ks.
[There was no objection, and his speech will be
published m the Appendix.]
Mr. EDWARDS, (at six o'clock and five min-
utes, ]). m.) 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Ashley and
Win&low were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-seven in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. I did not understand that there
was any objection to the proposition made just
now.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What proposition?
Mr. GROW. The proposition made by the
gentleman from Illinois and the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let as hear from
the chairman of the committee of thirty-three
whether he will agree, to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 insist upon the en-
forcement of the rules.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Alley. A-hley, Babbitt, fieale, Bingham,
Blau, Make, Brayton, Bulhufm, Burlmgame, Burnham,
Kuuertleld. Case, Jofm G. Dav.s, Davve*, Delano,
Ducll, Kii^crton, Edwaid*. Eliot, Etv, Farn^worth, Fenton,
Gooch,Giow, Gurlev, Ilutcinns, Irvine, Francis W. Kel-
logg, Lonarnecker, Loomis, Lovejov, Marion, McKean,
MelCniglH, Morse, Pen y. Potter, Edwin It, Reynolds,Chris-
topher ;?erantori, Sedavviek, William Stewart,
Tappan. Theakcr, Tompkins Wade, Walrtion, Cadwala-
der C. VVa&hhum, EMihu 15. Wasiibutne, Welte, Wilson,
arid Woodruff— 54.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam*, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrteh, Wifliam C. Anderson, Barr, Barrett, Bocock,
Boteler, Bouligny, Bumeh, Brigg^, Brown, Buret), Burnett,
Campbell, Caiter, Horace P. Clark, John B. Cla k, Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Oonkling, Corvvin,
Oovode, Cox, II. Winter Davis, f)u Jarnotte, Dunn, E;i-
nmmWm, Ensjlu-h, Fkuenco, Fouke, Gihner, Hamilton,
.T. Morrison Hams John T. Hams HaMvin, Ilatton, llel-
mick, Holmrm, William Ilowaid, William A. Uowaid,
Hughes, Jenkins Junkin, Lanabec, Leake. Lee, Logan,
Charles I). Martin, Elbo:t S. Mat tin. McCleniand, Mc-
IvmtyjMePbeison,Million,Montgomery, LabanT. Mooie,
Moorhead, Morrill, l-aac N. Moms Nelson. Niblack,
Notill, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps. Toiler, Pottle, Piyor, Risgs
.lames C [lobui-ou, Koyce, llu-r, Simms, William N. II.
Smith, ^pciuhhng, Sp.nnei, Htanton, titeven-son, J.vmcs
A. fc?tew<i!t. Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Walton, Wluteley,
Window, and Wright—88.
So the House refused to adjourn
During the roll-call,
Mr. McKEAN stated that Mr. Palmer had
paired with Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Cuhtis had paired
with Mr. Sicki.es.
Mr. HOULIGlVY Raid: Mr. Speaker, I wish
the House to excuse my colleagues. I understand
that they are kept at home by the secession fever.
They have got the fe\er badly; and I hope the
House will excuse them. [Laughter.]
The result of the vote was announced as above
recoided.
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to have the
unanimous consent of the House to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman.")
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire lo know of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether it is the pur-
pose of the gentlemen who have made these
motions, which we usually call filibustering, to
prevent any vote to-night?
Mr. HICKMAN. I will be very candid, Mr.
Speaker, in my lespouse to the gentleman from
Kentucky. So far from having any disposition
to avoid a vote, my very purpose is to come to a
vote, not only upon every proposition which has
been submitted, but I desire to vote upon every
proposition which can be submitted which looks
to compromise. My purpose is to procure an ad-
journment of this House for the reason th.it, after
the previous question was called by the gentle-
man from Ohio, (he Chair pernuiied two hours of
filibustering from that side of the House, pre-
venting a direct vote upon any proposition.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. COX. He is casting reflections upon the
Spea ker.
Mi. HICKMAN. I do not desire to cast re-
flections upon any gentleman, or upon any num-
ber of gentlemen—not at all. I say it was per-
mitted. I objected because I desired to come at
once to a direct vote upon the several distinct
propositions. I now desire it. I will say in ad-
vance, that I wish to reach them for this reason:
that I want to put my negative on each and every
one of them, so that the whole country may un-
derstand where I stand.
Mr. RUST. We know that, anyhow.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, how is it possible ibr us ever
to come to a vote on these propositions while he
interposes motions that are intended only for de-
lay r Now, if the gentleman will permit the pre-
vious question to be seconded, we come to vote
on the first propositions of the committee of thirty-
three. If they are voted down, we come to the
i vote on the second propositions and amendments;
' then to the third; and if they are voted down,
! other gentlemen will have the liberty of voting on
i such propositions as may be pending for the pur-
| pose of having the sense of the House upon them.
' The only effect of the gentleman's motion is to
prevent any vote whatever, and the country will
so regard it* . ^
Mr. HICKMAN. I think that-every gentle-
man here will admit that I have been the last to
engage in any scheme of filibustering. I desire,
of all things, to meet each proposition that can
be presented to the House squarely. And I will
withdraw if.y motion for a call of the House, pro-
vided it shall be agreed that these propositions
shall be presented to the House for a vote, with-
out discussion. ,
Mr. RUST. Thi>t js what we all on thissids
of the House want.
Mr. GROW. Then we are all agreed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The ques-
tion has been thoroughly discussed on this side
of the House. We want no more discussion of
it here.
Mr. RUST. Wc want no discussion hers.
We want a vote.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have not discussed any of
these propositions. I have desired to vote; and
was just as ready to vote the day the discussion
commenced as I am now.
Mr. RUST. Very good; then let us vote.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania made one remark which I desire to repel.
It was, that this side of the House has filibus-
tered. We have done nothing of the sort.
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir; the gentleman from
Kentucky misunderstood me entirely. I did not
refer to that side of the House at all. I said, that
after the gentleman from Ohio had called the pre-
vious question, one or two hours of filibustering
discussion was permitted by the Chair. I did not
say from what quarter of the House that discus-
sion came.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
hope these explanations are at an end, and that
we will have a call of the roll.
Mr. GKOW. I hope the Speaker will put it
to the House whether that is the understanding.
Gentlemen get up on this side and say it is, and
get upon thatside and sayitis. Will the Speaker
ask the House whether it is agreed to ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
nothing to do with that. The Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. GROW, I ask whether there is any ob-
jection to any understanding. Wc might sit hero
■all night, this way, while both sides of the House
are agreed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
nothing to do with that.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope we will proceed with
business.
Mr. HICKMAN. As it seems to be the pur-
pose that a vote shall be taken directly on the
propositions, I withdraw my motion for a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, Then the ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Coiiwin,] to postpone the preliminary
resolutions.
Mr. CORWIN. I ask the Chair whether I
have not the floor on that motion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is in-
formed that the gentleman from Ohio moved to
postpone the preliminary resolutions, and de-
manded the previous question on that motion.
The previous question having been demanded de-
prives the gentleman of the floor for the puipose
of discussion.
Mr. COltWIN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question. From all that I hear,Mr
Speaker, I am inclined to believe, that if we should
adjourn now,and resume the-consideration of this
subject in the morning at the proper hour, there
mightprobably be a vote without debate. I think
there has been some misunderstanding on all sides
about the wishes of gentlemen. There is still a dis-
agreement between me and some of the gentlemen
on the other side, about the time and place at
which the favorite amendment shall be voted on.
I ask gentlemen to allow me to take a vote on the
joint resolution to amend the Constitution, with-
out amendment; and then there will be no objec-
tion, on my part, to their offering amendments to
any other propositions among the fifteen or twenty
that remain, so that they can record their votes on
it by yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman permit me one word?
Mr. CORWIN. Yos.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the amendment on which we desire a vote is
