1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of " Order."] If the Chair decides that I have
no such right, I appeal from his decision.
Mr. HINDMAN. My colleague had the floor
before the roll was called.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman will bo
allowed to put his inquiry. It is only fair that
he should be indulged.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman's
doing anything that is not in order.
Mr. ADRAIN. .1 will answer the gentleman's
question, with pleasure, if permitted to do so.
[Cries of" Order."]
Mr. RUST. What is the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, if
objected to, debate is not in order, during the call
of the roll.
Mr. RUST. The Clerk had not commenced
calling the roll, when I took the floor.
The SPEAKER. But the main question had
been ordered; and that cuts off all debate.
Mr. RUST. I do not desire to enter into any
debate. My only desire is to put an inquiry to
the gen tleman from Ne w Jersey. Upon his answer
may depend the vote 1 shall give on this occasion.
[Cries of "Order,"]
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to propound his interrogatory. [Cries of
"Order!"]
Mr. IIINDMAN. May I ask the Chair a
?uestion for information ? [Cries of " Order !"]
am in order. I want to ask the Chair what is
in order. I understand the Chair to decide that
when the main question has been ordered, it is
not in order to ask the mover of a proposition for
information. Is that the Chair's decision? I
would like to hear from the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not order when
the main question has been ordered to be put, un-
less by unanimous consent. The Chair has in-
dulged gentlerflen again and again when debate
was not in order. He did not call them to ordei-
when they seemed to have the general consent to
proceed. If the gentleman from Arkansas wishes
to put a question, the Chair hopes he will be in-
dulged.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to everything that is
not in order.
Mr. RUST, Upon what grounds does the
member object?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, sir, to everything
not in order.
Mr. RUST. What is it that is in order?
Mr. HINDMAN. The member from Illinois
does not know anything about what is or what
is not in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman will be
permitted to propound his question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to everything out of
order.
Mr. RUST. I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair. [Cries of " It is too U\te!"] No,
it is not too late.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to take an appeal. The question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?"
t Mr. FLORENCE. I want to hear the ques-
tion that the gentleman from Arkansas desires to
propound to the gentleman from Jfew Jersey, be-
fore I vote .on the appeal from the decision of the
Chair. Unless I hear the question, I cannot vote
intelligently on the appeal. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has again and
again decided debate is not in order after the main
question has been ordered. Whenever indul-
gence could be extended to gentlemen, the Chair
has extended it. Objection is now made, and the
rule is imperative.
Mr. RUST. I withdraw my appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the Chair to indulge
me while I put a question to him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr. HINDMAN. I have the right to put a
question to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ask his
question. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HINDMAN. J do not propose to debate.
If gentlemen on the other side would allow me to
proceed, I would be through in a moment, and
they would save themselves from being placcdin
a ridiculous position. [Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. VANDEVER. I object to debate.
Mr. HINDMAN. I want to inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order for me to propound
an interrogatory to the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, touching the pending resolution which he has
introduced? [Cries of "It is not in, Order!"
"Object!"] I am not asking Black Republican
gentlemen on the other side for information, but
the one who is presiding.
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order but the
call of the roll.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William 0. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayion, Briggs,
Buffinton, Buihngame, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clemens,
Coburn, John Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Cox,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dimmiek, Duel!,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etberidge, Farns-
worth, Funton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French,
Gooch, Grow, GurJey, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Helmick, Hick-
man, Hoaid, Holman, William Howard, William A. How-
ard, Humplney, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkln, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, DeWitt
C. Leach, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay,
Marston, Charles D. Martin, McClernand, McKean, Mc-
Kenty, MeKnight, McPherson, Millward, Montgomery,
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin,
Parmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, fedwin R. Reynolds,
liice, liiggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Royee, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickies, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewait, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Tlieaker, Tompkins. Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cad walader C.Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Wimlom, and Wood—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Barret, Bocock, Bouligny, Branch, Biown, Burch,
Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Craw-
ford, De Jarnette, Florence, Garnett, GartrelL Gilmer,
Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins,
Hill, Hindman, Houston, Hughes, Jones, Kunkel, Lan-
drum, James M. Leach, Love, Mallory, Elbert S.Martin,
Maynard, Mellae, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, dua'rles, Reagan, Rust, Scott,
Simins, Singleton, William' N. H. Smith, Stevenson,
Stokes, Vallandigham, Vance, jWehster, and Wright—56.
So the resolution was adopted
During the vote,
Mr. BROWN said: Mr. Speaker, as this res-
olution maybe construed to mean coercion, I vote
in the negative.
Mr. BURCH. Believing the resolution to be
an unnecessary fire-brand, and calculated to place
the Executive in a false position, I vote "no." •
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. While favoring a
part of the resolution, I must, under all the cir-
cumstances, vote " no."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Having reason to
believe that Major Anderson acted under the in-
structions of the late Secretary of War, I vote in
the affirmative. [Laughter.]
Mr. DUNN. Having cause to believe that
Major Anderson acted solely on his own respons-
ibility, I vote 4,ay." [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not desire to be un-
derstood as condemning the courseof Major An-
derson; on the contrary I approve it. I think he
did right; and moreover, that he ought to be sus-
tained by the Government. But, sir, for other
reasons, believing the resolution to be untimely,
I vote " no."
Mr. HARDEMAN. The Secretary of War
having unequivocally denounced Major Ander-
son, I vote " no."
Mr. HATTON. The same reason that has
influenced me, during'this session of Congress, to
vote against all such resolutions as the one now
before the House—mere declarations of opinion,
without any practical purpose in view—resolu-
tions the consideration tof which is calculated, if
not intended, to create only angry and mischiev-
ous discussion—satisfies me as to the propriety
of my voting against this resolution. Without
reference to the merits of the proposition, I there-
fore vote " no."
Mr. HILL. As the President has not been in
the habit of deferring his action to this, the House
of Representatives, and as he has on some occa-
sions acted adversely to the wishes of the House,
I do not think it is necessary forthem now to
back him up. He will pursue whatever course
he has marked out, regardless of their approba-
tion. I vote " no."
Mr. HINDMAN. I have no difficulty in ex-
plaining my vote. No explanation is necessary.
The act of Major Anderson was a direct and
needless provocation of civil war, and therefore
wrong in itself. His conduct deserves censure,
instead of praise. If it was authorized by the
President, then he has convicted himself of trea-
son to liberty and the obligations of honor, dis-
regard of pledge^, and a desire to plunge the coun-
try into ail the horrors of internalstmfean4 blood-
shed. ; -
Mr. KUNKEL. Believing that the action of
Major Anderson was prompted more by- a desire
to secure personal safety than to secure the peace
of the country, I vote "no." " ,
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. -Thejsame
reasons which I gave a while ago for not v<$in£
to suspend.the rules, willffcojatrol my vote^now-.
I vote " no."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know whether these interruptions are in order
during the call of the roll.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope gentlemen will stiU
be permitted to give the reasons for their votes,
inasmuch as it has been allowed thus far without
objection.
Mr. LOGAN. As the resolution receives tny
unqualified approbation, 1 yote "ay."
Mr. LONGN£CKER%, (amid loud cries of
" Order!" by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois* arid
others.] Believing that Major Anderson did:his
duty, and his whole duty, in the face of instruc-
tions to the contrary from the Executive, I vote
"ay." m
Mr. MALLORY. I hope my friend over ine
way, from Illinois, will indulge me in a word of
explanation of my vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I obje'et.
Mr. MALLORY. I will vote for this or any
other resolution indorsing the conduct of Maior
Anderson in moving to a place of safety witnjn
his jurisdiction, but I will not vote for a resolu-
tion which goes further, and places me in the posi-
tion of indorsing, beforehand, all the measures
which the President of the United States may
choose to take to enforce the laws and preserve
the Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now vote against this
resolution for the same reason that I voted against
the resolution introduced some days since by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor.]
Mr. McKENTY. I have the honor of repre-
senting one of the most conservative districts of
Pennsylvania—one that is strongly Democratic.
Our political affinities and sympathies have been
always with the South; but i do not believe there
is a single man in my district that does notsustain
the President in his course. While we have stood
by South Carolina at- the ballot-box, we cannot
sustain her act of treason [Mr. Gartrell. What
treason?] against the General Government. I feel
that the act of the President is merely defensive;
arid, sir, if the last page of our nation's history is
to be a bloody one, let the responsibility rest with
those who will make it so. I vote " ay."
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, if this resolution
were confined to Major Anderson, I should vote
for it with great pleasure; but I cannot vote for
the residue of that resolution. Hence I vote " no "
Mr. NIXON. I stand upon the platform of
the Constitution, the Union, and the enforcement
of the laws as they are; hence I vote "ay."
Mr. PEYTON. As I believe that the object
of the mover of this resolution is to inaugurate
civil war in our country, I vote " no."
Mr. RUST. Knowing that Major Anderson
exhibited no extraordinary courage in going from
a weak position to a safe one, and believing, if
it is the intention of the President of the United
States to maintain him in that position, it is in
violation of his plighted word, I vote "no."
M& SICKLES. Believing that my constitu-
ents are inflexibly opposed to coercion employed
againsta sovereign State; nevertheless,convinced
as I am, that they regard the act of Major Ander-
son as one done within the spirit of his instruc-
tions, and from patriotic motives; and that it is
the sworn duty of the President, according to his
oath, to preserve the Union by the employment
of all constitutional means, I believe I only give
expression to the sentiment of the city of New
York, when I vote " ay."
Mr. BMITH, of North Carolina. T wish to
say, explanatory to my vote, that regarding this
resolution as an obstruction to the success of
those efforts which are still being made by the
friends of peace for the adjustment of our difficul-
ties, I vote " no."
Mr. STEy ENSON. I do not know what meas-
ures the President of the United States contem-
plates; therefore, I am unwilling to commitmyself
to any measure of coercion which he might attempt
