1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
124i
cerned, in one degree; and, so far as the original
resolution is concerned, in another degree. 1 am
willing, when those resolutions come up, that these
amendments may be allowed to bo submitted by
any gentleman upon the floor; but I will consent
to none other than parliamentary amendments.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that motion. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. 1 want to know whether the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is m order?
Is not the report of the committee of thirty-three
indivisible? [Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. HICKMAN. I want my motion put to
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
postpone the preliminary resolutions, the first of
the series, is in order without unanimous consent.
Mr. SICKLES. They are only a portion of
the report of the committee of thirty-three.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The committee
report a series of propositions, as the Chair un-
derstands, to be acted on severally. It has already
been held that they must be taken up in the order
in which they stand. The chairman of tho select
committee moves that the first of the series be
postponed until action is had upon the subsequent
joint resolution. The Chair rules that thatmotion
to postpone is in order.
Mr. SICKLES. Will not that be a change of
the parliamentary condition of the amendments
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Burcii,]
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens .']
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that they have not been moved to the
matter that is now proposed to postpone.
Mr. SICKLES. That being understood, there
is no objection to the postponement.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that we will have no
further discussion. It is all out of order; and I
hope that we will be allowed to proceed to vote.
[Cries of " Vote !"" Vote!"]
Mr. HICKMAN. I yielded up the motion that
there be a call of the House on the distinct assur-
ance that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.Corwin]
should not be interrupted, and that we should
come to a direct vote on all of the propositions.
1 insist, sir, that that understanding be carried out.
Mr. CORWIN. I am sure, since we now un-
derstand each other on ail sides of the House,
that there is no occasion to take a vote on the pre-
liminary resolutions. 1 demand the previous
question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. BURNETT. How far does that call for
the previous question extend ?
Mr. CORWIN. It only affects the motion to
postpone.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. 'HICKMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 move that there be a call
of the House; and oil that motion I demand the
yeas and nays. I also demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only twenty-two
vote in the affirmative: not a sufficient number to
order tellers.
Mr. HICKMAN. Count the other side.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One fifth-of a
quorum has not voted m favor of tellers.
Mr. HI CKMAN. There may not be a quorum
present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
satisfied th.it there is.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn. I demand the yeas and nays, and
tellers on ihe yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Friday next.
On that I demand the yeas and nays, and tellers
on the. yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hickman,
and Smith of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House was divided.
Mr. HUGHES. I want to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If a member be paired can he vote
on a division by tellers ?
The SPEAKER pio tempore. That is for gen-
tlemen to decide for themselves.
Mr. RCJST. I understand that the gentleman
from Illinois, who is paiied with a gentleman
from North Carolina, voted through the tellers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
nothing to do with pairs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My pair was upon
votes on the main question, and it was made with
a distinct reservation that I should be left to vote
on motions to adjourn. The gentleman from
Worth Carolina was himself in favor of adjourn-
ment when he left.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; the tellers
having leported only eighteen in the affirmative.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to make an inquiry,
the answer to which will control my vote. Are
amendments moved by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia and the gentleman from Virginia pending
to the pending proposition ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They are not.
Mr. GARNETT. If the pending proposition
be postponed, I suppose that the House will have
an opportunity to vote for something else beforo
the Crittenden proposition is reached.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands from the Clerk that it is now pending.
Mr. SICKLES. I made an inquiry oil the
subject a few moments ago, and was informed by
the Speaker that the ma Iter to be postponed on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio would not
interfere with the amendments as they now stand.
Mr. McCLERNAND. This question has been
decided a dozen of times. I object to any further
discussion.
Mr. MILLSON. Is the previous question de-
manded'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is. The Chair
would not mislead any member. The Chair sup-
posed that the amendments of the gentleman from
California and the gentleman from Virginia were
pending to the joint rerolution for the amendment
of the Constitution. It turns out that the Chair
was mistaken, and that they are pending to the
resolutions which are now proposed to be post-
poned.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Were thoseamend-
ments ever moved regularly to this report of the
select committee? If they were not, how did
they get before us?
Mr. BRIGGS. I was in the chair the day
they were offered and received. They are before
the House regularly in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
I understood the Chair to announce that such and
such was the state of the Journal, and I wish that
statement corrected.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
corrected it as far as he is advised.
Mr. KUNKET,. The Chair has stated that
the proposition which it is proposed to postpone
is the simple resolution of this House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. KUNKEL. And not the joint resolution
for the amendment of theConstitution. 1 under-
stood thai tin; pioposition of the gentleman fiom
California was a joint resolution of the two Houses
of Congress providing for an amendment of the
Constitution, and that the propositions of the gen-
tleman from Viigmia were also joint resolutions
for the amendment of tho Constitution. Now,
sir, those amendments could only apply to the
report of the committee of thirty-three, which we
propose to postpone.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state how the question is.
Mr. KUNKEL. Will the Chair allow me to
explain myself?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maryland is not in orderin making a speech.
The Chair desires to make a statement, so that
I he and the gentleman from Maryland mayunder-
I stand each other. The proposition which is pro-
! posed to be postponed is the declaratory joint
j resolutions of the two Houses, and not the joint
resolution to amend the Constitution. Thep<op-
osition of the gentleman from Viigmiais to amend
one of those declaratory resolutions, as the Chair
is informed.
Mr. VALLANBIGHAM. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 desire to know what necessity
there is for postponing the resolutions to which
the Chair has alluded, unless they are pending
alone, and the joint resolution enibodying the
Adams amendment is not ponding. And if the
former only have been read twice, and are and
have been alone before the House, then the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Bcrcii,] and the Crittenden propositions, moved
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,]
must apply only to them; and most unquestion-
ably, if these declaratory resolutions are post-
poned, it carries them with it. And thus the
Crittenden propositions will be sent over, £o take
the chances of never being brought to a vote at
all. I warn gentlemen on thissidcof the House,
now, of the danger. If they desire a vote on
Mr. Crittenden's proposition, let them look out..
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
stated that the resolutions pending were the de-
claratory joint resolutions reported by the selfect
committee of thirty-three.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then the proposed
amendment of the Constitution is not yet before
the House, and never has been, and of course the
Crittenden propositions are not pending as all
amendment to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The effect'of
postponing will be to carryover the amendments
also with the declaratory resolutions.
Mr. COX. What is the question before the.
House ?
Mr. HICKMAN. How do these questions
arise upon the motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
question is upon the motion to adjourn over until
Friday.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and upon that motion, I demand
the yeas and nays, and ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lovejoy and
Branch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 41, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HICKMxlN. I move that there be a call
of the House; and upon that motion, I demand
the yeas and nays, and ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the demand for
the previous question; the previous question was
seconded,and the main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred upon the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, to postpone the joint reso-
lutions.
Mr. BURNETT. Wow, upon the motion to
postpone, I demand ihe yeas and nays. If these
resolutions are postponed, they rany with them
the pioposmons known as the Crittenden prop-
ositions.
Mr. MILLSON. They will do no such thing.
Mr. BURNETT. The Speaker has so decided;
and I put the question to him again.
Mr. R.UST. Will the Speaker announce what
will be the effect of the motion to postpone, if it
prevails'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. I understand that
these preliminary joint resolutions are the reso-
lutions to which the amendment of the gentleman
fioin Virginia, [Mr. Cltimkns,] and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Bcrch,] wore moved as amendments, and if these
preliminary joint resolutions art postponed, they
will carry with them the amendments.
Mr. BURNETT. Exactly.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
sires to state to the House that the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio is to postpone the joint
resolutions until the othei questions are acted
upon, and they will come up immediately after-
wards.
Mr. RUST. If the motion to postpone pre-
vails, what will be the next question to be voted
on ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tha joint reso-
lution to amend the Constitution.
