•282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to use against a sovereign State. Whenever he
does it, I shall be unalterably opposed to it from
the beginning to the end; and I vote " no."
Mr. STOKES. I have no objection to the first
part of this resolu tion; but I am certain ly opposed
to the latter part of the resolution, if I understand
it. Another thing; I do not believe this resolu-
tion.has any tendency to reconcile the difficulties
between the North and South, or to restore peace.
It is known to every jhember upon this floor that
i am for peace, for compromise, and for healing
all these disturbing questions which now distract
. the country; but i do not believe this resolution
■will have any tendency to reconcile these difficul-
ties. For these reasons I vote " no."
Mr. Q.UAIILES stated that his colleague,Mr.
Thomas, was absent from the House in service
upon a select committee,
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. This resolution
proposes to extend [Cries of" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order, if
objected to.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Just one word.
Mr. BRIGGS. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed, as that privilege has been
granted to others.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. This resolution,
Mr. Speaker, not only commends the conduct of
Major Anderson in seizing Fort Sumter, but also
that of the President in retaining him there. For
myself, I do not think that either deserves com-
mendation. But as to Major Anderson's conduct,
this House and the public can only form a correct
judgment when the orders under which he acted
'have been made known. As to the conduct of
the President, I think there can be no two opin-
ions among candid and impartial men. A solemn
promise wns made by him to the Representatives
in Congress from South Carolina, that the forts
in the Charleston harhorshould not be reinforced,
nor their condition in any manner changed, until
all efforts at negotiation had failed; these Repre-
sentatives promising at the same time that there
should be 110 seizure of these forts by the author-
ities or troops of that State. A solemn compact
was made between them. But history will record
it, that this Government of the United States,
through its chief Executive, violated its pledge,
and broke faith with that gallant little State.
On the other hand, how did South Carolina
act ? Did she break her faith, or did she observe
the stipulations made by her authorized repre-
sentatives? There wns Fort Sumter, a strong
and almost impregnable fortress, commanding the
harbor of Charleston, overlooking that city, and
invulnerable to a weaker power, threatened with
invasion by a foe vastly superior to herself m
numbers and in military appliances. Her troops
could have taken possession of this strong forti-
fication at any moment. A dozen unarmed men
could have seized it. What an inducement was
there for South Carolina to have repudiated the
agreement made by her Representatives, and to
have taken possession of this fort. She might
have justified herself upon the ground of self-de-
fense; that it was necessary to prevent any hostile
troops from occupying a position from which their
chiefcity might perhaps be destroyed; thatitwas
necessary to seize this fort for the protection of
their homes and families. Had this, however,
been done by South Carolina, what would the
world have said ? What execrations would have
been poured upon her and her citizens, and par-
ticularly by those who are now offering incense
to the President for failing to keep his pledge!
Punic faith would have been affixed to her name,
and her infamy would have been proclaimed
throughout the civilized world. Nor would it
have been different had some of her volunteers or
a mere mob taken possession, acting without or-
ders; provided the authorities of the State had so
far ratified the act as to hold possession of that
fort. But, to her honor be it said, she kept her
faith. [Cries of " Order!"] I vote " no.
Mr. BARKSDALE, in giving his vote in the
negative, made an explanation, amid loud and
continued cries of order, which rendered his re-
marks entirely inaudible to the repoiters.
Mr. BARRET. So far as I am concerned,
["Order!"' "Order!"] I have but a few words to
say. [Cries of "Order!"] So far as my knowl-
edge extends, I justify the conduct of Major
Anderson: but, as I have no official information
in regard to the subject-matter of this resolution,
I vote against it, believing it an improper subject
of legislation at this time. I vote " no."
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Speaker, I have been
under the most painful anxiety while this vote
has been taken. Disconnect this resolution from
the vote just taken, refusing,even, to have printed
and considered, the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge,] it is
well enough. Had the rules, on his resolution,
for a trial to settle the present alarming difficulty
in some peaceful way, been suspended, as, in all
deference to the opinion of others, I think they
ought to have been, I would not feel at liberty to
vote against this resolution. I know not what is
to be the result of this vote; but if the resolution
is defeated, and some gentleman who voted against
the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee,
will move to reconsider that, I will move to re-
consider the vote on this resolution, if it is de-
feated. If not, I will take occasion in some other
way, and under different circumstances, to do
justice to Major Anderson, and to indicate my
loyalty to the Constitution and my regard for the
inviolability of the laws.
To vote for this resolution, in reply to a denial
of a proposition for peace, would, in my judg-
ment, make up a record not desired at this time.
I regret to feel it my'duty to vote 011 this resolu-
tion as I shall. If, after we shall have tried to
adjust our troubles in a peaceful way, and all
honest efforts in that direction shall have failed,
it may then be time to hint at other remedies.
Until all chance for a peaceful adjustment is gone,
I cannot feel it my duty to look aftar any other.
If northern gentlemen do not feel at liberty to
consider a proposition that may tend to peace,
especially when the moyer of it declared his only
purpose was to secure reflections that might ap-
pear by amendments, which any gentleman might
desire—for me, after this stubborn refusal to indi-
cate a willingness for peace, to vote for this reso-
lution, would, in my honest opinion, bo wrong.
1 have had the most solicitous concern that we
might pass this most fearful crisis in some satis-
factory way, avoiding civil war and bloodshed;
and that I may still be understood distinctly to be
for peace, rejecting all suggestions for war, a sense
of duty constrains me to vote " 110."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. For the reasons
assigned by my friend from Tennessee, I vote
" no."
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Speaker, just one word
before I vote. I approve of the conduct of Major
Anderson in his removal to Fort Sumter. I also
approve of the determination of the President, if
such be the fact, not to order his return to Fort
Moultrie, but to sustain him where he is. More
than this, sir; I believe in that principle of gov-
ernment which is involved in the last part of this
resolution: that it is the duty of our Government,
as of all Governments, to see that its laws arc re-
spected and its citizens protected. But, sir, fol-
lowing, as thjjs resolution does, immediately after
the resolutions proposed for consideration by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge]—
resolutions which came from the conservative
men of the South, and were held out by them as
the olive branch of pcace to the country, but
which a very large majority of the members 011
the other side of the House not only declined to
support, but actually refused to consider, it looks
as if, instead of that olive branch of peace, the
sword of war was to be returned. Consequently,
I cannot vote for this resolution. I vote "no."
[Slight applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. FLORENCE. How is my vote recorded?
The SPEAKER. In the negative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I intend that it shall re-
main so recorded, considering this resolution 
[Shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire time to explain my
vote, but I suppose it would not be accorded me,
and f shall not violate the rules of the House. I
vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
EIGHTH OP JANUARY.
Mr. SPINNER. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next.
To-morrow is the anniversary of the battle of
NewOrleans,and I presume every gentleman here
has sufficient respect for the memory of the old
hero, who, if he were alive to-day, would put an
end to all these difficulties, to vote for my mo-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Everybody is for Jackson.
Mr. HASKIN. I hope we shall adjourn over
to-morrow in honor of the hero of New Orleans—
the man who said "The Union must and shall be
preserved."
Mr. LONGNECICER. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over
takes precedence.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion, and call for tellers on
the yeas and nays. I hope that members will not
adjourn over, but will come here and do their
duty to their country and to themselves.
Mr. LANDRUM. The country can attend to
its duty better than Congress.
Tellers were not ordered.
The*yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. jBRIGGS I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution in relation to Major An-
derson was agreed to, and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
pending the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Sickles's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (ataquarter before five o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned till Wednesday next.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 9, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.J5r. Gdrley.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
Mr. A. J. Glossbrennek, the Secretary of the
President of the United States, appeared below
the bar, and announced that he was directed to
present to the Senate a. message in writing.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Gi.ossbrenner, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President approved and signed,
on the 5th instant, an act (S. No. 523) for the
relief of George L. Hartsuff, United States Army.
COMMUNICATION WITH CHINA.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
praying Congress to adopt measures for the es-
tablishment of steam postal communication be-
tween San Francisco, in the State of California,
and China. I ask that the memorial may be re-
ferred to tlte Committee -an the Post Office and
Post Roads; and as the subject is a very important
one, and the memorial is argumentative and elab-
orate, and very interesting and able, I beg leave
to ask that it be printed; which motion, I suppose,
will go the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN. I hope there will oe no objection
to printing the memorial. It is on a very import-
ant subject. Must it go to the Committee on .
Printing ?
Mr. HUNTER. It must go there anyhow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must go to the
Committee on Printing, unless by unanimous
consent.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads; and the motion
to print was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
STATE OP TUB UNION.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit, also, the memorial of
citizens of the State of New York, residing in the
city of New York. The names subscribed to this
memorial are thoseof the most respectable, intelli-
gent, and patriotic citizens of the city of New York.
They are such as John A. Stevens, James Galla-
tin, Robert B. Minturn, William B. Astor, Au-
gust Belmont,MosesH.Grinnell,Hamilton Fish,
Schuyler Livingston, Daniel Lord, PeterCooper,
William H. Aspinwall, Wilson G. Hunt, R. M.
Blatchford, Shepherd Knapp, and others. This
memorial presents the views of those citizens, on
the subject of the great events which arc transpir-
ing in the country, affecting the integrity of tha
