1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Union, and the future welfare and prosperity of
the people of the United States. 1 will not ask
that it be read, because it is not customary to do
so, although my obligations to the source from
which it comes might justify such an application;
but I ask, in consideration of the importance of
the subject, and the character of the memorialists,
that this paper also be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
likewise go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SEWARD. While I am up, I desire to
ask the Senate to be good enough to assign to me
a day, or part of a day, upon which I can express
my views upon the great question of the times;
and I will take such a day as the Senate shall find
it convenient to award to me. If they will indulge
me with appointing a day, as I understand that
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] pro-
poses to address the Senate on Friday, not to in-
terfere with him, I will ask, if there is no objec-
tion, that the Senate will hear me on Saturday of
this week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the Sen-
ator's motion?
Several Senators. It is a suggestion.
Mr. SEWARD. If itis generally understood,
very well.
Mr. HUNTER. In connection with this sub-
ject, I would ask that the resolution I introduced
some time since be made the special order at one
o'clock on ^Friday, in order that I may have an
opportunity^ presenting my views to the Senate
then on the question of the day. I ask that all
other orders utenostponed, with a view of making
that resolutionflie special order for Friday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What resolution
is jt ?
Mr. HUNTER The resolution I offered in
regard to the forts and arsenals.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves that Ins resolution be made the
special order for Friday next.
Mr, SEWARD. I accede to that. I think it
is proper also that I should submit the subject on
which I will address the Senate. I beg leave to
say that it will be upon the President's message,
which 'will come up to-day; and I ask that I may
be heard on Saturday upon that message at one
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion before
the Senate is to make the resolution offered by the
Senator from Virginia some time since, the spe-
cial order for Friday next at one o'clock.
The motion was,agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Now I desire to have the
message from the President read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks for the reading of the message
from the President.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us get through the busi-
ness of the morning hour.
Mr. RIGLER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for the present.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 withdrawit for the present,
for morning business.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of im-
porters of hardware at Cincinnati, Ohio, praying
that the tariff bill now before the Senate may not
be passed without certain modifications; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of importers of
hardware at Boston, Massachusetts, praying that
the tariff bill now before the Senate may not be
passed without certain modifications; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN. I have been requested to pre-
sent the petition of W. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak,
praying for a reconstruction of the Government,
and a change of the entire representation in Con-
gress. As there is no committee to whom it can
properly be referred, I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of G.
H. Hollister, and others, citizens of Rockton, Illi-
nois; and a petition of S. Colcord, and others, cit-
izen sofGreenvi He, Illinois, severally praying Con-
gress to aid the People's Pacific Railroad Company
by a liberal donation of t he public lands, and such
other assistance as a wise and just .policy may
suggest; which were ordered to lie oh the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition ofPhilip
Hoffman, and others, citizens of Bucks county,
Pennsylvania, who served in the volunteers of
Pennsylvania in the war of 1812 with Great Brit-
ain, piaying the Senate to take into consideration
the pension bill as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of the soldiers of that
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. 4
®r. BIGLER. I have the honor to present to
the Senate this morning sixty-five memorials,
numerously signed by highly intelligent and re-
spectable citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,
composed of men of all parties—Democrats, Re-
publicans, and Americans—asking Congress to
pass the resolutions submitted by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] as amendments to
the Constitution, for the ratification of the States;
and I move that the memorials lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I present the memorial of
the representatives of the Choctaw Nation of In-
dians, in general council assembled, stating the
destitute condition in which these,people are now,
and asking certain relief at the hands of Congress
by providing for the^payment of existing debts
due them. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and be
printed.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs; and "the motion to print was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of the
heirs of Ludovicus Belding, praying for the issue
of a patent on the entry made by them under the
preemption act of May 29,1830, of the southwest
quarter, section thirty-three, township two south,
range nineteen west, in the Washington land dis-
trict, in the State of Arkansas; which, with the
accompanying papers, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented papers in relation to the claims
of the heirs of persons killed at the Mountain
Meadows, in Utah Territory, for property lost;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of -William Richmond, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. LATHAM. A resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California was presented by one of the
representatives of my State, praying the cession
by the General Government to that State of a cer-
tain tract of land, known as the Colorado desert.
I ask leave to withdraw those papers, in order that
I may have them referred to the proper commit-
tee in the House of Representatives, which now
has the subject under consideration.
Leave was granted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
532) to facilitate the peaceful adjustment of con-
troversies between the States of the Union; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to be
printed.
. REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of John Beeson, asking the immediate atten-
tion of Congress to the report of the Indian com-
missioner, which affirms that in consequence of
the drouth last summer, and the consequent fail-
ure of crops, many of the Indians will perish by
famine unless aided by Government; also praying
that no more territorial governments may be or-
ganized until the Indians are satisfactorily pro-
vided for with homes adapted to their transition
state, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 526) for the payment
of expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the State of California, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President be lequested to inform the
Senate whether John B-Floyd, whose appointment as Sec-
retary of War was confirmed by the Senate on. the -6th of
March, 1857, still continues to hold said office; and if not,
when and how said office became vacant. And further, to
inform the Senate how and b/whom the duties o!' said
office are now discharged; and, if an appointment of an act-
ing or provisional Secretary of War lias been made, how,
when, and by what authority it was so made; and why the
fact of said appointment lias not been communicated to
the Senate. „
Mr. TRUMBULL objected to the consideration
of the resolution; and it lies over, under the rule.
MAINTENANCE OF THJS CONSTITUTION.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the following resolutions,
and ask that they may be printed; and I give
notice, that when the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] wliicii were
under consideration on Monday, shall ceme up,
I will move these as an amendment to those res-
olutions:
Resolved, That the provisions of the Constitution are
ample for the preservation of the Union, and the protection
of all the material interests of the country; that it needs
to be obeyed rather than amended; and that an extrication
from the present dangers is to be looked for in strenuous
efforts to preserve the peace, protect the public property,
and enforce the laws, rather than in nfew guarantees for par-
ticular interests, compromises for particular difficulties, or
concessions to unreasonable demands. **
Resolved, Thar all attempts, to dissolve the present Union,
or overthrow or abandon the present Constitution, with the
hope or expectation of constructing a new one, are danger-
ous, illusory, and destructive; that, in the opinion of- the
Senate of the United States, no such reconstruction is
practicable, and therefore, to the maintenance of the ex-
isting Union and Constitution should be directed all the
energies of all the departments of the Government, and the
efforts of all good citizens.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move the printing of his resolutions ?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That for the residue of the present session,
after the present week, Friday of each week shall be set
apart for the consideration of private bilis in the order in
which they stand on the Calendar.
Mr. GWIN, Mr. CLARK, and others objected
to its consideration; and the resolution lies over,
under the rule.
RICHARD C. MARTIN.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
693) for the relief of Richard C. Martin, have
instructed me to report it back, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the present considera-
tion of the bill reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs by the chairman, the Senator from
Arkansas. It is a bill which passed the House
of Representatives at the last session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill; which provides for th^ payment of
$1,050, in full of a lost draft drawn by G. W.
Barbour, formerly Indi.an commissioner in Cali-
fornia, on Riddick McKee, disbursing agent, in
favor of Thomas W. Lane, for beeves furnished
to the Government; which draft was accepted by
McKee, and afterwards transferred and delivered
to Martin.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) There is a report.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from
New York that the bill is one that follows the
precedent in the Fremont case, which was dis-
cussed before the Senate and passed upon. It is
stronger, I am told by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, than^hat.
Mr. KING. Read the report.
The Secretary, read the report made by Mr.
ErHERiDGEin the HouseofRepresentatives, from
which it appeared, that in the year 1851,Thomas
W. Lane furnished beef cattle to Barbour for the
use of the Indians in California, who were then
threatening hostilities on account of their starving
condition, and received from Barbour his draft on
the then disbursing agent of the United States,
Ridick McKere, for $1,050, which draft was duly
presented for payment, but was not p%id , because
the appropriation for the purpose of maintaining
