284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
peace with the Indians in California was exhaust-
ed. Subsequently, Lane assigned, by indorse-
ment, the draft to the petitioner for the sum of
$1,050) its full amo&nt and value. At the first
session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, the peti-
tioner presented his petition'—and filed the draft
with it—to the Congress of the United States,
which, together with the draft, was lost or mis-
iaid, without his negligence or fault. At the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, he pre-
sented his petition, setting forth the facts, and
alleging the loss of ■the papers filed at the first
session, and the Committee on Indian Affairs
unanimously authorized a report in favor of the
petitioner; but owing to the want of time, by
reason of the expiration of the session, the report
was not made, and the papets in the case were
lost or mislaid, and cannot now be found. The
committee are satisfied of the authority of Bar-
bour to draw the draft, and of the legality and
genuineness of the assignment to Martin, and
that the draft has never been paid; therefore they
reported the bill, and, in consideration of the pe-
culiar circumstances attending the claim, recom-
mended that it be passed at the earliest possible
• day.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask now for the reading of
the President's message.
Mr. LANE. I wish to get the car of the Sen-
ator from New York. I shall be very much
obliged to him if he will permit the reading of the
message to go over for a few moments, until we
can take up a House bill which was passed by
that body at the last session, and was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; and which
will not take a minute. I willgive the reason 
Mr. SEWARD. No matter about the reason.
I will waive it, of course, for the accommodation
of the Senator.
Mr. LANIi. Then, Mr. President,! move to
take up tlie bill, and will give the Senate the rea-
son why it ought to come up now. ["Never
mind the reason."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
kick in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the
Clmir to announce the message, as called for by
the Senator from New York, unless the Senate
sees fit to postpone it.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my call for a
moment.
Mr. LANE. Now I move to take up the. House
bill of last session, providing for military roads
in Now Mexico.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 200) to provide for the
completion of the military road from Fort Union
to Santa Fe, New Mexico, which proposes to ap-
propriate f>.'i5,000 for the completion of the mili-
tary road from Fort Union to Santa Fe.
The Committee on Military Affalis and Militid
reported an amendment, to add to the bill:
Ami lot the completion of the militaiy toad fiom Taos to
Santa Fe, in New Mexico, $.>0,01)0.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate, as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The
bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I wish some one would explain
the character of the bill, the necessity of it, and
the amount required.
Mr. LANE. This bill was reported in the
House of Representatives, and passed on a recom-
mendation from the War Department, I believe,
showing the necessity of opening communication
between these posts in New Mexico, that trans-
portation might be carried at a much cheaper rate
than it can be at present. After it passed the
House of Representatives, it was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs in the Senate; and
upon a careful examination of the reports and of
the opinions of the commanding officers in New
Mexico, they agreed to an amendment increasing
the amount above that provided for by the House
for one road, and inserting another. The Sena-
tor from New York [Mr. King] will recollect it.
The committee reported it to the Senate with a
recommendation that it pass, upon the conviction
that it was necessary for the service. In New
Mexico, the Senator from New Hampshire
knows, military posts have to be kept up, and
they are kept up at a very high expense, for trans-
portation is difficult. This bill will open commu-
nication that will save to the Government directly
very many thousands of dollars abdve the small
amount now provided for making these roatfs.
Mr. KING. My opinion is that this bill had
better lie over.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope, then, the Senator will
let it lie over, and let us take up the message.
Mr. LANE. I desire to state the reason why
it should pass ^his morning. This day is set
apart, I believe, by the House of Representatives
for the consideration of territorial business. This
is a House bill with an amendment. If it pass
this morning, and can go to the House within the
day that territorial business is considered, the
amendment will be concurred in, and in all human
probability, the bill will become a law; but if it
fails to pass this morning, it will be impossible to
get up territorial business again during this session
in the other House, and it will be the death of the
bill. I trust no Senator will object to action upon
it now. jLct us have a vote on it, and if it does
not pass, there is an end to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed—ayes twenty-five, noes
not counted.
The title of the bill was amended so as to read:
" An act to provide for the completion of the mil-
itary roads from Fort Union to Santa Fe, and from
Taos to Santa Fe, in New Mexico.
MESSAGE ON THE STATE OP THE UNION.
Mr. MASON. I offered a resolution on Sat-
urday, calling for information from the Secretary
of War, which was laid over for consideration. I
ask that it may now be taken up. It is to obtain
information which I think will bo interesting to
the country at this moment; certainly interesting
to those whom I represent.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Virginia
will permit us to hear the message of the Presi-
dent. Wo have been waiting here near an hour
for it; but instead of taking it up, we have gone
on with a great many other things.
Mr. MASON. I understand that my motion
has precedence. If it has, I move that the resolu-
tion be taken up, so that we can have a vote on it.
Mr. SEWARD. I think, sir, with great defer-
ence to the honorable Senatorfrom Virginia, that
the President's message is in order if its reading
is called for by a,ny member. It has only been
suspended irregularly, and by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Chair so understands it.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I ask for the reading
of it.
Mr. MASON. I will yield most cheerfully to
whateverare the rules of the Senate; but I respect-
fully suggest to the Chair that the usage always
has been, when a message comes in from the
President, to lay it upon the table informally, un-
less the reading is called for immediately. I pre-
sume it cannot be allowed to interrupt other busi-
ness, and I suppose any motion to take up any
other business of the Senate would take prece-
dence. I submit it, however.
Mr. SEWARD. It was only informally laid
aside.
Mr. GREEN. When a motion is made, it is
not in order to call for the reading of the Presi-
dent's message; but when there is no motion
pending, it is in order; but the Senatorfrom Vir-
ginia having made a motion, it was then a pend-
ing motion, and the Senate must first act upon it
before it can act upon anything else.
Mr. SEWARD. Everything has gone on here
this morning, as it always docs and always ought to
do, by unanimous consent. I called for the read-
ing of the message, and by unanimous consent
the reading was suspended for a particular pur-
pose, and then for another—all by unanimous con-
sent; but the call, according to the common un-
derstanding and practice of the Senate, remains
good at any time; and therefore I beg leave to ask
now for the reading of the message. I want to
debate the Senator's resolution somewhat, and I
shall not have time this morning.
Mr. MASON. I will acquiesce in whatever
may be the judgment of the Chair; but if my mo-
tion to take up the resolution has precedence,
under the rules of the Senate, I ask that it be taken
up, or that a vote be taken as to whether it shall
be taken up or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Virginia, that the call
for the reading of the message was made at an
early stage of the morning business; but, by com-
mon consent, the Senatorfrom New York waived
his call; and he had the right to resume it, and
make the call whenever he saw proper, owing to
the informal manner in which business has been
transacted this morning. The Chair regards the
call now as strictly in order; and will lay before
the Senate the communication from the President
of the United States.
The Secretary read the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States. «
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the message lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the reading of the ac-
companying papers, to which reference is made
in the President's message.
The Secretary read the communication of
Messrs. Barnwell, Adams, and Orr, to the Presi-
den t, dated December 28,18G0, and the President's
response, dated December HO, I860.
Mr. DAVIS. Are those all the papers which
accompany the communication?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TJfic Chair un-
derstands that those are all, except/he ordinance
of the State of South Carolina, aip the commis-
sion of the commissioners.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President^ a very recent
period, the country looked with anxious solici-
tude to the condition of South Carolina, andpar-
ticularly the port of Charleston, apprehending
collision between the United States and one of
the States. That solicitude was intensified by the
arrival of commissioners representing the sover-
eignty of the State, and offering by peaceful nego-
tiation to adjust the pending difficulties between
South Carolina and the United States. The high
character of those gentlemen—one of them well
known to those who served in the Senate many
years ago—known, especially, for his Christian-
ity, his urbanity, and his manliness 111 all the
relations of life—gave assurance that those nego-
tiations might be peaceable; gave reason to hope
they might be successful. They were suddenly
terminated; and at once rumors went forth that,
notwithstanding thfc high character of that com-
mission, they had violated the proprieties of life;
had insulted the President; the rumor was, had
used billingsgate to him in their reply. The fact
was known everywhere that the commissioners
had retired from Washington, and that negotia-
tions were abruptly terminated. The President,
in his message, does not even allude to the cause
of the failure of those negotiations thus attempted
on the part of South Carolina. He does not even
tell us that the commissioners are gone. Pie stops
with the letter which he sent to them; and which,
I must say, with all the respect due to the office
he holds, was wanting in fairness, and was a per-
version of the arguments which they had pre-
sented. When they replied to him, however, and
exposed the unfairness with which he had treated
their efforts at peaceful negotiation, the facts
which they stated certainly being most uncom-
fortable to him—he returned their letter as one
which he would not receive; and his communica-
tion to Congress does not even permit us to know
that those commissioners ever attempted to reply
to the position which he had taken. Though
they told him they had made no demand; though
they told him they had never said peaceful nego-
tiation was impossible, and thus corrected the
misstatement of his paper to them, he sends that
paper to the world, without even any reference to
the fact that it ever was answered. I have an
authenticated copy of their answer; and I send
that to the Secretary's desk that it may be read.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the Senator from
Mississippi talks of the high character of those
gentlemen who came here from South Carolina.
Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr were men who
at one time held high positions 
Mr. DAVIS. And the Senator once had a
better position than he has now, when he is not
entitled to«the floor.
Mr. KING. I call the gentleman to order.
He is out of order.
