THE €OISrG-RESSIGKA.L GLOBE.
February 27,
- Mr. BAYARD, I am somewhat embarrassed
in voting on the question of taking up this bill. I
know nothing of the bill; I know nothing of its
merits. I do not know whether I shall vote for
it or against it. I have had no opportunity to
examine it; but it is evident that the bill will lead
to debate. If so, it being a private bill, I think
there is other business which ought to be proceeded
with; but my respect for the Senator from Ken-
tucky is so. great that I do not desire to obstruct
any bill which he wishes to take lip. Under the
circumstances, not being conversant with the
character of the bill, or the propriety'of its pas-
sage, but supposing that it will lead to extended
discussion, I am inclined to vote against the mo-
tion, and to go on with other business.
Mr. POLK. In regard to this bill, I will say
that I shall vote for taking it up, and for th,e pas-
sage of the bill, but I would prefer that the mo-
tion had not bee.n made now. This bill has been
before the Senate, I am sure, one morning before,
in some shape or other, and I have one on which
I have been trying to get the floor for nearly two
weeks, and could not get it up.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It has been before the
Senate on a motion to take it up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Chandler, Crittenden,Dixon, Douglas, Green,Gwin, Hale,-
Hunter, Jolmsori of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Polk, Powell, Rico, Thomson, and Wilkinson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaul, Clark, Collamer, Fessendcn,
Foster, Grimes, Harlan, King, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade. and Wilson—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Jean A. B. Dauterive, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to confirm the claim of the heirs and legal
representatives of Jean Antoinc Bernard Daute-
rive, late of Louisiana, to a certain tract of land
in that State, having forty-four arpents front on
the Mississippi river, and extending in depth to
the Atchafaiaya river, bounded above by a line
beginning on the Mississippi river, in township
ten, of range thirteen east, of the southeastern
district of Louisiana, at the lower corner of the
tract of land suivcycd, in the name of Vicente
Delpino, on the 14th of February, 1772, by Don
Luis Andry, surveyor general of the province of
Louisiana, and granted to Delpino, on the 11th of
July, 1774, by Don Luis do Unzaga y Amezaga,
the Spanish Governor of the province, and con-
firmed by the Government of the United States to
Joseph Hebert as claim No. 406, and running
northwest thence until it strikes the Atchafaiaya
river, and bounded below by a line beginning on
the Mississippi river forty-four arpents below the
beginning of the upper line, at the upper corner
of a tract of land surveyed, in the name of An-
tonio M. Dorval, on the 12th of March, 1772, by
Don Luis Andry, surveyor general of the prov-
ince, and granted to Dorval, by Don Luis de
Unzaga y Amezaga, Governor under the Snamsh
Government, on the 7th of July, 1774, and con-
finned by the Government of the United States
to Barbe Chlatre, as claim No. 206, and running
south forty-five degrees west from there until it
-strikes the Atchafaiaya river, with the exception
of and cx< hiding therefrom the front theicof on
ihc-Mississippi river to the depth of forty arpents
from the river.
It also directs the surveyor general of the Uni-
ted Slates for the State of Louisiana to survey the
tract as described, excluding therefrom the first
forty arpents in depth fronting on the Mississippi
river, and to certify in his plats of survey what
portions of the land are held under confirmed
French or Spanish titles, or have Ivensold by the
United States, or granted, disposed of, or appro-
priated as swamp lauds, m any other manner what-
ever; and m this, as well as in nil other eases where
a confirmed claim remains unsatisfied, and the
owner is enlitled to a certificate of location, the
surveyor general is to issue to the claimant, or his
legal representative, a certificate of location for a
quantity of land equal to the portion of the coll-
in med claim which remains unsatisfied; and upon
the production by the claimant or his legal repre-
sentative of such a certificate o{ location befoie
the Geneial Land Office, and upon satisfactory
proof being exhibited by the parly producing the
same that he is the true owner thereof, he is to be
entitled to receive in his own name certificates or
scrip for the amount, divided into tracts of eighty
acres, which maybe located upon any of the public
landsof the United States subject to private entry,
at a price not exceeding $1 25 per acre. These
certificates of location or scrip are to be assign-
able, and the assignment to be executed and at-
tested in such manner as the Secretary of the
Interior shall direct.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, without
any attempt at argument, I will endeavor to make
as plain a statement of the case as I can. Many
years ago, the heirs of Dauterive filed a petition
in the district court of the United States in Louis-
iana, <under the act of 1820, revived by the act of
1844, to establish their title to this land. Those
acts provided that any person holding an imper-
fect and inchoate title to land in Louisiana, under
a grant from the French or Spanish Government,
might pursue this remedy. Their cause went on
to trial in the district court, and they obtained a
decree in their favor, confirming their title. An
appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States determined that, according to the title
as set forth, and the proofs in the case, the title of
Dauterive was a perfect legal title, and therefore
not within the jurisdiction of the court w.hich had
been appealed to'for a remedy. The merits of the
case were not decided upon, not understood by
the court to be decided upon, except in a very
minute particular, not important to the present
application.
Now, what is the title? The title is derived in
this manner: in 1717 the king of France granted
to what was called the Western or Mississippi
company, a very large tract of country, embracing
the present tract as part of it. In the same year
that company sold to Paris Duvernay, a wealthy
capitalist of Prance, a tract of land fronting on
the western bank of the Mississippi, opposite Ba-
you Manchac, having four leagues front on the
river, and extending back m the rear to tiie river
Atclutfalaya. Pans Duvernay, a wealthy man,
was one of the counselors of the King and some
military superintendent He purchased this tract
of land, four leagues fronting on the Mississippi,
and running back to the Atchafaiaya. Duvernay
immediately sent out a superintendent, with emi-
grants, to the amount of sixty and more, ill the
same year. In 1718 he occupied the land, and was
at great expense about it. So states the Supreme
Court m its statement of the case. At great ex-
pense he sent out emigrants from France, and he
continued that settlement and establishment upon
the tract of land up to 1765. He laid out great
sums of money; he became discouraged; his agents
proved faithless; but he maintained his colony
there from 1718 to 1765; and in 1765, Dauterive
became the purchaser and entered into possession,
and continued the possession to the year 1780.
This makes a possession continuous from 1718,
or thereabouts, to 1780. Dauterive died about that
time, and his widow continued in possession until
her intermarriage with a man by the name of De-
gruys. She then abandoned the tract of land and
went to another part of the State. The children
of Dauterive were infants at the time, as I under-
stand the statement, though I cannot be very par-
ticular as to that. .
In 1765, also, the King of France transferred
the province of Louisiana to the King of Spain.
O'Reilly was the first Governor of the King of
Spam. That was an arbitrary government. The
policy of France had been to settle this country
by granting it m large tracts to wealthy men, who
it was supposed would send out settlers to occupy
the country, and the settlements on the Missis-
sippi river were intended as a defense against the
Indians for the city of New Orleans. The Span-
ish Governor, ill the exercise of his arbitrary
power, undeitook to discountenance these large
grants that had been made by the King of France,
and among others the grant of Dauterive, who
had bought it and paid for it, and lived upon it
for years and years, he and those claiming under
him having had possession for more than forty
years. He undertook to reduce the four leagues
front on the nver, to twenty arpents, and he or-
dered accordingly. Tins was certainly a very
arbitrary act, but perhaps one that was authorized
by the arbitrary authorities and arbitrary Govern-
ment under which he acted. From afrontof four
leagues on the river, he undertook to order that
the claim should be reduced to twenty arpents.
Afterwards came another Governor, UnZaga, a
Spanish Governor also, and in the exercise of the
same arbitrary power, and thinking I suppose
that this was too great a reduction, too great a
violation of private rights, he undertook to extend
it to forty-four arpents front, and thus reduced is
the claim of Dauterive now asserted by his rep-
resentatives to forty-four arpents front upon the
river, running back the extent of the grant to Paris
Duvernay and to the Western company, to the
Atchafaiaya. It has happened in the course of
events also, that the land upon the rivet- to the
swamp, somehow or other, was sold or trans-
ferred to the government of the province, and no
claim is set up for that. It is only the land back
of that, extending to the Atchafaiaya, that is now
claimed by them, and I have recited to the Sen-
ate the ground upon which they claim it.
Now, sir, as to the quantity of land: I have
here a paper from the Land Office, stating the
quantity of this land. This is an estimate of the
contents of the original tract of four leagues front
on the river:
Genfral Land Office, February 25,1861.
Sir : In answer to the inquiry in your letter of the 23d
instant, reeeived this morning, respecting what is known
as the Jeanllaptistc Dauterive claim, in Louisiana, on the
west bank of tlie Mississippi, opposite bayou Manchac, of
" four leagues front on the Mississippi river, and extending
in the rear to the Atchafaiaya river"—known as the "Du-
buisson concession," and as the " Bayou Gouia conces-
sion"—I have the honor to state that liom an estimate I
lind noted on our records, it is represented as containing
about four hundred and fifty-five thousand and forty acres.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. J. C. Boulig>'y, House of Representatives.
That was the contents of the original tract, with
a front of four leagues on the river. That has
been reduced from four leagues to forty-four ar-
pents, which is the extent of the claim now made.
We can only by inference arrive at the quantity.
Forty-four arpents, I am told, is between one
nule and a half and two miles—less than one
league; so that, according to the proportion, we
might infer that it would only amount to less than
one fourth pa,rt of the original grant of four leagues
front. But the quantity may depend somewhat
oil the divergence of the side lines of the tract;
and therefore I would not be understood by the
Senate as giving any specific information as to
the quantity contained, but undoubtedly it is
greatly less than a base of four leagues on the river
would give, for in place of four leagues, by an
arbitrary act, that was reduced by Unzaga to
forty-four arpents.
Mr. HALE. It is about one eighth, instead of
one fourth, as you stated it.
Mr. CRlTTliiNDKN. That, then, would be
the quantity of land. Now, Mr. President, is
not this a fair claim ? I ought to state another
thing. I have not stated it completely. I have
stated the origin of the main title. The court said
this title was a legal title. The grant to the West-
ern company, and the grant from the Western
company to Duvernay, according to all the state-
ments and the evidence produced on the subject,
was a legal title; and therefore the court, which
could only give a remedy in cases of imperfect
titles, had no jurisdiction; and it was for want of
jurisdiction that they dismissed it. That is what
they decided, and no more; and I had letters from
the judges themselves, which, on searching my
pockets this morning, I could notfind, stating the
fact that they did not decide on the merits of the
claim, but simply oil the question of jurisdiction.
There was another title, as I was going to say.
Unzaga rather enlarged the claim. O'Reilly had
reduced it to twenty arpents front. Unzaga ex-
tended it to forty-four arpents, and made an order
of survey for the forty-four arpents. Upon the
trial of the cause, this order of his was set up as
a distinct Spanish claim. The court decided that
the title under Duvernay and the Western com-
pany was a legal title, and that, therefore, the
court had no jurisdiction. The counsel attempted
then to set up, as an imperfect title, that order of
survey which was granted by Unzaga, the Gov-
ernor, for the forty-foui arpents. Considering that
entirely disconnected with the previous title of
Dauterive, they thought they could succeed on
that, leaving out of consideration their proper
title; and they attempted to set that up as an ori-
ginal Spanish title. The court decided that that
would not do, that they could not maintain a title
upon that paper as a separate Spanish title, for it
