1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
Mr. DAVIS. You are out of. order, sir. I
sent a paper to be read.
Mr. KING. These were messengers of trea-
son.
Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator from New
York to order.
Mr. BIGLER and others. He is clearly out
of order.
Mr. KING. I call the gentleman to order. I
object to the paper.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator has the meanness
to object to the Clerk reading the paper, let hijri
send it back to me, and I will read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the reading
be objected to, the question must be put to the
Senate; but the Senator himself can read it.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator has no right to
object to tne reading of the paper, and I suppose
will not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is to be decided by the Senate, and without de-
bate, whether the Clerk shall be permitted to read
the communication sent up by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. KING. I oftjected to its reception.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is out of order. The question must be put and
decided without debate.
Mr. KING. I objected to the reception of the
paper, and not to its reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that.
Mr. KING. If the paper is offered to the Sen-
ate, I object to its reception.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand that the
paper is offered to the Senate; but it is proposed
to be road as a part of the Senator's speech.
Mr. DAVIS. I am addressing the Senate; I
have the floor, and I have the right to read the
paper. If the Senator chooses to object to the
Clerk reading it, I can get it read very easily other-
wise.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Secretary will read the
rule, it will be seen that it makes it a very clear
case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is for the
Senate to decide. The question is on allowing
the paper to be read by the Clerk.
The question was put; and it was announced
that the motion appeared to be agreed to.
Mr. KING. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were'ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I hope that the
Senator from New York 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania will pause, and allow the Chair
to state the question. Those who are in favor of
ordering the paper to be read will, when their
names are called, say yea; those opposed to it will
say nay.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York not to resist, by this extraor-
dinary motion, the right to read the paper as
part of the remarks which the Senator is about
to submit. Such a proposition, I think, was never
made, before here It is the clear right of the
Senator to read the paper himself, or have it read
at the desk. Sir, it is extraordinary that the Sen-
ator from Now York 
Mr. KING. The Senator from Mississippi
has a right to read the paper, I suppose, as part
of his speech. I supposed, when he presented
it, that he wished to presentit to the Senate. I do
not want to hearitread. I maintain my objection.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is not obliged to
listen to it. The Senate do not, by hearing the
paper read, indorse its sentiments^or its conclu-
sions. The Senator from New York is not re-
sponsible for it. Ho only allows a rule which
has been practiced from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment; and I trust he will withdraw lus objec-
tl0The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that this debate is out of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
rule read in regard to the reading of papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the rule.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows:
" 14. When the reading of a paper is called for, and the
same is objected to by any member, it shall be determined
by a vote of tbe Senc te, and without debate.'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like, to inquire
if that rule has any application to this paper?
Mr. BIGLER. None whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If not, then we are pro-
ceeding under a rule that does not apply to this
paper. As I understand, that rule applies to a
paper \frhich is in the possession of the Senatef
and has been presented—a petition or any paper
that may be communicated to the Senate—but it
does not apply in this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi sent the paper up and called for
its reading. It is competent, therefore, for the
Senate to decide whether it shall be read or not.
Mr. BIGLER. That rule has clearly no ap-
plication to this case. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi had read the paper himself, no Senator
could have objected to it. Instead of reading it
himself, he simply asks that the clerk read it; that
is all. It is not a proposition to receive a paper,
or to offer a paper to the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. The particular form in
which this question arises, induces me to ask the
Chair one or two questions. I would ask the
Chair whether the reading of that paper by the
Clerk, at the request of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, makes it any part of the muniments of the
Senate; and does the paper, by being read herej
belong to the papers of the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands it is to be read as a portion of the Sen-
ator's speech.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it forms no part of
the papers of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I object to a ques-
tion being made as to its being read to the Senate;
because that will make it a matter of vote, and
make the paper a part of the proceedings of the
Senate itself. It is a mere question of courtesy
whether it shall be read at the request of a Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a very simple thing. I had
the paper in my hand, and sent it up to be read,
and took it for granted that nobody would object
to the reading of it in that way. If gentlemen
make a question on that, I have no objection to
meet that question.
Mr. COLLAMER. • I desire to object to this
mode of taking a vote on reading a private paper
which a gentleman sends up to be read as part of
his own remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is right. TheSena-
tor from New York is making this a part of the
proceedings of the Senate; and I have no objec-
tion to testing that question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to the question
being put in this way. This is not the kind of
paper that comes within that rule at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All this debate
is out of order. This question must be determined
without debate. The Secretary will call the roll
Mr. TRUMBULL, i appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair that this is a question to be de-
cided by the Senate; and on that appeal I take it
I can make a few remarks, if not upon the other
question. The Chair, in my judgment, misap-
prehends (and I speak it respectfully) the rule.
The rule that lias been read has no application to
a paper of this character. It applies to a paper
in the possession of the Senate. This is not a
paper (and so the Senator from Mississippi has
stated) in the possession of the Senate at all. It
is a private papefin the possession of the Senator
from Mississippi: not one in the possession of the
Senate, tie might have asked a brother Senator
sitting near him to read it, and such things have
been frequently done; but now, he having re-
quested the Clerk to read it, it was sent up, and
the Presiding Officer is applying to it a rule that
is not applicable to a paper of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi raises a point of order. He will
state his point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. The point of order is, that the
Chair, having submitted a question to the Senate
which is not debatable, and ordered the yeas and
nays to be called, a Senator rises to make an
appeal, and to speak upon his appeal. It cannot
be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that where a Senator appeals
from the decision of the Chair, it is competent for
him to state his reasons why he dissents from the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was what I designed
doing. I-donot wish to take ap any time about
it. 1 merely submit the proposition to the Senate
that this rule is not applicable to this case; and I
therefore appeal from the decisiofi of the Chair,
which holds that this is a paper on the reading
of which a vote can be taken underthat rule.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it strikes me
the question stands before the Senate in this way;
the Senator from Mississippi sent a paper to the
desk and asked that it be read, declaring what
paper, it was—indicating its character. The Sen-
ator from New York objected to its being read.
The Chair decided that the Senator from Missis-
sippi was entitled to have it *ead, unless it was
prohibited by a vote of the Senate; or, in other
words, that if a member called for the reading of
a paper, and it was objected to, then it should be
decided by a vote of the Senate. A Senator asked
for the reading of the rule, and. the rule was read';
Then the Senator from New York renewed his
objection and demanded a vote; and another Sen-
ator called for the yeas and nays; and* the yeas
and nays were ordered upon that vote. There is
now, therefore, the order of the Senate that the
yeas and nays be taken upon the*vote; and.an
appeal from the judgment of the Chaircomes too
late, in my apprehension, if there be an error in
it, which I am not prepared to admit or deny.
It can only be done in some mode by getting rid'
of the order of the Senate directing the paper to
beread. That ismy view. The rule of the Sen-
ate is that, where a member asks—"demands,"
I think, is the language—that the pending vote
shall be taken by yeas and nays, it may be done
by one fifth of the Senators present. One fifth
of the Senators present demanded the yeas and
nays, and the Chair so decided; and that is the
order of the Senate.
Several Senators. That is a mistake.
Mr. MASON. I beg pardon. That is my
recollection.
Mr. HALE. I simply wish to state, sir, what
will govern my vote on this case. I apprehend
that there is a mistake about it; but still, inas-
much as the question is raised by an objection, I
see no other way to get rid of it than by the Sen-
ate voting upon it. 1 have not the slightest doubt
on earth that it was competent for the Senator
from Mississippi to rend that paper, or to ask any
Senator that sat near him to read it, or to ask the
Clerk to read it, and be within the common and
ordinary practice of the Senate. I apprehend that
the more orderly way to settle it, if the Chair had
taken time to deliberate, would have been, when
an objection was made, to overrule it, and to have
ordered the paper to be read; but inasmuch as that
was not done, and objection has been taken, it
seems to mc there is no other way to decide it but
by a vote of the Senate; and I shall vote to have
it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that he misap-
prehends the Chair. He has not determined this
paper to be a paper in the possession of the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Mississippi calls for the
reading of a paper. The Senator from New York
objects to the reading- of the paper. It is compe-
tent for the Senate to determine whether the paper
shall bo read; and if so, to determine it without
debate; and hence, the Senator has nothing upon
which to predicate an appeal. The whole ques-
tion now is referred to the Senate; and that is,
whether they will have the paper read; and it
must be decided without debate.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is out of order.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will sit down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly have a right to
appeal from the decision of the Chair, that we
cannot debate this question. The Chair decides
that the Senator from Pennsylvania is out of order.
Now, I think he is clearly in order. Cannot that
question be raised somehow ? If this paper is not
such a one as I think the rule applies to—I think
the rule does not apply to it—may I not raise
that question in some shape ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator, that the Senator frorn Mis-
sissippi sends up a paper to be read; it is objected
to; and under the rule, whenever the reading of
a paper is called for and is objected to, it is to be
determined by the Senate, and without debate.
Hence the Chair decidcs that debate is not in order.
