THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
Mk BAKER. If I understand, the question
is whether the Senator from Mississippi has the
right to have the paper read as apart of his speech,
or tot read it .himself.  
The.PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ordering the paper to be read.
Mr. BAKER. I vote "yea."
Mr. COLLAMER, (when his name was called.)
I desire to know whether the question is whether
this paper shall be read asa part of the gentleman's
speech ?  
■ -The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ordering the paper to be read under the
"Mr. COLLAMER. Do I understand the Chair
to consider it a paper offered as part of the pro-
ceecftngs of the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the rule
yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I vote " nay."
Mr. FESSENDEN, (when his name was
called.) I desire, by permission of the Senate, to
say one word in explanation. 1 said, when I was
up before, that if this was offered, as I understood
it to be offered, as a part of the Senator's speech,
and merely to be read according to the ordinary
courtesy of the Senate, I was 111 favor of it. I
understand now the Chair to say, that it is offered
to be read as a paper on the table, and a part of
the proceedings of the Senate If so, I vote
the proceedings
** nay." „ . N T
' Mr. POSTER, (when his name was called.) 1
desire to say, with the permission of the Senate,
one word; and that is, that 1 do not understand
thai we can take this paper from the Senator from
Mississippi by our vote. It is his paper. If the
question were, whether the paper sKould be among
ine archives of the-Senate, I would vote " nay;"
but regarding it as a question whether the paper
shall be read or not, and not believing that this
Senate, by a unanimous vote, could make a pri-
vate paper the proj&jrty of the Senate, 1 must vote
"yea."
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to vote. I would
vote yea if I understood the Senator, from Missis-
sippi to desire to have the paper read as a part of
his speech; but if it is to be voted upon as a part
of the proceedings of the Senate, I vote nay.
The result was announced—yeas 3G, nays.13;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brown,
Cameron, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, l)avis, Dixon, Doug-
las, Fitch, Fiupatrick, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale, Hemp-
hill, Iverson, Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Polk,
Powell, Push,Rice,Sauisbury,Sebastian,Seward, Slidell,
Toombs, Wigfall, Wilson, and Yulee—Ut>.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dooltttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Harlan, King, Ten Eyck,
TrumbUH, Wade, and "Wilkinson—13.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
agreed to, and the Clerk will proceed to read the
communication.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Washington, January 1,1P61.
Sir : We have the honor to acknowledge the ifceipt of
your letter of the 30th of December, m reply to a note ad-
dressed by us to you, on the 28th of the same month, as
commissioners from South Carolina.
In reference to the declaration with which your reply
commences,that your " position as Prestdentof the United
States was already defined in the message to Congress of
the 3d instant;" that you possess "no power to change the
relations heretofore existing " between South Caiolma and
the United States, "much less to acknowledge the inde-
pendence of that State," and that consequently you could
meet us only as private gentlemen of the highest character,
with an entire willingness to communicate to Congress any
proposition we might have to make, we deem it only ne-
cessary to say that the State of South Caiolma li.ivnig, in
the exercise of that great right of self-government which
underlies all our political organizations, declared herself
sovereign and independent, we, as her representatives, felt
no special solicitude as to the character m which you might
recognize us.
Satisfied that the State had simply exercised her un-
questionable right, we were prepared, in order to reach
substantial good, to waive thofonnal considerations which
yourconstitutional scruples mighthave prevented you from
extending. We came here, therefore, expecting to be re-
ceived as you did receive us, and perfectly content, w ith
that entire willingness of which you assuied us, to submit
any proposition to Congress which we might have to make
upon the subject of the independence of the State. That
willingness was ample recognition of the condition of pub-
lic affairs, vriiicli rendered our presence necessary.
In this position, however, it is our duty both to the State
which we represent and to ourselves, tocorrcct several im-
portant misconceptions of our letter into which you have
fallen. You say:
" It was my earnest desire that such a disposition might
be made of the whole subject by Congress, who alone pos-
sesses the power to prevent the inauguration of a civil war
between the parties in regard to the possession of the Fed-
eral forts in .the haibor of Charleston; and I therefore
deeply regret that in your opinion the events of the last
twenty-four hours render this impossible."
We expressed no such opinion ; and the language which
you quote as ours is altered in its sense by the omission ot
a most important part of the sentence. What we did say
was: " But the events of the last twenty-four hours render
such an assurance impossible." Place that "assurance,
as contained in our letter, in the sentence, and we are pre-
pared to repeat it. Again, professing to quote our lan-
guage, you say: _ .,
" Thus the authorities of South Carolina, without wait-
in0* or asking for any explanation, and doubtless believing,
as°you have expressed it, that the officer had acted not only
without but against my orders," &c.
- We expressed no such opinion in reference to the belief
of the people of South Carolina. The language which you
have quoted was applied solely and entirely to our assur-
ances obtained here, and based, as you well know, upon
your own declaration—a declaration which, at that time,
it was impossible for the authorities of South Carolina to
have known.
But, without following this letter into all its details, we
pioposc only to meet the chief points of the argument.
Some weeks ago the State of Soutli Carolina declared
her intention, in the existing condition of public affairs, to
secede from the United State*. She called a convention
of her people to put her declaration infoice. The conven-
tion met and passed the oidmance of secession. All this
you anticipated, and your course of action was thoroughly
considcjed in your annual message. You declared you had
no right, and would notattempt, tbcoeiee a seceding State,
but that you were bound by your constitutional oath, and
would defend the propertv of the United States within the
borders of South Carolina, if an attempt was made to take
it by force. Seeingveryeailythatthisquestionof piopeity
was a difficult and delicate one,you manifested a desire to
settle it without collision. You did not reinforce the gar-
rison in the harbor of Charleston. You removed a dis-
tinguished and veteran officer from the command of Tort
Moultrie because he attempted to increase his supply ol
ammunition. You refused to send additional troops to the
same garrison, when applied for by the officer appointed
to succeed him. You accepted the resignation ol the old-
est and most eminent member of your Cabinet, rather than
allow the garrison to be stiengthened. You compelled an
officer stationed at Fort Sumter to return immediately to
the arsenal forty muskets which he. had taken to arm his
men. You expressed, not to one, but to many, of the most
distinguished of our public characters, whose testimony
will be placed upon the rccord whenever it is necessaiy,
youranxiety for a peaceful termination ol this controversy,
and your willingness not to disturb the nnhtaiy status ot
the forts, if commissioner should be scut io the Govern-
ment, whoso communication* you piomised to submit to
Congress. You received and acted on assuiances fiom the
highest official authorities of South Carolina that no attempt
would be made to distuib your possession of the forts and
property of the United States if you would notdistuihthcir
existing condition until the commissioneis had been sent,
and the attempt to negotiate had failed. You took from
the membeis of the House of Representatives a written
memorandum that no such attempt should be made, " pro-
vided that no reinforcements shall he sent into those forts,
andtheii relative militaiy status shall remain as at present "
And although you attach no force to the acceptance ot such
a paper—although you "considered it as nothing more in
eflect than the promise of highly honorable gentlemen"—
as an obligation on one side without corresponding obliga-
tion on the other, it must be remembered (if we are rightly
Informed) that you weie pledged, if you overdid send rein-
forcements, to return it to those fiom whom jou had re-
ceived it before you executed your resolution. You sent
orders to your officers commanding them strictly to follow
a line of conduct in confoimity with such an understand-
in". Besides all this, you had received foimal and official
notice from the Governor of South Carolina that wc had
been appointed commissioners, and were on our way to
Washington. You knew the implied condition underwhich
we came; our arrival was notilied to > ou, and an hour ap-
pointed tor an interview.
We arrived m Washington on Wednesday, at three
o'clock, and you appointed an interview with us at one the
next dav. Early on that day, (Thursday,) the news was
received here of the movement ot Major Anderson. That
news was communicated to you immediately; and you
postponed our meeting until hall past two o'clock on Fri
day, in older that you might consult your Cabinet. On
Friday we saw you ; and we called upon you then to re-
deem your pledge. You could not deny it. With the facts
we have stated, and in the face of the crowning and con-
clusive fact that your Secretary at Wai had resigned his
seat in the Cabinet upon the publicly avowed ground that
the fiction of Major Anderson had violated the pledged
fatth of the Government, and that unless the pledge was
instantly redeemed he was dishonored, denial was impos-
sible; you did not deny it. You do not deny it now ; but
you seek to escape from it" obligation on the grounds: first,
that we terminated all negotiation by demanding, as a pre-
liminary, the withdiawal of the United States troops fiom
the harbor of Charleston; and, second, that the authorities
of South Carolina, instead of asking explanation, and giv-
ing you the opportunity to vindicate youiself, took posses-
sion of other property of the United States. We will ex-
amine both.
In the first place, we deny positively that we have
ever, in an? way, made any such demand. Our letter is
in j our possession ; it will stand by this on record. In it
we inform you of the objects of our mission. We say that
it would have been our duty to have assured you of our
readiness to commence negotiations with the mo-st earnest
and anxious,desire to settle all questions between us am-
icably and to our mutual advantage; but that events had
rendered that assuiance impossible. We stated the events,
and we said that until some satisfactory explanation of these
events was given us wc could not proceed: and then, hav-
ing made this request fo; explanation, we added : " And,
in conclusion, we would urge upon you the immediate
withdrawal of the troops from the harbor of Charleston.
Under present circumstances, they are a standing menace,
winch renders negotiation impossible," &e. " Under pres-
ent circumstances." What circumstances? Why,cleaily,
the occupation of Fort Sumter and the dismantling of Foit
Moultrie by Major Anderson, in the face of your pledges,
and without explanation or practical disavowal. And there
is nothing in the letter which would or could have pre-
vented you from declining to withdraw the troops and of-
feriu" the restoration of the status to which you were
pledged if such had been your desire. It would have been
wiser and better, in our opinion, to have withdrawn the
troops; and this opinion we urged upon you, but wc de-
manded nothing but such an explanation ot the events of
the last twenty-four hours as would restore our confidence
in the spirit with which the negotiations should be con-
dUI°nereiatloii to the withdrawal of the troops from the har-
bor, we are compelled, however, to notice one passage of
your letter. Referring to it, you say:
" This I cannot do. This I will not do. Such an idea
was never thought of by me in any possible contingency.
No allusion to it had ever been made in any communica-
tion between myself and any human being."
In reply to this statement, we are compelled to say that
your conversation with us left upon our minds the distinct
impression that you did seriously contemplate the with-
drawal of the troops lioin Charleston liarbur. And in fcup-
port of this impression, we would add that we have the
positive assuiance of gentlemen of the highest possible pub-
lic jeputation and the most unsullied integrity—men whose
name and fame, secuicd !>y long seivice and patriotic
achievement, place their testimony bej'ond cavil—that such
suggestions had been made to and urged upon you by them,
anci had formed the subject of more than one earnest dis-
cussion with you. And it was this knowledge that induced
us to urge upon vou a policy which had to recommend it its
own wisdom and the might of such authority.
As to the second point—that the authorities of South
Carolina, instead of asking explanations, and giving you
oppoitumty to vindicate \ouisetf, took possession of other
property ot the United States—we would observe : 1. That
even if this were so, it does not avail you for defense, for
the oppoitumty for decision was affoided you before these
facts occurred. We arrived in Washington on Wednesday:
the news fiom Major Anderson icaehcd here early on
Thursday, and was immediately communicated to you.
All that day men of the highest consideration ; men who
had stiiven successfully to lift vou to your great office; who
had been your tried and true fi lends through the troubles
of your administration, sought you and entreated you to
act—to act at once. They told yo i that every hour com-
plicated your position. They oulv asked jou to give the
assuiance, if the facts were so; that if the commander had
acted without and against your orders, and in violation of
your pledges, you would restore the status jou had pledged
your honor to maintain. You refused to decide. Your
Secretary of War, your immediate and proper adviser in
this whole matter, waited anxiouslj ft.r your decision until
he felt that delay was becoming dishonor. More than
twelve hours passed, and two Cabinet meetings had ad-
journed before you knew what the authorities of South
Caiolma had done, and your prompt decision at any mo-
ment of that time would have avoided the subsequent com-
plications
But, if vou had known the acts of the authorities of
South Carolina, should that have prevented your keeping
your faith ? What was the condition of things ? For the
last sixty days you have had in Charleston harbornotforce
enough to hold the forts against an equal enemy. Two of
them were empty; one of those two, tiie most important
in the haibor. It could have been taken at any time. You
ought to know better than any man that it would have been
taken, but for the effoita of those who put their trust in
your honor. Believing that they were threatened by lort
Sumter especially, the people were with difficulty re-
strained from securing without blood the possession of this
important fortress. After many and reiterated assurances
given on your behalf, which we cannot believe unauthor-
ized, they determined to foibear, and in good faith sent on
their commissioners to negotiate with you. They meant
jou no haim—wished jou no ill. They thought of you
kindly, believed you true, and were willing, as far as was
consistent with duty, to spare you unnecessary and hostile
collision. Scarcely had these commissioners left than
Major Andernonv&ged war. No other words will describe
his action. It was not a peaceful change from one fort to
another: it was a hostile act in the highest sense, and only
justified in the piesencc of a superior enemy, and in immi-
nent ppiil. He abandoned his position, spiked his guns,
burnt his gun-carriages, made preparations forthedestiuc-
tion of his post, and withdrew under cover of the night to
a safer position. This was war. No man could have- be-
lieved (without your assurance) that any officer could have
taken such a step, " not only without orders, but against
orders."
What the State did was in simple self-defense ; for this
act, with all its attending circumstances, was as much war
as firing a volley; and war being thus begun, until those
commencing it explained then action and disavowed their
intention, there was no room for delay; and even at this
moment, while we are wilting, it is more than probable,
from the tenor of your letter, that reinforcements are hur-
rying on to the conflict, so that when the first gtfri shall bo
fired there will have been, on your part, one continuous,
consistent series of actions, commencing m a demonstra-
tion essentially warlike, supported by icgular reinforce-
ment, and terminating m defeat or victoiy. And ail this
without the slightest provocation; for, among the many
things which you have said, there is one thing you cannot
sav—you have waited anxiously for news from the seat ot
war, in hopes that delay would t'urnish some excuse for this
precipitation. But this " tangible evidence of a design to
proceed to a hostile act, on the part ot the authorities of
South Carolina," which is the only justification ot Major
Anderson, you are forced to admit, "has not yet
leged." But you have decided; you have resolved to lioia
