THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1861.
New Series No. 79.
judge as if the appropriation stood without any
other language connected with it. It has not been
recommended by any Department. We have had
no definite statement, I think, even from the lips
of the Senator who presented it, of the particular
purposes to which it is to be applied.
Besides, Mr. President, though I admit that
the liberality oftheSenator [Mr. Baker] disposes
me to exert towards him, even if it were not his
right otherwise, all the courtesy which can be
claimed for or allowed to any member of the body,
1 feel that it is my duty to resist this amendment,
because its introduction was a violation of parlia-
mentary law, which, however said to have been
practiced here, is an abuse, a vicious practice, and
never should be tolerated. If it has existed, if it
has been the practice, as some gentlemen inform
me, for several years, it is high time that it was
broken up. This amendment was offered by the
Senator from Oregon, as he stated, under the au-
thority of the Committee on Public Lands. I
made the objection to it that the Committee on
Public Lands had no jurisdiction over this subject;
that it was not competent for them to present an
amendment of such a nature to a military bill. I
had not then the parliamentary books at hand, but
it sti uck me that it must be obvious to the Senate
that a committee whose very name designates its
purpose, could only act upon that which was
committed to it. In the House of Representatives
the rule designates the duties of each committee.
In the Senate there is no such designation of du-
ties; but then, according to parliamentary law,
their duties are implied from the very name which
the rule gives to the committee. The subject of
public lands is appropriate to the Committee on
Public Lands, and no other subject, unless that
other subject be committed to them by a special
vote of the body. It is the fact that to these smaller
bodies, carved out of the great body of the House,
the Senate commits particular subjects, and they
are called committees. The parliamentary law I
will read. I read now from Cushing's Laws and
Practice of Legislative Assemblies:
"A committee is not at liberty to entertain any proposi-
tion, or go into any inquiry which does not come within
the direct purpose for which the committtce is appointed,
and as exprea&ed, or clearly implied in the authority con-
ferred upon it, or which is not grounded upon smne paper
which is referred to the consideration of the committee."
Again, the same author says:
" A committee, as we have seen, has no other authority
than to do as it js ordered by the Hou--e, or to report ltd
opinion upon the subject referred to it; hut it has no author-
ity, unless expressly conferred upon it, to report for the
consideration of the House any act of legislation, as a hill
or joint resolution "
I will add, as an amendment, also. Again:
" When the report is agreed to by the committee, the
chaiunan, or some other member, is directed to present it
to the House.'1
"The chairman " of what? Of the commit-
tee. "Some other member" of what? Of the
House, or of the committee? Of the committee,
of course. As the chairman of the committee
may present it to the House, so any other mem-
ber of the committee may; and therefore, it follows
that a member of the House not of (he commit-
tee cannot present it. He is not the organ of the
committee, and cannot be directed,as the Senator
from Virginia well argued yesterday, to make any
report, or present any proposition from that com-
mittee, of which he is not a member.
Now, sir, I am told by the presentoccupantof
the chair, [Mr. Bright,] and by other gentlemen,
that this parliamentary law has been violated re-
peatedly in the Senate. I was not before aware
of it. 1 had supposed, when any member of the
Senate offered an amendment as from a particular
committee, that he was a member of that com-
mittee. I had not been sharp enough to witness
the departure from the parliamentary law. I
have no doubt, since the fact has been stated to
me by yourself, sir, and by others, that it is so;
and that this loose and vicious practice has been
puisued in the Senate, not approved by the Sen-
ate, not recognized by the benate, not receiving
that sort of sanction which usages do obtain
sometimes, in the Senate by the concurrence of'
79
the body; but in spite of the knowledge of the
Senate, it has been practiced, or at all events, with-
out any remonstrance being made or any notice
being taken of the fact; and it is high time, now,
that this was stopped. No committee of this
body has the right, under the parliamentary law,
to present propositions to the Senate, unless the
general subject-matter belongs to their jurisdic-
tion,'or there has been a special reference of it to
them.
I say, then, sir, that this amendment is objec-
tionable on that ground: that the clear rule of the
parliamentary law ought to be enforced by re-
jecting any such amendment, even if the Chair
should declare it to be in order. Besides, as I
have said before, we really do not know how this
money will be applied. If it is to be spent in mil-
itary preparations for the protection of emigrants
oyer the plains, it will be of no sort of value. It
will be but a drop in the bucket. I take it that
$500,000 would be necessary to get up a proper
military expedition to protect emigrants over the
plains. At all events, this appropriation is en-
tirely too small for any efficient aid, and it is ca-
pable of application to any purpose to which the
Secretary of War for the time beiflg may think
proper to apply it; all of which, with me, are
abundant reasons for rejecting it.
Mr. GWIN. I shall vote for this amendment
in any form in which it comes up, because I think
it is a very proper appropriation and for a very
proper object, the protection of emigrants to the
Pacific coast; but I hope the Senator from Oregon
will make it a little more general. He has left
out California. I thiqk he had better put in Cali-
fornia. A great many emigrants to all the States
and Territories of the Pacific travel on a common
route for a great portion of the way; and I think,
therefore, that the amendment ought to include
the California frontier.
Mr. BAKER. I have no objection.
Mr. GWIN. I will state that this is certainly
not a new subject of expenditure. Heretofore,
the United States have expended money in pro-
tecting emigrants in crossing the plains. One
hundred and ninety-five thousand dollars was paid
out of the civil fund of California for the purpose
of defending emigrants in 1849, and the expendi-
ture was sanctioned by the Congress of the United
States. Many lives were saved by the use of the
money for that purpose. I think it is better to
make appropriations of this kind than to have
portions of the standing Army stationed along the
line, who never can catch an Indian, and who
never punish any of the depredations that are
committed on emigrants. I think it is a policy
which it is wise to pursue, to give this fund to
the Secretary of War, and leave him the power
to use it for the purpose of protecting the emi-
grants. I hope the Senator from Oregon will
accept my amendment and include California, as
well as Oiegon and Washington.
Mr. MASON. It does seem to me, that if a
practice has grown up in the Senate, of which I
am really unconscious, by which the standing
committees of the Senate consider themselves at
liberty to present questions to the body for legis-
lation on subjects thathave never been committed
to them by the Senate, that practice should be
changed. I was clear in my recollection of the
parliamentary law, in the debate yesterday after-
noon, that it was impossible that a committee of
the Senate, as a committee, had a parliamentary
right to bring before the Senate a subject for le-
gislation which had not been committed to their
inquiry by the action of the Senate. 1 make it,
therefore, a1* a question of order, that this amend-
ment is not in order, because, although reported
by a committee, it is upon a subject with which
that committee lias not been chaiged by the Sen-
ate. I agree entirely with the authorities read by
the Senator from Maryland: hut apart from that
objection, the Committee on Public Lands is cer-
tainly transcending any authority it derived from
this body, in rcpomngan amendment of that sort
for the appropriation of money not connected with
the public lands. I make this as a question of
order, that the Committee on Public Lands have
reported an amendment asking an appropriation
by.the Senate, upon a subject never committed to
them by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Chair will remark, that the
question of order was raised yesterday and de-
cided. The only way to accomplish tfie object
of the Senator from Virginia, is to vote down the
amendment.
Mr. MASON. We are now in the Senate, and -
I suppose a question raised in Committee of the
Whole can be raised again in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of order was raised yesterday in Committee of
the Whole, and the Senate decided to receive the
amendment.
Mr. MASON. Very well; but I understand."
the bill now is in the Senate, and not in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It comes up in a new shape,
and before a different body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been received and agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and now the question is,
whether it shall be concurred in by the Senate.
The only way to accomplish the Senator's pur-
pose is to reject the amendment.
Mr. MASON. It may be that I am wrong in
the question of order on that ground. I shall vote
against the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from California, to insert the word
" California" after " Oregon."
Mr. LANE. The motion now, as I under-
stand, is to make this appropriation applicable to
Washington and California as well as to Oregon.
It is very manifest that $50,000, divided into three
parts, and one third of the sum applied to the
protection of each route, will not be sufficient. It
will afford no protection. If the appropriation
is to be made available, and to be used for protec-
tion in fact as well as in name aifd in promise,
then it should he of a sufficient amount to enable
the Secretary of War to employ additional force—
force not now known to the Army, and not a
portion of it.
Unless this be done, it will be of no service to
us, of no service to the emigrants. Instead of
trying to divide the $50,000 into three parts, to
piovi'de for protecting emigrants on the three dif-
ferent routes, I think the Senator had better pro-
pose to appropriate $50,000 for each of the three
routes—$50,000 for the protection of emigrants to
Oregon; $50,000 for the protection of emigrants
to California, and the same amount for those to
Washington Territory. Then the Secretary of
War may feel that he is authorized, under such
an appropriation, to employ force outside of the
Army—some hired escort for the protection of
emigrants; but, unless it is done m that way, I do
not see how it can afford any protection. Surely,
it <?nn afford none, unless he is authorized to em-
ploy some force not now in the Army.
I suggest to the Senator that, with the view of
accomplishing the object which we hold out the
idea that we mean to do, the amendment should
propose to appropriate at least $50,000 for each
route, and to authorize the Secretary of War to
employ such force as he can for the $50,000 on
each route, to accompany, protect, and escort the
emigrants. The Secretary of War has told us
that this bill will give him all the money neces-
sary for the Army as it is; but unless something
be clone in addition to this amendment, no ad vant-
age will ever be derived from it, not a single par-
ticle of protection will be afforded in addition to
' what there would be without it. I would not only
vote this, but I would vote $500,000 for that pur-
pose; and I wouldauthonze the Secretary of War
to employ additional force for that special and
particular service.
I make this suggestion that this amendment may
be made available, that some good may come from
it, that protection in fact may be afforded. It will
afford none to divide the sn^all sum of $50,000
into three parts,^ an,$ assign it to three different
