1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
routes. No Senator can say that that will be of
any service to any emigrant. It is nonsense to
talk about it. It is deceiving the emigrants. It is
promising them protection which they will not
receive;and we ought not to hold out to them an
inducement to believe that protection will be af-
forded, when in fact it will not be. In that way
we shall lead into danger many families that would
otherwise not be thrown in that position.
I do not make these remarks because I am op-
posed to this amendment, butbecause I am opposed
to dividing the appropriation, because I know it
is not enough for the purpose. Let the Senator
from California ask that it be increased to $500,000,
and that the Secretary of War be authorized to
employ additional force to escort and protect emi-
grants on the three routes, and then he can afford
adequate protection*, but it will not be done by
cutting up this sum among the three routes.
Mi*rBAKER. Mr. President, I very much re-
gret that the time of the Senate is to be taken up
by repeated discussions and reiteration of discus-
sions upon a matter so small as this; but justice
to my amendment, and to the view which the Sen-
ate has already taken, requires me to say three or
four words about it.
Here is a strange combination against a little
amendment. Here is the distinguished Senator
fromKentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] who opposes
it because "the dark and bloody ground" was
won without Government appropriation, when
the Government was too poor to make any, and
Kentucky was too gallant to need it. TheSenator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] joins in the attack,
because he sees, as he always sees, constitutional
difficulties. They glimmer before his eyes. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] opposes it
because he finds in musty recordsjbrmer .decisions
upon points of order, or questions decided as to
the powers of committees, which the practice of
the Senate has reversed a hundred times. The
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane] brings his mil-
itary genius to bear upon the subject, and opposes
it practically-, he says otherwise, but it is my re-
spectful judgment that he does oppose, and has
opposed practically, the measure from the begin-
ning, because he thinks it is not enough, or be-
cause he thinks it is not necessary, or because lie
thinks the money is not to be expended in the
right way. The Senator will not mislead anybody
here by pretending that he is very much in favor
of the amendment, and proposing to increase the
sum m a way to kill it altogether.
Now, I will turn my attention to all these views
for a few minutes; and, first, as to,the point of
order. It was made yesterday. It was deliber-
ately decided in accordance with the practice of
the Senate, upon this identical bill, again and
again; and 1 suggest to the benevolence of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maryland, that it is a
very poor time and way to bring up a question of
order upon a question of humanity to a whole peo-
ple and a great frontier. If the question of order
were to be brought up upon some appropriation
to give somebody, upon some old claim, $50,000,
or $150,000, or $250,000, there would not have
been half as much said about it. Why it is that
gentlemen combine to defeat this poor, pitiful ap-
propriation, I confess I do not exactly see from
anything they have said yet.
Next, as to what the Senator from Virginia
says. 1 will take occasion, in the Senate, some
time, to endeavor to point out why it is that he
is continually making this class of objections;
with all respect to him, I have not the time now.
This is one of a class which are beginning to lose
their power in this body; and I think that is a
great improvement.
The Senator from Oregon says the appropria-
tion is too small. It is; but it is better to take it,
small as it is, than risk more and get nothing. He
says it is a subdivision of $50,000 on the whole
eastern frontier of California, of Oregon, and of
Washington.
Mr. LANE. That is by the amendment of the
Senator from California.
Mr. BAKER. J
have accepted the amendment,
of the Senator fiom California in the spirit of
liberality, by which 1 hope to be distinguished as
long as i have a seat here. If there be need on
the whole eastern frontier of Oregon, Washing-
ton, and California, let us give it to the whole;
and 1 have left the amendment purposely that it
may be expended, first, under the direction of the I
Secretary of War; and, second, that it need not
be expended at all unless it meets his approbation
as a question of necessity. That is the answer
to the whole thing; and if gentlemen from Cali-
fornia and Oregon are to lose their appropriations
here because they are not large enough, and are to
take nothing because we cannot get all, we shall
wait a long while before we get much.
Those of us who have been upon that frontier
—and the Senator from Oregon knows it as well
as any other living man—know the difficulty, the
danger, the trial, the privation, the dread, and the
fear of the people on that route. I have received
more letters from Oregon desiring the protection
of the frontier by some appropriation of this sort,
than upon any single subject about which I have
heard a word from Oregon. Now, in the last days
of the session,I submit to the cooler judgmentof
the Senator from Oregon whether it is not ungra-
cious to attempt to oppose it by indirection. As
I had occasion to say to him on another subject,
we disagree; we shall probably disagree; but
there is no good reason why either political or
personal disagreement should tend to the defeat
of this measure. The Senate adopted it deliber-
ately yesterday; and I have no doubt the Senate
will just as deliberately adopt it again to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word in relation to this amendment. I was not
in the Senate when it was adopted yesterday." It
seems to imply that the Secretary of War, in some
way or other, is to furnish protection to the emi-
grants on the route across to the Pacific. If he has
any mode of protecting them, I suppose it is by
the employment of the Army, or some portion of
the Army, if not, if he is to use any new means,
it is to use a new corps to be added to the Army
under his control. We have a corps, I believe,
of sappers and miners; a corps of artillery, of
infantry, of light infantry, and dragoons, and all
that. Now, aie we to establish a new corps of
escort, a new branch of the .Army, with this ap-
propriation ? What ate we to do practically ? I
wantto know what is to be done with this money.
Mr. BAKER. I will tell the honorable Sen-
ator one way. He knows the difficulty of giving
him a long detail of a plan which none of us have
thoroughly mastered; but let me suggest to him,
if he were Secretary of War, what I think he
would do. He would say: "I have a very small
fund here for the protection of the emigrants in
the dangcious pa< ts of the route; now I will make
an arrangement with the young men going over
in the various trains from all parts of the Atlantic
slope to the western slope, that they shall remain
here at the difficult places a week, a month, or
two months, during the passage of the emigrant
trains there, providing them provisions, organ-
izing them to remain there until the last train
shall have passed." If that had been done last
fall, it would have saved very many valuable
lives; for it is within our knowledge, that within
twenty miles, I believe, of a column of regular
troops, a dreadful massacre occurred in a spot
which we are now endeavoring, among others, to
protect. That is a mere suggestion. If, at last,
the Secretary of War does not see some good way
to do it, he will not do it, and the money will not
be spent. I trust gentlemen will permit the amend-
ment to be voted upon, and not subject me to the
imputation that 1 am endeavoring to delay the
Senate in a matter which has been suiiiciently
discussed.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will suggest to my friend from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] in regard to this amend-
ment including California, that it is well known
that the great emigrant route to the Pacific slope—
the route which is traveled by nine tenths of the
emigrants going to, and returning from, Califor-
nia, Oregon, and Washington—is one and the
same. I suppose there are hundreds of thousands
of emigrants upon the Pacific who have passed
over that route. Its difficulties and dangers are
well known. There are some points where the
Indians commit depredations; there are some
points where the emigants suffer greatly for the
want of provisions and water; and a small sum
of money may save many lives, as the Senator
f *oin Oregon who has just addressed the Senate,
[Mr. Baker ,] has stated. The appropriation that
1 spoke of a while ago, that was made by Gen-
eral Smith in 1849, saved hundreds of persons
fiom starving; and that use of the money was
sanctioned by Congress, and credited to him m
his accounts. A small sum of money thus em-
ployed would do a great deal of good. I stated
here some years ago, before the Senator was a
member of this body, that there is gieut ineffi-
ciency in the Army of the United States on that
frontier. It is not the kind of force that doesgood
in such a service. I suggested, that if you estab-
lished a brigade after the style of the Texas ran-
gers, and made my friend from Oregon [Mr. Lane]
brigadier general, and Jack Hayes and Ben Mc-
Culloch the colonels, with two thousand men, we
would take care of all the Indians from Oregon to
the mouth of the Rio Grande. Now, I undertake
to say, that if the Secretary of War, with the
proper discretion, were to authorize such a man
as Jack Hayes, who is familiar with this kind of
service, to protect certain points on the routes,
and especially on the great emigrant route that
carries the great bulk of our people to the Pacific
slope, we could, with $50,000, save many lives,
and prevent the expenditure, probably, of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars in Indian wars and
in the moving of troops of the United States,
which cannot move but at a great expense. A
small corps of individuals, employed for tempo-
rary service, for the mere purpose of protection,
can move about and protect emigrants passing
over the routes, in a manner that the Army of the
United States cannot do.
The proposition is not to establish a new corps
in the Army. It is intended for a specific purpose,
to employ these incidentals merely for a portion
of the year, and for protection; not to make war,
but to prevent war, and to provide provisions for
suffering emigrants. That was the way it was
done in 1849, and many hundreds of lives were
saved. I believe an appropriation of this sort can
be usefully employed. I requested the insertion of
my State m this amendment. I do not ask for an
inciease of the appropriation, because I do not
think wc can get it increased. I suggest this
amendment because there is a common route to
the two States and the Territory on the Pacific. I
should like to have a great deal more than this
amendment appropriates; but I am afraid that we
cannot get more. I think that we should have
some arrangement made for protecting the points
where the depredations are committed, and where
there is the greatest suffering. Those points are
well-known, and a small sum of money will go a
great way to accomplish the purpose, in the hands
of persons skilled in frontier life, and moving with
| great rapidity. The Army of the United States
; moves at the rate of about twenty miles aday,and
it is done at a vast expenditure; but a force of this
description could travel eighty or a hundred miles
a day. I think the operation of that would do a
great deal of good. Certainly, I would give the
Secretary of War the discretion of making pro-
vision for the protection of emigrants.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from California that an amendment
has been put on this bill by which the Indian
department has been put under the control of the
Secretary of War. Of course, the Secretary of
War controls the Army, and posts them where
he pleases; and I suppose it will hereafter be a
part of his business to look after the Indians, and
preventdepredations, and that is the mam purpose
of the Army. This is, however, establishing a
new branch under the Secretary of War.
Mr. G WIN. I think this amendment will be
useful, because I believe the Secretary of War
can use this $50,000 so as to give more protection
to emigrants than he could by moving the Army,
at a cost of one hundred and fifty or two hundred
thousand dollars. It is very expensive to move
the Army. You cannot move them from point to
point very readily. This is a temporary force,
for a particular object; a force consisting of tem-
porary employes, who will only be wanted for a
short period of the year. 1 am of the opinion
that a great deal of good may be done.
Air. LANE. I rise now to say the last word
I think 1 shall say in relation to th s amendment.
j| I niufctcxprcss a de<p regivt that the Sonatoi from
11 California does not uudet stand the question. Nor
J docs the Senator fiom Ote^on comprehend it at
; all. 1 have no hesitation in saying that. I see
the Senator from Wisconsin does comprehend the
question. He knows, what every Senator knows,
that the money appropriated and placed in the
hands of the Secretary of War adus not one bit
oi protection to Me emigrant, unless you author-
