290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
and the Senate can understand, it at once, and be
prepared to act upon it. I do not think that is a
sufficient reason for the postponement of a meas-
ure s<? vitally important. As has been said by the
Senator from Oh io, if this proposition be not agree-
able, the time has arrived when we ought to con-
sider some measure. I trust the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky will be considered
now; that we will proceed in good earnest, and
adhere to that consideration until the Senate has
arrived at a determination.
It is utterly unnecessary for me, or any other
Senator, to attempt to picture the condition of our
once happy country. "We are in imminent peril.
The Government even is in danger. The whole
country is deeply agitated. Mutual exasperation
is inflaming the whole land. Sir, 1 feel that every
other question sinks into insignificance compared
with that embodied in the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky; and I will only repeat that
action ought to be had on his proposition as it
now stands; for you will remember it contem-
plates, first, getting an expression from the peo-
ple in order that his amendments may be adopted
by a two-thirds vote in Congress, and submitted
to the States for ratification. We have now but
about seven weeks remaining: of the session; and
unless we act promptly, it will be idle to act upon
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky at
all. There will be no time to get the sense of the
people, and afterwards act upon these proposed
amendments. I therefore trust that no Senator
Will ask a postponement; that no other business
will be interposed—the Pacific railroa*d bill or any-
thing else—but that we shall proceed to consider
this great question that involves the peace of the
country, and that we shall adhere to that consid-
eration late and early until we have decided, and,
I trust, decided happily.
Sir, I feel deeply the impression that we have
already neglected this great question. I am one
of those who believe that there is a political and
moral influence in this city, to save the country
from civil war, and the union from dissolution;
and the hour has come when men must assume
the responsibility and act. I cannot believe that
there is a member of this body who is not pre-
pared to act, and, I trust, act with the utmost de-
sire to reclaim our country from its unhappy con-
dition. 1 am not willing, for one, even as threat-
ening as the aspects are, to conclude that it is too
late. It is never too late to struggle for this great
country, for this Union under which we "have
frown and prospered as yo other people ever did
e/ore on the face of the earth. For one, I shall
not be willing to consider any other proposition;
and I say that, intended more especially for my
friend from California, [Mr. Gwin,] who is anx-
ious to get up his railroad bill. For one, I shall
insist upon final action upon these questions that
concern the peace of the country, before we at-
tempt to consider anything else.
Mr. SA1JLSBURY. Mr. President, if any fu-
ture Gibbon shall describe the decline and fall of
tin's great Republic, he will date that fall from the
rejection of the resolutions offc red by the Senator
from Kentucky. I believe, firmly attached as I
am to the Union of these States, that if those prop-
ositions are rejected by this Senate, peace will
have fled the land, and it will in future be in vain
that we sing hosannas to the Union. I hope we
shall have a vote now, that the country may know
whether there is patriotism enough in the Senate,
whether there isa sincere love enough of the Union
actuating the minds and governing the action of
Senators here, to save it by the adoption of these
resolutions.
I will not detain the Senate. I feel that the
moment is an important one. I feel that the
very continuance of this Government rests upon
the adoption of these resolutions; and I hope that
we shall proceed to vote upon them.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I introduced
certain resolutions to the notice of the Senate at
the commencement of the session to-day. I gave
notice that I would move them as an amendment
to the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky,
and asked that they might be printed. TheSen-
ate ordered them to bo printed. The manuscript
went to the Secretary of the Senate, and has gone
into the hands of the Printer. I have no manu-
script, nor any copy of these resolutions, for the
information of the Senate as to the amendment I
desire to make; and, therefore, my amendment
cannot be acted on now if these resolutions are
pressed. I feel the importance of the occasion,
Mir. President, but I do not believe that an hour
or two this afternoon will be the salvation of the
country; and I do not think that we shall receive
any detriment if we postpone these resolutions
until to-morrow, in order to act on the amend-
ment which I propose. I cannot offer it now any
further to the Senate because 1 have not the amen d~
ment in my possession.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion until to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. Before that motion is put, I
will ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
propose an amendment to the first article pro-
posed by mycolleaguc. The amendment carries
out tire intention of the draftsman of the resolu-
tion. My colleague will accept it.
Mr. SIMMOiNS. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary"
will report the amendment. ,
The Secretary read it: to insert in lino fourteen
of the first article of the resolution, after the word
" territory," the words, " now held or hereafter
to be acquired;" so that it will read:
In all the territory now held or hereafter to he acquired
south of said line of latitude, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be
in order to act upon that amendment unless by
common consent.
Mr. POWELL. I understand it was received
by common consent. I hear no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS and Mr. GRIMES. I object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I accept the amend-
ment, if I have a right to do so.
Mr. POWELL. My colleague accepts th£
amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. That does not make it a part
of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky that it is not
competent for his colleague to accept it except by
the action of the Senate. The amendment lies
over under the rules.
Mr. WADE. Let us hear it read. I do not
know what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
read the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let him read the article
with the proposed amendment in, in order to let
us see how it will read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Art. 1. In all the teriitoiy of the United States now held
or hereafter acquired, situate north of latitude 36° 30',sla-
very or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
eriiue, is prohibited, while sueli teintory shall remain under
territorial government. In all the teiritory now held, or
hereafter to bo acquired, south of said line of latitude, sla-
very of the African race is hereby recognized as existing,
and frhall not be interfered with by Congressj but shall be
protected as pioperty by <'ili the departments of the terri-
torial government during its continuance; and when any
terntoiy, north or south of said line, within such bound-
aiics as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the popula-
tion requisite for a member of Congress, according to the
then Federal ratio of tepresentation of the people of the
United Slates, it shall, if its form of government be repub-
lican, be admitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States, with or without slavery, as the consti-
tution of such new State may provide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it will not be in order to consider the
amendment now; and the question recurs on the
motion to postpone the further consideration of
the joint resolution until to-morrow at half-past
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BIGLER. As the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Gwin] is absent at present, and I know
he is very anxious to get up the bill, I will sub-
mit a motion that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. B1GLER. I know that; but we can re-
sume its consideration to-day.
Mr. MASON. I understood it was postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. BIGLER. That is true; but it is perfectly
competent for the Senate to reverse that decision
and take up the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
must be to reconsider the vote postponing the bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. BIGLER. I will put it in that shape.
Mr. MASON. I hope not. I want to get a
vote on the resolution which I offered on Satur-
day, and which I attempted to get up this morn-
ing, calling for information from the Secretary of
War. I hope, therefore, that this motion will not
be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania insist on his motion to
reconsider the vote postponing the bill for the
construction of the Pacific raihoad until to-mor-
row ?
Mr. BIGLER. I do.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Davis, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Mailan, John-
son of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Latham, Mallorv,Nicl>-
olson, Pugh. Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Clay, Cling-
man, Crittenden,Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hemphill, Iver-
son, Lane, Mason, Powell, Sauisbury, Siidell, Toombs, and
Yuiee—1S.
So the motion to reconsider the vote postponing
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster hi
the chair.) The question now recurs on the ori-
ginal motion to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
before the Senate.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia will please state his point of order.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire,to know whether this
bill is now in order in preference to any other. I
do not understand it to be the unfinished business
of the last sitting. It was taken up; but there is
a prior order set for to-day, and 1 think that of
course must crowd this out.
Mr. GWIN. The Pacific railroad bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will allow me
to take up the other order, I will move to post-
pone it, in order to avoid any further difficulty, to
some future day. I think it is entitled to pre-
cedence, beine: a special order set for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill which
was the special order for one o'clock was the bill
declaratory of the acts for carrying into effect the
ninth article of the treaty between the United
States and Spain. That was the bill specially
appointed for one o'clock this day.
Mr. IVERSON. The railroad bill was set for
the same time"; but of course the Florida claims
bill crowded that out, and now comes up as a
matter of course in precedence of all others. Does
the Chair consider that bill now before the Sen-
ate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, as it is the oldest special Older, it
will stand first in the order of business.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I move to postpone it
until Wednesday, the 23d of tins month, and
make it the special order for that day at one
o'clock.
TLre motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to take up the Pa-
cific railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
701) to secure contracts, and make provision for
the safe, certain, and more speedy transportation,
by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of war,
military and naval stores, between the Atlantic
States and those of the Pacific, and for other pur-
poses; the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bragg to add to the end of the first
section the following:
Nor until said acts of incorporation shall have been sub-
mitted to and appioved by the Congress ot the United
States.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided further, That the said persons and their asso-
ciates shall not be or become vested with any grant, light,
