1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29H
orinterest, intended to be secured bythe provisions of this
act, otherwise than in a corporate character and capacity,
to be first acquired by them, or such of them as shall ac-
cept tho terms and conditions of this act, within the terri-
toual and State jurisdictions into and through which the
railroad contemplated by tins act shall be constructed, nor
until said acts of incorporation shall have been submitted
to and approved by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that this bill he
referred to a select committee of five members. It
seems to me, the bill is so imperfect as it came
from the House, that for the Senate to go on at
this time and consider it, would make necessary
so many amendments,and so much alteration in
the bill, that the safest and most direct way to
perfect it is to refer it to a select committee, so
that it may be carefully considered.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will not adopt
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota. I be-
lieve that if this bill is taken from before the Sen-
ate, it will be its destruction during this session;
and I ask every friend of the Pacific railroad to
stand by the bill as it is, and keep it before the
Senate. It can be amended, if, in the opinion of
the majority of the Senate, it is not a perfect bill,
just as well when it is under consideration in the
Senate.
As to the idea of referring it to a select com-
mittee, why, sir, it has been before six select com-
mittees of this body already in the last eight or
nine years, and every one of those bills was be-
fore the select committee of the lower House
when they reported this bill. If we were to sit
upon the bill until doomsday we could get no more
information than there is now on the files of the
Senate. We have got twenty Pacific railroad bills
now on the flies of the Senate, to which any mem-
ber can refer if necessary to make an amendment
to the bill before the Senate. This motion seems
to me to be destructive to any action on the Pa-
cific railroad bill during this session. There are
motions now to amend that bill, and it can be per-
fected by the time the vote is taken^ppon them,
as much as it will be by reference to a committee.
I have served for years and years as chairman of
a select committee on the subject. We have
spent days and weeks of labor in maturing bills
which are now on the files of the Senate. One
that was reported during the last session of Con-
gress is now the first bill in order regularly on
the files of the Senate; arid I undertake to say that
, no committee of this body will ever make a more
perfect bill in its details than the*t. Tho great
question of difference now is in regard to the num-
ber of routes, and we can settle that as well heie
before the Senate as we can by a sclect commit-
tee. I hope, therefore, that the bill will not be
destroyed by being leferred to a select committee.
Mr. BRAGG. According to the Senator from
California, it seems that this body is to take the
bill as it comes from the House of Representa-
tives, and no other bill. Now, sir, I do not un-
derstand that sort of legislation or that sort of
management.
Mr. GWIN. I said nothing of the sort. I
said the bill could be amended.
Mr. BRAGG. I beg the Senator's pardon. I
know he said the bill could be amended, and I am
going on to give the reasons why I think it ought
to be referred to a committee. The mere fact that
itcomes from the other branch of Congressaffords
no reason, it seems to mo, in this body, why we
ought not to take the same course with it as we
do with other bills of an important character.
This is a bill of a very important nature. It in-
volves a large expenditure of money and of means
by this Government. Now, I shall not go into
the matter at all, nor do-I propose at any time,
perhaps, to go into the question as to the number
of railroads which shall be constructed; but when j
this bill was before the Senate the other day, !
various objections were presented, and some of j
them, I think, of a very substantial character; |
and it was the evident sense of the body that the !
bill did require amendment in several important j
particulars. Nobody knows better than my ex- 1
perienced friend from California that, when divers
amendments are puttoa bill, they in some degree
disarrange and disorder the bill itself, and that it
becomes necessary, when those amendments are
made, to examine with care in order to see how
the bill will workfefter the amendments have been
put upon it.
I take it for granted, from what occurred in the
Senate on Saturday, that this bill will be amended,
and ought to be amended, in several very import-
ant particulars; and after that is done, as I think
it ought to be done, and I hope it will be done—
and I think the Senate evinced a disposition to do
it on Saturday—it is requisite that it should go to
a committee, in order that we may not have con-
fusion produced, and contradictions in the bill.
It is a long and elaborate bill, and I care not what
the Senator may say as to the number of similar
bills that have been before this body, this bill is
so framed as to require amendment, and I think
the Senate will amend it. They have already
amended it in one particular; and the best place
to see, first, whether amendments ought to be
put on, and next, how to arrange the whole bill,
so as to make the amendments congruous, is a
select committee. We are not able here to see
what amendments are necessary in order to per-
fect a bill after we once alter it; and it is abso-
lutely necessary—indispensable almost—that the
bill, with amendments, should go to a committee,
in order that this state of confusion may not be
produced. I hope, therefore, that the motion
made by the honorable Senator on the other side
will prevail. I have no idea that it will result in
the way the Senator from California says it will
result. I see no reason why it should result in
that way. I see no reason why we should hurry
this bill through this body, particularly at this
time, and with the hot haste with which it is
pressed. It is an important measure. It is due
to the country, and to the whole country, tum-
bling to pieces as it is now, that this bill should
not be hurried through under the circumstances,
as it is attempted to hurry it through now. It
ought to be considered, and well considered. In-
stead of that, we are met on every occasion here
with the objection that this bill has been before
the other House; that it has passed there; and
appeals are made to gentlemen who are in favor
of a Pacific railroad, to stand by this bill, and
nothing else. Is that the proper spirit of legis-
lation m the Senate of the United States > With
all proper respect for my friend from California,
I say that it is not.
I hope that the motion will prevail, and that
this bill, with the various amendments offered,
will be allowed to go to a committee; and I sup-
pose,upon thatcommittee, there will probably be
a majority in favor of the bill. It can be consid-
ered, it can be arranged, and it can be reported
to the body. But as it is now—in the way my
friend is endeavoiing to hurry through this bill—
we are legislating m a great degree m the dark.
I want the test of a committee as applied to this
bill. It is a patch-work concern. I care not
where it was got up. There arc objections to it;
and the more we consider it, and discuss it, and
examine it, the more manifest will those objec-
tions be made, I think. I want to have the aid
of a committee to examine this bill deliberately,
t6 see where it ought to be amended.
Air. GWIN. Tho Senator has answered him-
self in his own speech. He here moves to refer
this bill to a select committee, in order to exam-
ine it, and to examine the amendments of the Sen-
ate, when the Senate has put but one amendment
on it. He says the bill has been urged by its
friends. Why, Mr. President, we have had but
one day during this whole session to consider it;
and I appeal to the Senate if there has been any
importunity exhibited by the friends of the bill to
press it through improperly wuhouta fair discus-
sion. If it were to go to a select committee, it
would come back from thatcommittee and be con-
sidered here probably for weeks: and that is one
of the very means adopted by the Senator from
North Carolina, who is an enemy to any species
of Pacific railroad bill. A thousand committees
could not frame a bill that he would vote for. It
is pait of the tactics of the enemies of this meas-
ure to refer it to a select committee; and when it
comes back to the Senate, it will have to undergo
the same discussion as heretofore. A few years ago
we discussed a bill reported by a select commit-
tee after elaborate investigation. It was discussed
in the Senate for six weeks—that very bill re-
ported by the select committee, who examined
the subject with as much attention as any com-
mittee can now. After six weeks' discussion,
when we had done precisely what the Senator
says should be done with this bill; that is, after
discussion and amendment in the Senate, we then
had the bill as amended printed, in order that we
could consider it as a whole, and seethat theamend-
ments conformed to the original bill. If this bill
shall be amended in the Senate, and those amend-
ments be material, I shall, when the proper time
comes, be in favor of printing the bill as amended,
in order that we may examine and see that there
is no incongruity between the amendments and
the original bill.
Buf, Mr. President, if this bill isevertaken from
before the Senate at this period of the session, it
is utterly impossible that we can bring it forward
again under as favorable auspices as at present.
We are all ready to vote on the amendments—
they are before us—offered by the Senator from
Minnesota and othars. There are various amend-
ments which the Senator from North Carolina
notified us he would offer. The Senator from
Missouri indicated amendments. We are ready
to act on them now. Here is the bill. You can
strike out all of it from the enacting clause, and
insert whatever you please. If it is now referred
to a select committee, it is the destruction of the
measure.
Mr. GREEN. I am not particular about re-
ferring this bill to a select committee; I am per-
fectly willing to consider it in the Senate; but
there is one point which strikes me with a little
surprise, and to that I wish to calJ the attention of
the Senator from California. In the thirty-sixth
ling of the first section, there must be a mistake.
It makes a donation of " every alternate section
of land within one mile of such railroad line;" but
when we get to the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth
lines of the same section, it reserves from sale the
sections within six miles of the road. Is that a
misprint, or a mistake, or what is it ?
Mr. GWIN. Those lands are to be reserved,
I presume, until the selection of the sections within
one mile can be made.
Mr. GREEN. Then I must say this: the south-
ern road which passes through Texas of course
gets Texas land; when it passes through the
Territory of the United States, it gets United
States land; from El Paso to the eastern line of
California, it gets ten sections of land to the mile,
and from that point to San Francisco it gets six
sections of land to the mile, while the central route
gets but one section of land to the mile. I do not
think that fair treatment. I think it ought to have
the same amount of land as the other, and I wish
to call the Senator's attention to that, because,
from the form of the bill, I supposed it was a
mispiint.
I must make this other additional remark: that
while the subject of a Pacific railroad has been
considered for twelve years, this identical bill has
never been considered. It was noteven considered
in the House. It was passed under the whip
and spur of the previous question, without a word
of debate. So far as my information extends, and
so far as the Journal of the proceedings in that
body indicates, andin this body, the general scope
and tenor of the bill has not been discussed—only
a few points to which our attention has been
called by several members. Now, I want this
bill put in a proper shape, and I want the central
route to get an equivalent to what the southern
route gets. Capitalists will not take hold of it in
this way. We are passing a bill and calling it a
ccntral railroad bill; and yet we. so frame it and
shape it that nobody takes hold of it, and tho
work is never done. The easiest way, and the
most effective way, of accomplishing works of this
character, consistent with the Constitution of the
United States, is to make donations of land. I
would rather diminish the amount of money and
give an increased amount of land.
I only make these remarks now to show the
Senate that this bill is the most immature bill,
the least considered, the most ill-prepared, of any
that I have ever read yet; and while, with the
Senator from Ohio, I am in favor of a railroad,
and while I will not be technical and particular
in exacting everything to conform to my view;
still, I think we ought to consider the general
subject, and throw it into the best possible shape.
If the Senate think they can take it in hand and
make the requisite amendments—we having dis-
cussed the general scope and tenor of the bill—
better than by referring it to a select committee,
do so, and I will be content; but I am naming
these defects, to which I will call the attention of
the Senate if we take it up for consideration in
this body without a reference
