THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
: Mr. LATHAM. I merely desire to say, sir,
that I enter my solemn protest, as one of the Sen-
ators from California, against the reference of this
bill to any select committee. I trust sincerely
that the friends of the measure will regard it as a
test rote, whether we are to- have a railroad bill
passed this winter or not. Now, sir, I do not
care, as has been justly remarked by my col-
league, how many select committees may ffe ap-
pointed by the Senate: whenever they report the
bill back to ^his body,it will have to be discussed
just as much as now; there will be found just as
many objections to it, as many criticisms; and I
think the Senate is sufficiently informed already
in relation to this great scheme and measure to
frame a bill themselves; and they can do it witli
certainly more economy of time, and with agrcater
certainty of having a bill which will please not
only Congress, but the country, than by referring
it to any select committee. I therefore trust that
the friends of this measure, in voting upon it,
will regard this vote as a test vote whether we are
to have a Pacific railroad bill passed this winter
or not.
Mr. RICE. I am satisfied, from the discussion
which took place the other day, and also from the
few remarks that have been made to-day upon
the subject now before the Senate, that those rep-
resenting in this body the interests of the center
and of the North were not in any manner what-
ever consulted. The northern route was entirely
ignored; and it appears, from what has fallen
from both the Senators from Missouri, that the
bill, as brought from the House of Representa-
tives, was unsatisfactory to them. I do not know
that those interested in the southern route have
spoken. I am satisfied that there is a question
now before the Senate—one great question to
which the eyes of tlio entire community are di-
rected—so much more important than this that it
is hardly proper for us to consider this at present.
Such being my honest conviction, I am compelled
to move the indefinite postponement of the entire
subject. 1 now make the motion.
Mr. RAKER. I second the motion. I want
the question tested in that way.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I do not
want to be understood as an opponent of this
measure. I believe that I am as strong and firm
a friend of a Pacific railroad as any man upon this
floor—the Senator from California or anybody
else. But, sir, I want a bill which, when it passes
this body, conferring so huge a monopoly as this
upon any company, shall be so framed that it wilt
be just and equal to all sections of the country; I
want it so guarded as to protect the rights and
interests of the people of this country. If we are
to vote away a marvelous amount of money and
a marvelous amount of land to a corporation for
the construction of this great work, it should be
done with care and wyh deliberation; and I ilo
not at all agree or assent to the argument which
is urged here for pushing this measure through
witlioutany deliberation. I hope, therefore, that
it. will be referred to a committee, with instruc-
tions to report in two days, if the Senate please
so to instruct them; but 1 am in favor of imme-
diate action, and 1 made this motion for the rea-
son that I supposed it would lead to immediate
action on this bill, and be the safest and surest
way to procure harmonious action in thisrcgaid.
For that reason I hope (hat the motion of my col-
league will not prevail, but that this bill will be
referred in good faith, for the purpose of procur-
ing immediate action upon it.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 inquire which motion has
precedence ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The motion for indefinite postpone-
ment.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope this bill will not be in-
definitely postponed. We have had a railroad bill
of some kind before the Senate now for three or
four years; and I think the Senate understand the
question much better than when it was originally
brought here. I thought it was a matter of demon-
stration, the last time this bill was up, that tlie
amendment of the Senatoi from North Carolina,
requiring the several acts of incorporation to be
examined and approved by Congress before the
money was given, was a proper amendment. I
think the better way to deal with the subject, as
important amendments have been presented here,
is to commit the. bill. We cannot, on the mere
impulse of the moment, look through all the
details. We ought to have a committee to take
all these propositions and make such provisions,
after due deliberation, as are found to be neces-
sary to insure the faithful execution of this work,
and the security of tire people when it shall be
made. I have never known much progress to be
made in a bill merely by presenting it here, and
having amendments proposed to it. The result
proves that we debate all day on a proposition
that I do not believe three men in the Senate would
vote against, as we did the last time we had this
bill up. I do hot believe there are three men in
the Senate who would vote against the proposi-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina, that the
various charters for the corporations under which
this road is to be built, and which are to have
§100,000,000, shall be submitted to and approved
by Congress before the securities are handed over,
and yet we debated it all day. Now, I think
proper guards and restrictions and provisions in
an important bill of this kind should be looked
into and provided for when people are quiet and
can read over things and spell out things and put
proper provisionsmthebill,andr)Othere,in open
debate, when a man scarcely hears what is said.
I neverknewa bill of such importance as this pass
through Congress without a reference to a com-
mittee.
I have thought it advisable to make a road to
the Pacific ever since we undertook to settle the
Territory of Oregon. I was on a committee of
this body that reported in favor of it fifteen years
ago. Then, however, we were not able to build
it. Now we have become more able. I want to
see a bill drafted by a committee embracing the
propositions that they approve; and it can be so
digested that we can get a vote upon it much
sooner than wc could by going on with debate
herein the Senate. I would instruct the commit-
tee to report in a week. 1 want no delay. I think
it is necessary to have such a report. If they
report this bill back with two or three trilling
amendments, it will be very soon disposed ot;
and if they can think of other amendments that
ought to be put in it, it had better be matured in
committee than in the whole Senate.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Rhode Island does not meet what we sny
about it. lie says that there has been a project
for a bill ever since Oregon was settled; and I
apprehend that if it goes on at the rate at which
it is going on, there will bo a project for a bill,
and that only, here, until Oregon is depopulated.
We tell him that sad experience shows that send-
ing it to a special committee kills it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should hkc to know what
authority the gentleman hasforsaying that send-
ing the bill to a committee kills it. •
Mr. BAKER. The authority is the history of
this bill. Fifteen years since, according to his
own statement, we ought to have had some kind
of a bill. We havo got none yet. The gentle-
man from California says truly, that there have
been, I believe, six special committees,and there
IS 110 bill passed yet. Now, 1 submit, as I did
the other day—and I hate to delay the Senate by
talking about it—I submit to all our friends, if
they really are our friends, to follow the lead
of those who have the matter most at heart, a
little. The Senator from North Carolina presents
very plausible objections. Why? He wants to
kill the whole bill. The Senator from Minnesota
is particularly anxious about the state of the
Union; and he is so anxious about the state of
the Union that he will take no measure in the
world to preserve it. Why' Because the routes
here do not suit him, and lie wants to kill this
bill; and I am sorry to say the same thing of my
friend, his colleague.
Mr. WILKINSON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that I want to kill this bill?
Mr. BAKER. I understand that my friend is
so devoted to his own route that he is putting all
the obstacles he can in the way of ibis bill, until
his route is included in it. That is all I mean to
say. I only ask that there may be a direct vote
taken upon the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, to postpone the bill indefinitely. If it be
the pleasure of the Senate to kill the bill, let it be
done, and let it perish in the face of day; but if
there shall be a decided vote against that motion,
and in favor of the bill, I ask, in common justice
to the greatest measure that ever was before this
Senate, that we shall go along calmly, deliber-
ately, with as much discussion as may be de-
sired, in the face of the whole Senate, and meet
the direct proposition, by way of amendment,
either affirmatively or negatively, and end the
whole matter; and, sir, I ask that it may be ended
in such time that, if there be amendments which
shall ultimately pass the Senate, they may be
passed in such way and at such a season that
they may go to the lower House with some chance
of passage there.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I think the
objection which has been suggested to the bill as
a reason for its reference to a select committee,
by the Senator from Rhode Island, is not a valid
one. By reading the proviso, on the 7th page,
it will be seen that the drafters of this bill have
attempted to provide against the very objection
that he has suggested. I ask that the Secretary
read that proviso, commencing on the forty-ninth
line of the 7th page.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Provided, That said corporation or corporations shall
have tifly mile sections of aiailioad and tetegiaph line com-
pleted as herein mentioned, and such State or teiritoriai
laws procured and first mortgage executed as shall, in the
opinion of the Attorney Geneial of the United States, render
the mortgage lien herein contemplated a legal secuiity for
the bonds advanced before lands or bonds shall be conveyed
by the Government of the United States. And the corpo-
ration or corporations undeitaking the service herein pio-
vided shall agree to have five hundred miles of their road
and telegraph line completed within six years after the
passage of this act."
Mr. HARLAN. That is all I wish to have
read. It will be seen here that the Government
is not to advance a dollar of money nor an acrc
of land until, in the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, the Government will be perfectly safe in doing
so; behaving examined thechartersgrantedby the
States andj(Kerritories through which the road is
proposed t^je located; and also having exam-
ined all the facts, in a legal point of view, con-
nected with the subject, so as to enable him to
form the opinion that it will be perfectly safe to
make this advance.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that the mo-
tion now is for the indefinite postponement of the
bill—a motion seconded by the Senator from Ore-
gon.
Mr. BAKER. I want to bring it up; but I
want to vote against the indefinite postponement.
Mr SIMMONS. I thought it singular that
you should second a motion that you were going
to vote against.
Mr. BAKER. I thank the gentleman for put-
ting me right if I was wrong; but I thought it
very clear what I meant.
Mr. SIMMONS. My friend from Iowa reads
the provision in regard to finishing fifty miles of
railroad as a suitable provision on which to pred-
icate an outlay of j>%,(100,000 and about as many
acres of land. I was in favor of the suggestion
made by the Senator from North Carolina. He
may be opposed to this road. I do not know
but that he is in favor of it. All the arguments
that people can make will not, make me believe
that I am against it. I have been uniformly in
favor of it for fifteen years, and mean to vote for
it; but I mean to make it as perfect as I can be-
fore 1 do vote. I dare say many people can make
it out that I am opposed to the road that I am
in favor of. I shall not undertake to answer their
arguments; but the fact will remain as it is, no
matter how many speeches are made to the con-
trary.
I shall be in favor of this bill, if there are proper
and decent provisions to sccurc the public. I
have heard many arguments made against facts;
but they never weigh much with me. I want
some provision m this bill to show where these
corporations derive their authority, and from
whom, and -whether it is legitimate. I do not
see, myself, how you are going to get an act of
incorporation in the Indian country. It may be,
perhaps, that the Indians can give one; but it
seems to mo a singular place to get one. By
what authority they can cut through an Indian
farm, without some power from the United States,
I do not see. I have endeavoaed to understand
this subject as well as I could. I wanted, in the
room of the bill, two or three years ago, to sub-
stitute a proposition to have all the routes actually
