1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
surveyed, and have United States surveyors do
it. I thought then we had not sufficient informa-
tion to enable us to decide where to build these
roads; but that was laid on the table by the par-
ticular friends of the measure, and somehow or
other it never got up; but it was not by any op-
position on this side that it was not got up.
Mr. GWIN. It was passed in the Senate, but
killed m the House.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do pot know where it went
to. I voted for it. Now, the Senator from Ore-
gon says that committees have destroyed this bill.
The committees always have reported the bills;
and if they have been destroyed, it has been in
open session, and not by any committee. There
never has been a committee that did not try to
make a good railroad bill, that ever I knew. You
cannot force your bill, that you make in the Sen-
ate, through the House.
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator allow me ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. I did not mean to be under-
stood, most certainly, that the committee would
kill the bill, but sending it to the committee. I
mean that the time kills it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I said, when I favored this
method, that 1 was willing- to instruct the Com-
mittee to report in one\yeek. I do not want them
to have more time than that. In my deliberate
judgment, it is the quickest way, and agreatsav-
mg of time, to send this bill to a "committee.
Mr. LANE. The motion now, I believe, is to
postpone indefinitely all bills upon the subject of
a railroad to the Pacific.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone indefinitely the bill under considera-
tion.
Mr. LANE. Well, sir, I am in favor of a
Pacific railroad, and have been for the last ten
years; and I would be glad if a bill to make such
a road had passed before. But, Mr. President
this biil is not such a bill as, in my judgment, ever
ought to pass any deliberative body. It is as near
a bill of abominations as any ever drjiwn up by
the skill of man, as I look at it. There is not a
redeeming clause in the whole bill, if I read it cor-
rectly. It has been offered here as a peace meas-
ure, and urged as necessary to give peace to the
country. Now, sir, if peace prevailed m the coun-
try, if good will existed between the sections, the
passage of such a measure as this would greatly
disturb it, unless I be mistaken; and it would be
very near cause of breaking up the Union itself;
and yet it is offered as a peace measure. The
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] if J rec-
ollect aright, in making his speech the other day,
urging the passage of this bill, said it was a great
peace measure, necessary to restore harmony in
the country. Violate the rights of the States;
refuse them equality; trample upon the Constitu-
tion; disregard the decision of the Supreme Court,
and do every other thing to the injury and op-
pression of nearly half the States of this Union,
and then come forward and say: ii We will buy
you off; your principles are not worth much;
$36,000,000 will compromise the whole thing; and
your principles may go." Is that the way to talk
to a people who believe they have been injured?
Is that tlie kind of measure that can restore peace
in the country? Is the passing of a bill that is
more objectionable than any one ever introduced
into either branch of Congress—a measure that is
to be a reward for all the injuries perpetrated
upon independent and sovereign States of this
Union—is that the mode of making peace, that
gentlemen propose here? If so, I will say to my
honorable friend that he has made a mistake; that
he had better retracchis steps; he had better say:
*' The irrepressible conflict that he desired to in-
augurate snail be suppressed; shall be stopped
now." He had better say; "The idea of put-
ting slavery in course of ultimate extinction shall
be abandoned." And he had better say to the
South: " We will let you alone m the enjoyment
of your rights; the States of this Union are equal,
and have equal rights under the Constitution in
the common territory of the country; and every
man of every Slate has a right to go there with
his property and have it protected." If he will
do all this, and do it in earnest, and get his north-
ern friends to go \tfith him, they may say, as they
have it in their power to do, " We were just trif-
ling with you; we never had any intention to in-
terfere with your rights; we know that you have
the same right in the common territory that we
have; we know that all the principles and views
of the Republican party are wrong; we resorted
to them for the sake of power; and now that we
have succeeded in electing our man, we are will-
ing to say to you, to the country, and to the
world, that justice shall prevail." Then peace
can be restored without undertaking to purchase
it with $36,000,000.
Mr. President, this is not the time to discuss the
principles of this Government. I do not regard
this Government as a great consolidated Govern-
ment—a national Government in which State lines
arc notknown or State sovereignty is not regarded.
The other day, when the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Baker] was on the floor, he took occasion
to speak of this Government as a great consoli-
dated Government in which States were not known
as such, or the sovereignty of States not con-
sidered entitling them to rights, if I understood
him aright; but I have not read his speech. The
idea was, that the States had no rights secured to
them; that it was a great Government in itself,
without reference to States or Slate sovereignty.
Now, sir, I took occasion to look over the Con-
stitution a little afterwards, and I found in the
nineteen articles of the Constitution, including the
amendments, that States are specially mentioned
over thirty times; that Slate sovereignty is recog-
nized over that many times; that States arc refer-
red to; and I think any man, who has examined
the question, will say that it is a Government of
States, a confederation of States, a voluntary as-
sociation of Stales; and as the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugh] so handsomely said: the Atlas upon
which this Union rests, is the sovereignty of these
States. This Government is an agent created by
them, by their voluntary consent. Therefore, it
is a voluntary association of States, each of them
having equal rights in the Union. Respect them
as such; legend them as such; maintain that per-
fect equality; maintain justice, and deal fanly by
every man of every State of the Union; recognize
every State alike,and peace can be restored with-
out the passage of this bill. It is hardly the time
to pass such a measure.
I did not intend to say anything about the ques-
tion of government, or of the equality of States;
but m connection with the remarks made by the
Senator from New-York, I have incidentally al-
luded to it. But, sir, this bill is pressed at a mo-
mont when every man knows that this country
is breaking up; when it is being dissolved; when
States, exercising the rights that they believe, they
have, are repealing their ordinances adopting the
Federal Constitution, and taking upon themselves
the privilege of resuming the powers they con-
ferred on the General Government. These are
lights and powers that they believe they have,
whether it is so or not. Can you expect at sucli
a time to restore peace by passing this bill? I
think not. If the country was in a peaceful con-
dition ; if the Union was to-day safe; if it was not
manifest that it is breaking up—in the. very act of
being broken up—I would vote for any well guard-
ed Pacific railroad bill. I am in favor of a Pacific
railroad. I have always been in favor of a Pacific
railroad. J would rather have a route, I must say,
that would accommodate the lake States, that
would run over a better portion of country, and
reach the Pacific coast where the soil is much bet-
ter than where this one will reach it; or if we are
to have two roads, I should be glad to see a third
one added. But this is not the time to make them;
and it is not the timG to pledge the credit of the
Slates of this Union; and it is not the time to in-
volve them in promises—promises that they will
certainly never regard, and ought not to regard.
You force upon them this bill, and will take noth-
ing but it—a House bill—and my good friend
from California, my neighbor, whom I would go
as far to serve as any man on earth, urges this
bill as the very bill; and we are told that we must
pass it because it has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. That is the worst, recommendation
in the world to me. [Laughter.] The fact that it
did pass, and in the manner it did pass there, is the
very reason that I would look at it closely before
voting for it.
I am for a Pacific railroad. I want San Fran-
cisco accommodated; but I want Oregon accom-
modated, also; and then, when you have struck
the Pacific, after running through the best, and,
indeed, the only good valleys on that coast, the
best agricultural portion of the country, in a direct
line, to Portland, near the Columtfta river, and'lo
PugetSound, you can cross to China, which is die
near route and the only way to make a speedy trip.
The bill does notanswerthe purpose at all.- It
is not the kind of bill that I think ought to pass.
I do not like to vote for its indefinite postpone-
ment, but this bill 1 think ought to be indefinitely
postponed, and especially at this time. I do not
like the bill. It is a bad one. When the yeas
and nays shall be called, though I am a Pacific
man, and am so.by nature, I shall so vote. I like
every portion of this country alike. My attach-
ment is as strong for one section as the other.
My desire through life has been and shall be, to
deal justly, fairly, and honestly by every portion
of this Confederacy; and J will say to the Senator
from New Hampshire, or any other Senator from
a northern State, that if any constitutional right
should be refused his State, no living man would
rush sooner than myself, to the restoration, or
maintenance of his right. I live north—further
north than any man in the Senate save one—al-
most up to 540 40', or at any rate, as near to that
line as a Senator can live. I have no partiality;
I have no local feeling, thank God. This is all
my country; I know but it, and the Constitution
under which we live; and that Constitution shall
be maintained in letter and spirit, in its purity and
integrity, and justice shall be done to every inch
of American soil, to every State under that Con-
stitution, whether north or south, so far as my
voice and my vote will go. Though this country
is about breaking up, and, as I believe, this rail-
road bill cannot save it, or restore peace, nor pre-
vent the action of the States that believe it their
duty to go out, I desire it understood by ail par-
ties, from every portion of the country, that that
dissolution, if it takes place, ought to be a peace-
ful one. If we will not deal fairly by our south-
ern friends; if we will not allow their States the
rights theyhave under the Constitution; ifwe will
not do justice by them; for God's sake let them,
if they must go, depart in peace. Let us have no
war. No man ought to propose the use of force,
or bring about collision in this country. He who
does it is a bad man, and will involve the countrv
in great trouble, when it could be saved from such
a calamity by wise judgment and prudent action.
Mr. Piesidont, I am for peace. I want it un-
derstood that I would by very slow to draw a saber
or a sword against an American citizen. If he
lives in Maine, ho is my brother; if he lives in
New Hampshire, he is my fellow-citizen; and the
same in every other State, he is my countryman.
He has the rights that I have; and in the main-
tenance of those rights, I would deal by him in
every way that was lawful, peaceable, and proper;
but, sir, bccause 1 live north, I would not refuse
the southern States their rights. No, sir; I would
secure to them their rights; and I would never
second the doctrine, nor advocate the idea that
we will hold them for our use, for our benefit;
that we wjII not grant them justice or equality,
nor will we let them go; but we will hold them
that we may profit by the revenues collected from
them; hold them, and make them work as vassals
for us. I do not desire wealth in any such way.
1 do not desire the success of my portion of the
country by any such unfair means. I want them
to be allowed their equality, their rights, the right
of going to the Territories (for this is the ques-
tion,) with their property, and there having pro-
tection—every man of every State with every
description of property, slave property, or any
other property. Upon these principles I intend
to stand; and! if they fall, I intend to go down
with them. Nothing on earth could drive me one
inch, to the right or left, from a full, honest,
straight-forward discharge of my duty to my
country under that Constitution that I have sworn
to support.
This is a bad time to pass a railroad bill. It is
not a peace measure. It will not give confidence
to that portion of the country that you would rob
of their rights, and then talk of paying for them
in this way. You cannot do it. First do right
by them, and then pass the railroad bill. TneSen-
ator from Minnesota, who made the motion to
postpone this bill, is, I know, a« anxious for a
Pacific railroad as any man on this floor. He is
the friend of a Pacific railroad, and has always
labored for it; but he believes, as I do—and I am
glad that he took the responsibility of making the
