1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
is outside of the common policy of the Govern-
ment. If there is a treaty, the Department can
pay it without applying to Congress. That ends
the case.
Mr. RICE, I wish to say to the Senate, and
to the Senator from Missouri particularly, be-
cause I heard him make a remark here a few days
ago m regard to Senators speaking upon subjects
on which they had no information, that there are
treaties with each and every band of the Sioux
tribe.
Mr. GREEN. That is not correct.
Mr. RICE. I state that it is correct, and the
Senator is mistaken when he says it is not correct.
I am surprised at the statement which he has made,
because those very treaties were made in the city
of St. Louis, by General Clark, on the part of the
United States. Treaties with each and every band
of the Sioux nation were made in his own city,
and the record shows it. It is not necessary for
him to say it is not, or for me to say that itis so.
I tell him it is so, and the record will show it.
Every band of the Sioux nation was undertreaty
stipulations, in amity with the United States, and
those treaties were made within the limits of his
own State. I have examined them all critically.
As regards these claims from Iowa, 1 think the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] who is a member of the committee, will
recollect that the subject was brought up in that
committee; the record was produced; and it was
proven, beyond controversy, that all those tribes
were in amity with the United States. There were
certain claims that were sent in last year, mostly
from Minnesota, and one or two small claims from
Iowa, that reached the Department, and the Dc-
partmcntestimated for the amount claimed, some
sixteen thousand dollars. They ascertained that
the claimants could not prove to the amount of
more than eight or nine thousand dollars. The
claims from Iowa were not received at the Depart-
ment in time to be sent before the committee, al-
though the committee had positive evidence that
the citizens of Iowa had claims under this very
law. The amendment now offered is to cover those
claims, and they come under the same provision
of law that the others did. I know they come
under the intercourse law; I know that they are
claims for spoliations committed by Indians who
were in amity with the United States; and I know,
if the Senator from Missouri will give me five
minutes, that I can show it m the treaties, so as
to satisfy him of the fact.
Mr. GREEN. I invite him to show me the
treaty with the tribe.
Mr. RICE. I will do so.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me this is alto-
gether a different case from any of those cited by
the Senator from Missouri. In those cases, peo-
ple were traveling through the Indian country,
and hostilities were commenced, either thrpugh
the misconduct of one party or the other. Here
is where a band of Indians which theGovernment
had undertaken lo keep charge of, had appointed
agents to superintend them, to which it was pay-
ing annuities, passed beyond the limits of their
own territory, came witlim the jurisdiction of a
State where they had no right to come, and whore
they would not have come if it had not been for
the misconduct of a Government agent there in
permitting them to come, and perpetrated outrages
on our people, and destroyed our property. This
case is not at all similar to those cited by the
Senator from Missouri. It seems to me, if there
is any case wheie theGovernment ought to inter-
fere for the purpose of protecting property or re-
imbursing persons whose property has been de-
stroyed, this is thatcase. I have nothing further
to say.
Mr. CLARK. This matter came before the
Committee on Indian Affairs last year; and I
think the committee examined it so far as to rec-
ommend the appropriation of JIG,000 to pay these
claims. I think the committee had no doubt that
the claims then presented to the committee ought
to be paid; but as it seems to me, there is this dif-
ficulty m the case now: these claims were then
presented to the Senate, and by them referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs; by them exam-
ined and approved, and a specific amount recom-
mended. if the Senator from Iowa will permit
me to use this letter, which he has from the De-
partment of the Interior—[Mr. Grimes. Cer-
tainly]—I desire to state to the Senate, that it
seems to me this additional amount has not been
sufficiently examined to warrant the appropriation
of it. I find here that thecloims of citizens ofMin-
nesota allowed amount to $10,374 41; Minnesota
claims not yet acted upon, #2,236; claims of citi-
zens of Iowa filed—not acted upon—$10,532 10;
claims represented by persons in this city ,$1,584.
It seems to me there should be something more
definite for the Senate to act upon in appropri-
ating this money than what is contained in this
communication from the Department. I do not
undertake to prejudge the case. Every dollar
may be distinctly due; but it seems to me, before
we appropriate the money, the claim should be
examined.
I have no doubt at all upon that portion of the
case argued by the Senator from Minnesota. I
have no doubt these claims should be paid so far
as they prove them; but my objection is to .ap-
propriating money until the claims are examined
by some proper authority. They seem to be very
indistinct here; but perhaps I have not gone as
far as I ought to do. In another partof the com-
munication 1 find brought forward, amount of
claims, those acted upon and those unacted upon,
$26,310 71; amount appropriated by thelastCon-
gress, $16,679 97; deficiency, ^9,640,74. Now,
that deficiency includes claims which have been
filed and not acted upon, and the claims repre-
sented by parties in this city. I ask the honor-
able Senator from Iowa if he would, in another
case, (and he certainly will not, in this case, if he
would not do it in another case,) recommend an
appropriation of money to pay claims represented
by parties in this city. That seems to be the diffi-
culty, and upon that point, perhaps, the Senator
from Iowa may have some information; and, if
he has, I shall be glad to hear it communicated
to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest an amendment
to the amendment: to add, after the language now
used m that amendment, the words, " or as much
thereof as shall be found to be necessary." The
difficulty suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire originated in this way: there was no
Indian agent, or officer of the Department, resid-
ing in Iowa, or near to these claimants, and the
agent for Minnesota lived a hundred miles away;
so that it became impossible for the parties in in-
terest in person to present their claims to the agent,
and have them presented in time to be allowed by
the officers here at the national capital. The
claims have been filed there, and will be examined,
as the others were; and that part of them which
will be found to be just and equitable in themselves,
will be allowed. With this amendment, I am
quite sure the Senator from New Hampshire will
find no difficulty in voting for the amendment.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair to ascertain whether the
modification will be accepted5
Mr. WILSON. 1 accept it.
Mr. RICE. The Senator from Missouri said
there were no treaties with these Indians. I have
here the volume of Indian treaties; and I find the
following treaties with the Sioux Indians:
" Treat} with the Sioux of the hikes, July 19, 1815.
"Treaty Willi the Sioux of the river St. Peter'a, July 19,
1815.
*' Treaty with the Ilunkpnpas band of the Sioux, July
16, 182.3.
" Convention with the Sioux of Wahashaw's tribe, Sep-
tember 10, 1836.
'•Treaty with tlu> Ottoc-s, Missouri, Omnhas, and Yanc-
ton and Santte bands of Sioux, October 15, 1£36.
"Treaty with the Wahpaeoota, Si^seton, and Upper
MrdawaUanton tnbe^ of Sioux, November 30, 3836.
" Treaty with the Sioux, September 29, 1837."
There are several more which 1 shall not read.
I assert that every band of the Sioux are in amity
with the United States under the treaty stipula-
tions.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Minnesota
will allow me to say, that unless he makes that
as a personal matter,'there cannot be any doubt
about it; because the whole subject came before
the Committee on Indian Affairs, of which the
Senator is a member, and was fully examined. I
do not tlunk it is worth while to detain the Senate
upon it.
Mr. RICE. Is the question yielded that these
Indians were in amity with the United States?
Mr. CLA RK. I do know that that objection was
made further than by the Senator from Missouri.
I certainly agree with the Senator on that point.
The Senator from Minnesota did not understand
mc to make that objection.
Mr. RICE. No, sir. Then, so far the Senator
from Missouri is concerned, I call upon him to
state what bandsof Sioux were not in amity with
the United States under treaty stipulation, , I say
that every single band of that nation are in amity
with the United States under treaty stipulation,
and I have the book here to show it.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator does not meet the
objection at all. To say they are in amity is one
thing:; but to say that you are under obligations
to pay for a breach of amity, is another thing.
"All the world and the rest of mankind" are in
peace with us.
Mr. RICE. There is the very mistake under
which the Senator is laboring. The intercourse
laws state that all claims against Indians in amity
with the United States, shall be paid by the
United States.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all; but all Indian tribes
with whom we have treaty stipulations. The
reason of that is, that the Government has the
power to restrain th-sm by withholding the annui-
ties, and paying out of them damages to the in-
jured party. Now, sir, I presented a case hero
at the last session, where the property of emi-
grants ^California was destroyed by the Nava-
joes, while crossing through by Albuquerque,
their families killed, their property run off, and
all their stock taken. I presented it here, and
could not get a dollar; and on what principle?
Simply because the intercourse laws between our
citizens and the Indian tribes would not allow it,
without departure from our former established
principles. Those former principles were: we
must have treaty stipulations with them, and
those treaty stipulations must enable us, by with-
holding the annuities, to restrain them, or make
satisfaction to the injured party. But, as to spoli-
ations committed by the wild tribes, with whom
we have never had any intercourse, and no treaty
stipulation, we have never undertaken to make
payment. When England destroyed our prop-
erty in war, we never undertook to make pay-
ment. If our troops destroyed property, we paid
for it; but if the foreign enemy, if the Indian
tribe with whom we have no friendly relations
destroys property, we have never paid for it.
That is the rule.
Mr. RICE. And I wish the Senator would ob-
serve it.
Mr. GREEN. I will try, and I shall try by
voting against this claim; and I will prove the
sincerity of my words by my acts. This SioGx
tribe is greatly misunderstood. There is a very
large number of tribes scattered through the North-
western Territory, roving tribes and nomadic
tribes, called Sioux; but they are split up into at
least forty distinct tribes; and to make a treaty
with one has no more effect upon the others than
the making of a treaty with England would have
any effect upon France. Although they arc all
Sioux, just as you might say we are all Cauca-
sians, all Anglo-Saxons, yet it would have no ef-
fect upon them, no binding obligation. We did
make a treaty with the Sioux tribe; but it was
with one branch of that tribe and not the balance.
Now, I ask the Senator from Minnesota or the
Senator from Iowa to answer me this question:
which branch of the Sioux tribe committed this
depredation ?
Mr. RICE. I will answer.
Mr. GREEN. Which branch? What is the
name of it?
Mr. RICE. The depredation was committed
by Indians from two or three different tribes;
dissatisfied Indians who had been mustered and
organized into a band by Ink-pa-du-tah, a man
whom I have the honor of knowing personally.
The tribe to which he belongs has not only made
a treaty with the United States, but receives annu-
ities from the United States; and the Indians who
committed this depredation, themselves, individ-
ually, were receiving annuities.
Mr. GREEN. Then, Mr.President, that ends
the case. They can go to the Department and
get it out of the annuities.
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; you can get it out of
the annuities by application to the Department.
If these Indians have made a treaty and receive
annuities, and then commit depredations, you can
get it out of their annuities without any applica-
