1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
tion to-Congress. But I will not consume time
on the subject.
Mr. RICE. I will state that a portion of them
received annuities and another portion did not.
Those of the Indians who were receiving annuities
from the Government mustered a force and went
out and captured a portion of the murderers. I
will tell the Senator from Missouri, also, that he
is mistaken in regard to there being forty bands
of Sioux. There are some eight or ten; and this
bosk, giving a history of alt the treaties, shows
that each and every distinct band of the Sioux
nation made a treaty of peace and amity with the
IJnited States. The Senate, at the last session,
without a division, without a question, voted an
appropriation to pay a part of these claims, and
that, too, under the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. He would, as I have been
informed and believe, have recommended the bal-
ance of the claims had they been presented; but
they did not reach here in time to come under
this provision.
Mr. PEARCE. I will ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment. I am requested by
Senators to do so.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. There is an executive commu-
nication thai I should like to call up now. 1 sim-
ply desire to have it printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
let us dispose of this bill. There are no further
amendments to be offered, I believe.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
Mr. POWELL. 1 have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia; to insert, as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That tile Alexandria, LouJt'Un,
and Hampshire Railroad Company bo, and they are hereby,
authorized to extern! and use the Georgetown brant h ot
their railroad into and within the city of Washington, m
tile District of Columbia, in and tlnou^h such streets and
avenues as may be approved of for ttie purpose, by the eor-
pciate authorities and the President of the United States;
and to purchase and hold a sufficient lot of ground 111 the
said city for a depot or station: Provided, That the said
company shall observe and comply with the regulation*
winch the said authorities of the corporation of the city of
Washington may from time to tune prescribe in lelation
to the speed and the description of power to be used upon
such extension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope the Senator
will not insist upon that amendment. It bungs
up the question which we have so often discussed
here, and about which there must be great differ-
ence of opinion, with reference to extending rail-
way tracks through this city. It takes the matter
entirely out of the control of Congress, and puts
it in the hands of this corporation. Now, sir,
there arc very impoitant interests involved in it.
It comes up without notice. We cannbt hear
the parties on each side with reference to it, as we
ought—involving in'ercsts ofgreatimportance, as
it does. I really hope the Senator will not urge
it; arid if ho does, that we shall vote it down.
Mr. POWELL, I desire to have a vote of the
Senate upon the amendment, i think it is well
guarded, and one that should pass. It only al-
lows the railroad named to extend its Georgetown
branch to the city of Washington, through such
streets and avenues as the corporate authorities
and the President of the United States raay agree
to; and it is to be controlled in every respect by
the city authorities as to the speed u shall make.
It is such an amendment certainly as regulates
railroads in every city of the United States. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LANE. I rise to a privileged question. I
wish to make a report from the committee of con-
ference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itcan only be
done by unanimous conset.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a privileged
question.
Mr. LANE. Then I will ask the consent of
the Senate to make it.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Let us get through with
this bill.
Mr. LANE. Very well
Mr. PEAItCE. 1 hope this amendment will
not be adopted. It is a very different provision
from that which the Senate spent several days
upon m the early part of the session, in regard to
the connection of the Baltimore and Ohio road
and Vueinia roads. I do not know how many
conditions of very extraordinary seventy weie
imposed on them by that bill. This proposes no
conditions except that they shall conform to such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the
city authorities. I do not know but what it may
finally lead to a horse railway, which is so much
disputed here. At all events, it is not germane to
the bill; and we ought not to allow such a prop-
osition—if at any time, certainly not at this stage
of the session—upon a general appropriation bill.
I hope the Senate will reject it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to be informed
whether the grant of this corporation, which was
incorporated by Maryland or Virginia, I do not
know which, contains any such power as to ex-
tend it into this territory, or would enable us to
extend it into this District. We can have no con-
trol of it. It is not a corporation within the con-
trol of Congress at all; and I desire to -know by
what authority we can have it extended into this
District, and they can levy and collect, if you
please, assessments upon the subscribers to the
stock in the State, for the purpose of continuing
that road into this District. I do not understand
what law there is under which it can be done.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the amendment pending,
oris there the question of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky is pending. No question
of order is raised, as the Chair understands.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hearitread.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. This does not provide how
they arc to get into the District. I do not sec how
they are to get into the District under this amend-
ment. [" By the Long Bridge."] The Loudoun
and Hampshire railroad is confined to the State
of Virginia. The question of the bridge is one,
in regaid to which the interests of Virginia arc
concerned; and we have already passed on the
subject with much deliberation. This is a renewal
of that controversy as to the Long Bridge, and
building a bridge elsewhere. It seems to me this
is a measure which ought to be considered on its
merits. I do not understand it; I cannot under-
stand it, by simply hearing it read, without fur-
ther inquiry as to the facts. It certainly ought
not to be brought in on the military appropriation
bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to offer an amend-
ment that I offered in Committee of the Whole,
and I believe there was an objection about its
coming within the rule; but it is to carry out an
article of the tieaty of Washington of 1842:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That to piovide for the faithful
execution of the louith aiticle of the treaty with Gicat
Britain of the 9th of August, 184*2, and to sccure the re-
leases mentioned in said treaty, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury bo, «mrt he is, directed to pay out ot any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Catherine C.Ward,
of KoKbmyjMa^aelmsetts, and Laura A. Stebbins, of Ban-
gor, Maine, each the sum of $6,G8G 50; and to James A.
Drew, of Chelsea, Massachusetts and Rul'us Mansur, of
Houlton, Maine, each the sum of $11,401 ; and to Edmund
Monroe, of Boston, Massachusetts, the sum of 5,881 'So;
and to Benjamin SewdM, of Boston, the sum of §3,293 7."i:
Provided, That the said Waul, Stebbins, Drew, and Man-
sur, holding titles to the Eaton giant, and rise said Dtew and
Mansur, holding titles to the east half of Plymouth town-
ship, and the said Monroe and Scwall, holding title to the
westhalt of Plymouth township, shall respective!} execute
or cause to he executed, those releases as requned by the
fourth article ot the said treaty, to the parties holding pos-
session or equitable pese^ory claims to and in said Katon
grant and Plymouth township, as described in the reports
made to the Governor and Council of Maine, by Ebenezer
Hutchinson and othi'is, commissioners under a resolution
parsed by the Legislature of said State on the 12th day of
April, 1854, and the plan of smveys accompanying said re-
port-, ana of record in the land office of said State ; and
that it shall appear to the satisfaction of the land agent of
said State that such deeds of release do confirm and quit-
claim to the poisons entitled thereto, the title of such lands
as required by f-aid treat} : Jind proinded also, That if the
'-aid parties shall fail to snake, or eati^e to be made, such
deeds of release to the whole of said lands, a deduction
shall be made from the compensation herein provided, from
the allowance to the partie- so failing toreiea e, at the rate
of two dollars per acre for the land not so released.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that is an old
acquaintance. I think it is "Monsieur Tonson
come again." We had him besieging us last win-
ter, and I think it is the same amendment the
Senator offered a few days ago to the miscella-
neous appropriation bill; is it not?
Mr, SIMMONS.' I offered it to this bill, I be-
lieve, and objection was made to it.
Mr. PEAllCE. And a was declared out of
order by the Senate
Mr. SIMMONS. There was objection made,
and Senators on this side thought it was out of
order; but on looking at the rule, it is found not
to be excluded, for it is to carry out a treaty. The
rule does not touch it.
Mr. PEARCE. I raise the question of order.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate", whether they
will receive the amendment at this stage of the
bill.
The amendment was not received—ayes four-
teen, noes not counted.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a thud time; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
RICHARD CIIENERY.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No.
77) for the relief of Richard Chenery; and,
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Resolccd, That the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives to said bill, and ask a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the committee on the
part of the Senate;and Mr. Bigler, Mr. Latham,
and Mr. Wilson, were appointed.
REPORT OF TIIE PEACE CONFERENCE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair 1ms
received acommunication from Ex-President Ty-
ler, as president of the conference which has been
recently sitting in this city, which he will lay
before the Senate; and also the proceedings of
that body.
The Secretary read the communication, as fol-
lows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I am instructed, as the presiding officer of the conven-
tion, composed of commissioners appointed by twenty-one
States, now in session in this city to deliberate upon the
present unhappy condition of the country, to present to
your honorable body the accompanying request and pro-
posed amendment. JOHN TYLEit,
President of the Convention.
Washington, D. C., February 27, 1861.
To the Congress of the United State*:
The convention assembled, upon the invitation of the
State ot Virginia, to adjust the unhappy differences which
now disturb the peace of the Union, ar.d threaten its con-
tinuance, make known to the Congress of the United States
that their body convened in the city of Washington on the
4th instant, and continued in session until the 27th.
Thcio were in the body, when action was taken upon
that which is here submitted, one hundred and thirty-throe
commissioners, representing the following States: Maine,
New Hampshiie, Vermont, Massachusetts8, Rhode IM.tnd,
Connecticut, New York, New Jersev, Pennsvlvamu, Del-
aware, Maryland, Virginia, Noith Carolina, Tennessee,
Kentucky, Missouri, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Wis-
consin, ;ind Kansas. They have approved what is here-
with submitted, and respectfully request that your honor-
able body will submit it to conventions in the States as
aitieto' thiitccn of the amendments to the Constitution of
tb& United States.
Attest: J. IIENItY PULESTON,
Secretary.
Article XIII.
Sec 1. In all the present territoiy «f the United States,
noi th of the parallel of 36° 30'of north latitude, involuntary
servitude, except in punishment of crime, is prohibited.
In all the present territory south of that Une, the status of
persons held to involuntary service or labor, a^ it now ex-
ists shall not be changed: n<n shall any law be passed by
Congress or the Territonal Legislature to hinder or pi event
the taking ot such persons fiom any of the States of this
Union to said Territory, nor to impair the rights arising
fiom said relation; but the same shall be subject to judicial
cognizance in the Fcdei.d courts, according to the cour>c
of "the common law. When any Terntory north or south
of taid line, within such boundary as Congress may pre-
scribe, shall contain a population equal to that required for
a member of C'ongiess, it shall, if its form of Government
be republican, be admitted into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States, with or without involuntary
seivitudc, as the constitution of such State may provide.
Sec. 2. No Territoiy shall he acquired by the United
State*, except by discovery and for naval and commercial
stations, depots, and transit routes, without the concur-
rence of a majority of all the Senators fiom States which
allow involuntary servitude, and a majority of all the Sen-
ators fiom States which piohibit that relation; nor shall
Territory be acquired by treaty, unless the votes of a ma-
jority of the Senators fiom each class of States heiombc-
fore mentioned be east a^ a part of the two thirds majority
necessary to the ratification of such treaty.
Sr.c. 3. Neither the Constitution, nor any amendment
thereof, shall be construed to give Congress power to regu-
late, abolish, or control,within any State, the relation estab-
lished or recognized by the laws thereof touching persons
heltl to labor ormvoluntary service therein, nor to interfile
with O! .abolish involuntary service in The District ot Colum-
bia without the consent of Mai viand and without the con-
sent ot the owncrs; or making the owner* who do not con-
