294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
motion, for it is a proper one to make at this time,
to postpone the bill indefinitely—that this bill
ought not to pass as it is. "We Shall not have tong
to wait until Congress will meet again; and if the
States can all meet here, if any just arrangement
can be made by which they can all come here
upon terms of equality, then it will be time to take
up and consider and pass a railroad bill.
I do not know what the credit of the United
States isto«day; but it is,perhaps,thirty percent,
under par, and that, too, when only one State has
gone off. What will it be when more go? Soon,
perhaps, it will- not be .fifty cents on the dollar.
Y et, by the passage of this bill, which must not
be touched—this holy bill, this sacred bill, that
■was sent to us from the House of Representatives
under the force of the previous question, without
opportunity to discuss or amend it—by this bill
the faith of the Government is to be pledged for
#96,000,000, and many million acres of the public
lands. Yes, sir; and those States to whom you
refuse equality, you will presently hold shall pay
their proportion of it, ana will sell the lands, per-
haps, at thirty cents on the dollar; for whose ben-
efit? Not to make a railroad, but for the benefit
of corporators—fifty-three gentlemen mentioned
in the bill—on whom you confer all this power
and these rights forever. You cannot amend or
alter this bill; but you are to grant those rights to
these gentlemen forever. They are to take this
money and do what they please with this work;
make fortunes out of it, and put them in their
pocket. Wo are required to vote for such a bill.
. Sir, I will vote for postponing it. On reflection I
have come to the conclusion that that is the best
-thing I can do. I shall vote for the motion to
postpone the bill indefinitely, believing that the
most proper thing to do to get rid of it now.
Mr. RICE. As the Senate is not full, I am not
anxious to press the vote at this time; I therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 9, ]861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
Mr. DAVIS, of Marylhnd, being a member of
the committee of thirty-three, and therefore enti-
tled to vote upon all questions coming before the
House, recorded his vote in favor of the resolu-
tion offered by Mr. Adrain, on Monday last, in
reference to Major Anderson.
NAVAL ARMAMENT.
The SPEA.KER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of 3d of January,
18G1, a report of the superintendent of ordnance
of the Washington navy-yaril on rifled cannon,
and the armament of ships-of-war; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
TELEGRAPHIC SIGNALS.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the unanimous conscnt of
the House to offer the following resolution:
JRraoiuei, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to this House any papers, or other informa-
tion In his possession, in relation to Coston's telegraphic
night-signals.
No objection was made to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the resolution by
adding to it the following:
And that the Secretary of the Navy be requested to ad-
vise the House what, if any, experiments he has made in
the mauer of governors for marme steam engines; whal,
if any such, governor he would recommend for the use of
the Navy; aiul what expense, in his opinion, would be
saved to the Government by the use of the governor upon
any steamship and propellers.
Mr. MORSE. I do not think that the gentle-
man's amendment is of the same nature as my
resolution. Mine is a mere call for information
upon the subject of night-signals now in use in
the Wavy, and covers a large amount of inform-
ation which is necessary, and will be quite inter-
esting.
Mr. COX. My amendment has the same ob-
ject. I hope the gentleman will accept it.
Mr. MORSE. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified by the addition of
Mr. Cox's proposition, was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. J. Glossbrenner, his
private Secretary, informing the House that he
did, upon the 5th instant, approve and sign an act
(H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza A.
Merchant, widow of the late First Lieutenant and
Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the Uni-
ted States Army; and a bill (H. R. No. 862)
making appropriation for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1862; also communicating to the House a
message in writing.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the eighth annual report of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
POSTPONEMENT OE TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. This day was set apart for ter-
ritorial business. I ask that that business be post-
poned until Tuesday and Wednesday of next
week.
■ Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I must object to
the postponement of territorial business, unless
there is some reason for it. The gentleman has
given none. The session is fast passing away,
and if anything is to be done for the Territories,
it ought to be done as soon as possible. I know
of no reason for postponing the territorial busi-
ness, unless it be to wait for the report of the
special committee of thirty-three. I have, upon
several occasions, asked if that committee in-
tended to make any report; and if so, when; but I
have got no information. 1 have lost all hope of
any adjustment taking place; and I am therefore
opposed to referring anything more to that com-
mittee.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will not insist on his objection. The House
set apart two days for territorial business. That
order was postponed, because the House had re-
ferred a part of the business of the Territorial
Committee to a special committee. Thatcommit-
tee has not yet reported. Therefore, I have asked
that this business may be postponed. Formyown
part,I think that the bestway to settle this whole
question is to organize territorial governments
over all the territory that the Government owns.
That will end all legislation about it. I am dis-
posed, however, to extend to the special commit-
tee that courtesy which is due from one commit-
tee to another.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I %vould inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether that
special committee is likely to make a report? If
so, I will withdraw my objection. I have not
heard from any member of the committee as to
the progress of the business. I do not think it
right to have business postponed, unless there be
some prospect of a report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Missouri to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I renew the objection, if it is
withdrawn in deference to the special committee.
If there be any other good reason for postponing
the. territorial business, I will make no objection.
Mr. GROW. I move to postpone the terri-
torial business, and to set apart Tuesday and
Wednesday of next week for it.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE or TIIE UNION.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask leave to present a
petition, signed by citizens of Princeton, in tho
State of New Jersey, touching the present con-
dition of national affairs. It is numerously signed,
and at the head of the list appears the name of
the venerable president of the College of New
Jersey. As this memorial contains some practical
suggestions, I ask unanimous consent that it may
be read. It is very short.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its being read;
for if we read all the petitions presented, business
cannot be properly attended to. Let it be referred.
The SPEAXCER. It will be referred to the
committee of thirty-three.
Mr. BURNETT. I object t,o the reference of
anything to the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that this petition
will be published in the report in the Globe, where
it will meet the eyes of members, and have the
same effect as if it were read now.
Mr.STRATTON. Then I move that the pe-
tition be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to its being printed.
A Member. What becomes of the petition
then ?
The SPEAKER. It is not considered as being
before the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. What has been done
with the President's message ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have it read
to the House immediately.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the petition presented
by the gentleman from New Jersey be referred
to the committee of thirty-three. I raise the point
of order in regard to the objection of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that an objection does not
defeat its reference. If the gentleman prefers its
reference to another committee, he may make
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
will recollect that the reception of the petition was
objected to. It cannot be received except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. It can be filed under the rules.
NATIONAL ARMS AND PROPERTY.
Mr. STANTPON. A week ago the Committee
on Military Affairs was instructed to make certain
inquiries, with leave to report at any time. I
now report from that committee a letter from the
Secretary of War, accompanied by a statement
as to the distribution of arms during the past year
to the States, the arms sold, and the condition of
the arsenals and other public property in the port
of Charleston. There are a good deal of rumors,
and speculations, and misapprehension as to the
true state of facts in regard to this matter. The
committed, has instructed me to report to tho
House, and to ask that the statement be printed
and recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
It was so ordered.
SIUSSACE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate, and
House of Rcpresentutatives:
At the opening of your present session I called
your attention to the dangers which threatened the
existence of the Union. I expressed my opinion
freely concerning the original causes of those dan-
gers, and recommended such measures as I be-
lieved would have the effcct of tranquilizing the
country and saving it from the peril in which it
had been needlessly and most unfortunately in-
volved. Those opinions and recommendations I
do not propose now to repeat. My own convic-
tions upon the whole subject remain unchanged.
The fact that a great calamity was impending
over the nation was even at that time acknowl-
edged by every intelligent citizen. It had already
made itself felt throughout tho length and breadth
of the land. The necessary consequences of the
alarm thus produced were most deplorable. The
imports fell off with a rapidity never known be-
fore, except in time of war, in the history of our
foreign commerce; the Treasury was unexpect-
edly left without the means which it had reason-
ably counted upon to meet the public engage-
ments; trade was paralyzed; manufactures were
stopped; the best public securities suddenly sunk
in the market; every species of property depre-
ciated more or less; and thousands of poor men,
who depended upon their daily labor for their
daily bread, were turned out of employment.
I deeply regret that I am not able to give you
any information upon the stateofthe Union which
is more satisfactory than what I was then obliged
to communicate. On the contrary, matters are
still worse at present than they then were.
When Congress met, a strong hope pervaded the
whole public mind that some amicable adjust-
ment of the subject would speedily be made by
the representatives of the States and of the peo-
ple, which might restore peace between the con-
flicting sections of the country. That hope has
been diminished by every hour of delay; and
as the prospect of a bloodless settlement fades
