1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
away, the public distress becomcs more and more
aggravated. As evidence of this, it is only neces-
sary to say that the Treasury notes, authorized
by the act of 17th of December last, were adver-
tised according to the law, and that no respons-
ible bidder offered to take any considerable sum
at par at a lower rate of interest than twelve per
cent. Prom these facts it appears that, in a Gov-
ernment organized like ours, domestic strife, or
even a well-grounded fear of civil hostilities, is
more destructive to our public and private inter-
ests than the most formidable foreign war.
In my annual message, I expressed the con-
viction, which I have long deliberately held, and
which recent reflection has only tended to deepen
and confirm, that no State has a right, by its own
act, to secede from the Union, or throw off its
Federal obligations at pleasure. I also declared
my opinion to be, that even if that right existed,
and should be exercised by any.State of the Con-
federacy, the executive department of this Gov-
ernment had no authority, under the Constitu-
tion, to recognize its validity by acknowledging
the independence of such State. This left me no
alternative, as the chief executive officer under
the Constitution of the United States, but to col-
lect the public revenues, and to protect the public
property, so far as this might be practicable un-
der existing laws. This is still my purpose. My
province is tocxecute, and not to make, the laws.
It belongs to Congress, exclusively, to repeal, to
modify, or to enlarge their provisions, to meet
exigencies as they may occur. I possess no dis-
pensing power.
I certainly had no right to make aggressive war
upon any State; and 1 am perfectly satisfied that
the Constitution has wisely withheld that power
even from Congress. But the right and the duty
to use military force defensively against those
who resist the Federal officers in the execution of
their legal functions, and against those who assail
the property of the Federal Government, is clear
and undeniable.
But the dangerous and hostile attitude of the
States towards each other has already far trans-
cended ami cast in the shade the ordinary execu-
tive duties already provided for by law, and has
assumed such vast and alarming proportions as
to place tiie subject, entirely above and beyond
executive control. The fact cannot be disguised
that we are in the midst of a great revolution. In
all its various bearings, therefore, I commend the
question to Congress, as the only human tribunal,
under Providence, possessing the power to meet
the existing emergency. To tlieni exclusively
belongs the power to declare war, or to authorize
the employmentof military force in all cases con-
templated by the Constitution; and they alono.
possess the power to remove grievances which
might lead to war, and to secure peace and union
to this distracted country. On them, and on them
alone, rests the responsibility.
The Union is a sacred trust, left by our revo-
lutionary fathers to their descendants; and never
did any other people inherit so rich a legacy. It
has rendered us prosperous in peace, and triumph-
ant in war. The national flag has floated in glory
over every sea. Under its shadow American cit-
izens have found protection and respect in all
lands beneath the sun. Tf we descend to consid-
erations of purely material interest, when, in the
history of.nl) time, has a confederacy been bound
(ogether by such strong ties of mutual interest?
Each portion of. it is dependent on all, and all
upon each portion, for prosperity and domestic
security. Free trade throughout the whole sup-
plies the wants of one portion from the produc-
tions of another, and scatters wealth everywheie.
The great planting and farming States require the
aid of the commercial and navigating States, to
send their productions to domestic and foreign
markets, and to furnish the naval power to render
their transportation secure against all hostile at-
tacks.
Should the Union perish in the midst of the
present excitement, we have already had a sad
foretaste of the universal suffering which would
result from its destruction. The calamity would
be severe in every portion of the Union, and
would be quite as great, to say the least, in the
southern as in the noitbern States. The gieatest
aggravation of the evil, and that which would
place us in the most unfavorable light both befoie
the world and posteuty, is, as I am firmly con-
vinced, that the secession movement has been
chiefly based upon a misapprehension at the South
of the sentiments of the majority in several of the
northern States. Let the question be transferred
from political assemblies to the ballot-box, and
the people themselves would speedily redress the
serious grievances which the South have suffered.
But, in Heaven's name, let the trial be made be-
fore we plunge into armed conflict upon the mere
assumption that there is no other alternative.
Time is a great conservative power. Let us pause
at this momentous point, and afford the people,
both north and south, an opportunity for reflec-
tion. Would that South Carolina had been con-
vinced of this truth before her precipitate action!
I therefore appeal through you to the people of
the country to declare in their might that the
Union must and shall be preserved by all con-
stitutional means. I most earnestly recommend
that you devote yourselves, exclusively, to the
question how this can be accomplished in peace.
All other questions, when compared to this, sink
into insignificance. The present is no time for
palliations. Action, prompt action, is required.
A delay in Congress to prescribe or to recommend
a distinct and practical proposition for concilia-
tion, may drive us to a point from which it will
be almost impossible to recede.
A common ground on which conciliation and
harmony can be produced, is surely not unattain-
able. The proposition to compromise by letting
the North have exclusive contiol of the territory
above a certain line, and to give southern institu-
tions protection below that line, ought to receive
universal approbation. In itself, indeed, it may
not be entirely satisfactory; but when the alter-
native is between a reasonable concession on both
sides and a destruction of the Union, it is an im-
putation upon the patriotism of Congress to assert
that its members will hesitate for a moment.
Even now the danger is upon us. In several
of the Stateswhich have not yetscceded, the forts,
arsenals,and magazines of the United States, have
been seized. This is by for the most serious step
which has been taken since the commencement of
the troubles. This public property has long been
left without garrisons and troops for its protec-
tion ; because no person doubted its security under
the flag of the country in any State of the Union.
Besides, our small Army has scarcely been suffi-
cient to guard our remote frontiers against Indian
incursions. The seizure of this property, from
all appearances, has been purely aggressive, and
not in resistance to any attempt to coerce a State
or States to remain in the Union.
At the beginning of these unhappy troubles, I
determined that no act of mine should increase
the excitement in either section of the country. If
the political conflict were to end in a civil war, it
was my determined purpose not to commence it,
nor even to furnish an excuse for it by any act
of this Government. My opinion remains un-
changed, that justice, as well as sound policy, re-
quires us still to seek a peaceful solution of the
questions at issue between the North and the
South. Entertaining this conviction, I refrained
even from sending reinforcements to Major An-
derson, who commanded the forts in Charleston
harbor, until an absolute necessity for doing so
should make itself apparent, lest it might unjustly
be regarded as a menace of military coercion, and
thus furnish, if not a provocation, at least a pre-
text for an outbreak on the part of South Caro-
lina. No necessity for these reinforcements
seemed to exist. I was assured by distinguished
and upright gentlemen of South Carolina, that
no attack upon Major Anderson was intended;
but that, on the contrary, it was the desire of the
State authorities, as much as it was my own, to
avoid the fatal consequences which must eventu-
ally follow a military collision.
And here I deem it proper to submit, for your
information, copies of a communication dated
28th December, 18C0, addressed to me by R. W.
Barnwell, J. H. Adams, and James L.Orr, " com-
missioners" from South Carolina, with the ac-
companying docu menU;anfl copies of my answer
theieto,'dated 31st December. _ ;
In further explanation of Major Anderson s
removal from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, it
is proper to state that after my answer to the
South Carolina "commissioners," the War De-
partment received a letter from that gallant offi-
cer, dated on the 27th December, 18f>0, the day
after this movement, from which the following is
an extract:
I will add, as my opinion, that many things convinced
me that the authorities of tiie State designed to .proceed to
a hostile act."
Evidently referring to the orders, dated Decem-
ber 11, of the late Secretary of War. *
" Under Ibis impression, 1 could not hesitate that it was
my solemn duty to move tny command from a fort which
we could not probahly have held longer than forty-eight or
sixty hours, to this one, where my power of resistance is
increased to a very great degree.15
It will he recollected that the concluding part
of these orders was in the following terms:
" Tile smallness of your force will not peimit you. per-
haps, to occupy more than one of the three forts; hat an
attack on or attempt to take possession of either one of them
will be regarded as an act of hostility, and you may then put
your command into either of them which you may deem "
most proper to increase its power of resistance. You are
also authorized to take similar defensive steps whenever
you have tangible evidence of a design to proceed to a hos-
tile act."
It said that serious apprehensions are, to some
extent, entertained, in which I do not share, that
the peace of this District may be disturbed before
the 4th of March next. In any event, it will be
my duty to'preserve it, agd this duty shall be
performed.
In conclusion, it maybe permitted to me to re-
mark, that I have often warned my countrymen
of the dangers which now surround us. This
may be the last time I shall refer to the subject
officially. I feel that my duty has been faithfully,
though it maybe imperfectly, performed; and,
whatever the result may be, I shall carry to my
grave the consciousness that I at least meant well
for my country.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington City, January 8,1861.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I offer thefol-
lowing resolution; and on it I demand the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the message be referred to a special com-
mittee ot five members of this House, and tliat they be in-
structed to report on the same as early as possible ; and
that said committee make immediate inquiry, and report:
1. Whether any executive otiicer of the United States has
been or is now treating or holding communication with any
person or persons concerning tiie surrender of any forts,
fortresses, or public property of tile United Slates, and
whether any demand for such suirender has been made,
when and by whom, and what answer lias been given. 2.
Whether any ofticer of this Government has at any time
entered into any pledge, agreement, or understanding, with
any person or persons, not to send reinforcements to the
foits of the United States in the harbor of Charleston, and
the paiticulars ol such agreement, pledge, or understand-
ing ; when, where, and with whom it was made, and on
what consideration. 3. What demand for reinfoicemcnts
of the said torts lias been made, and lor what reason such
reinforcements have not been furnished. 4. Where the
ships of the United States are now stationed, with what
commands, and witli what orders. 5. Whether the cus-
tom-house, post office, arsenal, and other public buildings
of the United States at Charleston have been seized and
are held in possession by any person or persons, and the
particulars of such seizure ami possession. 6. Whether
any revenue cutter of the United States has been seized
and is now held in possession by any person or persons,
and the particulars thereof; and whether any efforts.have
been made by the head of the Treasury Department to re-
capture orrecoverpossession of said vessel. That the com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papers, to take
testimony, and report ftom time to tune, as iacts material
to the national safety and national honor may be disclosed
by the evidence.
Mr. SMITII, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. Is that resolution in order?
Mr. JONES. I object to its admission.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is decidedly of
opinion that the resolution is in order. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has a right to make a mo-
tion to commit, with instructions; and on that he
demands the previous question. The only ques-
tion before the House now is, shall the previous
question be seconded?
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order in
connection with the instructions proposed to be
given to the sclect committee. These instructions,
in one particular, vary the rules of the House,
and therefore cannot be adopted without a two-
thirds vote. I allude to that portion of the instruc-
tions ^vhich authorizes the committee to reportat
any time. That changes the rules of the House,
and I therefore make the point of order about it.
The SPEAKER. Let that part of the resolu-
tion be again read , that we may see how the fact is.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The language
of the resolution is to " report from time to time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Exactly. That amounts to
the same tlnnjr
