1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
That crime, the highest known to the laws of the woild,
appears in our history to have assumed a milder form, to be
treated with marked tenderness by the authorities ot the
Government against winch the crime is perpetrated. We
do not think the history of any Government furnishes, in
this respect, any paialiel to the policy of our own; and we
cannot behove .that any Government, however powerful,
can long sutvive the inauguiation of, and persistence in,
such a policy. Wetherefoieregarditourdutyto condemn,
in the most emphatic terms, the course puibued by the Pres-
ident in recognizing or substantially holding diplomatic
communication witbthe rebellious authouties of the State
ot South Caiolina. The dignity ot the Government leqmred,
at least, that the President should at once, and with fiim-
ness, decline all negotiations with a State in the attitude
o£ rebellion, if the obligations of his oath did not icquire
him to hand over such of the rebels as came within his
power to the civil authorities of the United States, to be
dealt with accoiding to the forms of law.
Even while these negotiations weie going on, the Presi-
dent received infoimation that the authouties of the State
of South Caiolina had seized, by force, Castle Pinckney,
Fort Moultrie, the United States arsenal, and the custom-
house and post office in the city ot Charleston. Although
the correspondence before us does not declare the tacts, the
history of tiie times furnishes us with the results of this
" peace policy." in several other States of the Union, the
authotity of the Government ot the United States has been
defied and insulted, its flag dishonored, and its property
unlawfully seized. No efloit has been made to defend or
recover it; and now a revolutionary government, embrac-
ing six of the States of the Union (in all ot which acts of
violence agotnst the property of the United States have been
committed) is set up in defiance of, and in hostility to, the
Government of the Unitdd States.
Thi< revolutionary government must either be recognised
or repudiated. lis independence must be acknowledged,
or the poisons engaged in the effort to establish it must be
floated a-< rebel-* and traitors to the Constitution of the
United States. To acknowledge the. right of secession oi
recognize the revolutionary acts giowing out ot it, is a sur-
render of the authority, powei, and dignity oi the Govern-
ment of the United States, and a substantial agreement to
its destruction. We cannot believe that the Amencan
people will consent to the dissolution ot the Federal Union
without an effort to ?ave it, even if that efloit involves a
resort to all the powers which the Government is able to
command. That it can be piescived by peaceful negotia-
tion and eomptonnse, does not seem ptob.ible ; lor in cer-
tain quarter* all propositions of that character are most
distinctly lcpudtatcd. The demand is made that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall surrender its authority,
or maintain itbv foice of aim?. Wc can imagine but one
answer thai ought to be given to such a demand, and the
longer it is delayed the more disa-tious may be the conse-
quences to those who resist as well as to those whodes-ire
to maintain the integrity, the dignity, and the authoiity of
the mos-t beneficent Government established since the
foundation of the woild.
The eoiiespondencc giowing out of the mission of Col-
onel Hayne, u special envov" trom the State of South Car-
olina, communicated with the message of the 8th of Febi u-
ary, 1861, is also befoie us. The object of the mission, as
nhcady stated, was to demand of the Piesident the uncon-
ditional surrendei of Poit Sumter to the authouties of the
Sute of South Caiolma, accompanied with a thieatthat if
the demand was refused it would be taken by force of arms.
The views we expiess as to the duty ot the Piesident in
relation to the first mission, apply with equal, if not greater
force,to that lepresentod by Colonel llajne, as special en-
voy. If it were possible, the character oi the second mis-
sion is even more insulting and offensive to the Government
ot the United State* than the fnst. In both instances, the
Picsulent refused to accede to the demands made upon him ;
but, in our judgment, this fact does not remove the objec-
tions urged against the propuety of leceivmg or entertain-
ing communications with any u commissioners" or <• en-
vov s" from Suites in the condition of act ual rebellion against
the Government, wiio come, not to obtain pardon foi their
offenses, but with demands which cannot, without disgrace
and humiliation, be for one moment entei tamed.
Whatever consequences may follow the effort to main-
tain the dignity and integrity of the Government of the
United States, it seems impossible to contemplate the pos-
sibility of lt^ peaeelul deduction. So long as it has the
power of self-preservation theie appears to be no alterna-
tive between its exercise, at whatever hazaid, and a cow-
ardly sunendei, without a blow suuck, upon the demand
of rebels and traitois.
Your committee insist upon maintaining the dignity and
exercising the power of the Government against any who
deliberately set about its destiuction, or invite collision
with its power oi its laws.
In conclusion, the committee recommend the adoption
of the following resolution: ^ .
Resolved, That, m the opinion of this House, the Presi-
dent had no constitutional power to negotiate with the rep-
resentatives of the State of South Carolina tor the ^ui tender
ot any public property within the limits of that State , nod
that it is inexpedient for Congress to take any fuither ac-
tion in relation thereto.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the committee
of five, to whom was referred the President's com-
munication of the 8th ultimo, with certain instruc-
tions, and his subsequent communication of the
9th instant, presented, by leave of the House, the
following- minority report, upon so much of the
said reference as relates to the correspondence be-
tween the President and those invested by the
State of South Carolina with a diplomatic char-
acter;
A lecurrence to event" will enable the judgment to pro-
nounce, with moie certainty and justice, upon the acts of
the President who'll &eem to have nutated the patriotism
and ptovoked the auimadvwsion of the majority of the com-
mittee. Their startling array marshals to us a connection
of facts unparalleled, if not hitheito supposed to be with-
out the pale of political possibility. The sovereign State
of South Carolina, for causes of assumed adequacy, severed
the federative bonds which embraced her, and by inherent
sovereignty constituted herself an independent State. Were
we to receive her declarations as political doetnne, and
her public acts as iri efragabie authority,she thereby emerged
fiom the th ralldom ot the confederate Union,and maintained
what she assumed—the attitude and power of a rightful in-
dependence. In pursuance of her designs, the regenerated
State authenticated commissioners to treat with the Pres-
ident of the United States concerning mutual rights in
abeyance between them. Among those enumerated appear
to have been the fortifications, arsenals, magazines, light-
houses, &c., the real piopeity of the United States, and their
appurtenances, together with the values they represented.
The advent of the. commissioners was recognized by the
Piesident as the arrival in Washington of distinguished cit-
izens. Their interviews with him partook of the private
consideration in which they were held ; and the routine of
colloquial interviews mighthaveiiliimtablyconUuued had
they not been terminated by the startling intelligence that
Major Anderson, m his literal compliance with the in-
structions of the President, had made more secure the prop-
erty of the United States in Chaileston harbor, concerning
which it was the intent of the commissioners to treat. This
event was the signal for the first written communication
from the commissioners to the President, in which they
displayed a copy of their instructions and powers. The
Piesident, in reply, uses the following language:
"In answer to this communication, 1 have to say that
my position as President of the United States was clearly
defined in the message to Congress on the 3d instant. In
that I stated that 'apart from the execution of the laws,
so far as this may be practicable, the Executive has no au-
thority to decide what shall be the relations between the
Federal Government and South Carolina. Jlehas been in-
vested with no such discretion. He possesses no power
to change the relations heietofore existing between them,
much less to acknowledge the independence of that State.
This would be to invest a meie executive officer with the
power of recognizing the dissolution of the Confederacy
among our thnty-thiee soveieign States. It bears no resem-
blance to the iccogmtion of a foreign de facto Government,
involving no such responsibility. Any attempt to do this
would, on his pait, be a naked act of usurpation. It is
therefoie my duty to submit to Congress the whole question
in all its beatings..'
" Such is my opinion still. I could therefore meet vou
only as pi ivate gentlemen of the highest chaiacter, and was
entirely willing to communicate to Congress anv proposi-
tion you might have to make to that body upan the subject.
Of this you were well aware. It was my earnest desire
that such a disposition might be made of the whole subject
by Congress, who alone pos«Ci the powei, as to picvent
the inauguiation of a civil wai between the paities in re-
gard to the possession of the Federal forts in the harbor of
Chaileston; and I therefore deeply regret that, in your
opinion,' the events of the last twenty-tour hours render
this impossible.5"
The import of this language cannot well be mistaken.
Its assertions aie to thefull effcct of repudiating official re-
lations between South Carolina as a foreign government,
and himself as President ot the United States, and a refer-
ence of the whole question to Congress. Jt is addressed to
Robert W. Barnwell, James II. Adams, and James L. Oi r,
" with great personal regard," and not to the commission-
ers, who aspired to represent the sovereignty of an inde-
pendent and foreign State. It is, perhaps, needless, though
it may be well, to notice that the representatives of South
Carolina, while admitting this attitude of the President to-
wards Hum, fortified the dignity of their position with the
subsequent written declaration that " they felt no special
solicitude as to the character in which you [the President]
might recognize ti-.," [the commissioners.] It diplomatic
relations suppose a mutuality of official chaiacter, it i<3 quite
certain that the personal appeaiance of James Buchanan
in this correspondence deprives it of its imputed nature.
The simplest mind will not have failed to pciceive that, so
far from an official recognition by the President of the Uni-
ted States of the government of South Carolina having oc-
cuued, not only was its prudence, but its possibility, denied,
and " the v\ hole question "" was referred to the arbitrament
of Congress. Indeed, to such a reference by the Piesident,
in puisuance of the intentthus expressed, is it that the ma-
jouty ot the committee are now empowered to pervert his
declarations and acts into evidences of a censurable corre-
spondence with a rebellious State. It is coneeived that the
fmthei effusion of words upon this topic of investigation
would be an extravagant expenditure of both time and la-
bor The simplicity of the case can in nowise detractfrom
its strength. Its perfect symmetry of proportion commends
to the public that admirable piudenee which preserved un-
sullied from even approximate reproach the purity of the
presidential character when remitting to Congtess the decis-
ion of a purely constitutional question.
But we are admonished by the majoiity of the commit-
tee, that the presidential ermine was soiled in the epistolary
coirespondence which, at a latei date, oecuired between
Hon. J. Holt, Secietarv of War ad interim, on the part of
the Government, and Hon. 1. W. Hayne, envoy fiom the
I State of South Carolina, beaung a communication from
I the Governor of tiiat State to the President of the United
I States, in relation to the surrendei of Foil Sumter. Itmust
! be remembered that the coirespondence communicated to
1 the House m no instance disclose-* either personal or epis-
t tolaiv mteicourse between the President and the envoy.
Senatorial int *ivention diveited the latter from the pros-
i ecution of his purpose; and substituted for his, a com-
munication from certain Senatois to the President upon
the controverted questions. It may he well to icptoduce,
at this point, the communication refened to. It is as
follows:
Senate Chamber, January 11,1881.
Sir • We have been requested to piesent to you copies ot
a cones pondenee between < citain Senators of the Lmted
| States and Colonel Isaae W Hajne, now in this city, m
behalf of the government of South Carolina; and to ask
that yon will take into consideration the subject of said
correspondence.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
BEN. FiTZPATRICK,
S. R. MALLOltY,
JOHN SLIDELL.
To His Excellency James Buchanan,
President of the United States.
Proceeding through a constitutional channel, the subject
of inquiry and demand thus unexcepuonably submitted to
his notice received from the President a fitting response
through the Secretary of War ad interim. The following
extract affirms the continued and careful scrupulousness
with which the constitutional integrity of the chief exec-
utive officer was guarded, and the dignity of the Govern-
ment maintained:
" In regard to the proposition of Colonel Hayne, c that
no reinforcement* will be sent to Fort Sumter, in the in-
terval, and that public peace will not be disturbed by any
act of hostility towards South Carolina,' it is impossible
for mc to give you any such assurances. The President
has no authority to enter into such an agreement or under-
standing. As an executive officer, he is simply bound to
protect the public property, so far as this may be practica-
ble; and it would be a manifest violation of his duty to
place himself under engagements that he would not per-
form this duty, either tor an indefinite or a limited period.
At the present moment, it is not deemed necessary to rein-
force Major Anderson, because he makes no such request,
and feels quite secure in his position. Should his safety,
however, require reinforcements, every effort will be made
to supply thein.
" In regard to an assurance from the President, ' that
public peace will not be disturbed by any act of hostility
towards South Carolina,' the answer will readily occur to
yourselves. To Congress, and to Congress alone, belongs
the power to make war, and it would be an act ofusuipa-
uon tor the Executive to give any assurance that Congress
would not exercise this power, however strongly he may
be convinced that no such intention exists."
It is not possible that a more successful refutation of the
charge against the President of diplomatic intercourse with
representatives accredited from the State of South Caro-
lina, could be either constructed 01 imagined. With "char-
acteristic care, even the remotest advances to such a con-
summation were distinctly repelled. The most casual con-
versations were rescued from perversion by remarkable
precautions; and the self-imposed restraint of South Car-
olina was the result rather of the inferences of her citizens
than of any assurances alleged to have been given by the
Executive. In the whole course of the published corre-
spondence. it will be impossible to detect the mon trifling
deviation fiom the earliest annunciation by the President
in his message to Congress at its opening of his intention
to defend, with the whole power of the Government, its
property, and to conserve its lights with all his constitu-
tional vigor. The ardent inspirations of an uncaleulatiug
zeal have denounced as timidity these dictates of sobriety.
Impulsive impetuosity has dei ided them; and tbe ungen-
erous impulses of political hostility have visited upon them
the invectives of acrimonious controversy. But the sober
sense of the public will inevitably prevail over these facti-
tious stimulants of factious discord. Ultimately wtlJ be
recognizedand acknowledged the prescient wisdom which
palliated the shock of disunion by the proseiv.itiou of
peace, which pieserved from desolation by harricadi.ig the
paths of blood, and wooed the occasion for conciliation,
compiomise. and adjustment, by the councils of moderation
and peace. Thattlie evening light still hngcia in the part-
ing day ; and that to a people's prayer* and hopes, the
night hath not yet come, may with truth be ascribed to the
equable action of the President.
It is to be i egretted that the stridulous cry of partisan pol-
ities penetrates through, and rises above, the dismal moan
of a dissolving Republic. It is sad to think how reproaches
exhaust the energies and invectives occupy the faculties
that a less disordered temperament or a more equally poised
intellect would have devoted to harmonious cooperation,
and have ciowned with national preservation. It is, how-
ever, to be entertained as one, not the least alarming of the
cuirent expositions of the day; and the philosophic ob-
server, however he be depressed by the reflection, will not
probably err in his estimate of the hopelessness of om con-
dition, when including this among the signs and wonders
of the latter days. 1 would not willingly encourage by de-
fending the delinquency of any public officer. The more
elevated his position, the greater should be the exactions
upon his virtue and capacity. But the distressing pronc-
ness of the professional party critic to detract from official
virtue, and the tendency of party spirit to defame political
adversaues. should be indicated in their inception, and be
transfixed with the public reprobation. Ido not apply these
reflections to the report of the majority of the committee;
but I am clearly of opinion that their remembrance would
disarm its perusal of some of its b^^CpQ^RA]NirEi
I concur in the conclusions, and in most of the views
above expressed. 0 BRANCH-
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the ma-
jority and minority reports be printed in the
Globe.
It was so ordered.
PATENT LAW.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the committee of con-
ference upon the bill amending the patent laws,
to report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the dlsagreeingvotes of
the two Houses of Congress on the amendments to the bill
(S. No. 10) entitled " An act in addition to an act t«  pro-
mote the progtessof titeuoeful aits," having met, and alter
