29.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
where most needed. The- amount estimated by
the. Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the
survey ofthe Atlantic and Gulf coast was $250,000.
That would enable him to carry on his operations
upon the same basis that he has done during the
present fiscal yean. But it is very easy to dimin-
ish the force employed one half, and carry on the
survey only at particular localities whore it has
not heretofore been carried forward. The Super-
intendent might expend $120,000judiciously; and
he ought to be confined to that sum. I can give
no o.ther reason for the action of the Committee
of Ways and Means. The matter was fully con-
sidered, and this reduction was deemed a matter
of absolute necessity.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not understand that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have reported the
amount which the chairman has indicated. Tim
sum reported is $ 120,000. The amount estimated
for by the Departmen t is §250,000. What I wan t to
know is, whether the work now in operation upon
these nine sections of the coast can be done for
the amount appropriated in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Massa-
chusetts will see that the third item of the bill is
an appropriation of $20,000 for the survey of the
Floridareefs, which makes up the sum of $120,000
for the Atlantic and„Gulf coasts.
Mr. ELIOT. It seems to me that one of two
policies ought to be pursued—either to stop the
work or continue it in such a way as that the force
now employed can be successfully continued. It
seems to me that this is not the time to discon-
tinue appropriations for this purpose. It seems
to mo eminently important that the survey of the
coast should be continued, and that this work, so
admirably and thoroughly performed upon one
part of our coast, should be continued on others.
I hope my amendment will meet with the favor of
the committee. *
Mr. QJJARLES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot,] and I would ask him if, in his judgment,
the Tieasury of the country is in a condition to
justify an increase of the appropriations for this
year upon the last. I see from the estimates that
the appropriation last year for this purpose was
$250,000; and if the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts should prevail, it would be
this year $290,000, and that at a time when it is
known thai wc are paying twelve per cent, for
money to meet the ordinary current expenses of
the Government. Seventeen years ago we appro-
priated $100,000 for this very same purpose; and
annually, from that time, a similar appropriation
has been made, and the appropriation has in-
creased in amount. Where is this thing to stop ?
Is the survey of our coast never to terminate ?
In the estimate covered by this appropriation
there is provision made for the survey of ttic coast
of Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Is this to
become one of the permanent appropriations of
the Government? It was not originally so in-
tended. Is it proper? I think that, so far from
adopting the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, we should strike out the entire
appropriation, and suspend this branch of (he
public service until the condition of the country
will justify its being taken up and carried on to
completion.
I have no data on which to estimate the amount
already appropriated for this very Coast Survey.
But, I find that, so long as seventeen years ago,
there was only $100,000 appropriated for it; and
I venture the assertion that the expense has been
increased instead of diminished every year since
then; white, of course, the extent of coast to be
surveyed has been regularly diminishing. If
$100,000 was enough seventeen years ago, when
there was no part of the coast surveyed, I want
to know why can the department not manage to
do with that amount now? Have we as much
coast to survey now as we had seventeen years
ago? Ilave wc made no progress in the survey?
Why is it that this amount will not do us now,
when it way enough for us seventeen years ago?
If I had time to examine, 1 could perhaps furnish
to the committee something as to the amount,
expended. As intimated by my colleague, [Mr.
Maynard,] 1 venture to say thatif this thing goes
on, the survey of the water hue will cost more than
the whole territory of the United States. I think
that this amend men t should not be adopted by the
committee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not wish to
detain the committee any length of time in pre-
senting any views on the question which this
amendment proposes; but I think that the whole
question which the appropriation bill presents at
this point, is one of significant importance, and
one which should receive the calm deliberation
of the committee, so that they may specifically
vote with intelligence and judgment upon it. It
has been alleged, sir, inferentially, that this great
project is unwise, and, as a Government project,
useless to the country. I infer that that is the
judgment of gentlemen who have addressed the
committee thus far, in opposition to the scheme,
from the fact that it is stated that probably the
expenses of this survey, when it shall have been
completed, will be equal to the value of the whole
land of the United States, at its present valuation.
Well, sir, and what if it be so? I presume that,
when completed, the influence of that survey will,
in fact, duplicate the present value of all the land
of the United States. The value of that land de-
pends not only on its capacity for production,but
on the value of that produce in the markets of the
world; and it is intended, by this improvement,
to afford facilities for the transportation of that
produce to every market of the world. Would
the gentlemen who oppose this appropriation take
a deliberate position here, before this committee,
and before the world, that the United States of
America shall be commercially isolated ? That it
shall be, by an embargo in the law of the land,
prevented from transporting its produce to the
commercial markets of the world? Why, sir,
such a proposition would be absurd—would be
legislatively preposterous—and a gentleman who
would make it would bo at one pronounced a
maniac or madman. And yet, in its ultimatum
and extremity, foolish and absurd as would be
that proposition, it is equally applicable in a pro-
portionate degree to the proposition that the ex-
pensivenessof this Coast Survey is an obstacle to
Us further progress.
Sir, it is effectually wise, it is a mark of en-
larged legislation, that the country should embark
in projects of this kind. It is not only the safety
of the land, hut it is the safety of the approach to
the land, which communicates value and imparts
character to the country. Were we but a weather-
beaten rock,tobeappioached byshoals, that rock
would be valueless in the eye of all nations. It
would be unapproachable. Were weacultivated
parcel of property, with a salubrious climate, in-
viting emigration to all parts of the world, and
were yet inaccessible by reason of dangerous
navigation* equally valueless would be our soil,
equally inefficient would be our geographical posi-
tion. It is essential, sir, in order to impart char-
acter, in order to give to ourselves a position in
the estimation of the civilized commercial world,
and in order to enhance the value of our soil and
its products, that we should, by increased facilities,
remove the danger of access to our coasts, so that
we can safely Uansport produce to our shores,
and from our shores all over the world wherever
want is felt and want is to bo supplied.
Now, in regard to this Coast Survey, it has been
of great value'to this country, ft has been of
great value not only to the country at large, but
to every class occupying its vast area; not only
to every class, but there is not an individual in
the land, however humble he may be, who quails
his water, or partakes of his food, or is clothed
with apparel, who has not felt, and who does not
continue to feci, the advantage of this great im-
provement. Every rock removed is a humanita-
i ian accomplishment Every shoal pointed out is
for the benefit of human life, as well as for the ad-
vantage of human acquisition. It cannot be con-
cealed, thatif we take the view of this subject wh ich
legislators should take, it is of great importance that
this Coast Survey should be notonly maintained,
but that it should be increased. It is felt not only
along our Atlantic shore, and the Gulf shore, and
the Pacific, shore, but it is felt along the shores of
every river in the interior, and in every city,
town, and hamlet in this broad land. There is
not an acre of ground, wherever it may be, all
over the surface of the country, that has not felt
the beneficial influence of this survey, and will
not continue to feel it. It is the broad, generous,
wise policy of this country that tins survey shall
be continued. Whatever may be the fate of the
country, the benefits of this survey will be felt in
every local part of the land, whether disjected or
retained in their orbits around the confederate
center. Every part will equally feel hereafter the
benefits of this work. Therefoie it is, sir, thatif
the capacity of the national exchequer is to be dis-
tended to its ultimate limits, it should bo in order
that the requisition of the head of this depart-
ment maybe fulfilled and complied with. For
such considerations as these, which might be
magnified and dilated upon to any extent here
this day, I shall cast my vote for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. MAYNARD. In my opinion there is a
very wide difference between surveying the coast,
and theCoastSurvey. ThegentlemanfromNew
York has made a very sensible argument, as ho
always does when he undertakes to talk sense,
[laughter,] on the importance of surveying tho
coast, and of giving to the country and to the
commercial world charts of the topography and
hydrography of our shores. I suppose there can
be no two opinions on that subject. But' the
Coast Survey is another and a very different
thing. It is a sort of mythical establishment
which has in some way attached itself to this
great Government. It is suggested that it is a
sort of barnacle which has fastened itself on the
operations of the Government; and which, under
pretense of surveying the coasts, amuses itself at
almost any and all kinds of occupation; concern-
ing itself with making celestial observations; con-
cerning itself in the operations of observatories as
far in the interior as the city of Albany, and I
know not in what else besides. I am for having
our coasts surveyed. They ought to have been
surveyed long ngo. I verily believe, and I have
no hesitation in asserting, that if the money which
has been already expended for this purpose had
been judiciously and prudently and economically
expended, we could have had every reef on our
coast surveyed from one ocean to the other.
I regard this as a great abuse—as one, sir, that
ought to be lopped off; and, as has been well
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee 'of Ways and Means, it is
a question whether the service ought not to be
cut off altogether. I might bo in favor of that
policy if it were proposed. At all events, I am
now in favor of reducing the Coast Survey service
within some reasonable, some comptehensible
dimensions. Let it be so arranged that we may
understand the extent to which this annual leak
is to be carried.
I am unwilling to say, here in my place, what
I have good evidence of as to the operations of
the Coast Survey; but suffice it to say here that
my reasons are sufficiently cogent to induce me
to oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and to offer at the
proper time the amendment which I now hold in
my hand. When the pending amendment is dis-
posed of, I will send it to the Clerk's desk; and
when it is read I think it will commend itself to
the approval of the committee.
Mr. STANTON. The district which I have
tho honor to represent upon this floor has no
particular interest in the Coast Survey of the Uni-
ted States; but, sir, I do not myself believe we
ought to suspend necessary and proper appro-
priations for carrying on its operations on account
of a temporary derangement in the finances of the
Government. If it be urged, as a good reason
for not making this appropriation, that the Gov-
ernment has now to pay a heavy percentage for
money, would it not apply, as an equally good
reason, to all other appropriations. This Coast
Survey service is pursued upon a lino of policy
long ago adopted, and which has been adhered
to for a series of years. The arrangements and
estimates of the Coast Survey office have been
adapted to that policy. The expenditures for the
year, provided form this bill, are predicated upon
those for preceding years. Gentlemen will see,
if we adopt the proposition reducing the appro-
priation, that great inconvenience must neces-
sarily result. Vessels may have to be discharged,
and various material may be denied which is es-
sential to the successful prosecution of the work.
All the appliances, all the necessities of the ser-
vice,have been provided upon the scale of expend-
iture set out m the estimates of the Coast Survey
Board. If the policy heretofore pursued be now
departed from, the consequence may be general
derangement and loss, by throwing out of uso
