1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the execution of the order of the House, that'the
main question be now put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was mistaken.
The gentleman from Illinois cannot withdraw his
proposition except by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVE^OY. I object, then.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the Chair to
decide that, the previous question operating, no
motion is in order which will delay the vote on
the main question, and that it is not in order for
thegentlemanfrom Illinois to withdraw his amend-
ment,
Mr.McCLERNAND. If my colleague with-
draws his proposition, will not the next vote be
on the Crittenden proposition?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Kentucky, who was so very eager yesterday to
have a vote on the Crittenden proposition, does
not seem so eager now.
Mr. BURNETT. If it is in order to reply to
the gentleman, he can proceed; otherwise I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman from Illinois could not withdraw his
proposition, because the main question had been
ordered to he put.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged motion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have the floor;
and I wish to say that if, because of conflicting
propositions to adjust the difficulties of this coun-
' try, my proposition is voted down, I will embrace
the first opportunity to renew it.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged motion.
I understand the Chair to decide that the gentle-
man from Illinois cannot withdraw his proposi-
tion, because of the pendency of the mam ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. GROW. I object. No motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
motion is not in order, if objected to, as the order
is partly executed.
Mr. MILLSON. There has been no vote taken
under that order.
The SPEAKER. A vote has been taken on
the amendment of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Burch.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that my friend from Illinois pro-
poses to withdraw the amendment which he has
offered, so as to give us a vote upon the Critten-
den proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state what
the object of the gentleman is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that is his
proposition. The point of order I make is, that
he has a right to withdraw his proposition, if he
chooses to do so.
Mr. BINGIIAM. The point comes too late,
as the question has already been decided.
Mr. SICKLES. I raise a point of order upon
the gentleman from Tennessee. Ho is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Only one point of order at
a time, gentlemen, if you please.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the Chair decides against
me, I must appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HICKMAN. The appeal comes too late.
The SPEAKER. The question has already
been settled, and the point comes too late. The
question now is upon the demand for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
point is raised too late, as the question was de-
cided ten minutes ago.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I suppose the gen-
tleman can withdraw his proposition by unan-
imous consent; and certainly, no one will object,
unless he is opposed to taking a vote on the Crit-
tenden propositions. [Cries of" Object!"]
Mr. MALLORY. in order to ascertain the
sense ot the Chair upon a certain matter to which
I wish to call his attention, I would ask the Chair
what the effect ofsustaimng the proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois will be ? Will it not, un-
der the rules of the House, brin** us toadnect
vote upon the Crittenden propositions?
The SPEAKER. It will be to substitute the
proposition of the s^ntieman from Illinois tor the j
Crittenden proposition. |
Mr. MALLORY. Then, if it is carried, we
do not come to a vote upon the Crittenden reso-
lutions?
The SPEAKER. We do not.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Crittenden
proposition can be offered in some other place.
[Cries of *i Call the roll!"]
Mr. MALLORY, (in the midst of repeated
cries of " Order!" and " Call the roll!") I wish
it understood that I shall vote against the propo-
sitions of the gentleman from Illinois, because I
prefer the Crittenden plan, and the Speaker has
informed the House, that if the pending proposi-
tion is carried, we arc precluded from a vote on
that. Next to the Crittenden proposition, I pre-
fer that of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CORWIN. I wish to know whether we
are to vote upon all the propositions of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, or only upon a part?
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon the roll being
called.
The SPEAKER. The vote will be taken upon
all the propositions of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 158; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Barr, Brigg«, Burch, Horace P.
Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, John G. Davis, English, Eth-
endge, Fouke, Gilmer, J. Morrison Harris, Hnluian, Wil-
liam Howard, Junkin, YVHlmni Kellogg, Lartabee, Logan,
Chailes D. Martin. McClernand, McKenty, Montgomery,
Isaac N". Morns, Nelson, Niblack, Ltiggs, James C. Kobin-
son, Sickles, Stokes, Stout, Vailandigham, and Webster—
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Andeison,
Ashley, Avery, Babbitt, Barret, iicaie, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Bocock, Boteler, Biabson, liianeh, ttiayton, Bris-
tow, Brown, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett, Burnham,
Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John B. Clark,
Coburn, Colfax, Conkling, Conway, Corwin, Covode,
Jamesi Craig, Burton Craige, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Pe Jarnette, Delano, Dinimick, Dnell, Dunn, Ed-
geuon, Ednmnd.-on, Edw.uds, Elliot, Ely, Farusworlh,
Fenfon, Ferry, Floience, Foster, Frank. Garnett, Gooch,
Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hamilton^ John T. Ilairis,
Haskin, Ilatton, Hickman, Hindinan, Hoard, William A.
Howard, Ilughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Jenkins,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore. Killinger, Kunkcl,
DeWitt C. Deaeh, James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Long-
neckei, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallorv, Marston, El-
bert S. Martin, Maynard, McICea.n,McKnight, McPheison,
jVlillson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Morse, Nix-
on, Noel!, (JUn, i'ahner, Peuit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter,
Potter, Pottle, Piyor, Q.uarles, Edwin It. Reynolds, John
H. Reynolds Rice, Chiistopher Robinson, Royce, Ruffm,
Rust, Scranton, Sedgwick, Simms, William N. H. Smith,
Somes, SpauJding, Splnnei, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson,
James A Stewart, William Stewait, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Thcaker, Thomas', Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vance, Vandcvcr, Verree, Wade, W'aldron, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Ellihu li. Washliurne, Wells,
Wiiiteley, Wilson. Wmdom, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff",
Woodson, and Wnght—1.58.
So the resolutions of Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,
were not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, said: I distinctly
prefer the Crittenden proposition to any other;
but, with pleasure I vole for tins proposition.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Allen, was called home to Ohio by
sickness in his family.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, said: "With
the hope of getting to a vote for the Crittenden
proposition, which I prefer, and because Mr. Kel-
logg's amendment does not settle the slavery
question so fully, I vote " no."
Mr. MAYNARD said: Sorry to be placed in
an attitude which compels me to vote against this
proposition, I do it only because it stands m the
way of the Crittenden proposition. I vote"no."
Mr. Q.UARLES said: Being forced under the
rules of the House to choose between the Crit-
tenden proposition and those offered by Mr.
Kellogg, of Illinois, and preferring those of Mr.
Crittenden, I vote ht no."
Mr. BRIGGS said: Unwilling to be recorded
against any proposition which proposes peace
and the settlement of our difficulties, and though
I prefer the Crittenden propositions, I will change
my vote, and vote 44 ay."
Mr. WOODSON said: I vote against this prop-
osition without reference to the Crittenden prop-
ositions, and because I believe it is inadequate to
the emergency, and unsatisfactory to the only
section of the Union that is aggrieved. I vote
" no."
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, said: I prefer the
Ciittenden propositions,and therefore 1 vote "no."
Mr. VALLANDIGII AM said: A s there is a
prospect that I shall have a chance to vote upon
both propositions, I shall vote " ay."
Mr. McKENTY said: I prefer the Crittenden
propositions. I would prefer anything which
would satisfy the South, and restore peace to the
country. I vote "ay."
Mr. BARR said: For the reasons given by my
colleague, [Mr, Briggs,] I change my vote, and
vote "ay."
Mr. SICKLES said: I prefer the Crittenden
compromise; but I desire to stand with my friends
from the Noith and West upon this vote. They
having all voted " ay," I vote " ay."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My vote cannot
endanger the Crittenden propositions; and there-
fore I change my vote, and vote " ay."
Mr. BURCH. For the reasons assigned by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sickles,] I
vote " ay."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was defeated; and
also move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the resolutions offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens.]
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Joint resolution.
Whereas the Union is in danger; and owing to the un-
happy divisions existing in Congress, it would be difficult,
if not impossible, for that body to concur, in both its
branches, by the requisite majority, so as to enable it either
to adopt such measures of legislation, or to recommend to
the States such amendments to the Constitution, as. air>
deemed nccessaiyand proper to avert that danger; and
whereas, in so great an emergency, the opiuion and judg-
ment of the people ought to be heard, and would be the
best and surest guide to their Representatives: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House oj Representatives of
the United States of America m Confess assembled, That
provision ought to be made by law, without delay, for tak-
ing the sense of the people, and submitting to their vote
the following resolutions as the basis for the hnai and per-
manent settlement of those deputes that now disturb the
peace of the country and threaten the existence of the
Union.
Joint Resolutions proposing certain amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
Whereas serious? and alarming dissensions have aiisen
between the northern and southern States, concerning the
rights and security ot the rights of the slaveholding States,
and especially their right's in the common terutory of the
United States; and wheieas it is eminently desirable and
proper that those dissensions, which now threaten the very
exigence of this Union, should be permanently quieted and
settled by constitutional provisions which shall do equal
justice to all sections, and thereby restoie to the people that
peace and good will which ought to prevail between all the
citizens ofthe United States : Theielore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmericain Congress assembled, (two thirds
of both Houses concurring,) That the following articles be,
and arc hereby, proposed and submitted as amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of said Constitution,
when ratified by conventions ot three fourths ot the several
Stales.
Art. 1. In all the territory of the United States now
held or hereafter acquired, situate north of the southern
boundary of Kansas and the northern boundary of New
Mexico, slaveiy or involuntary servitude, except as a pun-
ishment foi crime, is prohibited, while such tenitnry shall
remain under territorial government. In all the terutory
south of said line now held or heieafter acquired, slaveiy
of the Afiican race is hereby lecogmzed as existing, and
shall riot b« mteifered with by Congiess; but shall be pro-
tected as property by all the depaitments of the tenitoriai
government during its continuance; and when any Terri-
tory, north or south of said line, within such boundaries a3
Congress may piesciibe, shall contain the population re-
quisite for a member of Congress, aceoiding to the then
Federal ratio of representation ofthe people ofthe United
States, it shall, if its form of government be republican, be
admitted into the Union on an equal looting with the ori-
ginal States, with or without slavery, as the constitution
of such new State may provide.
Art. 2. Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery
in places under its exclusive jurisdiction, and situate within
the hnnts of States that permit the holding of slave*
Art. 3. Congress shall have no powei to abolish slavery
withm the Distuet of Columbia so long as it e\i<t- in the
adjommg States of Virginia and Mainland, oi eithn, nor
without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without juat
compensation first made to such owners of slaves as do not
consent to such abolishment. \Tor shail Congress at any
time prohibit ofiicers ot the Federal Government, ot mem-
bers of Congress, whose duties require them to be in «.au!
District, from bringing with them their slaves, and holding
them as such, during the time then duties ma> lequne
them to i emain there, and afterwanN taking them fiomtlte
District.
Art. 4. Congress shall have no power to piohibit, orhin-
d"i the transportation of slave-* fiom otic State to another,
or to a Tenitoiy in which -laves aie by law pcimitted to
be held, whether that tiau-poi tation be by land, navigable
rivcis, oi by the s<-a.
Art. o. Thaf, in addition to the piovi> ions- of the third
