1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
paragraph of the sccond section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, Congress stinJI have
power to provide by law, and it shall bo us duty so to pro-
vide. that the United States shall pay to the owner who
shall apply for it, the full value of his fugitive slave, in all
cases, when the marshal, or other olficer, whose duty it
was to arrest said fugitive, was prevented from so doing by
violence or intimidation, or when, after airest, said fugi-
tive was rescued by force, and the owner thereby prevented
ana obstructed in the pursuit of his remedy for the leeov-
ery of his fugitive slave, under the said clause of the Con-
stitution and the laws made in pursuance thereof. And in
all cases, when the United States shall pay for such fugi-
tive, they shall have the power to reimburse themselves bv
imposing and collecting a tax on the county or city in which
said violence, intimidation, or lescue was committed, equal
in amount to the sum paid by them, with the addition  f
interest and the costs ot collection; and the saidcounty or
city, after it lias paid said amount to the United States, may,
lor its indemnity, sue and lecover from the wrong-doers or
rescuers, by whom the owner was prevented from the re-
coveiy of his fugitive slave, in like manner as the owner
himself might have sued and recovered.
Art. 6. No future amendment of the Constitution shall
affect the five preceding articles, nor the third paragraph
of the sccond section of the first article of the Constitution,
nor the third paragiaph of the second section of the fourth
amcleot said Constitution; and no amendment shall be
made to the Constitution which will authorize or give to
Congt ess any power to abolish or interfere with slavery m
anv of the States by whose laws it is or may be allowed or
permitted.
Art. 7. Sec. 1. The elective franchise and the right to
hold office, whether Federal, State, territorial, or munici-
pal, shall not be exeicised by persons who are, in whole or
in part, of the African race.
Sec. 2. The United States shall have power to acquire,
from time to time, districts of country in Africa arid South
Amenca, for the colonization, at the expense of the Fed-
eial Treasury, of such free negroes* and mulattoca as the
several States may wish to have removed fromtheirhmits,
and fi om the District of Columbia, and such other places
as may be under the jurisdiction of Congress.
And whereas also, besides those eausesof dissension em-
braced m the foregoing amendments proposed to the Con-
stitution of the United States, there are others which come
withm the jurisdiction of Congress, and may be remedied
by its legislative power; and whereas itis the desire of Con-
gress, as far as its power will extend, to remove all just
cause tortile popular discontent and agitation which now
disturb the peace of the country and threaten the stability
ot its institutions : Therefore,
1. Resolved by the Senateand House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the laws now m force for the recovery of fugitive s-lnvp*
are in strict pursuance of the plain and mandatory piovis-
10ns of the Constitution, and have been sanctioned as valid
and constitutional by the judgment of the Supreme Court
of the United States ; that the siaveholding States are en-
titled to the faithful observance and execution of those laws,
and thai they ought not to be repealed, or so modified or
changed as to impair their efficiency; and that laws ought
to be made for the punishment of those who attempt, by
rescue of the slave, or other illegal means, to hinder or de-
feat the due execution of said laws.
2. That all State laws which conflict with the fugitive
slave acts, or any other constitutional acts of Congress, or
whicn, m their opeiation, impede, hinder, or delay the free
course and due execution of any of said acts, are null and
void by the plain provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Yet those State laws, void as they are, have
given color to practices, and led to consequences which
have obstructed the due administration and execution of
acts of Congress, and especially the acts for the delivery of
fugitive slaves, and have thereby contributed much to the
discord and commotion now prevailing. Congress, there-
fore, in the present perilous juncture, does not deem it im-
piopei, respectfully and earnestly, to recommend the repeal
of those laws to the seveial States which have enacted
them, or such legislative corrections or explanations of
them as may prevent their being used or perverted to such
mischievous purposes.
3. That the act of the 18th of September, 1850, commonly
called the fugitive slave law, ought to be so amended as to
make the lee'of the commissioner, mentioned in the eighth
section of the act, equal in amount, m the cases decided by
linn, whether hi? decision be in favor of or against the
claimant. And to avoid misconstruction, the last clause
of the fifth section of said act, which authorizes the person
holding a warrant for the arrest or detention of a fugitive
slave to summon to his aid the posse comitatus, and which
declares it to be the duty of all good citizens to assist hnn
in its execution, ought to be so amended as to expressly
Jnmt the authority and duty to cases in which there shall
be resistance, or danger of resistance or rescue.
4. That the laws for the suppression of the Afiiean slave
trade, and especially those prohibiting the impoitation of
slaves into the United States, ought to be made effectual,
and ought to be thoroughly executed, arid all further enact-
ments necessary to those ends ought to be promptly made.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon those resolutions I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is known, I suppose, to
most members of the House, informally and un-
officially, that what is known as the peace con-
ference, to which the country has been looking;
for several days, has concluded its labors and dis-
solved. [Cries of "Order!"] I desire to make a
proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM, and others, objected.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have a right to make a
proposition.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order, and insist upon the enforce
ment of the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD (amid loud cries of" Order!")
moved to postpone the vote upon the pending
propositions until to-morrow after the morning
hour.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, William C. Anderson, Avery,
Barr, Banet, Bocock, Boteler, Bouhgny, Brabson, Branch,
Briggs. Bristow, Brown, Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark,
JohnB. Clark, John Cochrane, Cot, James Craig, Bui ton
Craige, John G. Davis, DeJarnette,IHmmicJc, Lklinundson,
English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gilmer, Hamilton, J.
Morrison Harris, John T. Hams, Hatton, Holman. Wil-
liam Howard, Hughes, Jenkins, Kunkel, Larrabee, James
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D.
Martin, Elbert S. Martin,Maynard, McClernand, McKenty,
Millson, Montgomeiy, Lahan T. Moore, Isaac N. Morris,
Nelson, NibJack, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Quarles,
liigg^, James C. Robinson, Itust, Sickles, Simms, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes, Stout, Thomas. Vallandigham, Vance, Web-
ster, Whitulcj, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs Charles F. Adams, Aldnch. Alley, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayton, Buffm-
ton, Builmgaine, Burnharn, Butteifteld, Campbell, Carey,
Carter, Case, Coburn, Claik B. Oochianc, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Conway, Coiwni, Covode, II. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwaid^, Eliot, Ely, Eth-
eiidge, Farnsworth, Foiuon, Ferry, Foster, Fiank, French,
Gooeh, Gtaham, Grow, Hale, Uall, llelmick, Hickman,
Ilindman, Hoaid, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutch-
ins, Iivin'e, Junkin, Fianeis W. Kellogg, William Kel-
logg, Kcnyon, ICtlgore, Killmger, DeWitt 0. Leach, Lee,
Longnccker, Loom is, Lovejoy, Marston, McICcan, Mc-
Knight, MePherson, Moorhead,Mon ill, Morse, Nixon, Olin,
Palmer, Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin K.
Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Itobm«on, Royee, Scranton,
Sedgwick, Shennan, Somes, Spauiding,Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewait. Stratum, Tappan, Thayer,
Thoaker,Tompkins,Tram,Trimble,Vandevor,Van Wyek,
Veuee, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
buiri. Elhhu B. Wa->hbume, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and \Voodtull—113.
So the resolutions were not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CURTIS stated thathehad paired off with
Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, who was absent in
consequence of illness in his family.
Mr. ETHERLDGE (when his name was called)
said: I understand this proposition to apply to fu-
ture acquisitions of territory; and I therefore
vote " no."
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, (when his name was
called,) said: This proposition does not exactly
meet my views of policy; but I consider it the
best thing before the country for the settlement
of our present difficulties and the preservation of
the Union; and I therefore vote " ay."
Mr. JENKINS (when his name was called)
said: This proposition does not command my as-
sent, as a permanent settlement of the question;
but in obedience to what I believe to be the will
of my people, I vote " ay."
Mr. McCLERNAND (when his name was
called) said: I vote for this proposition as a mat-
ter of concession,andnot because I approveofall
its provisions.
Mr. STOKES (when his name was called)
said: I am in favor of all compromise measures.
I shall vote for this proposition; but I shall enter
my protest against the provision in regard to ter-
ritory hereafter to be acquired.
Mr. ADRAIN. Loving my country with my
vijhole heart, and desiring its peace and the pres-
ervation of the Union, I will yield whatever ob-
jections I have to this Crittenden proposition,and
vote "ay,"in order that the people may have an
opportunity of passing judgment upon it.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. As this is
a substitute for Mr. Cohwin's proposition, and a
much better one, and especially as it relates to
territory hereafter to be acquired, I vote "ay."
Mr. GARNETT. For the same reasons, al-
though not approving of the proposition itself as
anything like sufficient, i vote "ay."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Understanding that
this and kindred propositions are to be submitted
to the people, and that they can adopt or reject
them, I vote " ay." I am willing to trust them
with the question; and shall reserve the right my-
self, as an individual, to actupon them hereafter
as my judgment may approve, if they should be
adopteel by the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am against the
resolutions, but I will vote for them now.
Mr. GURLEY (who was not within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr, GURLEY stated that if he had been enti-
tled to vote-, he should have voted in the negative.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re*
consider the vote by which the substitute was
rejected; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House, that the bills from the Senate organ-
izing the Territories of Nevada and Dakota may
be printed.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. GRO W. Then you will have to vote upon
them without their being printed.
The question recurred upon ordering the first
series of resolutions reported from the committee
of thirty-three to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
The resolutions are as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That all
attempts on the parts of the Legislatures of any of the States
to obstruct or hinder the recovery and surrender of fugitives
from service or labor, are in derogation of the Constitution
of the United States, inconsistent with the comity and good
neighborhood that should prevail among the several States,
and dangerous to the peace of the Union.
Resolved, That the several States be respectfully re-
quested to cause their statutes to be revised, with a view
to ascertain if any of them are in conflict with or tend to
embarrass or hinder the execution of the laws of the United
States, made in pursuance of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution of the United States for
the delivery up of persons held to labor by the laws of any
State and escaping therefrom; and the Senate and House
of Representatives earnestly request that all enactments
having such tendency be forthwith repealed, as required
by a just sense of constitutional obligations, and by a due
regaid for the peace of the Republic ; and the President of
the United States 13 requested tocommunicatethese reso-
lutions to the Governors of the seveial States, with a re-
quest that they will lay the same before the Legislatures
thereof respectively.
Resolved, That we recognize slavery as now existing In
fifteen of the United States by the usages and laws of those
States; and we recognize no authority, legally or other-
wise, outiide of a State where it so exists, to interfere
with slaves or slavery in such States, m disregard of the
rights of their owners or the peace of society.
Resolved, That we recognize the justice and propriety of
a faithful execution of the Constitution, and laws made in
pursuance thereof, on the subject of fugitive slaves, or fu-
gitives from service or labor, and discountenance all moha
or hindrances to the execution of such laws, and lluy, citi-
zens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States.
Resolved, That we recognize no such conflicting elements •
in its composition, or sufficient cause from any source, for
a dissolution of this Government j that we were not sent
here to destroy, but to sustainand harmonize the institu-
tions of the country, and to see that equal justice is done
to all parts of the same; and finally, to perpetuate its ex-
istence on terms of equality and justice to all the States.
Resolved, That a faithful observance, on the part of all
the States, of all their constitutional obligations to each '
other and to the Federal Government, is essential to the
peace of the country.
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal Government
to enfoice the Federal laws, protect the Federal property,
and preserve the Union of these States.
Resolved, That each State be requested to revise its stat-
utes, and, if necessary, so to amend the same as to secure,
without legislation by Congress, to citizens of other States
tiavelmg tiieiem, the same protection as citizens of such
State enjoy ; and also to protect the citizens of other States
traveling or sojourning therein against popular violence or
illegal summary punishment, without trial in due form of
law, for imputed crimes.
Resolved, That each State be also respectfully requested
to enact such laws as will prevent arid punish any attempt
whatever in such State to recognize or  et on toot the law-
less invasion of any other State or Territory.
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit
copies of the foregoing resolutions to the Governors of the
several States, with a request that they be communicated
to their respective Legislatures.
Mr. BURNETT. Are we entitled to a division
of these resolutions?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) The Chair understands not.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to submit a motion
that is in order. The resolution? are very long,
and we shall have to take a great many votes. I
move to lay them upon the table. 1 speak only
of the first series of resolutions.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the whole subject on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The whole sub-
ject is not now before the House.
MESSAGE FROM TI1E SBNATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
