1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
on these propositions to turn to the estimates at
pages 90 and 91, where they will find estimates for
surveys on the coast of New England and on the
coasts of New York and New Jersey, the oldest
settled portion of the Atlantic coast—large sums;
the same as last year and as the year before.
They go back more than forty years. Now, why
is it? Can any of the gentlemen who live on the
coast, and who tell us of the importance of this
work,whoare presumed to understand something
of its details, and to be versed in the question of
science complicated with it; can any of them tell
us why it is that the surveys of this old portion
of the Atlantic coast are not completed; why it is
that we must continue expenditure upon them at
this late day P
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps they find it very con*
venient to spend the hot summer months on the
New England coast.
Mr. MAYNARD. I know that Newport is a
very pleasant place to spend the summer in.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a point of order. This
amendment refers to the coast of Oregon and
Washington, and the remarks of the gentleman
from Tennessee apply to no part of that coast.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not manifest his usual astuteness,
or he would have perceived the point of my argu-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The section is couched in
such language that it is impossible for the Chair
to determine upon'what coast this appropriation
is proposed to be expended. He therefore cannot
say whether the gentleman from Tennessee is in
order or not.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does himself great injustice—or rather
he does me injustice—in not having attended to
my argument. If he had, he would have seen
that the point of my argument is that we shall
not launch out upon a system of survey on the
coast of Washington and Oregon which will pro-
gress at the rate of your recent coast survey for
forty years, and then be no nearer to termina-
tion than that survey is now. 1 want to have
the survey done, and not have it always being
done—to have it executed, and not always con-
tinued.
The question was taken on Mr. Eliot 's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" For continuing the surveyor the Florida reefs and keys,
(including compensation or civilians engaged in the work,
and excluding pay and emoluments ot officers of the Army
and Navy, and petty officers and men of the Navy em-
ployed on the work,) $20,000."
Mr. ELIOT. I move to increase that appro-
priation to $40,000.
I have only to say, Mr. Chairman, in regard
to this amendment, what has been said in regard
to the other amendments. The sum of §40,000
is called for by the officers in whom we ought to
have confidence; the officers who have this work
in charge, and who have made their detailed state-
ments to the Treasury Department, upon which
that Department has made its recommendation to
us. They say that, for'the purpose stated here,
$40,000 is requisite. Unless there is some reason
why that amount should be reduced, it seems\to
me that it ought to be voted. I have noting
further to say.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen, $000,000: Prowled, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to rent either of
the* several marine hospitals to the proper authorities of
the cities, towns, or counties, m which said hospitals aie
located, and contract with Mich authorities for tlip relief of
the sick and disabled seamen entitled to relief under the
act of 3d ot May, 180*3, and in cases ot mfectiousdiseases,
to make such regulations for their relief as he deems ex-
pedient."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the proviso in that section.
I want, Mr. Chairman, to direct the attention
of the committee to an important change of ex-
isting law which, as I consider, has been improp-
erly attempted to be made in this bill. The pro-
viso which I move to strike out changes a law
which has existed since 1802—a law for taking
care of sick and disabled seamen. Under that
law, sir, marine hospitals have been erected in
different parts of the United States.
First, let me say one word for the benefit of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
in reference to this provision as being in order
and germane to this bill. We all understand per-
fectly well that under the rules of the House no
general legislation can be moved as an amendment
to one of the general appropriation bills. Yet,
sir, here is one of the most important changes ot
existing law—a provision looking to geneial le-
gislation—embodied by the Committee of Ways
and Means in this, a general appropriation bill.
I would make a point of order on it, and insist
on the point being ruled by theChair,if I thought
it would do any good. The House having sent
this matter to the committee, I presume we are
bound to act upon it.
Let me call the attention of the committee to
the language of this proviso, which, as I have
already stated, repeals a law enacted in 1802 for
taking care of sick and disabled seamen. It is
well known that each seaman has deducted outof
his wages twenty cents each month in the year,
which makes a fund out of which marine hos-
pitals have been erected and kept up. Those
hospitals are located in various parts of the coun-
try, where seamen are taken care of when they
are sick or disabled. They are taken care of in
that way out of the fund which they themselves
have contributed. The Committee of Ways and
Means, by this proviso, undertakes to discontinue
all those marine hospitals, and to leave sick and
disabled seamen to be taken care of by the coun-
ty, city, town, or village, where they may happen
to be for the time. I protest against it. We had
a like proviso offered in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress. The Committee of Ways and Means, in
that Congress, introduced substantially the same
provision as this, without having had any con-
sultation with the Committee on Commerce, which
legitimately has the subject under consideration;
but it was rejected by a vote of more than two
to one. The House then said that, as these sea-
men paid this money into the Treasury, they
should be taken care of by the Government, and
not be put out as paupers upon the mercy of any
city, town, or village, which had no interest in
their welfare whatever.
But the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Sueuman]
may say that this fund is notsufficient to maintain
these seamen. Grantit. Grant, sir, that we have
to make an additional appropriation of $200,000,
$300,000, oi$£ven $500,000: whatis that ? Is it not
through the commerce of the country, is it not
throughtheseamen,thatyourrevenues are raised?
Yet it is hcreproposedjinreferencc to these hardy,
these useful and brave men, whose march is on the
mountain wave, whose home is on the deep, to
turn them o\er to the sympathies of the cities,
the towns, and the villages of the country ! I say
that the piesent system is a just one. Outof the
moneys contributed by these seamen, marine hos-
pitals have been erected, where sick and disabled
seamen can be taken care of by the Government.
There are proper buildings, where are kept by the
United States physicians, stewards, and matrons,
to provide for the sick and disabled seaman. If
this proviso be adopted, these marine hospitals
are abandoned, and you will then leave these sick
and disabled seamen to the tender mercies of the
cities and towns, wherever they may be cast
ashore. I protest against the change, and I hope
the committee will strike out the proviso.
Mr. NIXON. I will say a word or two in re-
ply to my honorable friend from Illinois. I come,
Mr. Chairman, from a commercial district, and
one deeply interested in those who are engaged
in a seafaring life. My people, indeed, are us
much interested in this proviso as any other peo-
ple in the country; and, as I understand it, they
are satisfied with it. A large number of my con-
stituents are engaged in a seafaring life, and they
are of the opinion that the present system works
badly. These hospitals are generally out of the
way of the very men for whose benefit they have
been erected. The proviso enables these men to
receive support, when sick or disabled, in the
neighborhood where they belong. I have received
a large number of petitions fiom my district in
favor of the change proposed by the proviso in-
serted in this bill by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I hope it will not be stricken out.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by provid-
ing that the sum for each patient shall not exceed
twenty dollars. It is a pro forma amendment.
Mr. C hair man, I wish to submit some remark#
in justification of the course or the Comsmittec of
Ways and Means in inserting the proviso that itis^
proposed to strike out. I am not sorry that this
provision has called forth the eloquence of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,
opposes it*, but, sir, with all his encomiums upon
the gallant seamen of the country, I think his
eloquence was, to a certain extent, inspired by a
recollection of the existence of a marine hospital
m his own town of Galena, and that, if it be aban-
doned, its patronage of a physician, a steward,
and a matron, will have to follow, of course. In
that case, sir, the authorities of the~town will be
allowed to take better care of the steamboat men
of the Mississippi river than they have heretofore
received. •
Mr. SHERMAN. I \yill ask my friend from
Missouri if he knows how much it costs to keep
a patient one week at the hospital at Galena?
Mr. PHELPS. I do not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend yield to me a moment? I will state that
the Government very properly erected a marine
hospital at Galena for the purpose of taking care
of sick and disabled seamen, and there is a large
number of that class there; but the hospital never
has been put in operation by the Government.
There has been a large sum of money collected
from seamen and paid to the Government. But
the seamen, instead of being taken care of, as
they ought to be, in the hospital building of the
United States, are to be taken care of by the
lowest bidder, and the sick seaman is cast off into
low doggeries.
Mr. PHELPS. There are but a few of these
marine hospitals established in the country, and
of course, where there are no marine hospitals,'
the seamen are taken care of precisely in the
manner in which it is now proposed, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, that they shall be taken
care of where there are marine hospitals. There
is a marine Jiospita! in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, and where there are
many patients; but 1 do believe that the patients
now in that hospital can be taken care of equally
as well, if that marine hospital were under the con-
trol of the authorities of the city of St. Louis, in
which they could also place such patients as that
city might have,withoutinterferingwith the rights
of the Government. This is a measure of econo-
my—a measure which, if adopted, will reduce the
expenses $100,000. There are marine hospitals
in the country in which, according to the report
submitted to Congress a year ago, the expense of
keeping patients was more than twenty dollars per
week, wiule at the places where the seamen were
taken care of as proposed in this bill, they were
taken care of equally, at an expense ranging from
three to five dollarsper week. It is now proposed
to dispense with (government patronage in this
matter; it is proposed to dispense with the super-
intendents of marine hospitals; it is proposed to
dispense with officers employed at annual salaries
ranging from $1,200 to S2,000 per annum; it is
proposed to dispense with the services of other
employes, amounting to ten or a dozen persons
at some of the marine hospitals, and still you will
have the seamen better provided for and taken
care of than under the existing law. I vote for
the measure, then, as a matter of economy, and as
a measure of humanity to the seamen who have
contributed to makeup the sum from which they
aie supported.
As my amendment was merely pro forma, if
there is no objection, I will withdraw it.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LOOMIS. I propose to amend by strik-
ing out all after the word "provided, in line
thirty-eight, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That the Secretaiy of the Treasuryis hereby authorized
to change the present system of providing reiief for sick
and disabled t-eamen, by dismissing from service the em-
ployes of the Government, and leasing the marine hospitals,
at buoh places as in hi^ judgment the public interest may
n-tjuire a change, to private individuals, city, town, or
enunty authorities, m puvato association^, on terms pro-
viding for the necessary attention to seamen entitled to
leliel.
I offer this as a substitute for the proviso, bo-
cause I deem it an important change which ought
