302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to be raade. In the proviso contained in the bill,
there is no authority given to the Secretary of the
Treasury to employ private individuals or private
associations; and it is obvious that it may be ne-
cessary, in many cases, or at least very desirable,
to do so. Indeed, at the present time, where there
•> are no organized hospitals, the Secretary of the
Treasury now authorizes the employment of pri-
vate individuals and private associations.
I have' also modified the proviso in another
particular, so that it may rest in the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury to lease the marine
hospitals at places where, in his judgment, the
public interest may require such a change. There
are many places where I think the regular organ-
ized marine hospitals should be leased. In such
cases the Secretary may be advised of the fact.
I think the general purpose of this proviso is one
of great importance, and that its adoption will
save immense sums to the Government. I hold
in my hand a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury in reference to the expenses and con-
dition of these hospitals, from 1854 down to the
present time, in which he recommends this change;
and he bases his recommendation upon facts
which I think incontrovertible; because it is
proved by the tables prepared by the Secretary
that, in all cases where private individuals, or pri-
vate associations or town authorities, have taken
care of disabled seamen, they have been at least
as well taken care of as in the organized hospitals.
"We have invested in marine hospitals $3,000,000,
or nearly that amount; and yet, in spite of that fact,
we find by actual experiment that we can sup-
port sick and disabled seamen much cheaper
through the agency of private individuals, private
associations, or town and county organizations.
It appears from a table prepared in 1855 that the
cost of maintaining patients by contract was as
follows:
Bridgeton, Now Jersey $1 50
Portsmouth, New Hampshire    2 00
Middletown, Connecticut  2 00
Machias, Maine      2 50
Waldoboro, Maine  2 50
Kennebunk, Maine  2 50
Belfast, Maine  2 50
Suekctt'es Harbor, New York  2 50
Presque Isle, Pennsylvania  2 50
And at other places it ranged from three to five
dollars per week, none being over five dollars.
A t the organized hospitals, the average cost during
the same year of each patient, per week, was as
follows:
Cleveland, Ohio $4 84
Norfolk, Virginia  5 0D
Chicago, Illinois  5 22
Chelsea, Massachusetts  6 11
New Orleans, Louisiana....,  G 31
San Francisco, California    6 62
Louisville, Kentucky    7 21
Mobile, Alabama.   8 19
Key West, Florida    8 47
I'ltUburg. Pennsylvania 10 71
Paducah, Kentucky 16 10
Oeiacoke, Noitli Carolina..., IB 20
ttapoleon, Arkansas  25 41
Natchez, Mississippi 70 70
And here let me call the attention of the House
to Executive Document No. 27, and Report No.
655, of the first session of this Congress, the latter
of which I had the honor to make at the last ses-
sion, under instructions from the Committee on
the Expenditures in the Treasury Department.
We find from that document that at Paducah—
which is only an illustration—ahospitalhas been
erected at a cost of between fifty and sixty thou-
sand dollars; and yet, since the year 1854, there
has not been a single sick and disabled patient ad-
mitted there; and yet ik has been provided during
all that time with a physician and laoorers, to whom
we have paid large salaries. So that our present
organized hospitals, instead of being asylums for
sick and disabled seamen, are, in most cases,
asylums for the relief of disabled physicians.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I approve
of the remarks of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, but I do not approve of his amendment. The
only difference between his proposition and that
of the Committee of Ways and Means is: he pro-
poses to let out this charity at private enterprise,
while the committee propose to intrust it to cities,
counties, or municipal corporations. I do not,
myself, believe that it would do to let out this
charity to private persons, who would be inter-
ested in depriving sick and disabled seamen of
relief.
Mr. LOOMIS. I did notproposeto substitute,
by my amendment, private individuals and asso-
ciations for cities, towns, and counties; but only
to add them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the prop-
osition; because I think that all the cities or mu-
nicipal corporations within which marine hos-
pitals exist might be safely intrusted with the
administration of this charity. But I do not think
the matter ought to be intrusted to private indi-
viduals, because they would have a direct interest
in depriving sick and disabled seamen of the re-
lief to which they are entitled. I hope, therefore,
that the proviso reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means will be adopted. It was care-
fully considered, and is carefully worded.
Mr. Loomis's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, to strike out the whole
proviso.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move to amend the matter
proposed to be stricken out, by substituting for
the words "underthe actof 3d May, 1802," the
words "underacts of the United States now in
force." I offer that amendment, because 1 be-
lieve that there are laws applicable to the matter,
other than that of 3d May, 1802.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is under the law of 1802
that all that appropriations have been passed.
Mr. LOOMIS. According to my recollection,
there is a law of 1798 relating to this matter; and
also, an act amendatory of that, passed in 1846.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to oppose the
amendment; and I desire also to oppose the pro-
viso reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, for the reason that it confers upon the
Secretary of the Treasury powers which he will
not have the time or the leisure properly to dis-
charge. If the Committee of Ways and Means,
or any other committee, were to propose the ap-
pointment of a commission to inquire into the
abuses that have grown up in these marine hos-
pitals, and report un act for the correction of these
abuses, I would vote for that proposition. I be-
lieve there are abuses in connection with these
marine hospitals. 1 believe there are men em-
ployed as surgeons about those hospitals who are
not fitted for the position. I know that, in my
own district, there is a marine hospital; and yet
a number of seamen are forced to go to hotels,
and to employ private medical advice, because
they cannot obtain it at the hospital. But it is
only the correction of abuses that is required.
The Government has expended millions of dol-
lars in the erection of these buildings; and to turn
them over now to coun ty commissioners would be,
it strikes me, a great waste of the public money.
Even if you could get those officers to undertake
the duties—which I am satisfied they would not
do—I do not believe you could get the county com-
missioners to take charge of those hospitals; nor
would it be advisable for them so to do. How is
the Secretary of the Treasury to decide as to what
hospitals ought or ought not to be turned over to
the county commissioners? Let the gentleman
proceed in the right way. Let him propose a
commission to inquire into abuses and reform
them, and I shall bo ready to vote with him.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Washecrne, of Illinois, to strike out the whole
proviso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the clause proposed to be stricken out by
inserting, in lieu of the word " rent," the words
" surrender to."
Mr. Chairman, I have listened to the remarks
of the gentleman from Connecticut in relation to
the amendment which he proposed. The question
we have to deal with here is, whether this Con-
gress is prepared to surrender up all the marine
hospitals, which have cost millions on millions of
dollars, to town, city, and county authorities.
There is no limitation on the power conferred by
this clause upon the Secretary of the Treasury.
He may rent the hospital at New Orleans, at
Charleston, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York,
or Boston. There is no limitation upon him as
to the amount of rent. As to what the gentle-
man has read in relation to the expense of main-
taining patients in these hospitals, it has nothing
whatever to do with the question. We have built
these hospitals for the purpose of taking care of our
sick and disabled seamen, who have contributed,
to a large extent, from their earnings. The gen-
tleman from Connecticut has referred to the cost
of taking care of them. I say that the price is
not exorbitant. In a few instances it may be;
but, on the average, I am astonished at the small
charge against the Government for the care of
these men.
What do the Committee of Ways and Means
propose? Why, they propose that you should
let out these men as paupers to the lowest bidder.
The gentleman from Connecticut tells you that
they can be taken care of for three dollars a week.
I know how this thing is. In my own town,
where there are a great many sick and disabled
seamen, I talked with the physician who had been
employed to take care of them, and he informed
me of the wretched hovels in which they are
placed.
Mr. BURNETT, (Mr. Branch having taken
the chair pro tempore.) The policy proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means under the
proviso in this bill, is to rent out the marine hos-
pitals to the several corporations, town councils,
&c., and to place the seamen of this country on
the charity ofthose corporations. Gentlemen make
objection to the present system as now managed
in these marine hospitals, complaining that the
cost of maintaining the sick and disabled seamen
in them is so large. Granted that that is an objec-
tion. Granted that the fact, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Loomis,] is true.
Is that a reason why this Congress should change
the whole system of the Government in regard to
its sick and disabled seamen, and should commit
them to the charity of towns and villages and cor-
porations, which will not treat them as well as
they are treated now, and from which they wilt
suffer the very same inconveniences of which
gentlemen now complain in regard to mcdical
treatment, and in other particulars?
One gentleman remarks that these marine hos-
pitals are asylums for broken down physicians.
I do not know how true that is. I know that the
physician appointed to the hospital in my district
is, for medical knowledge and professional skill,
not surpassed by any man of his profession in
the country. That honorable gentleman says that,
in some of these marine hospitals, it costs the
Government sixteen dollars per week for each
of the patients. Granted that that is an abuse,
arid ought to be corrected: but is that any reason
why Congress should surrender all the marine
hospitals of the country, winch were erected from
motives of humanity, to take care of those broken
down, sick, diseased, and disabled seamen, who
have been laboring for the good of the entire coun-
try? because it is from commerce that we derive
our greatest prosperity. If this proviso of the
Committee of Ways and Means be adopted as a
system of legislation, it will changc the whole pol-
icy of our former system. I am opposed to that.
But I agree with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. McKnight,] that if there beabusesin
the system, we should correct them by legisla-
tion. Get vid of these abuses, but do not sur-
render this large amount of property to cities and
towns and counties. Do not place your sick and
disfthled seamen at the mercy of the local author-
ities!^ *
I bjfieve that it would be wrong to do so. I
believe that the whole object for which these ma-
rine hospitals were erected would be defeated by
the adoption of such a line of policy. Hence I
am opposed to it. 1 will go with the Committee
of Ways and Means in any measure which they
may suggestforthe purpose of correcting abuses.
If it costs too much to keep sick and disabled sea-
men in the marine hospitals, let us throw around
them restrictions by which to keep the expend-
iture within reasonable limits; but I will never
consent to transfer that class of our countrymen
to the charity of corporations of any kind.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
amendment to his amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out,after the word " rent," the words " or sell."
I believe it will be conceded by all gentlemen in
this House that there are abuses in the manage-
ment of our marine hospitals. Now, what does
this proviso propose to do ? It is very carefully
