1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
drawn. It merely authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to rent them, or take such course as
he may see fit to take. It does not say that he
shall rent the whole of them; but that ho shall rent
either of the several marine hospitals.
Again: it is not proposed to send these sick
and disabled seamen as paupers. It is not pro-
posed to commit them to the irresponsible care of
individuals. But it is proposed to make contracts
with the authorities of cities, towns, or counties
to take care of them. Why, sir, the only way
in which we can defend this system of having*
marine hospitals at all, is to have the abuses cor-
rected; and I hope that this committee will not
show itself indifferent to the correction of abuses
so notorious as those in the system of marine hos-
pitals.
Mr. MALLORY. If,there be abuses in the
management of the marine hospitals of the Uni-
ted States, how do I understand gentlemen to pro-
pose to correct them ? By transferring these hos-
pitals to the authorities of the State, county, or
city in which they are respectively situated. We
have no evidence, that I know of, showing that
these abuses in the management do actually exist.
I have heard charges to that effect; but we have
no proof before the House on which to support
such charges. I know that there is a marine hos-
pital in a town in my district, m the State of Ken-
tucky, ar.d I have never heard of any abuses
having crept into the management of that institu-
tion. I have heard of no complaint of the kind.
I believe that sick and disabled sailors receive
there every attention that their cases require. I
have never heard the least complaint against its
management.
But, if there be abuses in the management of
the various marine hospitals of the United States,
how are you to correct these abuses? By trans-
ferring the management of these institutions to
the town, city, or county in which they happen
to be located ? If you have abuses in your forts
and dock-yards and arsenals, would you there-
fore support a proviso to an appropriation bill,
transferring those institutions to the States or
towns or counties in which they happen to be lo-
cated, in order that these abuses may be corrected?
Have wecome to thatpointthatacknowledgment
is made in Congress that where abuses creep into
the management of things over which the Gov-
ernment has control, such abuses cannot be cor-
rected or remedied; and that the only cure for
them is to transfer the thing itself to some other
power than that which has charge of them ? That
is an acknowledgment which I am not willing to
make. For that reason I oppose this proviso. I
hope it will not be adopted by this committee. I
hope that the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] that this proviso be
stricken out, will prevail, and that the manage-
ment of these marine hospitals will be left to the
same authority to which it has been confided here-
tofore. If there are con uptions or abuses or mis-
management in them, appoint your commission,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mc-
Knigiit] proposes, and inquire into them, and
then devise some remedy to correct them.
The question being on Mr. Morrill's amend-
ment, it was withdrawn.
Mr. NIXON. I move to amend the proviso
by striking out these words:
" To rent either o! the several marine hospitals to the
proper authorities of the cities, towns, or counties in which
said hospitals .ue located, and contract with such authori-
ties Cot the rehef of the sick and disabled seamen entitled
to relief under the act of 3d of May, 1H0; , and."
So that the proviso will then read:
" Provided, That till' Secretary of the Tieasury is hercliy
aiithonzed, in cases ot infectious diseases, to make such
regulations for their leliei as lie dccins expedient."
Mr. Chairman, I offer the amendment in good
faith, and 1 trust that it will meet with the Appro-
bation of the House. It will relieve us, for the
present, of the consideration of the propriety of
authorizing the Secretary of the. Treasury to rent
these hospitals, while at the same time it will
correct an evil which all now complain of as ex-
isting in the present system. These marine hos-
pitals, in a great many cases, do not now afford
proper security for taking care of sick and disa-
bled seamen. By adopting my amendment, dis-
cretion will be conferred upon the Secretary of
the Treasury in cases where seamen are sick at
places remote from any hospital.
It is known to a great many gentlemen in the
committee that these seamen contribute yearly a
considerable sum of money to maintain these hos-
pitals. Every seaman has levied upon him a
monthly tax of twenty cents, which is taken out
of his wages for that purpose. Under the pres-
ent system, if a seaman be disabled by sickness
or otherwise, at a point remote from any hospital,
there is no law for affording him any proper re-
lief. I propose, in my amendment, to conferupon
the Secretary of the Treasury discretion in all
such cases; so that such sick and disabled seaman
may be supported outside of these marine hos-
pitals. It is right that we should compensate those
individuals who take care of sick seamen when
thev are so situated that they cannot reach one
of our marine hospitals. If my amendment be
agreed to, I propose, m the next place, to strike
out the words "infectious diseases," and to sub-
stitute for them the word " sickness;" and then
the proviso will read:
That the Secretaiyofthe Treasury be, and he hereby is,
authorized, in cases of sickness, to make such regulation
for their relief as lie deems expedient.
I trust that the pending amendment will meet
with the sanction of the committee.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr.Chairman, I am opposed
to the retention of any part of the proviso; I am
opposed to the whole of it; and I will vote for the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
burne] to strike it out. The object of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would seem to be to
abolish the existing system,and to substitute for
it a discretionary power, to be conferred upon the
Secretary of the Treasury. I think that such a
changc is wrong. It will inaugurate a system of
contracts; and if the new system be badly man-
aged, a favoritism worse than any and all of the
evils which may be imagined to exist under the
present system. It will allow the Secretary of
the Treasury to provide one system for taking
care of the sick and disabled seamen in one local-
ity, and an entirely different system in another
locality. In that way the system now in force
under the law would be entirely destroyed. The
proviso substitutes a discretion, not only incon-
venient to the Department, but which, m my judg-
ment, is wrong in principle.
If there be anything in the present system tend-
ing to abuse, let it' be corrected; but do not let us
abolish the system, and substitute a discretionary
power which will destroy whatever rules may
have been adopted by the Government. I think
that such a course is 110 remedy for the present
abuses, whatever they may be. My judgment,
however, is that the alleged abuses are overstated.
The marine hospitals are as economically and as
well managed as any other department of the
Government. At least the hospital located in my
district, is one of the best managed under the
Government. I hope the proviso will be stricken
out.
The question was taken; and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GltfARLES. I move to amend, by insert-
ing the words4'or to sell " after the word " rent/'
Mr Chairman, I was on the committee which
examined into this question at the last session of
Congress. We found that there have been num-
berless abuses in the management of these marine
hospitals. Some have been located at points
where they ought not to be, and from which they
ought to be removed. Look, for instance, at the
one at Napoleon, Arkansas; who would think of
sending a sick man there who could be sent any-
where else—to a place, indeed, surrounded by
swamps which engender fever. Unless you ena-
ble the Secretary of the Treasury to rent or sell
these buildings, the sick must be eanied there.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
seems to think that this is a new thing. The gen-
tleman from the Louisville district [Mr. Mallory]
thought it was something similar to a transfer ot
forts and arsenals. Tennessee, with two rivers
with a navigation of ei^'ht hundred miles, has not
a marine hospital within its borders. The city of
Nashville takes care of sick and disabled seamen
coming there. Yet gentlemen seem to think it is
a great hardship when we say there are abuses m
the marine hospital system. 'The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Loomis] in his report at the last
session of Congress, specified some of these abuses.
They are palpable and susceptible of proof, and
yet gentlemen are found here resisting them. I
believe, on the contrary, that the Committee of
Ways and Means have taken a step in the right
direction. Let these abuses be corrected.- Let
the Secretary of the Treasury be invested with a
discretionary power. Let that be done, and we
will then cure the defects of the present system.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Washburne's
motion to strike out the proviso.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is an
important question-, and I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. mallory
and Spinner were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 66,
noes 63.
Mr. HARDEMAN moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. bfrnxtt reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
fenerally under consideration, and particularly
louse bill No. 895, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for th§
year ending June 30, 1862, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
ringgold's surveys.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for ieave to re-
port back from the Committee on Commerce,
estimates of the cost of preparing for publication
Ringgold's surveys, and to move that they be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
harper's ferry, forts, and arsenals.
Mr. LEAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the committee of five, to whom the spe-  
cial message of the President of the United States was
referred with certain instructions-, be iiistiucted also to
inquire whether any of' the arms of the United Slates at
Harper's Ferry have been lemoved, or ordered to be re-
moved, from that place to Pitubuig, or other points; and if
so, by whose order, and for what reason.
Mr. GROW. I will object to the resolution
unless it provides for a like inquiry with reference
to all the forts and arsenals.
Mr. LEAKE. I have no objection to that.
Let us hear why the arms have been removed to
Pittsburg, in the gentleman's own State. I want
to know why these things have been done, and
under whose authority.
Mr. GROW. I make 110 objection, if the reso-
lution includes all the arsenals.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
philadelphia on crittenden compromise.
Mr. MORPJS, of Pennsylvania. I ask leave
to present memorials of citizens of Philadelphia,
numerously signed by men of all parties, praying
for the passage of the Crittenden compromise;
and move that it be referred to the select commit-
tee of thirty-three.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
the president's special message.
Mr. BURNETT. There was no motion made
this morning for the printing of the President's
message. I now make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
crisis meeting in north carolina.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to sub-
mit the proceedings of a meeting held in Winston,
Forsyth county, North Carolina, to consider the _
existing condition of the country, and to move
that they be referred to the select committee of
thirty-three.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered,
militia of toe district of columbia.
Mr. STANTON. I ask unanimous consent for
leave to take from the Calendar a bill for the reor-
ganization of the militia of,this District.
Objection was made.
Mr. ERANCH moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes past four o'clock, p. ni.) 'J16 House
adjourned.
