1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Hickman, were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported ayes thirty-three, more than one
fifth of a quorum.
On motion of Mr. PEYTON, the amendment
was again read.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 121; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffiuton; Burlingame, Bum-
ham* Carey, Carter, Case, Cobmn, Conway, Covode,
Dawes, Duell,Edgerto , Edwards, Eliot, Ely,Farnsworth,
Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Grow, Gar-
ley, Haskin, ftickman, Hmdman, Hutchms, Irvine, De-
Witt C. Leach, Lee,Longnecker, Loomis,Lovejoy,Mars-
ton, Charles D. Martin, McKean, Moise, Perry, Totter,
Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, Koyce, Sedgwick, Somes,
Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Eilihu B. Washburne, Wells*, Wilson,
and Woodruff—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, William C. Anderson, Aveiy, Babbitt, Batr, Bairet,
Bocoek,Boteler, Bonhgny, Brabson, Branch. Briggs, llris-
tow, Brown, Burch, Burnett, Butterfield, Campbell, Horace
F; Clark, John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochiane, John Coch-
rane, Colfax, Conkling, Corw n,Cox, James Craig, Burton
Ciaige, H. Winter Davi«, John G. Davis, Dc Jarnette,
Delano,Dimmick,Dunn, Ednmndson, English, Ethendge,
Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gilmer, Hale, Hall, Hamilton,
J. Morrison Han is, John T. Harris, Hatton, Helmick,
Hoard, Holman, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Humphrey, Jenkins, Junkm, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgore, Killinger, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Letfce,
Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, Mc-
Cleniand, McKenty, McKmght, McPherson, Mi!l>on,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead. Edvvaid Joy
Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nib'ack, Nixon, Noell,
Olin, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryoi, Qiuules, John
H. Reynolds, Rice, Biggs, Christopher Itobm^on, James C.
Robinson, Rutfin, Bust, Scranton, Sickle?, Simms,William
N. 11. Smith, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratum, Thayer, Thomas, Train,
Trimble. Vallandighaui, Vance, Verree, Webster, White-
ley, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, and Wright—121.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. HINDMAN said: When I voted « no,"
at the regular call of my name, it was under the
impression that a direct vote was being taken.
Ascertaining now thai the pending motion is to
lay on the table, 1 change my vote to " ay." I
am not willing to commit myself to this proposi-
tion standing by itself. It seems to be merely an
assertion of aright not controverted. "When a
general and just plan of settlement is offered, giv-
ing the South all her rights, I will sustain it. But
1 shall under no circumstances vote for half-way
measures.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. KILGORE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his demand fur the pre-
vious question. [Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. CORWIN. i must decline to withdraw it.
Mr. KILGORE. I am extremely sorry that
the gentleman is so very careful and tender of this
bantling of his old age that he will allow nothing
else to be placed in the nursery with it.
Mr. STANTON. I call the gentleman to order.
Let us have a vote.
Mr. KILGORE. I hope, then, that the demand
for the previous question wiil not be seconded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Al-
drich, William C. Andeis-on. Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Bairet,
Bocock, Boteb-r, Biabson, Brigsr5-, Biistow, Brown. Bmc-h,
Burnett, Butteifield, Campbell, lloiace F. Claik, John B.
Clark, Coburn, Clark B. Cochiane, John Cochrane, (^olfav,
Coi win. Coy, Jameb Ciaig, II. Winter Davis, John (J. Davis,
Dawee. De Jarnette, Delano, Dimmick, Dunn. EdmumNon,
English. Ethendge. Florence, Fouke, Giiinet, Hale, Hall,
Hamilton, J. Morrhon Harris, John T. Harris Hatton,
Helmick, Hoard, Holman, William Howai d, William A.
Howard, Hu«rh*'s, Humphrey, Jenkins, Junkm, Fiance W.
K/'lloiisr, William lveliogir, Kenyon, Ivtlgoie, Kilhnger,
Kunkei, Jjariaben, James 31. Leach. Leake, Logan, Mai
loiy, Mar-ton, Charles D. Mattni. Elbeit S. M.utm, May-
nard, McClernand, MeKentv, McKmght, MePher&on, Mill- [
son, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore,' Moorhead, Morrill, J
Edward Joy Mollis, Jt>aac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, ;
Nivon, Noell, Dim. Palmer, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Prvor, j
tiuailc-^, John H. Reynolds, Rice. Rigs>, Christopher Ron- !
lrisow, James C..Robinson, Ruflin, ltust,Seranton, Sickles, i
Simms. William N. H. Smith, Spaulding, Stanton, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratum, Thayer,
Thomas, Trimble, Vance, Verree, Walton. Webster,
Wmtlom, Woodson, and Wiight—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashlev, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Buihngame, Durnham, Caiev,
Carter, Case, Conkling, Conway, Duel!, Edgeiton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Feiry, Foster, Fiank, Gooch,
Graham, Grow, Hickman, Hindman, Hutcluns, Irvine,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Looims, Lovejoy,
McKean, Perry, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Edwin II. Reynolds,
Royce, Sedgwick, Somes, Spinner, Stevens, William
Stcwait, Tappan, Tompkins, Tuun, Vandever, Van Wyck,
Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhii B.
Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Wimlovv, and Woodruff—61.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the vote Messrs. WHITELEY, GAR-
NETT, and ADRA1N, (not being within the bar
when their names were called,) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Messrs. Adrain and Garnett would have
voted in the affirmative, and Mr. Whiteley in the
negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question then recurred on the engrossment
and third reading of the resolution as amended.
Mr. WINSLOW. I demand theyeasand nays.
Mr. HATTON. The yeas and nays are not
necessary now. We will have to take them upon
the passage of the resolution in order to show the
two thirds required by the Constitution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read a third time.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was read by the
Clerk.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does that include polygamy,
the other "twin relic of barbarism?" [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman desire to
know whether he shall be prohibited from com-
mitting that crime. [Renewed laughter.]
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 123, nays 71: as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Chatlcs F. Adam*, Green Adam", Ad-
rain, William C. Anderson, Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Barret,
Bocock, Bonier, Bouhgny, Brabson, Branch, Bu«g*, Btfb-
tovv, Blown, Burch, Burnett, Campbell, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochiano, John Cochrane, Col-
fax, Corwtn, Cox. James Ciaig, Buitoti Ciaige, H. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Delano, Dimmick,
Dunn, Edmundson, English, Ethendge, Florence, Fouke,
Gameit, Gilmer, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris-,
John T. Harn-, Hatton, Helmick, Hoard, Holman,William
Howard, William A. Howatd, Hughes, I-Iumphiey, Jen-
kins, Junkm, William Kellogg, Kenjon, Kilhnger, Kun-
kei, Lairabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay,
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
McClcinand, McKenty, McKnight. McPherson, Millson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Mooihead, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Moirih, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nihlack, Nixon,
Noell. dim, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, (iuailes, John
H. Reynolds, Rice, Uiggs.,Christopher Robinson, JamesC.
Uobin>on. Rutfin, Ilu^t, Scranton, Sickles, Simms,William
N. H. Smith, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevenson, James A.
Stewait, Stokes, Stout, Stratum,Thayti,Tomkins.Trim-
ble, Vallandighain. Vance, Venee, Webster, Whiteley,
Windom, Window, Wood, Wood Mm, and Wnght—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Bra>ton, Butlhiton, Builmgauie, Burn-
ham, Buttmheld, Caiey, Carter, Ca-e, Cobuiu, Conklmjj,
Conway, Covode, I)awt:^, Ducll, Edgeiton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Farn>worih Fenton, Feny, Foster. Fiank,
Gooch, Gaiham, Giow, Guriey, Ilifkman, Ilutehms, Jr-
vme, Fiancts W. Kellogg, Kilgoie, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Lonnnt'eker, Loomi*, Lovejoy, Mur ton, McKean, Moi*e.
Peiry, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Edwin It. Reynolds, Royce,
Sedsiwick, Somes, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart,
Tappan, Tompkins, Tiain, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade,
Wahhon, Walton, Cadwalader C. YVashbmn, Eilihu B.
Wa&hbuine, Wells, Wilson, and WoodrutF—71.
So the resolution was not passed, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
During the vote—
Mr. CtTRTIS stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Anderson*, of Missouu, who had been called
home by illness in his family.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Let the
rule be read which prohibits members from col-
lecting around the Clerk's desk during the vote.
The SPEAKER. Members wiil take their
seats. Jt is not in order for members to approach
the Clerk's desk during the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand that the gen-
tleman from Arkansas has voted, and I therefore
vote " ay."
Mr. LOVEJOY Did the Chair ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he was within the bar
when his name was called?
Mr. HICKMAN. The rules demand that that
question shall be put to every member asking to
vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Ohio has leave to absent him-
self from the House to attend to the public busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. The members know how
closely I am engaged with the appropriation bills
at this stage of the session. I hope that objection
to my voting will be withdrawn.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Even if an objection could
avail, it comes too late.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I objected at the moment the
gentleman from Ohio offered to vote. [Cries of
u Order!"] I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
I have suffered long from this sort of thing; and
I am now determined to have my rights.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move that the appeal belaid
upomthe table.
Mr. SHERMAN. If gentlemen object, 1 will
withdraw my vote, and request the gentleman
from Arkansas to withdraw his.
Mr. HINDMAN. I withdraw my vote if 
Mr. BINGHAM. Has the gentleman from
Arkansas withdrawn his vote?
Mr. HINDMAN. I do not consent to the
arrangement of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Have those gentlemen the
risrht to withdraw their votes?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks they have.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 ask if they can do so if
objection is made?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks they can.
Mr. SCOTT asked leave to vute, being absent
when his name was called, on account of sickness.
Mr. ASHLEY objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman from Arkansas if he withdrew his
vote?
Mr. HINDMAN. Of course, if the gentleman
from Ohio is not considered as voting, 1 withdraw
my vote. If he has been permitted to vote, I
prefer thntmine shall remain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that the
gentleman from Ohio had the privilege of voting
on account of his business upon the committee.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is made the imperative
duty of the Speaker, by the rules, to propound
the question to every man who votes after the
roll is called, whether he was within the bar when
his name was called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair acknowledges
that.
Mr. HICKMAN. And the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means have no rights
which other gentlemen have not.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
has no right to lecture the Speaker of the "House.
Mr. HINDMAN. To terminate this contro-
versy, I withdraw my vote.
The SPEAKER. The difficulty arose from a
misapprehension of the Speaker. The Chair sup-
posed that the gentleman from Ohio was entitled
to vote on account of absence upon his committee.
Mr. HICKMAN. My objection was, that the
vote was persisted in in the lace of remonstrance.
Mr. COX. I hope the House will pass <i vote
of censure upon gentlemen upon that side.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker -
Mr. KILGORE. I move to reconsider 
Mr. BINGHAM. I have the floor. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has the floor.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was defeated; and I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a pointof
order. The gentleman from Indiana cannot make
two motions successively.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moved to teconsider, and then to adjouin.
