THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 10, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HALE presented the credentials of Hon.
Daniel Clark, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of New Hampshire, for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1861;- which were read, and ordered to
be filed.
MESSAGE EROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 915) for the relief
of Hockaday & Liggit, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
PRINTING 01? DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered this day the printing of the following
documents:
Letter from the Postmaster General, commu-
nicating the annual report of fines and deductions
from the pay of mail contractors—ordered at
twelye o'clock and eleven minutes.
' Preamble and resolutions of the Common Coun-
cil of the city of New York, in reference to the
differences between the South and the North—
.ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the memorial of
citizcns of the State of New York, dwelling in the
city of Now York, praying Congress to adopt
such just, wise, and beneficent measures as they
can for the composing of the present troubles in
the country, and the preservation of the Union.
I move that it lie on tJio table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 oiler the memorial of the
synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, now
in session in Alleghany city, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing that Congress will take measures for the
amendment of the Constitution, so that it may
contain, first, an express acknowledgment of the
being and authority of God; secondly, an acknowl-
edgment and submission to the authority of
Christ; thirdly, a l'ecognition of the paramount
obligation of God's law, and, fourthly, that it bo
rendered in all its principles and provisions clearly
and unmistakably a<lverso to the existence oi any
form of slavery within the national limits. This
is testified by their moderator and the clerk of the
Synods ,,
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire whether God s
law is the Bible as revealed ?
Mr. SUMNER. I ask tha reference of the
memorial to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. RICE. I wish to present the petition of
W. C. Jewr-tf, of Pike's Peak, praying that the
Pacific railroad question may for the present be
postponed, on the ground of the injustice of in-
creasing the national debt in this crisis, and show-
ing why governmental aid is not needed for the
road. As the question is now before the Senate,
and as the petition is very short, being only a lew
lines, I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the petition.
* Mr. EilOWN presented the petition of Rev.
Charles J. White, parish priest-of St. Matthew's
church, in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying that authority may be granted
to sell certain city lots now held by the ecclesiasti-
cal authorities of that church; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition of twelve
thousand citizens of Baltimore, of all political par-
k ties, praying the adoption by Congress without
delay, of the compromise proposed by Hon. J. J.
Chittenden in the Senate of the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Flo also presented the petition of Mrs. Serena
McLane, widow of the late Captain George Mc-
Lane, United States Army, who was killed in
battle by the Indians, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mi. BIGLER. lipresent the memoiial of sur-
vivors of the war of 1813, residents m the county
of Lehigh, in the State of Pennsylvania; and I
also present a similat memorial signed by citizens
of Philadelphia, setting forth tluiulip founders of
our Government intended its defense mainly to
rest on the militia, and not upon large standing
armies, which are at all times expensive to the
people, and. therefore respectfully and earnestly
ask, in order to encouragc the volunteers anil
militia to prompt and energetic action in future,
and us an act of justice to the survivors of the war
of 1812, that all who served in that war, or were
actually engaged in battle, and the surviving
widows of those who have died or may hereafter
die, be placed on the pension roll of the United
States, it now being upwards of forty-five years
since the termination of that war; while thcsoldiers
who served in the revolutionary war with Great
Britain were placed by Congress on the pension
roll in 1818—being only thirty-five years after
peace was declared. I ask that these memorials
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
They were so referred.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the passage of a joint
resolution providing for the call of a national con-
vention to be held at Independence Hall, Phila-
delphia, to take into consideration the present
disturbed condition of the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented six petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying the passage of the resolu-
tions introduced into the Senate by Mr. Critten-
den, on the 18th of December last; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
SECRETARY OE WAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions, reports from standing committees
arc in order.
Mr. SLIDELL. If there be no reports from
standing committees, I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the resolution I
offered yesterday, calling for certain information
from the President. *
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suggest that the hour
has arrived now, according to the order of the
Senate yesterday, for calling up the resolutions
that were yesterday under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that they coine up at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume that there will be
no debate of this resolution. It is simply one of
inquiry.  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to take up the resolution offered
by the Senator from Louisiana.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to mfoim Hie
Semite whether Jolm 1!. Floyd, whose appointment a* Seo-
retaiy of War was confirmed l>v the Senate cm the 6th of
Maicn, 1857, still continues to hold said office ; and it not,
when and how said office became vacant; and further to
iniorm the Senate liow and by whom the duties of said of-
fice are now discharged; and if an appointment of an act-
ing or provisional Secretary 01' War has been made, how,
when, and by what authority it was so made, and why the
fact of said appointment has not been communicated to the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the Sena-
tor has omitted the ordinary condition in afre-
quest made to the President for information; and
that is, that it be not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest. Perhaps it was omitted accidentally.
Mr. SLIDELL. 11 was not omitted accident-
ally. I do not conceive how it can be inconsist-
ent with the public service to inform the Senate
when a certain offlcer may have vacated his post,
and when and how another was appointed; but
if the Senator thinks the resolution obnoxious to
that objection, lie can offer the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not offer it. I merely
made the suggestion to the Senator.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up tho unfinished business of yesterday at
this hour.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not intend to make objec-
tion to the passage of this resolution; but I desire,
before the vote 'is taken, to read the law under
which, undoubtedly, this appointment has been
made  _
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lias just
announced that he has called up the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Chair intends to enforce
tho rule, of course I will not insist.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require unan-
| imous consent, or a motion to postpone,
i Mr. SLIDELL. I hope there will be no objec-
i tion to the consideration of this resolution now.
It will not occupy any time. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania quotes the law under which the
President derived authority for this appointment,
I shall be under the necessity 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will tho Senator
from Louisiana pause for a moment? Either
some motion must be made to postpone the spe-
cial order for this hour, or there must be unani-
mous .consent to lay it aside, or the Chair must
enforce it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unanimous
consent to consider this resolution ? The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. BIGLER. As far as I am concerned, I
will agree to the passage of the resolution, and
will not read the law.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would only inquire
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana what
object is to be attained by this; what good is to
result, and to whom ? If I could see any rele-
vancy that it has to our proceedings, or to any
object of public good, I would vote for it; but it
seems to me to be very unusual and extraordi-
nary, and I do not see the importance of it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will very cheerfully respond
to the inquiry of the Senator from Kentucky. I
conceive that there has been a gross violation of
the Constitution of the United States by the ap-
pointment of an acting Secretary of War, holding
his office for twelve or fourteen days, as I believo
to be the case, without that fact having been com-
municated to the Senate, and without that nomi-
nation having been submitted to their approbation,
The Constitution of the United States, among
other powers which it confers upon the President,
contains the following:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds
of the Senators concur; and lie shall nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
ambassadors, other public ministeis and consuls, judges
of tin- Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whose appointments aic not herein othenvise pro-
vided tor, and which shall be established by law ; but the
Congress may by law vest the appointinentof such infeiior
otliceis, as they may tlmik proper, m tho President alone,
m the com fs of law, or in the heads of Departments."
Not only has this appointment to the office of
Secretary of War not been left by implication to
the uncontrolled discretion of the President; but
the law creating it expiessly declares he shall be
appointed by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The section goes on to state:
" The President shall have power to fill up all vacancies
that may happen during the recess of the Senate, by grant-
ing commissions, which shall expire at the end of their
next session.5'
The only law, I presume, to which the Senator
from Pennsylvania referred—that of 1795—is in
these words- 
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I understand the honora-
ble Senator fromLouisianaisgoinginto ageneral
discussion of the question. I ask whether it is
in order to do so, on a motion to postpone?
Mr. SLIDELL. I will suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that I am only addressing the
Senate at the instance of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. ["Goon."] I had supposed that, as this
was a simple resolution of inquiry, it would be
passed without opposition from any quarter. I
think the information is essentially necessary, and
one which the Senate have a right to demand. The
act of 1795, upon winch, as I understand, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania relies for his authority,
is in the following words. Am I right in sup-
posing that is the law r
Mr. BIGLER. That of 1795.
Mr. SLIDELL. Here it is:
An Act to amend the act entitled « An act making altera-
tions in the Treasury and War Departments."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jtmetu.am Congress assembled, That
in ease of vacancy m the office of Secretaiy of State, Sec-
lCtaiv of ttie Treasury, or of the, Secretary of the Depart-
ment ot War, or of any officer of eithei ol the said Depait-
monts, who^'e appointment is not in the head thereol,
wheieby they cannot peitorm the duties of their said re-
spective offices, it shall be lawful for the 11C-- uient ol the
United States, in case he shall think it necessary, to_au-
thorize any person or persons, at Ills discretion, to peitorin
the duties of tile said respective offices until a successor be
appointed, or such vacancy be filled: Provided, t hat no
; one vacancy ahull be supplied, in manner aforesaid, for a
' longer term than six months.
i Approved February 13, l/9a.
