306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
' Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of tho Senator from Missouri to
amend (he motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to postpone this resolution until to-morrow
at ote o'clock.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE ON THE STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. CrWIN. The unfinished business of yes-
terday, which was the Pacific railroad bill, will
come up in a few moments. I move to postpone
it and make it tho special order for Tuesday next
at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair treated
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri as
■A final proposition.
Mr. WILSON. It is just as well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the special order—
the Pacific railroad bill—until Tuesday next, at
one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from California that we might take up the
Pacific railroad bill after the Senator from Mis-
sissippi has spoken, if no one wishes to speak on
the President s message, and make some progress
with it to-day. We can have two or three hours
to devote to it.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. Let it go over. I
did not wish to interfere with the Senator from
Mississippi in his speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As it lacks but a
minute or two of the time when the special order
is to be called up, if there be no objection, the
Chair will call it up now. Strictly, the Pacific
railroad bill is the only special order before the
Senate, but as it seems to be the sense of the Sen-
ate, the Chair will call up the motion to print the
President's message, on which the Senator from
Mississippi is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when I iook the
floor yesterday, I intended to engage somewhat
in the argument which has heretofore prevailed
in the Senate upon the great questions of consti-
tutional right, which have divided the country
i'rom the beginning of the Government. I in-
tended toadduce some evidences, which I thought
were conclusive, in favor of the opinions which I
entertain; but events, with a current hurrying on
as it progresses, have borne me past the point
where it would be useful for me to argue, by the
citing of authorities, the question of rights. To-
day therefore, it is my purpose to deal with events.
Abstract argument lias become among the things
that arc past. We have to deal now with facts;
and in order that we may meet those facts and
apply them to our present condition, it is well to
inquire what is the state of the country. The Con-
stitution provides that the President shall, from
time to time, communicate information on the state
of the Union. The message which is now under
consideration gives us very little, indeed, beyond
that which the world, less, indeed, than reading
men generally, knew before it was communicated.
What, Senators, to-day is the condition of the
country? From every quarter of it comes the
wailing cry of patriotism pleading for the preser-
vation oftnegreatinheritance we derived fromour
fathers. Is there a Senator who does not daily
receive letters appealing to him to use even the
small power which one man here possesses to
save the rich inheritance our fathers gave us?
Tears now trickling down the stern face of man;
and those who have bled for the flag of their
country, and are willing now to die for it, stand
powerless before the plea that the party about to
eomo into power laid down a platform, and that
come what will, though ruin stare us in the face,
consistency must be adhered to, even though the
Government be lost.
In this state of the case, then, we turn and ask,
whatis the character of the Administration ? What
is the executive department doing? What assu-
rance have we there for the safety of the coun-
try ? But we come back from that inquiry with
a mournful conviction that feeble hands now hold
the reins of State; that drivelers are taken in as
counselors not provided by the Constitution; that
vacillation is the law; and the policy of this great
Government is changed with every changing ru-
mor of the day; nay more, it is changing with
every new phase of causeless fear. In this state
.of tho case, after complications have been intro-
tjucej) into tho question, after we were brought to
the verge of war, after wc were hourly expecting
by telegraph to learn that the conflict had com-
menced, after nothing had been done to insure the
peace of the land, we are told in this last hour that
the question is thrown at the door of Congress,
and here rests the responsibility.
Had tho garrison at Charleston, representing
the claim of the Government to hold-the property
in a fort there, been called away thirty days, nay,
ten days ago, peace would have spread its pinions
over this land, and calm negotiation would have
been the order of the day. Why was it not re-
called ? No reason yet has been offered, save that
the Governmentis bound to preserve its property;
and yet look from North to South, from East to
West, wherever we have constructed forts to de-
fend States against a foreign foe, and everywhere
you find them without a garrison, except at a few
points where troops are kept for special purposes;
not to coerce or to threaten a State, but stationed
in sea-coast fortifications there merely for the
purposes of discipline and instruction as artiller-
ists. You find all the other forts in the hands of
fort keepers and ordnance sergeants, and before a
moral and patriotic people, standing safely there
as the property of the country.
I asked in this Senate weeks ago " what causes
the peril that is now imminent at Fort Moultrie;
is it the weakness of the garrison?" and then I
answered, " no, it is its presence, not its weak-
ness." Had an ordnance sergeant there repre-
sented the Federal Government; had there been
no troops, no physical power to protect it, I would
have pledged my life upon the issue that no ques-
tion ever would have been made as to its seizure.
Now, not only there, but elsewhere, we find move-
ments of troops further to complicate this question,
and probably to precipitate us upon the issue ofcivil
war; and worse than all, this Government, repos-
ing on the consent of the governed; this Govern-
ment, strong in the affections of the people; this
Government (I describe itas our fathers made it) is
now furtively sending troops to occupy positions
lest " the mob" should seize them. When before
in the history of our land was it that a mob could
resist the sound public opinion of tho country?
When before was it that an unarmed magistrate
had not the power, by crying, " I command the
peace," to quell a mob in any portion of the land ?
Yet now we find, under cover of night, troops de-
tached from one position to occupy another. Fort
Washington, standing in its lonely grandeur, and
overloolnngthe home of the Father of his Country,
near by the place where the ashes of Washington
repose, built there to prevent a foreign foe from
coming up the Potomac with armed ships to take
the capital—Fort Washington is garrisoned by
marines sent secretly away from the navy-yard
at Washington. Anil Fort McHenry, memorable
in our history as the place where, under bombard-
ment, the star-spangled banner floated through the
darkness of night, the point which was conse-
crated by our national song—FortMcHenry, too,
has been garrisoned by a detachment of marines,
sent from this place in an extra train, and sent
undercover of the night, so that even the mob
should not know it.
Senators, the responsibility is thrown at the
door of Congress. Let us take it. It is our duty
m this last hour to seize the pillars of our Govern-
ment and uphold them, though we be crushed in
the fall. Then what is our policy? Are we to
drift into war? Are we to stand idly by and allow
war to be precipitated upon the country? Allow
an officer of the Army to make war? Allow an
unconfirmed head of a Department to make war?
Allow a geneial of the Army to make war? Allow
a President to make war:' No, sir. Our fathers
gave to Congress the power to declare war, and
even to Congress they gave no power to make war
upon a State of the Union. It could not have
been given, except as a power to dissolve the
Union. When, then, we see, as is evident to the
whole country, that we are drifting into a war
between the United States and an individual State,
does it become the Senate to sit listlessly by and
discuss abstract questions, and read patch-work
from the opinions of men now mingled with the
dust? Are wc not bound to meet events as they
como before us, manfully and patriotically to
struggle with the difficulties which now oppress
the country?
In the message yesterday we were even told
that the District of Columbia was in danger. In
danger of what ? From whom comes the danger?
Is there a man here who dreads that the deliber-
ations of this body are to be interrupted by an
armed force ? Is there one who would not prefer
to fall with dignity at his station, the representa-
tive of a great and peaceful Government, rather
than to be protected by armed bands? And yet
the rumor is—and rumors seem now to be so
authentic that we credit them rather than other
meansofinformation—thatcompanies of artillery
are to be quartered in this city to preserve peace
where the laws have heretofore been supreme, and
that this District is to become a camp, by call-
ing out every able-bodied man within its limits
to bear arms under the militia law. Are we in-
vaded? Is there an insurrection ? Are there two
Senators here who would not be willing to go
forth as a file, and put down any resistance which
showed itself in this District against the Govern-
ment of the United States? Is the reproach meant
against these, my friends from the South, who
advocate southern rights and State rights ? If so,
it is a base slander. We claim our rights under
the Constitution; we claim our rights reseived to
the States; and we seek by no brute force to gain
any advantage which the law and the Constitu-
tion do not give us. We have never appealed
to mobs. We have never asked for the Army and
the Navy to protect us. On the soil of Missis-
sippi, not the foot of a Federal soldier has been
impressed since 1819, when, flying from the yel-
low fever, they sought refuge within the limits of
our State; and on the soil of Mississippi there
breathes not a man who asks for any other pro-
tection than that which our Constitution gives us,
that which our strong arms afford,and the brave
hearts of our people will insure in every con-
tingency.
Senators, we are rapidly drifting into a position
in which this is to become a Government of the
Army and Navy; in which the authority of the
United States is to be maintained, not by law, not
by constitutional agreement between the States,
but by physical force; and will you stand still and
sec this policy consummated ? Will you fold your
arms, the degenerate descendants of those men
who proclaimed the eternal principle that govern-
ment rests on the consent of the governed; and that
every people have a right to change, modify, or
abolish a Government when it ceases to answer
the ends for which it was established, and permit
this Government imperceptibly to slide from the
moorings where it was originally anchored, and
become a military despotism ? It was well said
by the Senator from New York, whom I do not
now see in his seat, [Mr. Seward,] well said in a
speech, wherein I found but little to commend,
that this Union could not be maintained by force,
and that a Union of force was a despotism. It
was a great truth, come from what quarter it may.
That was not the Government instituted by our
fathers; and against it, so long as I live, with
heart and hand, I will rebel.
This brings me to consider a passage in the
message, which says:
" I certainly had no right to make aggressive war upon
any State ; and I am perfectly satibfied that the Constitu-
tion has wisely withheld that power even from Con-
gress;"—
Very good.
"but the right and the duty to use military force defens-
ively against those who resist the Federal officers in the
execution of their legal functions, and against those who
assad the power of the Pafieral Government, is clear and
undeniable."
Is it so? Wher^Hoes he get it? Our fathers
were so jealous of a standing army, that they
scarcely would permit the organization and main-
tenance of any army? Where does he get the
" clear and undeniable" power to use the force of
the United States in tho manner he thereproposes?
To execute a process, troops may be summoned
as a posse comitatus; and here, in the history of
our Government, it is not to be forgotten that in
the earlier, and, as it is frequently said, the bet-
ter days of the Republic—and painfully we feel
that they were better indeed—a President of the
United States did not recur to the Army; he went
to the people of the United States. Vaguely and
confusedly, indeed, did the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Johnson] bring forward the case of
the great man, Washington, as one in which he
had used a power which, he argued, was equiva-
lent to the coercion of a State; for he said that
Washington used the military power against a
