308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
everything, borrowing nothing from anybody,
seemed to dive into the future, and to unvail those
things whicfo are hidden to other eyes. Need I say
I mean Calhoun? No other man than he would
have answered this description. 1 say, then, not
relying upon telegraphic dispatches, we still have
information enough to notify us that wo are on
the verge of civil war; that civil 'war is in the
hands of men irresponsible, as it seems to us;
,their acts unknown to us; their discretion not cov-
ered by any existing law or usage; and we now
have the responsibility thrown upon us, which
justifies us in demanding information to meet an
emergency in which the country is involved.
Is there any point of pride which prevents us
from withdrawing that garrison? I have heard
it said by a gallant gentleman, to whom I make
no special reference, that the great objection was
an unwillingness to lower the flag. To lower
the flag! Under what circumstances? Docs any
man's courage impel him to stand boldly forth to
take the life of his brethren ? Does any man in-
sist upon going upon the open field with deadly
weapons to fight his brother on a question of
courage? There is no point of pride. These are
your brethren; and they have shed as much glory
upon that flag as any equal number of men in the
Union. They are the men, and that is the local-
ity, where the first Union flag was unfurled, and
where was fought a gallant battle before our inde-
pendence was declared—not the flag with thirteen
stripes and thirty-three stars, but a flag with a
cross of St. George, and the long stripes running
through it. When the gallant Moultrie took the
British Fort Johnson, and carried it, for the first
time, I believe, did the Union flag fly in tho air;
and that was in October, 1775. When he took
the position and threw up a temporary battery
with palmetto logs and sand, upon the site called
Fort Moultrie, that fort was assailed by the Brit-
ish fleet, and bombarded until the old logs, cling-
ing with stern tenacity to the enemy that assailed
them, were filled with balls, the flag still floated
there, and, though many bled, the garrison con-
quered. Those old logs are gone; the eroding
current is even taking away tho site where Fort
Moultrie stood; the gallant men who hekbit,now
mingle with the earth; but their memories live in
the hearts of a gallant people, and their sons yet
live, and they, like their fathers, are ready to
bleed and to die for the cause in which their fath-
ers triumphed. Glorious are the memories cling-
ing around that old fort which now, for the first
time, has been abandoned—abandoned not even
in the presence of a foe, but under the imagin-
ings that a foe might come; and guns spiked and
carriages burned where the band of Moultrie bled,
and, with an insufficient armament, repelled the
common foe of all the colonies. Iler ancient his-
tory compares proudly with the present.
dan there, then, be a point of pride upon so
sacredasoil as this, where the blood of tho fathers
cries to Heaven against civil war? Can there be
a point of pride against laying upon that sacred
soil to-day the flag for which our fathers died?
My pride, Senators, is different. My pride is that
that flag shall not set between contending broth-
ers; and that, when it shall no longer be theepm-
mon flag of the country, it shall be folded up and
laid away like a vesture no longer used; that it
shall be kept as a sacred memento of the past,
to which each of us can make a pilgrimage, and
remember the glorious days m which we were
born.
In the answer of the commissioners, which I
caused to be read yesterday, I observed that they
referred to Fort Sumter as remaining amcmento of
Carolina faith. J t is an instance of the accuracy of
the opinion which I have expressed. It stood with-
out a garrison. Itcommanded the harbor, and the
fort was known to have the armament m it ca-
pable of defense. Did the Carolinians attack it?
Did they propose to seize it? It stood there safe
as public property; and there it might have stood
to the end of the negotiations without a question,
if a garrison had not been sent into it. It was the
faith on which they relied, that the Fcdeial Gov-
ernment would take no position of hostility to
them, that constituted its safety, and by which
they lost the advantage they would have had in
spizmg it when unoccupied. I think that some-
thing is fiue to faith as well as fraternity; and I
think one of the increasing and accumulative ob-
ligations upon us to withdraw the garrison from
that fort is from the manner in which it was taken
—taken, as we heard by the reading of the paper
yesterday, while Carolina remained under the as-
surance thatthestaius would notbe violated; while
I was under that assurance, and half a dozen other
Senators now within the sound of my voice felt
secure under the same pledge,that nothing would
be done until negotiations had terminated,unless
it was to withdraw the garrison. Then we, the
Federal Government, broke the faith; we.com-
mitted the first act of hostility; and from this first
act of hostility arose all those acts to which refer-
ence is made in the message as unprovoked ag-
gressions—the seizing of forts elsewhere. Why
were they seized ? Self-preservation is the first law
of nature; and when they no longer had confi-
dence that this Federal Government would not
seize the forts constructed for their defense, and
use them for their destruction, they only obeyed
the dictates of self-preservation when they seized
the forts to prevent the enemy from taking pos-
session of them as a means of coercion, for they
then were compelled to believe this Federal Gov-
ernment had become an enemy.
Now, what is the remedy* To assure them
that you do not intend to use physical force against
them is your first remedy; to assure them that
you intend to consider calmly all the propositions
which they make, and to rccognize the rights
which the Union was established to secure; that
you intend to settle with them upon a basis in ac-
# cordunce with the Declaration of Independence and
the Constitution of the United States. When you
d<^that, peace will prevail over the land, and force
b/comc a thing that no man will consider necessary.
V I am here confronted with a question which I
will not argue. The position which I have taken
necessarily brings me to its consideration. With-
out arguing it, 1 will merely state it. It is the
right of a State to withdraw from the Union. The
President says it is not a constitutional right. The
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and his ally,
the Senator fiom Tennessee, argued it as no right
at all. Well, let us see. What is meant by a
constitutional right? Is it meant to be a right
derived from the Constitution—a giant made in
the Constitution? If that is what is meant, of
course we all see at once we do not derive it in
that way. Is it intended that it is not a constitu-
tional right, because it is not granted in the Con-
stitution ? That shows, indeed, but a poor appre-
ciation of the nature of our Government. All
that is not granted in the Constitution belongs to
the States; and nothing but what is granted in the
Constitution belongs to the Federal Government;
and keeping this distinction in view, it requires
but little argument to see the conclusion at which
wc necessarily arrive. Did the States surrender
their sovereignty to the Federal Government?
Did the States agree that they never could with-
draw from the Federal Union?
I know it has been argued here, that the Con-
federation said the Articles of Confederation were
to be a perpetual bond of Union, and that the
Constitution was made to form a more perfect
Union; that is to say, a Government beyond per-
petuity, or one day, or two or three days after
doomsday. Hut that has no foundation in the
Constitution itself; it has no basis in the nature of
our Government. The Constitution was a compact
between independent States; it was nota national
Government; and hence Mr. Madison answered
with such effectiveness to Patrick Henry, in the
convention of Virginia, which latified the Consti-
tution, denying his proposition that it was to form
a nation, and stating to him the conclusive fact, that
" we sit here as a convention of the State to ratify
or reject that Constitution; and how then can you
say that it forms a nation, and is adopted by the
mass of the people?" It was not adopted by
the mass of the people, as wc all know, histor-
ically; it was adopted by each State; each State
voluntarily ratifying it, entered the Union; and
that Union was formed whenever nine States
should enter it; and in abundance of caution, it
was stated in the resolutions of ratification of three
of the States, that they still possessed the power
to withdraw the grants which they had delegated,
whenever they should be used to their injury or
oppression. I know it, is said that this meant the
people of all the States; but that is such an ab-
surdity that I suppose it hardiy necessary to an-
swer it; or to speak of an elective government
rendering itself injurious and oppressive to the
whole body of the poopte by whom it is elected
is such an absurdity, that no man can believe it;
and to suppose that a State convention, speaking
for a State, having no authority to speak for any-
body else, would say that it was declaring what
the people of the other States would do, would
be an assumption altogether derogatory to the
sound sense and well-known sentiments of the
men who formed the Constitution and ratified it.
But in abundance of caution not only was thitt
done, but the tenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion declared that all which had not been delegated
was reserved to the States or to the people. Now,
I ask where among the delegated grants to the
Federal Government do you find any power to
coerce a State; where among the provisions of
the Constitution do you find any prohibition on
the part of a State to withdraw; and if you find
neither one nor the other, must not this power be
in that great depositoi y, the reserved rights of the
States ? How was it ever taken out of that source
of all power to the Federal Government? It was
not delegated to the Federal Government; it was
notprohibited to the States; it necessarily remains,
then, among the reserved powers of the States.
This question has been so forcibly argued by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] that
I think it unnecessary to pursue it. Three time??
the proposition was made to give power to coerce
a State, in the convention, and as often refused;
opposed as a proposition to make war on a State,
and refused on the ground, that the Federal
Government could not make war upon a State,
The Constitution was to form a Government for
such States as should unite; it had no application
beyond those who should voluntarily adopt it.
Among the delegated powers there is none which
interferes with the exercise of the right of seces-
sion by a State. As a right of sovereignty it re-
mained to the States under the Confederation; and
if it did not, you arraign the faith of the men who
framed the Constitutign to which you appeal,for
they provided that nine States could secede from
thirteen. Eleven did secede from the thirteen,
and put themselves in the very position which,
by a great abuse of language, is to-day called
treason, against the two States of North Carolina
and Rhode Island, they still claiming to adhere to
the perpetual Articles of Confederation, these
eleven States absolving themselves from the obli-
gations which arose under them.
The Senator from Tennessee, to whom I must
refer again—and I do so because he is a southern
Senator—taking the most hostile ground against
us, refers to the State of Tennessee, and points
to the time when that State may do those things
which he has declared it an absurdity for any
State to petform. I will read a single paragraph
from his speech, showing what his language is,
in order that I may not, by any possibility, pro-
duce an impression upon others which his lan-
guage does not justify. Here are the expressions
to which I refer. I call the Senator's attention to
them:
" If there are grievances, why cannot wc all go together,
and write them down, and point them oat to oui northern
filends after we have agreed on what those grievances
were, and s ay, 4 here it> what wc demand ; lieie our wrongs
aie enumerated; upon the>e term? wo have agreed; and
now, alter we have given you a reasonable time to consider
these additional guaiantees in order to protect omselves
against tlu\-e wrongs, if you iefu->c them, then, having made
an honorable cftbit—having exhausted all other mean*—
we may declare the association to be broken up, and we
may go into an actofrevoiution r' We can then say to them,
E you have lefused to give u> guaiantees that we think are
needed for thepiotcction of oiu institutions and for the pio-
tection of our other interests.'1 When they do this, I will
go as Tdi as he who goes the furthest."'
Now, it does appear that he will go that far;
and he goes a little further than anybody, I be-
lieve, who has spoken in vindication of the right,
for he says:
11 Wc do not intend that you shall diive us out of this
house that was i eared by the handsofour fathers. It is our
house. It is the constitutional house. We have a ught
here ; and because you come An ward and violate the ordi-
nances of tnis house, i do not intend to go out; and if you
persist in the violation of the ordinances of the house, we
intend to eject you from the building and retain the posses-
sion ouiselves."
I wonder if this is what causcd the artillery
companies to be ordered here, and the militia of
this city to be organized. I think it was a mere
figure of speech. I do not believe the Senator
from Tennessee intended to kick you out of the
house: and if he did, let me say to you, in all
sincerity, we who claim the constitutional right
