310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
In a country of populous cities, of manufacturing
towns, where population is gathered from the
country into towns and villages, the torch and
sword can-do their work with dreadful havoc, and
starving millions would weep at the stupidity of
those who had precipitated them into so sad a
policy.
We do not desire these things. We seek not
the injury of any one. We seek not to disturb
your prosperity. We, atleast to a great extent,
have from time to time looked to our agricultural
labor as that to which we prefer to adhere. We
have seen, in the diversity of the occupations of
the States, the bond of Union. We have rejoiced
in your prosperity. We have sent you our sta-
ples, ana purchased your manufactured articles.
We have used your ships for the purpose of trans-
port and navigation. We have gloried in the ex-
tension of American commerce everywhere; have
felt proud as yourselves in every achievement you
made in art; on every sea that you carried your
flag in regions to which u had hitherto not been
borne; and, if we must leave you, we can leave
you still with the good-will which would prefer
that your prosperity should continue. If we must
part, I say we can put our relations upon that
Dasis which will give you the advantage of a
favored trade with us, and still make the inter-
course mutually beneficial to each other. If you
will not, then it is an issue from which we will
not shrink; for, between oppression and freedom,
between the maintenance of right and submission
to power, we will invoke the God of battles, and
meet our fate, whatever it may be.
I was reading, a short time ago, an extract
from the speech of the Senator from Tennessee
which referred to the time when " we"—I sup-
pose itmeansTennessee—would take the position
which it was said to he an absurdity for South
Carolina to hold. How can the change of names
thus affect the question; and who is to judge in
the case? Tennessee still was put, in the same
spcech, in the attitude of a great objector against
the exercise of the right of secession. Is there
anything in her history which thus places her?
Tennessee, born of secession, rocked in the cra-
dle of revolution, taking her position before she
was matured, and claiming to be a State bccause
she had violently severed her connection with
North Carolina, and through an act of secession
and revolution, claimed to have become a State.
I honor her for it. I honor the gallant old Sevier
for maintaining the rights of which North Caro-
lina attempted to deprive him, and I admire the
talentwhich made recruits from every army which
was sent to subdue him. Washington and Jack-
son, too, arc often presented as authority against
it—Washington, who led the army of the Revo-
lution; Washington, whose reputation rests upon
the fact that with the sword he cut the cord which
bound the Colonics to Great Britain, they not
having the justification of the sovereign attributes
belonging to States; Washington, who presided
when the States seceded from the Confederation,
and formed the Union, in disregard of the claims of
the States not agreeing to it; and Jackson, glorious
old soldier, who, in his minority, upon the sacred
soil of South Carolina, bled for the cause of revolu-
tion and the overthrow of a Government which he
believed to be oppressive; who, through his whole
life, indicated the same cast of character, standing
in an attitude which to-day would be called re-
bellion and treason, when he opposed the Federal
Government, denied their power, contemnedtheir
orders to disband his troops, threatened to put
any officer m irons who came into his camp to
recruit, and marched his force, the Tennessee
militia, back from Washington in Mississippi, to
the place whence they hadstarted. Bad authorities
arc these for our opponents; yet they are names
under the shadow of which we can safely repose !
If we were reduced to arguing the question on
the ground of expediency; if we had to convince
the dominant section that it was good for them
that their best customers should leave them; if
we had to convince them that they should not
any longer have the power to tax us, that they
should not collect the revenue which fills the
Treasury and builds up their vast public works,
I fear we should not succeed; but if they are sin-
cere in believing that wc are of no advantage to
them; if they look upon the southern States as a
burden; if they think we require their protection,
then we are ready to relieve them.
The question which now presents itself to the
country is, what shall we do with events as they
stand ? Shall we allow this separation to be total ?
Shall we render it peaceful, with a view to the
chancc that when hunger shall brighten the intel-
lects of men,and the teachings of hard experience
shall have tamed them, they may come back,
in the spirit of our fathers, to the task of recon-
struction ? Or will tl\py have that separation par-
tial; will they give to each State all its military
power; will they give to each State its revenue
power; will they still preserve the common agent;
and will they thus carry on a Government differ-
ent from that which now exists, yet not separat-
ing the States so entirely as to make the work of
reconstruction equal to a new crcation; not sep-
arating them so as to render it utterly impossible
to administer any functions of the Government
in security and peace?
[ waive the question of duality, considering
that a dual Executive would be the institution of a
king-lord. I consider a dual legislative depart-
ment would be to bring into antagonism the rep-
resentatives of two different countries, to war per-
petually, and thus to continue, not union, but the
irrepressible conflict. There is no duality pos-
sible (unless there be two Confederacies) which
seems to me consistent with the interests of either
or of both. It might be that two Confederacies
could be so organized as to answer jointly many
of the ends of our present Union; it might be that
States, agreeing with each other in their internal
polity—having a similarity of interests and an
identity of purpose—might associate together; and
that these two Confederacies might have relations
to each other so close as to give them a united
power in time of war against any foreign nation.
These things are possibilities; these things it be-
comes us to contemplate; these things it devolves
on the majority section to consider now; for with
every motion of that clock is passing away your
opportunity. It was greater when we met on the
first Monday in December than it is now; it is
greater now than it will be on the first day of next
week. We have waited long; we have come to the
conclusion that you mean to do nothing. In the
committee of thirteen, where the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Chittenden]
were considered, various attempts wore made, but
no prospect of any agreement on which it was pos-
sible for us to stand, in security for the future, eon Id
be matured. I offered a proposition, which was
but the declaration of that which the Constitution
announces; but that which the Supreme Court
had, from time to time, and from an early period,
asserted; but that which was necessary for equal-
ity in the Union. Not one single vote of the Re-
publican portion of that committee was given for
the proposition.
Looking then upon separation as inevitable,
not knowing how that separation is to occur, or
at least what States it is to embrace, there re-
mains to us, I believe, as the consideration which
is most useful, the inquiry, how can this separation
be effected so as to leave to us the power, when-
ever we shall have the will, to reconstruct? It
can only be done by adopting a policy of peace.
It can only hi* done by denying to the Federal
Government all power to corecc. It can only be
done by returning to the point from which wc
started, and saying, 44 This is a Government of
fraternity, a Government of consent; and it shall
not be administered in a departure from those prin-
ciples."
I do not regard the failure of our constitutional
Union, as very many do, to be the failure of self-
government; to be conclusive in all future time of
the unfitness of man to govern himself. Our State
governments have charge of nearly all the relations
of person and property. This Federal Government
was instituted mainly as a common agent for for-
eign purposes, for free trade among the States,
and for common defense. Representative liberty
will remain in the States after they are separated.
Liberty was not crushed by the separation of the
colonies from the mother country, then the most
constitutional monarchy and the freest Govern-
men known. Still less will liberty be destroyed by
the separation of these States to prevent the destruc-
tion of the spiritof the Constitution by the malad-
ministration of it. There will be injury—injury to
ail; differing in degree, differing in manner. The
injury to the manufacturing and navigating States
will 6e to their internal prosperity. The injury
to the southern States will be mainly to their for-
eign commerce. All will feel the deprivation of
that high pride and power which belong to the
flag now representing thegrcatest Republic, if not
the greatest Government, upon the face of the
globe. I would that it still remained to consider
what we might calmly have, considered on the
first Monday in December—how this could be
avoided; but events have ro.lled past that point.
You would not make propositions when they
would have been effective. I presume you will
not make them now; and I know not what effect
they would have if you did. Your propositions
would have been most welcome if they had been
made before any question of coercion, and before
any vain boasting of power; for pride and passion
do not often take counsel of pecuniary interest,
at least among those whom I represent. But you
have chosen to take the policy of clinging to
words, in disregard of events, and have hastened
them onwards. It is true, as shown by the his-
tory of all revolutions, that they arc most precip-
itated and intensified by obstinacy and vacilla-
tion. The want of a policy, the obstinate adhe-
rence to unimpoitant things, have brought us to
a condition where I close my eyes, bccause lean-
not see anything that encourages me to hope.
In the long period which elapsed after the down-
fall of the great Republics of the East, when des-
potism seemed to brood over the civilized world,
and only here and there constitutional monarchy
even was able to rear its head; when all the great
principles of republican and representative gov-
ernment had sunk deep, fathomless, into the sea
of human events; it was then that the storm of our
Revolution moved the waters. The eaith, the air,
and the sea, became brilliant; and from the foam
of ages rose the constellation which was set in the
political firmament as a sign of unity and confed-
eration and community independence, coexistent
with confederate strength. That constellation has
served to bless our people. Nay, more; its light
has been thrown on foreign lands, and its regen-
erative power will outlive, perhaps, the Govern-
ment as a sign for which it was set. It may be
pardoned to me, sir, who, in my boyhood, was
given to the military service, and who have fol-
i lowed under tropical suns, and over northern
I snows, the flag of the Union, suffering from it as
j it does not become mc to speak it, if I here express
! the deep sorrow which always overwhelms me
when I think of taking a last leave of that object
of early affection and proud association, feeling
that henceforth it is not to be the banner which,
by day and by night, I am ready to follow, to hail
with the rising and bless with the setting sun. But
God, who knows the hearts of men, will judge
between you and us, at whose door lies the respons-
ibility of this. Men will see the efforts I have made,
here and elsewhere; that 1 have been silent when
words would not avail, and have curbed an impa-
tient temper, and hoped that conciliatory counsels
might do that winch I knew could not be effected
by harsh means. And yet the only response which
has come from the other side has been a stolid
indifference, as though it mattered not, 44 let the
temple fall, we do not care." Sirs, remember
that such conduct is offensive, and that men may
become indifferent even to the objects of their
early attachments.
If our Government shall fail, it will not be the
defect of the system, though its mechanism was
wonderful, surpassing that which the solar sys-
i tern furnishes for our contemplation: for it had
had no center of gravitation; each planet was set
to revolve in an otbit of its own, each moving by
its own impulse, and all attracted by the affec-
tions which countervailed each other. It has been
the perversion of the Constitution; it has been the
substitution of theoiies of morals for principles of
government; it has been forcing crude opinions
about things not understood upon the domestic
institutions of other men, which has disturbed
these planets in their orbit; it is this which threat-
ens to destroy the constellation which, in its power
and its glory, had been gatheringoneafteranother,
until, from thirteen, it had risen to thirty-three
stars.
If we accept the argument of to-day in favor of
coercion as the theory of our Government, its
only effect will be to precipitate men who have
pride and self-reliance into the assertion of the
freedom and independence to which they were
born. Our fathers would never have entered into
