1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
or recognizor ; nor the power to prohibit the removal or
transportation of persons held to labor or involuntary ser-
vice m any State or Territory of the United States to any
other State or Territory thereof where it is established or
recognized by law or usage; and the right daring transport-
ation, by sea or river, of touching at ports, shores, and
landings, and of landing in case of distress, shall exist; but
not the right of transit in or through any State or Territory,
or of sale or traffic, against the laws thereof. Nor shall
Congress have power to authorize any higher rate of taxa-
tion on persons held to iabor or service than on land. The
bringing into the District of Columbia of persons held to
labor or service, for sale, or placing them in depots to be
afterwards transferred to other places for sale as merchan-
dise, is prohibited.
Sec. 4. The third paragraph of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution shall not be construed to
prevent any of the States, b> appiopriate legislation, and
through the action of their judicial and ministerial officer,
from enforcing the delivery of fugitives from labor to the
persons to whom such service or labor is due.
Sec. 5, The foreign slave trade is hereby forever prohib-
ited ; and it shall be the duty of Congress to pa-ss laws to
prevent the importation of slaves, coolies, or prisons held
to service or labor, into the United States and the Territo-
ries from places beyond the limits thereof.
Sec. 6. The first, third, and fifth sections, together with
this section of these amendments, and the third paragiaph
of the second &eetion of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, and the third paragraph of the second section ol the
fourth article thereof, shall not be amended or abolished
without the consent of all the States.
Sec. 7. Congress shall provide by law that the United
States shall pay to the owner the full value ot his fugitive
from labor, in all cases where the marshal, or otherofheer,
whose duty it was to arrest such fugitive, was ptevented
from so doing by violence or intimidation from mobs or riot-
ous assemblages, or when, after arrest, such fugitive was
rescued by like violence or intimidation, and the owner
thereby deprived of the same; and the acceptance of Mich
payment shall preclude the owner fiom further claim to
such fugitive. Congress shall provide by Jaw for seeming
to the citizens ol each State the privileges and immunities
of eittzcns in the several States.
Resolved, therefore, bythe Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of both Houj-es concurring,) That the
foregomsr be. and the same are hereby, proposed to the
several States as amendment* to the Constitution of the
United States; which, when ratified by conventions in
three fourths of the scveial States, shall be valid to all in-
tents and pui poses as part of the said Constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. I think I am on the floor.
Mr. .SEWARD. 1 desire to speak a word from
the committee touching the present report.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. HALE I object to its present considera-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I am not proposing to con-
sider it.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from New Uamp-
shiie 1ms no right to make the objrt tton.
Mr. SEWARD. I am not proposing to con-
sider it at the present moment; but 1 am desirous
of making an explanation from the committee
touching the report made by the Senator from
Kentucky. The honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] and myself constituted a minor-
ity of the committee. "We dissent from the re-
port, and we proposed in committee to submit a
substitute. The majority held that, for some rea-
son sufficient in their estimation, we were not en-
titled to submit a minority report. I therefore ask
leave of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution
in my own name, and in which the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois authorized me to say that he
concurs with me, and which I ask unanimous
consent to have read and printed; and it wilt be
the subject of consideration at such time hereaf-
ter as the Senate shall choose to hear it, either m
connection with the other or not.
Mr. MASON. Is it in the form of a report5
Mr. SEWARD. No; it is not insisted on in
that form; it is submitted on my own behalf I
desire that it may be read for information and
printed, subject to the future action ofnhe Senate.
The proposition of Air. Seward was read, as
follows:
A joint resolution concerning a national convention to
propose amendments to tiie Constitution of the United
States.
Whei eas thcLcuislaturc-. of the States ofKentuekv, X-w
Jersey, and Illinois, have applied to Congro^ to call a con-
vention for proposing amendments to the Constitution of
the United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved, tyc., Tlnu the Legislatures of the other
States be invited to take the subject into consideration, and
to express their will on that subject to Congress, in pm-
suance of the filth article of the Constitution."
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to make 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California was on the floor. No action is
now requested on the paper just offered, only a
motion to print.® Shall the paper be printed:
Mr. HALE. Was it read for information?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. For informa-
tion only.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. BIGlER. I desire to make a remark in
reference to the question oforder made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. The Senator objects
to the consideration of the report to-day. Yes-
terday, when the Senator from Kentucky made the
motion, I insisted on further moving that the re-
port of the committee should be the special order
at one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
record.
Mr. BIGLER. That instruction was offered,
and therefore the Senator's objection will not
apply.
Mr. HALE. Therefore it will.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on the motion to
print.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is on the floor. The Senator from
New Hampshire having objected to the present
consideration of the resolution reported by the
Senator from Kentucky, for the time being it can-
not be considered.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow the question to be put on my motion
to print?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard no objection to that; and it was ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me to say a single word. I ob-
serve that, in this report, the State of Wisconsin
is mentioned as having sent delegates to this con-
vention, commonly denominated the peace con-
vention. That is a mistake. I desire, also, to
give notice that when this subject shall come up
for consideration, 1 shall offer as an amendment
to the firstsection of article thirteen, as proposed,
the following proviso:
Provided, however, iuu\ this section shall take effect upon
the e.\pie.--s condition. That no Stan*, oi ,iny pan tliciuof,
herototoie admitted, or hereafter to b-> admitted, into the
Union, shall have powei to witlidiaw from the jurisdiction
of the United State-.; and that tins Constitution, and all
laws passed in pur-uaii(o tin icof. shall be the supreme
law of the land therein, anything contained in anv Consti-
tution, act, oi oidmance of any Stale iiCgislatuie or con-
vention to the eoiitiaiy notwithstanding.
The section will then read as follows:
S; c. 1 fn .ill the pre-'mt temtoiy of the United States
north of ihe pandlej ,h' ;i;>° 3-)' of north latitude, involun
taiv '-m vit'lii1', ewpr ri psini-hinjiit ot crun.1. i- piohib-
lted. In all the pir-ent tointoiy south of that line, the
status of pei?ori-5 held to involuntary seivice or labot, as it
now exist-,-hall not be cham^-d; nor shall any law be
parsed by Conirrfs-. or the Toriitona] Legislatuie to hinder
oi [ii < vent ihe taking of such pei^ons fiom any of the States
oi this Union to said terutory. nor to impair the lights aiis-
hvz fiom t-.ud relation ; but the fame shali be eubjoct to
judicial cognizance in the Federal coiut-s aceoidmn to the
course of the common law. When any Territoiy north or
south of said line, within such houudaiy as Congress may
piesciibe, shall contain a population equal to that requned
foi a incinbfM of Congress, it shall, if if? form of govern-
ment lie tepublican, be admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, with or without mvolun-
taiy servitude, as the constitution of such State may pro- j
vide: Provided, however, (and this section shall take effect
upon the expiess condition,) That no State, noi any part ;
thereof, heietot'ore admitted, oi hoieafter to b" admitted, j
into the Union, shall have power to withdiaw from the j
jurisdiction of the United States; and that the Constitu-
tion, and all laws passed in puisuaucc thereof, shall be the
supieme law of the land therein, anything contained in
anv constitution, act, or ordinance, of any State Legisla-
tuie or convention, to the co.maiy notwithstanding.
And I desire that thatamendment, which I now
send to the Chair, may be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to printing the paper which the Senator
has just read? The Chair hears no objection.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the committee ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate,jointly with the
committee appointed on the part of the House of
Representatives, to wait upon Abraham Lincoln,
of Illinois, and notify him of his election as Pres-
ident of the United States, reported that the com-
mittee had performed the duty assigned them, and
that the President elect, in signifying his accept-
ance of the office to which he was chosen by the
people, said:
u With deep latitude to my eouritiyinen foi this maik of
their confidi'iiee, with a di--tru<t of my own ability to per-
lorm the required dun under the ino-t favorable circum-
stances, now rendeifd doubly difficult by existmgnational
pun Is; yet, with a mm reliance on the strength of our fiee i
Government, and the ultimate loyalty of the people to the
just principles upon which it is founded, and above all, an
unshaken faith in tiie Supreme Kuierof nations, I accept
this tuist. Be pleased to signify my acceptance to the re-
spective Houses of Congress."
He also, from the committee appointed on the
part of the Senate, jointly with the committee
appointed on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, to wait upon Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine ,
and notify him of his election as Vice President
of the United States, reported that the committee
had performed the duty assigned them, and that
the Vice President elect, in signifying his accept-
ance of the office to which he had been chosen
by the people, said:
"You will please to communicate to the respective
Houses of Congress my acceptance of the trust conlided to
me by a generous people. And while it is a position which
I neither sought or desired, I am truly grateful for the con-
fidence reposed in me, deeply sensible'of the obligations it
itnpo-.es; and it shall bo my earnest effort to dischaige my
duty in that manner which shall subserve the inteiest of
the whole country."
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
971) making appropriations for#the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1862; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment submitted by Mr,
GwiNjfrom the Con>mitteeon the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN. As I observed, sir, before this
interruption took place, I wish the Senate to beai
in mind that the amendment now under consid-
eration has not the slightest reference to thisBut-
terfield contract. The amendment that has been
offered from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads is an amendment to the bill which
passed a few days ago, enlarging the amount that
the Postmaster General can pay for conveying the
entire mails to the Pacific coast from §800,000 to
£1,000,000. My colleague has stated that one ot
the provisions of this amendment continues the
ocean service as it exists at present for $350,000.
That is true; and that was the intention of the
committee, and it is my intention; and I give no-
tice now, so far as 1 am concerned, that so long
as we can get this ocean service three times a
month, carrying all the mail matter thattheGov-
ernment may choose to place upon those steamers,
for $350,000,1 do not care how long it continues.
It is a cheap service; it is a good service; and it
is one third less than we have paid for it for up-
wards of ten years. We paid §738,000 for a semi-
monthly service for ten years; and we now get a
tri-monthly service for §350,000.
Now, Mr. President, although I am as anxious
as any other person can be, to see the entire mail
carried overland, on the central route, it is a prob-
lem not yet solved, whether we can carry all the
printed matter on that route. Ithas been reported
against time and again by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. The experiment never has been made. The
amount of printed matter is sixty thousand pounds
a month. When you speak of daily overland
mails, that means six times a week. It is the
interpretation, as I understand, of the Post Office
Depaitment, that a daily mail excludes Sundays;
and therefore, when you take a thousand pounds
every day, as provided in the bill that has passed
both Houses, you will have fifteen hundred
pounds to be sent daily, additional. Thus, you
take twenty-four thousand pounds a month on
the fast line, to be passed through in twenty days,
and leave fifteen hundred pounds to be carried
through in thirty-five days. Now, sir, I do not
want any mail service more perfect than one that
will carry the whole of the heavy printed matter
by the ocean line, three times a month,and carry
all our letters in twenty days, daily. That is pie-
cisely what I wish: all the letters going through
m twenty days, and all the way matter for all the
intermediate routes, and let the heavy printed
matter go by the ocean line until it is developed
hereafter that wc can certainly carry it across the
continent on a route that can never be disturbed.
I do not pretend to disguise that that is precisely
what I want, and what, in my judgment, is the
best thing that can be done at this time for the
mail service between the Atlantic and Pacific.
This service by the Isthmus is important in
another respect. We have postal treaties with
Great Britain and other nations, by which we
have to carry their mails. We cannot get those
