1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
mails carried unless we have a contract going
across Central America, a very important com-
munication for our citizens. It is a very import-
ant service; and, although I make it subordinate,
and intend to make itsubordinate,to the overland
service—and, if it isnecessary to destroy it to build
Up the overland service, I am prepared to do it—
yet I think the mixed is the best service we can
possibly have. According to the amendment
which was offered from the Post Office Commit-
tee, we can get that service for §350,000; and then
the limit of $1,000,000 putin that amendment,
leaves $650,000 to carry the way mail and letter
mail across from St. Joseph to California. It can
be done for that sum. I know it. There is not
u shadow of a doubt about it. Why, sir, we are
now carrying, daily,'the whole printed matter and
all letters,from Sacramento to Portland,more than
a third of the distance, over range upon range of
mountains, in a worse country than they have to
carry it across this continent, for $90,000 a year;
and we can carry the whole of this mail matter for
$650,000, daily, and there are plenty of men in
the country who will take the contract. There-
fore, when we can get this service for $1,000,000,
three times a month by the ocean line, carrying
all the heavy matter, and six times a week for all
the way mails and letter mail, going through in
twenty days, I shall congratulate my constituents
on such a perfect mail service, and for such a mail
compensation, compared to what we paid hereto-
fore, costing the Government by this amendment
but $1,000,000.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, it is well
known that I have always sustained the Butter-
field route; and I undertake to say that there are
not better contractors in the world, in my judg-
ment. They have performed their service in a
manner that does credit to them and the Govern-
ment. It was a great experiment and a great risk
they ran in undertaking to carry this mail across
the continent, on a route nearly three thousand
miles m length—the longest four-horse post-coach
service that was ever established—and it has been
an eminent success. It is well known to members
of the Senate, because it got into debate here,
that 1 have been racking my brain for weeks to
devise some plan by which the contractor on this
route, which I believed would be disturbed, could
be brought to the central route, for which 1 have
received a good many hard blows in the newspa-
pers and elsewhere for doing precisely what is now
proposed and advocated by those who seemed to
object to and censure my conduct.
1 was anxious to economize our mail service; to
being them down to the lowest amount; and I did
not want to disturb the Butterfield contract, or to
discontinue it at all. But, sir, what I tried to a void—
causes over which I could have no control—have
brought about the destruction of tins route. I
have just received a letter from the Postmaster
General. I made a specific inquiry from him to
know if the mails could be carried on the Butter-
field route; and I have just received this letter
from him:
Post Office Department, February 28,1861.
Dear Sir: F a«ked the postmaster of Fort Smith last
evening:, by telegraph, if the maiH on the oveiland route
were stopped the other day by Texan?, and have this morn-
ing received the following answer under yesterday's date,
viz:
u From the best information 1 have now, it 'pp.ms it was
Indians, not Texans A. G Mayers, Postmaster
Very respectfully, yours, HORATIO KING,
flon. VV. M. Gwin, United States Senate.
My inquiry was to know whether the route was
stopped, and whether any mail was sent on it.
Now, it comes to a question of damages. The
Government of theUnited States did not stop this
mail. It has been done by causes that this Gov-
ernment could not control, as we well know. We
have no atmy there to punish these Indians, from
the news we have lately received.
Now, Mr. President, while I have stated that
these contraetorson the Butterfield route have per-
formed their services admirably, there are other
contractors who have performed services equally
meritorious to the country also. These contract-
ors on the .central route have started an enter-
prise that is equal to that of the Butterfield route,
considering that was one established by the Gov-
vernnient at an expense of $600,000 a year, and
this other was established tiy the private enter-
prise of these parties themselves, without any
compensation from the Government. I allude to
the pony express. These contractors, by the
transfer of the Butterfield contractors to their
route, are to' be sacrificed in all the improve-
ments they have made. They have got stations,
they have got teams, as fine as there are in the
world, and coaches; and they ought at least to
have an opportunity, in open market, to bid for
this contract; and that is all I propose.
Now, sir, in regard to the amendment o£ the
Senator from New Hampshire: what is it? It is
a proposition to give the Butterfield contractors
$1,150,000 a year, for four years from next July,
for carrying the entire mail to California. It gives
them the privilege of sending the printed matter
in thirty-five days, I am utterly opposed to that
in any shape, manner, or form. I would rather
have the printed matter conveyed tri-monthly by
the ocean route, than have it sent across the con-
tinent in thirty-five days. A newspaper thirty-
five days old is not of much account' There are
steamer papers printed on our side, and on the
other side also, by which the people can get the
current news for the ten days, or formerly the
two weeks, that intervene between the sailing of
the steamers.
In addition to that, one of the sections of the
amendment of the the Senator from Massachu-
setts provides:
That the contractors on route No. 12578 shall be entitled
to their present mail pay during the necessary time required
to change their stock from their piesent route to the central
route, without performing the service, and shall he entitled
also to two months' pay on their present contiact as liqui-
dated damages for such change of service, if made by them
in accordance with the terms of the preceding section.
Here is a sum of $100,000 given to these con-
tractors outright, and then they are to be paid
their present contract price while doing no service
until the change be made; that is to say, they will
get the very same pay they now get, until they
change the service to the central route; and I un-
dertake to say they will not do it before the 1st
of July. There is full four months' pay that they
, will get for doing nothing whatever, amounting
j to ^200,000, and then they are to be paid $100,000
for liquidated damages,altogether $300,000, which
they are to get without peforming any service,
accordingto this proposition. They can perform
no service on their present route now, for it is in-
terrupted by Indians, and they are not required
to establish the other service, and cannot do it,
unless they are specially authorized to do it, be-
fore the 1st of July; and therefore they will receive
at least four months'pay, and probably more, from
the time their service was interrupted in Texas,
witiioutdoing any scrvice. To give them $100,000
as liquidated damages, and $*200,000 pay up to
the 1st of July, without carrying any mail, ] think
is ample compensation to these contractors, if the
Senate choose to transfer them to the central route,
without giving them $150,000 a year, in addition
for four years, more than the service can be per-
formed for, and we can get a contract for.
Hence, Mr President, I think, if the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts is to be
considered, and is to supplant that which has been
offered by the Post Office Committee, the amount
of pay provided for the service should be reduced
from $1,150,000 to §1,000,000 a year. If these
contractors are to be transferred to the central
route with $100,000 liquidated damages, and have
all their pay from this time to the 1st of July,
without carrying any mail, (for they cannot carry
it, because it has been stopped, and they cannot
commence on the central route until the 1st of
July,) which will give them $300,000 altogether,
they should not be paid more for the service than
it can be performed for by others. If the Senate
choose to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I shall move to cut down the
amount to be paid from $1,150,000 to $1,000,000
a year.
Mr. LATHAM. I am very glad my colleague
has avowed one thing, because it relieves me of
any charge of misinterpretation. He expressly
says he is in favor of a permanent mail contract
by steamship between New York and San Fran-
cisco, and that the object of the first part of the
provision offered by the committee is to accom-
plish this object, which is exactly what I stated be-
fore. I think it would have been far more proper,
and would have made this matter more explicit
on the part of the committee, if they had brought
in two distinct propositions—one to provide for
steamship service between New York and San
Francisco,at a cost notexceeding$350,000 ayear,
and another to carry the letter and way-maiL daily
<—as he avows it can be done—on the central route,
for $650,000 a year. Then the two propositions
would have been clear and plain. The latter pro-
vision could have declared that the contractshould
be let out to the lowest bidder, or could have pro-
vided for making an absolute contract, if the.oom-
mittee should prefer, at the rate of $650,000 a year.
Then, with the repeal of the provisions that were
puton the post route bill in relation to this service,
we should have the steamship line for $350,000,
and the central overland line for $650,000, to carry
nothing but the letter and way-mails. When the
committee brines forward such a proposition, so
singularly worded, which their proposed amend-
mentamounts to, what, I ask, is to become of all
the way mail lying along the routes to Denver
City and Julesburg and Salt Lake City, that the
provision upon the post route bill required the
contractors to provide for? Those mails will
amount very likely oftentimes to over a thousand
pounds per trip. You cannot send that matter
by sea. The Representatives and Senators of
Kansas, and the Delegate from New Mexico, will
send all their public documents and all their
printed matter—of course, amounting to the same
that the Senators from California now send—over
that route, and the contractors are to carry it. I
ask where is the provision to carry it?
Mr. GWIN. JDoes the Senator say that that
mail matter will exceed a thousand pounds a day?
Mr. LATHAM. I did not say it would exceed
a thousand pounds every day; but I said it must
be carried, and we should make provision for it.
Mr. GWIN. This does not disturb the other
provision, which is to supply those places semi-
weekly ?
Mr. LATHAM. Then I have to say that there
is no provision in relation to the paymentof those
who carry it.
Mr. G\VIN. They are bound to carry it,
Mr. LATHAM. This says explicitly, <( shall
contract for the transportation of the letter and
way mail on the central route before the 1st day
of July, if the service can be performed," with
the limitation of a thousand pounds.
REPORT OF THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
The PRESIDING OFFICEE, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The hour of one o'clock having ar-
rived , it becomes the duty of the Chair to announce
the special order—the report of the select com-
mittee to which was referred certain proposed
amendments to the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. I object to the consideration of
that report; and I will state 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report is
a special order, and an objection does not carry
it over. It must be considered now, unless it be
deferred by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon of the Chair for a
moment. I should like to state the rule, and the
reason for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Now Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. The rule I read, and upon which
I rest, is the 26th rule of the Senate:
u23. Every bill shall receive three readings previous to
its being passed, and the President shall give, notice at each,
whether it be the first, second, or third ; which reading
shall be on three different days, unless the Senate unani-
mously direct otherwise. And all jesolutions proposing
amendments to the Constitution, or to which the approba-
tion and signature of the President may be requisite, or
which may grant money out of the contingent or any other
fund, shall be treated, in all respects, in the introduction and
foim of proceedings on them, in the Senate, in a similar
manner with bills; and all other resolutions shall lie on
the table one day for consideration, and also reports of com-
mittees."
That is the express rule of the Senate. Rules
are made for the protection of minorities; and it
does not lie in the power of a majority to vote
yesterday that a rule of the Senate shall be dis-
regarded to-day. The rule says that all reports
of committees shall lie on the tabic one day; and
I ask for the execution of that rule. If a major-
ity of the Senate can override the rules, and by a
vote say that a thing shall be in order, which a
rule of the Senate says shall not, the rules afford
no protection, and we might as well have no rules
at ail, and all that need be done in order to dis-
regard them, is a vote of the Senate yesterday.
Suppose the Senate should vote so to-day; there
