1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
a confederate Government which hud within itself
thepowerof coercion. I would not agree to remain
one day in such aGovernmentafter I had the power
to get out of it. To argue that a man who follows
the mandate of his State, resuming her sovereign
jurisdiction and power, is disloyal to his allegiance
to the United States, which allegiance he only owed
through his State, is such a confusion of ideas as
docs not belong to an ordinary comprehension of
our Government. It is treason to tne principle of
community independence. It is to recur to that
doctrine of passive obedience which* in England,
cost one monarch his head, and drove another into
exile; a doctrine which, since the revolution of
1688, has obtained nowhere where men speak the
English tongue; and yet all this it is needful to
admit before we accept this doctrine of coercion,
which is to send an Army and a Navy to do that,
which there are no courts to perform; to execute
the law without a judicial decision, and without
an officer to serve process. This, I say, would
degrade us to the basest despotism under which
man could live; the despotism of a many-headed
monster, without the sensibility or regardful con-
sideration which might belong to ahercditary king.
But the Senator found somewhere, 1 believe in
Georgia, a newspaper article which suggested t lie
advantages of a constitutional monaichy. Does
the Senator believe there is any considerable
number of people in any of the States who favor
the establishment of a constitutional monarchy?
If so, let me at once, speaking with that assur-
ance which is given to me by those knowing more
of that people than myself, say that the appre-
hension is vain. I am sure that the same feeling
prevails in that State as my own; the same which
exists in his State of Tennessee; and in each of
them there are many like the Lucius Junius—
 " that would have brooked
The eternal Devi! to keep his state m llorne,
As easilyas a King."
Mr, IVERSON. As allusion has been made
by the Senator from Mississippi to an article
which appeared in a paper in my own town, and
about which a good deal of noise has been made,
and which was referred to by the Senator from
Tennessee, in his celebrated speech, the other
day, as evidence that there was a party in the
South in favor of a constitutional monarchy, I
take the liberty to say that that was a commu-
nication merely to the paper, and that it slipped
in without the knowledge and consent of the pro-
prietors of the paper; and in the very next paper
the editors disclaimed and denounced it. I will
take the opportunity to say, in conjunction with
what the Senatocfrom Mississippi has said, that
there is not one man in a million, as faros I know
and believe, in the State of Georgia, or elsewhere
in the South, who would be in favor of any such
principle.
Mr. DAVIS. If, Mr. President, a paper con-
taining such a doctrine could subsist upon sub-
scription anywhere in the United States, I should
esteem it nearly as bad an indication as the adop-
tion of the doctrine of slavish submission; and
either the one or the other I should consider a far
worse sign of man's incapacity to govern himself
than any which is presented by the resumption
of the grants that a State has mode. I have no
idea that there is any such feeling wifhin the
limits of the southern States.
There are two modes, however, of dissolving
the Union. One alone has been contemplated. It
was that which proceeded from States separating
themselves from those to whom they are united.
There is another. It is by destroying the Con-
stitution; by pulling down the political temple;
by forming a consolidated Government. Union,
in the very meaningof the word, implies the junc-
tion of separate States. Consolidation would be
the destruction of the Union, and far more fatal
to popular liberty than the separation of the
States. But, if fanaticism and sectionalism, like
the blind giant of old, shall seize the pillars of the
temple to tear them down, m order that they may
destroy its inmates, it but remains for us to with-
draw, and itwill be ourpurposetocommence the
erection of anoiheron the same plan on whieh our
fathers built this. We share no such common ruin
as falls upon a people by consolidation and de-
struction of the principles of liberty contained in
the Constitution, by interference with community
and sorial rights; and we go out ot such a Gov-
ernment whenever it takes that form, in accord-
ance with the Constitution, and in defense of the
principles on which that Constitution rests. We
have warned you for many years that you would
drive us to this alternative, and you would not
heed. I believe that you still look upon it as
a meie passing political move, as a device for
some party end, knowing little of the deep strug-
gle with which we have contemplated this as a
necessity, not as a choice, when we have been
brought to stand before the alternative—the de-
struction of our community independence, or the
destruction of that Union which our fathers made.
You would not heed us. You deemed our warn-
ing to be merely to the end of electing a candidate
for the miserable spoils of office, of which I am
glad to say I represent a people who have had so
little indeed that they have never acquired an
appetite for them. Yet you have believed—not
looking to the great end to which our eyes were
directed—that it was a mere political resort, by
which we would intimidate some of your own
voters. You have turned upon those true friends
of ours at the North who have vindicated the
Constitution, and pointed out to you the danger
of your course, and held them responsible for the
censure you received, as though you had not, in
fact, aggressed. Even at thia^session, after forty
years of debate, you have a#fced us what was the
matter. -
Your platform on which you elected your can-
didate denies us equality. Your votes refuse to
recognize our domestic institutions which preex-
isted the formation of the Union, our property
which was guarded by the Constitution. You re-
fuse us that equality without which we should be
degraded if we remained in the Union. You elect
a candidate upon the basis of sectional hostility;
one who, in bis speeches, now thrown broadcast
over the country, made adistinct declaration of war
upon our institutions. We care not whether that
war be made by armies marching for invasion, or
whether Jt be by proclamation, or whether it be
by indirect and covert process. In both modes,
howcvei, you have declared your hostility. The
leading members of that party, some of them
now before me, making speeches in various por-
tions of the country during the last summer, even
after the election was over, when no purpose of
the canvass remained still to excite them, an-
nouncing the triumph which had been achieved,
as the downfall of our domestic institutions; and
still you ask us to make specifications, to file an
indictment as though we intended to arraign you
before a magistrate's court. Our fathers united
with yours on the basis of equality, and they
were prompted to form a union by the fraternity
which existed between them. Do you admit that
equality > Do you feel that fraternity? Do your
actions show it? They united for the purpose not
only of domestic tranquillity, but for common de-
fense; and the debates in the convention which
formed the Constitution set forth that the navi-
gating and manufacturing interests of one section,
and the better defense in the other, were the two
great objects which drew them together. Are you
willing now tQ fulfill the conditions on which our
fathers agreed to unite?
When you use figurative language, its harsh-
ness indicates the severity of your temper and the
bitterness of your hate. When you talk about
having your heel on the slave power and grind-
ing it into dust; when you talk about the final tri-
umph; when you talk about fohe extinction of sla-
very, an institution with which you have nothing
to do and of which you know nothing, is this the
fraternity, is this the Union, to which we were
invited ? Is that an administration of the Govern-
ment under which we can live in safety? Is this
a condition of things to which men, through whose
veins flows the blood of the Revolution, can stoop
without acknowledging that they had sunk from
their birthright of freedom to become slaves !
I care not to read from your platform; I care
not to read from the speeches of your President
elect. You know them as I do; and the man who
is regarded over this country as the directing in-
tellect of the party to which he belongs, the Sen-
ator from Ne%vYork, [Mr. Seward,] has, with less
harshness of expression than others, hut with
more of method, indicated this same purpose of
deadly hostility in every form in which it could
be portrayed. Did we unite with you in order
that the powers of the General Government should
fcfc used for destroying our domestic institutions?
Do you believe that now, in our increased and
increasing commercial as well as physical power,
we will consent to remain united to a Government
exercised for such a purpose as this?
What boots it to tell me thatno direct act of ag-
gression will be made? I prefer direct to indirect
hostile measures which wilb produce the same re-
sult. I prefer it, as I preferan open to a secret foe.
Is^there a Senator upon the other side who to-day
will agree that we shall have equal enjoyment of
the Territories of the United States ? Is there one
who will deny that we have equally paid in their
purchases, and equally bled in their acquisition in
war ? Then, is this the observance of your com-
pact? Whose is the fault if the Union be dissolved ?
Do you say that there is one of you who contro-
verts either of these positions? Then I ask you,
do you give us justice; do we enjoy equality? If
we are not equals, this is not the Union to which
we were pledged; this is not the Constitution you
have sworn to maintain, nor this the Government
we are bound to support.
There is much, too, which is exceedingly of-
fensive in the speculations you make upon our
servants when you talk about negro insurrection.
Governments have tampered with slaves; bad
men have gone among the ignorant and credulous
people, and incited them to murder and arson; but
of themselves—moving by themselves—I say his-
tory does not chronicle a case of negro insurrec-
tion. San Domingo, so often referred to, and so
little understood, is not a case where black heroes
lose and acquired a Government. It was a ease
in which the French Government, trampling upon
the rights and safety of adistant and feeble colony
by send ing troops among them, brought on a revo-
lution, first of the mulattoes, and afterwards of
the blacks. Their first army was not even able to
effect this. It required a second army, and that
army to be quartered on the plantations; nay,
after all, it required that the master should be ar-
rested on the charge of treason and taken to France,
before the negroes could be aroused to insurrection.
Do you wonder, then, that we pause when wc
see this studied tendency to convert the Govern-
ment into a military despotism? Do you wonder
that we question the right of the President to send
troops to execute the laws wherever he pleases,
when we remember the conduct of France, and
that those troops were sent with like avowal, and
quartered on plantations, and planters arrested
for treason—just such charges as are made to-day
against southern men—and brought away that in-
surrection might be instigated among their slaves?
I seek not to exasperate or intensify the causes
of difficulty. It is needful that we should un-
derstand each other. I thought we had done so
before, and was surprised to hear the question
asked,'4 What is the matter?" The last canvass,
I thought, had expressed the feelings and the
opinions of the southern States. The State, of
Mississippi gave warning in solemn resolutions
passed by her Legislature. Those resolution?
were printed elsewhere, and were generally
known. She declared her purpose to take coun-
sel with her southern sister States whenever a
President should be elected on the basis of sec-
tional hostility to them. With all this warning,
you paused not. The quarrel was not of our
making. Our hands are stainless; you aggressed
upon our rights and our homes, and, under the
will of God, we will defend them.
There is a strange similarity in the position of
affairs at the present day to that which the colo-
nies-occupied. Lord North asserted the right to
collect the revenue, and insisted on collecting it
by force. He sent troops to Boston harbor, and
to Charleston, and he quartered troops in those
towns. The result was, collision, and out of that
collision came the separation of the colonies from
the mother country. The same thing is being
attempted to-day. Not the law, not the civil
magistrate, but troops, are relied upon now to ex-
ecute the laws. To gather taxes in the southern
ports, the Army and Navy must be sent to per-
form the functions of magistrates. It is the old
case over again. Senators of the North, you are
reenactingthe blunders which statesmen in Great
Britain committed; but among you, there are sortie
who, like Chatham and Burke, though not of our
section, yet are vindicating our rights.
I have heard, with some surprise, for it seemed
to me idle, the repetition of the assertion heretofore
made that the cause of the separation was the elec-
