1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
special pleading to avoid the consideration of a
great subject, upon which I desire gentlemen to
take their responsibility and give direct votes. I
apprehend what coarse that will be from "some
gentlemen at any rate, and 1 intend that they shall
come to it.
Sir, I say again, and it is all I can say, and all
that can be said, the order made by the Senate
yesterday was the judgment of the Senate; and the
President of this body has no right whatever to
say that the Senate judged erroneously. That is
the simple question into which this matter resolved
itself.
Mr. President, I do feel very deeply interested
on this subject. It may lead me into errors; I
shall lament them; but I am anxious that the sub-
ject should be fairly considered by the Senate,
and a vote taken upon it. To attempt now, at
this late day, to postpone it, is an attempt to evade
the subject, and to suppress it in the Senate.
Mr. MASON. When this question of order
was first started, I confess I had some difficulty
in the way in which it was presented. The rules
of the Senate certainly require that reports, when
they are made, shall he one day for consideration;
and the rules of the Senate further require that
the rules shall not be changed without one day's
notice. Those considerations, I confess, gave
me some difficulty at first; but after further con-
sideration, I have no difficulty. I can state it to
the Senate in a word. When the Senate makes
a subject a special order for a given hour, it is an
order of the Senate, that when that hour comes,
that subject should be taken up for consideration,
not by a vote, but by virtue of the order. Now,
the Senate yesterday directed that the report of
the committee should be made the special order
atone o'clock. That was an order of the Senate
that it should betaken up when that hour arrived;
but the rules of the Senate deelate that such re-
ports shall lie u day for consideration. Itfollows,
of course, when the Senate made a special order
which the rules of the Senate did not admit of,
and there was no objection to its being made, the
rule was suspended pro hac vice by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. An objection not being
made then, the rule was suspended for the occa-
sion. I think, therefore, the point of order is
not well made.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to say that there
was objection made yesterday, and twenty-one of
us voted against the order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitoii
the chair.) If required to do so, the Chair must
decide the question of order; but he prefers sub-
mitting it to the Senate. Under the 31st rule, the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order at
the hour for which it was set is clear; and that
rule further says:
Anft the Senate shall piocped to consider it, unless it
be postponed by a vote of the Senate.
The Chair prefers to submit the question of
ordr-r to the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Chair state-the ques-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those who
deem it within the rules of the Senate to proceed
to the present consideration of the report of the
select committee, will, as their names arc called,
answer yea;" and those of a contrary opinion
will answer " nay."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is exactly the
question submitted by the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is this: is it within the rules of the Senate to pro-
ceed to consider—the objection oftho Senatorfrom
New Hampshire to the contrary notwithstand-
ing—the report of the select committee
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have felt some
little doubt on this question. / have only heard
a portion of the debate. I wish to know the prop-
.osition distinctly on which I am to vote: for, even
on aii unimportant question, I should be unwill-
ing to set a precedent which would violate those
rules essential to the government of every delib-
erative body, and prevent the tyranny of a mere
ma]onty. As I understand, the Senate yesterday
referred to a select committee the propositions
adopted by what is commonly known as the
peace congress, with instructions to make their
report uy one o'clock to-day;and they have made
that report. If the resolution had stopped there,
I have no doubt that an objection interposed 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to correct the
Senator in a question of fact. The order of the
Senate was to report by twelve o'clock, and it
was made the special order for one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. They were to report by twelve
o'clock, then; and if the order of the Senate had
stopped there, of course an objection would have
postponed its consideration to another day; but
the Senate further, by a vote of yeas and nays,
made the report of the committee the special order
for one o'clock to-day. I have no doubt, there-
fore, th&t-to that extent we have the right to con-
sider the report as the special order made by the
Senate yesterday. It suspends the operation of
the rule to that extent, as regards the special
order. But if it involves also the further question,
I should have grave doubts. The committee re-
port a iesolution,and that stands precisely on the
footing of a bill, m the terms of our rules. That
resolution, under the rules, can be read once to-
day. Can we consider the resolutions to-day, if
objected to ? is a very different question. The re-
port of the committee, I have no doubt, under the
special order of the Senate, we have aright to
consider. Whether we can read the resolutions
a second time, with a view to consideration in
committee, is a very different question; and if my
vote is to be considered as covering that ques-
tion, I should hesitate to vote in favor of it; but I
can vote in favor of consideiing the report of the
committee.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DIXON (when his name was called) said:
I beg leave to say that I think the 31st rule ap-
plies to this case; and I therefore vote "yea."
The 31st rule is as follows:
" When the hour shall luive an ived for the consideration
of a special order, it ^haii be the duty of the Chair to take
u|> «uch special order; and the Senate shali pioeeed to con-
sider it, unless it bo postponed by vote of the Senate "
The result was then announced—yeas 2G, nays
23; as follows:
YEAj^ — Baker, Bayard, Bigler, Brags, Blight,
Clinsmail, Cuttcnden, Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, G\vm, Hun-
ter, Jolm-nn of Arkansas, Johnson ol'Tennessee. Kennedy,
Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Polk, Powell,
Rice, Sebastian, Thomson, and Wigfali—26.
NAYS—Meb*r*. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collaincr, Dooliuie, Dmkee, Feosenden, foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harian, Kinc, Morrill, Sewaid, Simmons,
Sumnei, Ton Eyck, Tiunibuil, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—23.
So the Senate decided that it was in order to
consider the report.
Mr. HALE. I rise to another point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire rises to another point of
order; which he will state.
Mr. HALE. It is under the same rule:
'• And all 1 evolutions pioposuiti amendments to the Oon-
stilntmn, or to which the nppiobation and signature of the
Piesident may be requested, oi which may sjrant money
outot the contingent 01 any other fund, shall he treated
111 all respects, in the intioduction andfoim of proceeding
on them, in the Senate, ill a similar manner with 1
And bills ran only be read once in one day,
without unanimous consent. I object to this res-
olution having- more than one reading' to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tlfe resolution
has not been read at all. The objeedon, theie-
forc, is premature. The resolution has not been
read; but merely repoited from the committee.
Mr.LATHAM. Before discussion commences
on those resolutions, I move that the amendment
which was offered this morning from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads as an
amendment to the appropriation bill be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the Senator's motion, and
the order will be entered. The ]omt resolution
(S. No. 70) propo.Mii? certain amendments to the
Constitution of the United States is now before
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I object to its second reading
to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I presume there is no neces-
sity to read it a second time. Debate can go on
after one reading; and that objection, therefore,
does not set it aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
deems the resolution open to debate on the first
reading. The question is: "Shall the resolution i
be read a second time >" I
Mr. SUMNER The question that has just j
been stated cannot come tip to-day. Shall it be
read a second time ? That is a question for to-
morrow. ' j
Mr. BIGLER. The whole subject in reference
to the proposed amendments to the Constitution
is now before tie Senate, and open for considera-
tion and debate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I wish to
know what is now the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made to the second reading of the resolution. It
is before the Senate, however, and open to debate.
It cannot be read a second time to-day under the
objection.
Mr. HALE. There is one question under the
26th rule, to which I have called the attention of
the Chair, that this resolution should be treated
as a bill. Then the 25th rule is in these words:
" One day's notice, at least, shall be given of an intended
motion for leave to bring in a bill; and all bills reported by
a committee shall, after the first reading, be printedfor the
use of the Senate."
I want that rule executed before we proceed to
the consideration of this resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. You may debate a bill on the
first reading, because the question of rejection
might come up on that. There is another reason
why this open to debate; and that is, it is on a
report of a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided that the resolution is before the Senate,
and open to debate. The proposed amendments
were ordered to be printed yesterday for the' use
of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the application of almost all rules depends
upon the question before us. Now, what is the
question before the Senate at this moment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is properly upon the second reading of the joint
resolution. An objection to its second reading
the Chair does not "deem as precluding debate.
Mr. HALE. The question is, "Shall the joint
resolution be read a second time ?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. COLLAMER. Whether it shall be read
a second time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. And the objection is, that
that cannot be taken to-day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire objects to taking that ques-
tion to-day. Under the rules, objection being
made, it cannot be taken to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that question cannot be
taken to-day, then I submit whether it is open to
debate to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand thatthis
question is now open for debate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution is before the Senate, and open to debate.
Mr. BIGLER. Why, Mr. President—if the
Senate will allowme—who ever heard, when a bill
was pending, of a question being raised whether
it would be voted on that day,in advance? Who
precludes a discussion on an amendment because,
possibly, the bill may not be read a second
time ?
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand th'e Senator
from Pennsylvania to appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. GRIMES. Then what question is before
us ?
Mr. BIGLER. The question has been decided
that it is open for consideration and debate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is talking on the
general question. Go ahead, then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution reported from the select committee is be-
fore the Senate. Objection being made to its sec-
ond reading, unless it is desired to debate it, it
will he over until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Let it lie over.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does the Chair recom-
mend that it lie over until to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must neces-
sarily lie over until to-morrow, objection being
made to its second reading to-day, unless it is
| desired to debate it. The subject is before the
j Senate, and open to debate; but no motion can be
