314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
up, I will say a few words ill regard to that.^ Iti
the speech accompanying it, he speaks of it as
similar to the Missouri compromise. A great
misapprehension is made to prevail in the country
in regard either to the Missouri compromise or
the Senator's propositions. I see it stated in the
newspapers that the Senator from Kentucky (and
I am sorry he is not here) proposes to restore the
Missouri compromise, and that that will give
peace to the country, and we are asked, now,
why can,you not assent to the Missouri compro-
mise? You objected to its repeal, why not re-
store it? I tell the Senator from Kentucky I will
agree to the Missouri compromise to-morrow. I
am quite willing that you should reenact the Mis-
souri compromise justas was, in totidemverbis—in
the very words iti which it was enacted in 1820.
What was it? That in all the territory which we
acquired from Prance lying north of 36° 30' north
latitude, and not embraced in the State of Mis-
souri, heither slavery or involuntary servitude
should ever exist. I am willing to vote for that
to-morrow if it will be at all gratifying to my
friend from Kentucky. The effect of that would
be, to do what? To exclude slavery from Kansas
and Nebraska. That is all. That is the Mis-
souri compromise; and if you want to reenact it,
I will vote for it; you may copy the words from
the statute of 1820.
But, sir, that is a very different proposition
from the one which the Senator from Kentucky
has made. His proposition is to run a line
through other territory. That is a different ques-
tion. Because two individuals who have had a
dispute about a quarter section of land, have, in
a spirit of compromise, divided it by a particular
line of latitude, it does not follow that tliey must
divide all other lands which they may afterwards
acquire, by the same parallel of latitude. It is
a very different question. The Senator's propo-
osition is very different in another respect. The
Missouri compromise did not establish slavery
south of the line of 36° 30' north latitude. Itsaid
nothing about it. It prohibited slavery north of
tha'tline. The Senator from Kentucky proposes,
by the Constitution, to recognize and establish
slavery south of 30° 30'. That is a very different
thing from the Missouri compromise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There was another
compromise, if you recollect. This territory did
not belong to the United States at the time of the
Missouri compromise; but it did belong to the
United States at the time of the compromise of
1850. By the compromise of 1850, a power was,
in substaricc, given to the Legislature of New
Mexico to establish slavery. In the exercise of
that puwer, she has established it; and it exists
there now. My resolution only proposes that
you shall recognize the existing and indisputable
fact of lis existence; and to assume that status as
the status that is to continue until it becomes a
State; and then the people arc to decide for them-
selves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, why does
the Senator from Kentucky want to interfere with
the compromises of 1850? They were passed to
give peace to the country. We Republicans arc
not proposing to disturb them. Why does he
not stand by those compromises ? He says au-
thority was given to the people of New Mexico,
under the compromise of 1850, to establish sla-
very if they wanted to. Well, authority was given
them to repeal the law establishing it if they
wanted to do so; was it not? Why does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky want to take away fiomthe
people eff New Mexico the power to repeal the
law establishing slavery if they think proper to
do so ? Why does he want to overturn the com-
promise of 1850? The Republican party are not
proposing it.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask one question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. It is this: if the compromise of
1820 was designed to be fair and equal; if it pro-
hibited slavery on one side of the line, did it not
recognize it on the other; and if it did not, was it
not unfair and unequal ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not say anything
about it oil the other.
Mr. GREEN. Did it not recognize it >
Mr. TRUMBULL. It neither recognized nor
prohibited it; and it was not unfair and unequal,
for this reason: the State of Missouri at that time
was knocking for admission into the Union, and
a great controversy then existed as to whether
Missouri should come into the Union as a slave
State. That controversy was settled by allowing
her to come in as a slave State, on condition that
in the rest of the territory acquired from Louis-
iana, lying north of 36° 30' of north latitude, and
not e'mbraced within the limits of Missouri, sla-
very should never go. That was the contract,
and that was the contract which was violated in
1854; which violation has occasioned a great deal
of the difficulty we have had in the country since
that time.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me?
Up to 1854, I understand (I may be mistaken;
and if I am mistaken I am willing to bo corrected)
that the Senator cooperated with me and my party.
If we restore that compromise in its original terms,
will he come back and be with us again?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, Senators
on the other side have a strange way of putting
questions and stating positions. They talk about
the United States making civil war on a State,
when a State makes the war on the United States.
Mr. GREEN. I am not talkingabout civil war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri wants to know if I will come back to the
Democratic party. Why, sir, I will allow him
to come back to the Democratic party. That is
it. You may come back, and I will recognize you
in good fellowship with the old Democracy, if
you will come back and stand on its old platform.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois give way to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes sir; I will hear the
Senator.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will'go exactly
whore he stood in 1854, according to bis own
words, and his own honor, I will meet him. Will
yon come there? [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will. 1 am glad we are
getting together. I will say to the Senator from
Missouri to-day, introduce your pioposition to
restore the Missouri compromise just as it stood
in 1854, and I will stand by the compromises of
1850.
Mr. GREEN. That will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask why are they dis-
turbed, what is the occasion of all this uproar in
the country, and why is it laid at the door of the
Republican party? Why is the Senator from
Kentucky seeking to overturn the compromises
of 1850 ? Why may we not stand right by them ?
Why any new legislation; why any proposition
to amend the Constitution; why not stand upon
the great, settlement made in 1850, and not attempt
to introduce n provision hero to establish slavery
south of a certain line, which that compromise
did not do? When, at that time, a proposition
was mtjde in the Senate Chamber to extend sla-
very, a distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
now deceased, uttered a sentiment which alone
should make him immortal. lie said that lie never
would, and no human power ever should compel
him to vote to extend slavery over one foot of
territory then free. I regret I have to say that
the distinguished Senator now representing Ken-
tucky proposes to do that very thing which the
immortal Clay declared that no power under God
could ever induce him to do.
\\liy, may we not, then, settle this matter?
Let ybjir new legislation go; abandon your prop-
ositions' of compromise by amendments to the
Constitution, and your appeals to the Republican
party to do something, as if they had power to
do anything. They have not had control of this
Government. The South have had the entire
control of the Government. They have made
all the laws, and made them to suit themselves.
What are they complaining of? Why is it that
the Government is to be dissolved, and civil war
inaugurated ? We will stand by the compromises
as they were made. We are not proposing to
change them. Under the compromise of 1850^—
1 wish this to be borne in mind—territorial legis-
lation was left subject to the action of Congress;
and if it b<? true, as the Senator from Kentucky
insists, that New Mexico was authorized by the
organic act to establish slavery, it is also true
that all laws passed by her Legislative Assembly
were required to be submitted to Congress; and
if disapproved, were null and of no effect.
I did" not propose, when I rose, to enter into a
discussion of the amendments to the Constitution
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky. There
are many objections to them, besides the fact that
they establish slavery. The proposition is to
amend the Constitution in an unconstitutional
way—not to submit amendments to the Constitu-
tion according to the terms of the instrument itself,
which declares that "Congress, whenever two
thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary,
shall propose amendments to this Constitution."
But the Senator from Kentucky seeks to propose
amendments to the Constitution by a majority
vote; and he says in his remarks that is not for-
bidden by the Constitution. Sir, it is forbidden
by the Constitution; for I take it that when the
Constitution provides a particular way in which
amendments may be proposed, that very fact pre-
cludes the idea that you can propose them in any
other way. There are two ways provided—one
is by the action of two thirds of both Houses of
Congress, and the other is "on the application of
the Legislatures of two thirds of the several
States," Congress is required to "call a conven-
tion for proposing amendments, which, in either
case, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes,
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States,
or by conventions in three fourths thereof,as one
or the other mode of ratification may be proposed
by the Congress."
The Senator from Kentucky proposes to sub-
mit amendments to the Constitution in a third
way—by a majority vote—and lie says that is not
forbidden. Why, sir, I think the pointing out of
the S[$^cUic ways by which the Constitution may
be ameWied, as effectually precludes the idea that
you can amend it in any other way, as if it were
so expressed in so many words.
Now, sir, my idea of preserving the peace of this
country, and of the duty which is devolved upon
us here, is not that we should yield, as the Sen-
ator from Mississippi suggests, to the threats and
demands of States which say that they want no
compromise, and want no concessions, and are
determined to set up for themselves, and expel
the Federal Government from their borders; but
that we should rally around the Constitution, and
enforce the laws under it; and then, not when
States come here threatening civil war, not when
our vessels are fired into, not when our forts arc
taken possession of, but when the States all ac-
knowledge themselves within the Union, and
under the Constitution, if there arc any griev-
ances, let them be removed. Then, if there is any
thing wrong in the Constitution, let us amend it
according to the mode provided in the instrument.
I do not believe that wo shall better the Constitu-
tion by any amendment which may be made to it.
1 do not believe there is any cause for these
complaints in the South. I do not believe there
is any intention on the part of the incoming Ad-
ministration, or of its friends anywhere, to make
slaves of the southern people, or to interfere in
any manner with their rights. We have said this
over and over again; and yet the complaint is
made that wo are for encroaching upon their rights,
and they talk of defending themselves against en-
croachments. Why, sir, we do not propose to
make any encroachment. Some complain about
the fugitive slave law. Let me say to southern
Senators, that the fugitive slave law would prob-
ably be enforced with greater certainty under the
administration of Mr. Lincoln than under the ad-
ministration of either Buchanan or Pierce; and
why? Because that fugitive slave law is an obnox-
ious law to the sentiment of the North, to begin
with. Then, under the present Administration,
it has been enforced in an obnoxious manner;
officers whs were obnoxious to a great majority
of the northern people, are charged with its en-
forcement; and hence there is much greater diffi-
culty in enforcing it than there would be under
an Administration of a different character.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him onequcstion? If,under the present law,
the commissioners appointed by law should call
upon him, as a part of the posse comitatus, to ar-
rest a fugitive slave or deliver him to his owner,
would he yield obedience to it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am glad that the Sen-
