1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
put on the joint resolution for ita second reading,
objection being made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will it come up to-
morrow at any particular hour ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion of
the Chair is, that by lying over until to-morrow,
it loses its character as a special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will move, then, as
that seems to be the disposition of the Chair and
other members around me, to make it the special
order for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. In the argument on this subject,
it. was suggested by some Senator on the other
side that we were precluded from availing our-
selves of the right which the rules give us, be-
cause yesterday we did not object to its being
made the special order, and a special order over-
rode the rules. I now rise to give notice that I
do not yield any rights under the rules, but shall
claim them, and do not choose to be overridden
by a mere majority of the Senate, if I can help it.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the resolution
has been read once to-day, and I hope the motion
will be sustained, because then it will come up
for a second reading to-morrow and on the sec-
ond reading we can consider it as in Committee
of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to have the joint resolution I intro-
duced this morning receive its first reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
must first move to bring it before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to introduce that
joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
The joint resolution (S. No. 71) concerning a
national convention to propose amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, was read
the first time by it$ title.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask for its second reading,
if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE, Mr. SUMNER, and others, ob-
jected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is the objection to the recep-
tion of the resolution ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; the objection is to
its second reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That subject
will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senate will allow
me to offer my resolution as a substitute for the
other one, and that will bring it up to-morrow as
a part of the special order.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senate gives no such as-
sent. It is the right of the Senator to offer it.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I offer it as a substitute.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The subject is not before the
Senate, so the Senator cannot offer it. It will be
in order to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order for the Senator to offer it to-morrow. It is
not in order now.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT KULES.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 wish to make a motion that
it is proper should be made to-day, and which is
always in order. I move to suspend the lGth and
17th joint rules of the two Houses.
Mr. H-4LE. I ask that there may be a little
order in the Senate. I should like to hear, if pos-
sible, what is going on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
feel very much indebted to the Senator from New
Hampshire if lie will aid him m procuring order.
Mr. HALE. All I can do is to keep still myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is too
much confusion in the Senate Chamber. Nothing
can be heard by the Chair or by the Clerks.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Piesidenl, the 16th joint
rule provides that—
<{ No bill that shall have pa^cd one Houpo shall be sent
for concurrenco to the other on either of the Ian three days
of the session."
It is necessary to suspend that rule, as also the
17th joint rule; and it is proper that the motion
should be made now. The Chair will remember,
I presume, that that motion is always in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland moves the suspension of the lGth
and 17th joint rules of the two Houses.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to say that
it would lie better to let this motion go over until
to-morrow. It can then be acted on. I prefer
that it should take that course.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whether it re-
quires a day's notice to suspend these rules. If
it does, the Senator's objection is sufficient.
Mr. BIGLER. The rule is general.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a rule of the Senate
that it is always in order to move a suspension of
these rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single ob-
jection does not prevent action upon a motion to
suspend those rules. The motion of the. Sena-
tor from Maryland is in order. The Secretary
will read the rules to be suspended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" 16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall be
sent for concurrence to the other on either of the last three
days of the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate shall be presented to the
President of the United States, for his approbation, on the
last day of the session."
i( By the 26th rule of the Senate: A motion to suspend, 01
to concur in a resolution of House of Representatives to
suspend the 16th or 17th joint rules, or either of them, shall
always be in order, immediately considered, and decided
without debate."
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would it be in order to
modify the motion so as to limit it to particular
classes of bills; for example: the regular appro-
priation bills and private bills I have no objection
to, or the subject of which the Senator from Ken-
tucky has charge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the rules must be suspended fully or en-
forced fully. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Maryland.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 80) to
amend the Constitution of the United States, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice
President:
A bill (H. R. No. 999) to amend an act sup-
plementary to an act approved March 3, 1855,
"to otganizo un institution for the insane of the
Army and Navy of the District of Columbia, in
said District," approved February 7, 1857; and
A bill (II. R. No. 950) in relation to the postal
service.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved ant} signed an act (S. No. 366) to provide
a temporary government for the Territory of
Colorado.
* ' COALE AND BAKU.
Mr. MASON. As it is & matter of great in-
terest to one of my constituents, 1 ask the kind-
ness of the Senate to take up House bill No. 576.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 57G) for the relief of Messrs.
Coale &. Barr. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Messrs. Coale & Barr the sum
of $204, in full payment for publishing the laws
of the second session of the Thirty-Second Con-
gress in the Abingdon Virginian.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GREENBERRY M. WATKINS.
Mr. PEARCE. I now ask the Senate to re-
sume the consideration of the post office appro-
priation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That subject
is before the Senate, unless some motion is inter-
posed, and the Senate will resume the considera-
tion of the bill on which proceedings were sus-
pended at one o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a report. I am directed by
the Committee on Public Lands to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of Green-
berry M. Watkins, of Montgomery county, Mary-
land, and they have instructed me to ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put it on its
Mr. PEARCE. I must object to the interjec-
tion of these bills. There is a bill pending before
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal to the Senator from
Maryland in behalf of one of his own constit-
uents. It will involve no debate, and appropri-
ates no money; but enables the Commissioner of
the General Xand Office to give a deed to land
purchased by one of his constituents.
Mr. PEARCE. That is a very touching ap-
peal, and I yield only because the Senator from
California, who is at my side, [Mr. Latham,]
is not quite ready to proceed, but will be m a
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Maryland to withdraw
his objection, and the bill is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 997) for
the relief of Greenberry M. Watkins, of Mont-
gomery county, Maryland. It authorizes the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to can-
cel the patent issued in the name of Thomas Stew-
art for the northeast quarter of section twenty-
five, in township eight, of range nineteen, in the
district of lands subject to sale at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kansas, bearing date the 1st of October,
1858, and numbered one hundred and ninety-
eight, and the Commissioner is also authorized
to issue a patent for that quarter section to Green-
berry M. Watkins, of Montgomery county,
Maryland, as the assignee of Stewart.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ILLINOIS AND INDIANA LAND FUND.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
House bill No. 103, entitled an act authorizing
the payment of the two per cent, land fund to
which the States of Indiana and Illinois are en-
titled for road purposes to said States, to report
the same back with an amendment. The com-
mittee were unable to comply with the instruc-
tions of the Senate, as to reporting whether the
State of Indiana was responsible. They could
only propose an amendment, which leaves the
adjustment of this question before the proper au-
thorities when it is brought up. I am further
instructed to ask for the present consideration of
the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered to-day.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate suspend
all prior orders, with a view to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The responses
of Senators cannot be heard. Better order must
be preserved. The Chair will feel it his duty
to call upon the Sergeant-at-Arms to ascertain
whether there are not those on the floor who are
not entitled, unless better order is preserved.
Mr. THOMSON (when his name was called)
said: 1 intended to vote for,and am very anxious
to have, an executive session; but I have been re-
minded by a Senator that I had agreed to pair off
on party questions with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron*,] who is absent. I did
not myself consider, nor do I now consider, that
goingmtoexecutive session is a party or apolitical
question at all; but that there may be no misun-
derstanding of it on the part of gentlemen on the
other side, I decline voting.
The result was then announced—yeas 24, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Blight,Clingman,
Crittenden, Fitch, Green, Gwm, Hemphill, Hunter, John-
sou of Aikansas, Kennedy, Lane, Latham. Mason, Nich-
olson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, and
Wigrall—21.
NAYs?—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bin?ham, Chandler,.
Claik; Oollamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Darken, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grnno, Hale, Ilarlan. King, Moirill, Sow-
aid, Simmon'*, Sumner, TenEyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, aud Wilbon—25.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
