1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
971) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin.]
Mr. LATHAM. I believe that I am entitled
to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is entitled to the floor on that question.
Mr. LATHAM. When I was interrupted by
the special order, I was saying, or intended to
say—perhaps I did not make myself as clearly
understood as I wished—that, under the second
provision modifying the eighteenth section of the
House amendments to the post route bill, if the
way-mail matter exceeded a thousand pounds per
day, as it would oftentimes, then there was no
provision by which it could be carried. For in-
stance, Kansas is now admitted as a State. She
will have two Senators and two Representatives;
four members of Congress in all. Salt Lake has
a Delegate; which will make five. Nevada and
Colorado will each'have a Delegate; making seven.
There are seven members of Congress entitled to
the franking privilege, whose mail matter during
the session of Congress, public documents, &c.,
have got to be carried over this central line. They
cannot be sent by sea; and therefore, under the
last proviso, as it was adopted, this modification
does not apply, the contractors not being required
to carry more than the newspaper mail by the
twenty-days schedule, and only to the extent of
a thousand pounds a day. There is no provision
in the committee's amendment by means of which
they are to be paid for carrying the excess of one
thousand pounds.
Mr. GVVIN. My colleague will permit me to
say, that by the law that has passed, the whole
way mail is to be carried, by these contractors,
twice a week to Salt Lake City, and twice a week
to Denver City. That being the existing law,
that being part of the way mail which they are
compelled to carry, anyhow, they being required
to carry all the mail matter that leaves the Mis-
souri river for intermediate points, and to send
any overplus, beyond a thousand pounds, by the
ocean route, the amendment was so drawn ift
to provide that the entire way mail for Denver
City, for Salt Lake City, and for Washoe, shall
be carried by the contractors semi-weekly. The
intention of the committee is, that all the way
matter, and all the connecting mails, from the
Missouri river to Placerville, California, shall be
carried six times a week, and the only matter that
is to be sent by sea, is that which is to go from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. If there is any defect
in the amendment, I will accept any amendment
proposed by my colleague, which will make it
perfectly clear, the object being simply to carry
the printed matter and the newspaper matter from
New York to San Francisco by sea, and the way
matter is to be carried overland.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator has given the
reason distinctly why I prefer the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts, because it is
clear, emphatic, and explicit. There is no am-
biguity about it. It leaves nothing to the respons-
ibility of the Postmaster General. It does not
leave any discrimination as to pounds. It does
nothing but make one simple, absolute contract;
and if 1 could agree to it all, and was compelled
to modify and adopt this proposition to meet the
views expressed by my colleague, it would sim-
ply be to have two propositions: one providing
for carrying the iymiI from New York to San
Francisco by steamship at a rate not exceed-
ing $350,000 a year, and the other providing for a
letter mail across the continent for §650,000, sub-
ject to such provisions as would be compatible
with the eighteenth section of the amendments
adopted on the post route bill. But, as I said be-
fore, I prefer the amendment offered by the Sen-
atorfrom Massachusetts, because itdoes notleave
it discretionary; it does not leave it in the power
of anybody to increase or decrease the mails be-
tween the Atlantic and the Pacific, except what
they legitimately are. It makes an absolute con-
tract; and whether that mail matter run up to
sixty tons per month, or one hundred tons, it is
not a question for the Government, because the
contractors are bound to carry it all, whatever it
may be. I say I will never vote for any proposi-
tion which is not explicit, and done in a business-
like way as between the Government and the con-
tractors. That, I conceive, the proposition of the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts does. Itsjjrcply gives
$1,150,000 a year to the Butterfield contractors to
move their line up on to the central route and per-
form the service. It gives them the privilege of
using steamship service, if they want to do it at
theirown cost and expense; but they have to carry
all newspapers and printed matter within a certain
number of days specified in the amendment.
There is no doubt as regards what they have to
do; no question of dispute can arise as between
them and the Government, and the service is also
obtained at a reduced cost.
Now, I want to say a word to my friend from
New Hampshire. He seems to think that this
Butterfield contract has terminated; that it is ex-
tinguished. Why, sir, such is not the case. It
is true, there has been a temporary suspension for
one or two trips, from causes that they cannot
control. The Indians will interrupt this northern
route the same way. They will interrupt any
route, establish it where you may. They will in-
terrupt any route whenever they find they have
a good opportunity of doing so They have in-
terrupted this route before. They have destroyed
stations, and killed animals and killed men; but
these contractors have been so persevering that
they have fortunately succeeded in getting the
mail through every trip within the schedule time
fixed by law. It is true they have, within the last
few weeks, in consequence of a disturbance exist-
ing among the Apaches, been unable to comply
with the terms of the contract; but the Senator
from New Hampshire may rely upon it, that that
contract will continue and the service be performed
until stopped by Congress. There may be atem-
porary suspension now and then; but the general
mail scrvice will be perfomied until Congress
abolishes the contract entirely.
Another objection raised to this proposition is,
that it requires the printed matter to be carried in
thirty-five days. Let me say to the Senate that
there has not been a single proposition yet sub-
mitted modifying or changing this service, that I
have read, which has not proposed to give the
contractors over the continent the privilege of
sending the public documents, the heavy printed
matter, in thirty-five days. It is of very little dif-
ference to the people of the Pacific coast whether
they get Patent Office Reports, Congressional
Globes, &c.,in twenty-one, twenty-five, or thirty-
five days; and, if it is any advanlage to the con-
tractors, we are willing to give them the longer
time in which to carry this matter. My colleague,
in all the amendments which he has offered, has
had a similar provision. In the amendment which
he proposed the other day, as an amendment to
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
New York,he provided:
" That *aut contractors be required to carry the res-
idue of all maii mattei in a period not exceeding thirty-five
days, Willi the privilege of bendm? the latter semi-monthly
tiom New York to San Francisco by sea."
Mr.GWIN. All those amendments were based
upon the amendment of the House of Represen-
tatives that came to us to the post route bill. In-
asmuch as that House had deliberately acted and
sent to us those amendments, I proposed to allow
thirty-five days for carrying the printed matter.
I stated that provision in my speech the other
day, as an objection to the House bill; but I took
that bill because I could get no better. I have al-
ways preferred that the printed matter should be
carried tri-monthly by the ocean line, rather than
across the continent in thirty-five days.
Mr. LATHAM. I so understand the Senator;
but I also understood that, in the propositions
which he read the other day in his remarks as
pending before the Post Office Committee, that
the entire service was to be given to the overland
mail contractors; and there was also a provision
allowing them to send printed matter in thirty-
five days. Am I not correct in that.
Mr. GWIN. Because it was on the basis that
came to us from the House of Representatives.
We wanted to conform as nearly as possible to
the action of the House, so as to get their con-
currence in what we might do.
Mr. LATHAM. It is in thelaw that the Sen-
ate passed the other day, as my colleague has
correctly stated, and therefore I am perfectly will-
ing to accept any proposition of this kind that
requires the heavy printed matter to be carried
by sea in thirty-five days, because 1 regard it, as
I have said—and the people there will regard it—
as very immaterial whether they get these heavy
documents in twenty-five or thirty-five days.
My colleague -says there are other claimants
besides the Butterfield-company; and he alludes
to the gentlemen who arc doing service over the
central line. I recognize their right, and I recog-
nize the great service they have done for the Gov-
ernment; but their contract expires on the 30th of
June, the very day that this new service is to go
into operation. This service is to commence,
under any of the bills, at the time their contract
expires, and hence they can have no claim for
damages against the Government; and in order
that there might be no question as to these per-
sons coming to the Government for damages, I
understand that the Butterfield company have
agreed to take the stock belonging to the contract-
ors on that line, according to an appraised price,
so that there can be no cause of complaint. The
present contractors running that service have sig-
nified an unwillingness to carry this mail matter
at the rate of $1,000,000. I refer to Mr. Russell,
or the California and Pike's Peak Express Com-
pany, as it is usually denominated,of whichheis
the president. Therefore I do not see that any
injury can be done to them.
in the next place, what are the damages these
men must sustain? My colleague says it will take
them four months to go up there. They have the
months of March, April, May, and June, four
months it is true; and during all this time there
is no interruption of service, because we have al-
ready provided that the mails shall be carried be-
tween San Francisco and New York by sea, and
the people there cannot suffer. The expenses of
these men will go on; and, whether they are to
continue the mail on the present route up to the
30th of June or not, their expenses remain the
same; and therefore, under these circumstances,
they would be justly entitled while they are trans-
ferring their line from one to the other route to
be paid, inasmuch as their expenses continue.
The $100,000, which I regard as the only sum the
Government pays to them in the way of dam-
ages, is imply in liquidation of that property
which they are compelled to abandon, and which
must necessarily be destroyed.
These are some of the ideas that occurred tp me
in listening to the debate on this question; and I
say to the Senate that, if there is to be a consoli-
dation of these lines; if Congress must have sup-
plemental legislation, remedying the defects of the
post route bill, and reducing the expenditures, I
want that legislation to be direct, explicit, and
positive. I want, while they are supplying the
defects of the present system, they will, at the
same time, do justice to those gentlemen who have
performed the service up to this time, and who
will continue to perform it so long as it is in their
power, and until the contract be repealed. I do
not think it right that they should be compelled
to go before Congress and petition for damages,
or go before the Court of Claims. I think they
have priority of claim upon this Government.
They have performed their service and performed
it well; and it has been the only continuous, unin-
terrupted overland line of mail service we have
ever had since the overland service commenced:
They certainly have some claims upon that ac-
count. They interfere with nobody upon the cen-
tral line. They have a legislative contract, which
the Senator from New Hampshire dwells upon so
much-, I ask if it is not better to transfer the con-
tractors up to the central line? It is doing jus-
tice, while, at the same time, it reduces the clear,
positive expenses at the rate of $280,000 per
annum.
Mr. GWIN. In regard to the criticisms about
the wording of this amendment, I do not consider
them of any consequence. The Senator can so
alter it that it shall be distinctly understood. I
have stated most explicitly that my object, and
that of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, is to have the heavy printed matter car-
ried by the ocean line, three times a month. I
understand my colleague to be opposed to that.
Did I understand him correctly?
