1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. LATHAM. No, sir; I am not opposed
to that.
Mr.GWIN. Then we do not differ at all upon
that point.
Mr. LATHAM. We differ to this extent, that
I want whatever contract is made relative to car-
rying this heavy matter by sea, to be subordinate
to the contract for service across the country; and
if these gentlemen are capable of carrying the en-
tire matter, I want them to do it; and I do not
want a positive contract with steamships because
I want, if possible, to get rid of the steamship
mail service.
Mr. GWIN. I want the subordination, and I
want to leave the matter entirely under the Post-
master General. I want him to have the power
in his own hands to carry this mail, as long as the
public interest may be promoted by it, three times
a month, at a cost not exceeding §350,000 a year,
from New York to San Francisco; and that all the
way mails and the letters shall be carried six times
a week across the continent in twenty days. The
only point of difference between my colleague and
myself at last is, whether we shall pay $1,150,000
for this service, or $1,000,000. I say it can be done
fur $1,000,000; and I intend to offer an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, providing that these contractors shall have
but $1,000,000, instead of $1,150,000, as he pro-
poses. I know the service can be performed profit-
ably and properly for that sum of money.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose the'proposition
to put it at $1,000,000 should be adopted, what
provision do you make about settling with the
Butterfield contractors r
Mr. GWIN. That comes in as a subsequent
section, which was read from the chair when the
Senator was not in his place. We propose to give
them damages.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much ?
Mr. GWIN. The amount is left blank, to be
filled by the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then that does not settle
anything;.
Mr. GWIN. The committee rather preferred
$300,000; but I think they would be willing to
give $400,000.
Mr. HALE. In answer to the question of the
Senator from Vermont, I will say that $300,000
was the sum that was named; but if we give them
$400,000 we shall be better off than if we continue
the contract. I would rather give them $400,000
than continue the contract, because if we do not
do that, wc shall have to pay the whole $600,000
a year, and get nothing. Wc had better pay
$>400,000, and get rid of them, than give them
$600,000 a year for three years to come, with
nothing to us.
Mr. COLLAMER. This la&t proposition of
the Post Office Committee has not been printed,
and I have not had an opportunity to read it and
understand it.
Mr. GWIN. T was going on to observe that
the amendment of the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts proposes to give, as liquidated damages,
$100,000, and besides, to allow these contractors
their mail pay for four months, amounting, to-
gether, to $200,000. I did not object to that; but
1 showed that that was enough. I thought it was
enough to give Ihem $100,000 damages, and four
months'pay, when they performed no scrvicc,
and carried no mail. 1 aid not say wc should
not have a mail by the ocean lino. 1 know that
very well: but the Butterfield contractor would
carry no mail for four months, and yet fret $50,000
a month; and I say that is enough. That gives
them everything they should ask. After getting
that, they ought to be willing to carry the mail four
years as low as other people can carry it for; and
I know it can be done for $1,000,000 a year. The
difference between my colleague and myself, at
last, is, whether the mad shall be earned for
$1,000,000, or $1,150,000.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution, which can lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us hear what it is, to
sep whether we will give consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will be read for information.
Mr. BIGLER. I have a right to offer it. It
is only because a bill is up that I ask consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the 26th rule of the Senate be suspended
so far as it may affect bills or joint resolutions of the Sen-
ate or Ilouse of Representatives proposing, or providing
for, or relating to, amendments to the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. HALE. I object to its reception.
ThcPRESIDINGOFFICER. Objection being
made, it lies over.
Mr. HALE. I objected to its being received
at all.
Mr. BIGLER. I will offer it when I get the
floor. The only reason I want consent is be-
cause this appropriation bill is pending.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts by striking
out " §1,150,000," and inserting " $1,000,000."
The PRESIDING* OFFICER. The Senator
from California, perhaps, is not aware that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. GWIN. It is a substitute for mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, and the
words to be stricken out may be amended.
Mr.GWIN. I move to strike out "eleven
hundied and fifty thousand," and insert "one
million" in the thirty-third line of the first sec-
tion of the amendment; and in the twelfth line of
the second section, to make the same change; my
object being to fix the maximum for this service
at $1,000,000, no matter who docs it.
Mr. WILSON. I think my amendment is not
amendable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from California to be pro-
posing to amend his own amendment. If he
proposes to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, it is not in order.
Mr.GWIN. What is the decision of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
amendment to the matter proposed to be inserted
by the Senator from Massachusetts is not in order.
It is in order for him to amend his own amend-
ment, which the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to strike out.
Mr. GWIN. Can I not perfect the substitute,
as well as the original amendment, before the vote
is taken on either?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until it be,
adopted.
Mr. GWIN. Will it then be opeft to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I never understood it so; but if
the Chair stands by that, I will move my amend-
ment after it is adopted; but I hope it will not be
adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, by striking
it all out after the cnacting clause and inserting
other matter. The Chair supposed the Senator
from California to be offering an amendment to
his own amendment, namely, an amendment to
the matter to be stricken out. As an amendment
to what the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
to insert, it will not bo in order until after that be
adopted. It will then be open to amendment.
Mr. GWIN. "Very well, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I would most cheerfully accept
the Amendment proposed by the Senator from
California to my amendment, if I believed rhaf for
$1,000,000 a year we could secure the performance
of this service. What I am desirous of doing is
to simplify this whole matter, to get rid of the
Butterfield line, to transfer those contractors to the
central line, and to have a daily overland mail to
California. #
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to inquire if his proposition
ib the amendment that was proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] and printed
some days ago ?
Mr. WILSON. Substantially that, with some
modifications. We have desired, for along time,
to get rid of the Butterfield line, and to have a
central daily line. Now there is an opportunity
to do so, and I believe this to be the most simple,
clear, positive, and economical mode of doing it;
and I think it is the only certain way in winch
we can do it. I am not sure that, if the amend-
ment moved by the Senator fiom California be
adopted, we shall obtain what we desire to ob-
tain. I am told that $1,150,000 will be the proper
compensation for this service. If I supposed it
could be done for §1,000,000,1 should certainly
go for that limitation most cheerfully; but if the
Butterfield contractors should not accept that
proposition, if we should reduce the amount so
low that they would not accept it, then we shall
have to pay them damages, and we do not know
how much those damages will be. The Senator
from New Hampshire told us that last year he
was ready to pay them one year's compensation—
$637,000—as damages. If he was ready to pay
that amount last year, why not now make an
arrangement with these parties that will be satis-
factory; that will cost no more money than it
would to pay them damages ?
I shall modify my own proposition at the re-
quest of certain gentlemen about me, so as to fix
this contract for three years from the 1st of July
next; so that it will end on the Istof July, 1864,
which I believe to be the time when the Butterfield
contract expires; so that, at the end of three years
from the 1st of July next, the whole thing can be
changed, if we choose to do so.
Mr. G WIN. The Butterfield contract expires
on the 15th of September, 1864.
Mr. WILSON. I will modify my amendment
so as to fix the termination of this contract on the
15th of September, 1864, so as to end at the same
time with the Butterfield contract.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the gentleman
that it would be better to end the contract at the
regular time, the expiration of the financial year,
the 30th of June,
Mr. GWIN. I "ftould rather have it for four
years, instead of three, because it is a heavy con-
tract, and wc shall have a certain service.
Mr. COLLAMER. Bat if we pay too much,
as you think, the shorter the time the better.
Mr. GWIN. I do not know whether the Senate
will agree to give too much.
Mr. WILSON. There are certain Senators on
this side of the Chamber who do not wish that we
shall bind ourselves to these long contracts. They
have objected to the contract of Butterfield on ac-
count of its length. Now, they say thiscairies
it nearly nine months beyond that; and they would
like to have it changed, and to have it end either
on the 1st of July, 1864, or at the time Butter-
field's contract expires. Perhaps it had better be
the 1st of July. 1 therefore propose to modify
my amendment by fixing the expiration of the
contract on the 1st of July, 1864, instead of 1865.
Hbclieve this to be the best mode, and I am at-
tached to it only because I so believe on reflection.
Mr. BRAGG. I believe the Chair has decided
that an amendment to the proposition submitted
by the Senator from Massachusetts would not be
in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
decision.
Mr. BRAGG. As he is modifying it, and a
good deal has been said here about these legisla-
tive contracts, I propose to modify the amendment
further by adding thisprovi'so to the section mak-
ing the contract:
Provided, nevertheless, That the Postmaster General or
Congress shall have pmvei fiom tune to time, a;- the same
may lie deemed necessary, to alter and rnnuifj the contract
heiehy authonzed, oi put an end to the same entuvly "houM
the public interests demand a discontinuance of the ser-
vice ; but in either ease the contractors t-liall be entitled to
receive all such reasonable damages as they may su^tam
because of such alteration or annulment of then contiaet.
I hope the Senator from Massachusetts will
accept this.
Mr. WILSON. I accept the proposition. I
do not think the parties can suffer under any con-
tracts they may make under such a provision.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we may now have a
vote. It strikes me that the amendment, as mod-
ified by the Senator from Massachusetts, is better
adapted to this service than any proposition I
have seen, and I am really gratified to see it put
on a basis that I think will be permanent and
useful and fair to all sections of the country.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER The question
is on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, as lie has modified
it, to the amendment offered by the Senator from
California, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and navs; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Meeers. Baker, Bigler, Bragg,Clark, CelJamer,
