1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-1277
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Johnson oi Tennessee, Latham, Morrill, Powell, Sewaid,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Chandler, Clingman,
Green, Gwm, I-Iale, Ilailari, Hemphill, Johnson of Aik-
ansas,Lane, Nicholson, Polk, Sebastian, Thomson, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wigfal), and Wilkinson—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment as amended,
Mr. GWIN. Now, I make the motion I did
a while ago, to strike out " $1,150,000," and in-
sert " $1,000,000;" so that the whole compensa-
tion shall not exceed §1,000,000 per annum. I
know the service can be done for that. As good
contractors as there are in the United States are
willing to take it at $1,000,000 a year; and I hope
we shall not give $1,150,000 a year to these con-
tractors, and pay them p00,000 besides for chang-
ing their route.
Mr- LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to hear the
Senator from Massachusetts, and those who
brought forward this proposition, if $1,000,000
wilt accomplish the purpose. I will vote for
$1,000,000, of course, instead of §1,150,000, if
that will suffice. I understand the senior Senator
from California to say that, in his opinion, that
amount of money will secure the extinguishment
of the Butterfield route, and put it on the central
route. If $1,000,000 will do it, of course I am
for $1,000,000 in preference to a larger sum; but
I should like to have some information on that
subject, [f it is necessary to pay $1,150,000 to
accomplish that object, I am willing to vote that
amount; but I should like to hear from gentle-
men who understand this matter, if they think
$1,000,000 will do.
Mr. BAKER. I do think so.
Mr. LATHAM. All I have to say is, that if
that amendment be adopted, the second section
will be the law; the Butterfield contract will not
be moved from the present route to the route
above. It amounts simply to the Congress of the
United States enacting the second section of this
provision9 letting it to tli£ lowest bidder. It will
be nothing more than abolishing the Butterfield
contract, and allowing them to come in for dam-
ages; because they never can do the service for
that sum. I am assured by gentlemen connected
with the line that it cannot be done,.and they will
not attempt it.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Butterfield contractors
will not be allowed to dictate to the Congress of
the United States. I know that the service can
be performed for $1,000,000 by men as responsible
as they are; and that is the reason I have been
opposed to this proposition all the while.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Califor-
nia does not touch the point. He says$1,000,000
will perform the serviceon the central route. That
is one thing; but will it perform the service on the
central route, and get rid of the Butterfield con-
tract too,on which we are paying $G00,000ayear?
That is the question with me. I want to do both
things at once,
Mr. GWIN. That depends on the Butterfield
contractors; they say they will not do it. If they
will not take anything except what they demand',
that is another point. They are to get $200,000
without any service for moving on here, and
$100,000 damages.
Mr. HALE. I have not a word to say to re-
flect on anybody; but I confess I feel humiliated
to-day. I have labored early and late on the Post
Office Committee for yeais and years, and to-day
the Senate—1 say it without the slightest reflec-
tion on anybody here, butit is God's truth—have
simply registered what the Butterfield men tell
them. At first they were willing to take $1,150,000
and damages; and we have done it, and there it
stands.
Mr. BAKER. I think $1,000,000 is enough.
Mr. WILSON. All I have to say in regard to
this matter is this: if $1,000,000 will do it, I would
be in favor of that. 1 know nothing about these
parties, but I am told they have made their esti-
mates that they can carry this mail daily for
$1,150,000; that is to say, they will pay $350,000
to the steamships to carry the printed matter, and
they will carry the letters daily, overland, for
$800,000. By their present contract, they carry
letters twice a week for $637,000. You increase
their duty two hundred per cent., and you in-
crease their pay only about twenty-five per cent.
I am told that they cannot take this contract for
$1,000,000 and execute it. If they cannot do it,
is it not more economical to give them, for three
years,$1,150,OOOayear? This isa matter for the
Senate to settle. If the Senate believes it can get
this work performed for $1,000,000, it will so vote.
I am not satisfied that it can be done; and there-
fore I shall vote for the amendment as I proposed
it, for I have no doubt that they will take the con-
tract under its provisions, and the whole thing
for three years will be settled at that rate. If
we should strike out " $1,150,000," and insert
" $1,000,000," and then should fail to have the
contract accepted and carried out, and all damages
settled by this bill, we may have to pay in the
end, perhaps, more money than is now proposed.
We not only propose, here, to carry this line on
to the central route, but we propose to settle all
damages, settle everything, to have the Butterfield
line closed up, and all damages paid, and the
mails carried daily on the central route for this
sum of money.
Now, 1 wish simply to say, once for all, that I
have never exchanged a word with the Butter-
fields in regard to the matter. I have seen a let-
ter of theirs, in which they say they will take it
at this, and this is the lowest sum that they feel
they can do it for; but I care nothing about the
Butterfields, or the steamship line, or any other
line; all I wish to do is to get a daily mail across
the central regions of the country, at the lowest
possible rate that the service can be performed
for. Now, if the Senate believe they ought to
strike out the amount fixed by my amendment,
let them strike it out; if not, keep it in.
Mr. HALE. I confess that 1 am entirely in-
different whether the Senate strike down the
$1,115,000 to $1,000,000 or not. It is a bonus,
a large bonus, to these contractors. If we give
them a $1,000,000, it will be a bonus of $250,000
a year over and above what you can get this
service for-—what we have been assured during
the whole session we should have it done for.
The House of Representatives sent here a prop-
osition to make a contract at $800,000 a year for a
daily mail; and 1 have been besieged day in and
day out, assured that it could be done for that;
and when that bill came here, if I am not mis-
taken, both the Senators from California were
in favor of taking it up and passing it, on ^ie
ground that we could get a daily service for
$800,000 a year.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, no. My colleague said that.
I never did.
Mr. LATHAM. He is mistaken about mc. I
never said any such thing.
Mr. HALE. I do not know what they said.
They both urged the passage of the bill as it came
from the House.
Mr. LATHAM. We urged it then because
we had the certainty of seivice; both of us dis-
tinctly stating that we should have supplemental
legislation which would remedy those defects.
Mr. HALE. And the supplemental legislation,
if I understand it, was a settlement with the But-
terfield contractors.
Mr. LATHAM. It reduces the expenses
$280,000 per annum.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I like this dialogue;
but this supplemental legislation that has comc,
didnotrelate to the transmission of the mail across
the central route for$800,000a year;though I was
informed that, upon thatproposition of the House
of Representatives, there would be hundred* of
contractors who would offer to carry this mail.
I have no doubt that you can get this mail carried
for $1,000,000; and very much less than that, if
you will put the contract upon the same footing
that you do everything else, make it an open con-
tract for bidders; but if we have got to have a bid-
der anyhow; if we cannot get rid of him, and it
is a fixed fact that Butterfield has got to ride us
to the end of time, I think we ought to have a
little to say about the price; that we should not
give lnm so much more than we can get the ser-
vice done for by outside contractors. I think the
post route bill, as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, and as we passed it by the deliber- ;
ate judgment of the Senate, stands; and then, if j
the Butterfield contractors should have a claim for j
damages, let us pay them; let us pay them liber- |
ally; but do not saddle them uponus,andlettham
have this contract, shutting out all other, con-
tractors.
Mr. GWIN. When I stated that this contract
could be performed for $1,000,000,1 had the best
authority for the statement. The present con-
tractors on the central route had a proposition be-
fore the Post Office Committee, for a long time, to
do it for that sum, but just as we commenced this
discussion, I was authoritatively informed that
they had withdrawn their proposition, uncondi-
tionally. My colleague, to-day, stated thereasons.
They have made arrangements with the Butter-
field company, to sell their property and get paid
for it. They withdrew their proposition to carry
the mail for $1,000,000, and concurred in the
proposition to give it to these other contractors
for $1,150,000. I have had this proposition, time
and again, from responsible men who can do it,
and I have no doubt it can be done; and for that
reason, and that only, I have postponed the
amendment.
In addition, if we can get it done for $1,000,000,
and we pay the Butterfield company $100,000, as
liquidated damages, and give them pay for four
months when they are carrying no mail, making
altogether $300,000, and then if, for three years,
we give them $150,000 a year more than we get
the service performed for, it makes$900,000 bonus
that they will get. They will never get that much
damages in any way you can fix it. Therefore,
there is no possibility of the Government not being
benefited, if the amount is reduced to $1,000,000.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is refreshing to hear the
Senator from California [Mr. Gwm] and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] advocat-
ing economy. It is one of the bright signs of the
times. 1 join them in advocating economy too;
but 1 am not quite certain that we are pursuing a
wise economy m following the lead they are indi-
cating to us. I would rathervote the $1,150,000,
and be sure that the Butterfield contractors accept
it, than to vote $1,000,000 and have them reject it,
and then have to foot their bill for damages when
tht*y come to apply to us for damages for violat-
ing their contract. I am afraid of that biil for
damages. I believe we are getting rid of them
very cheaply under this proposition; two months'
pay is a lower liquidation of damages than ever I
expected to hear come from that company. I
wish to get rid of the Butterfield contract. I wish
to get this mail run on the great central line, where
I think it ought to go, where the interests of the
country require it. We ai*fe certainly getting a
daily mail to California on cheaper terms by this
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
than I ever expected to see it obtained for, and I
am not willing to run the risk of losing the mail,
and the greater risk still of having the Butterfield
contractors here for damages, by repealing their
contract. I should rather, therefore, pay the
$] ,150,000, and be sure that we are extinguishing
all these claims, than vote $1,000,000 and. have it
rejected, and then have to foot their bills after-
wards. I would rather give them the pay pro-
vided for in this amendment than to look at their
list of oxpensesfor all the property they have been
compelled to abandon in consequence of our vio-
lating the contract. I believe, therefore, true
economy requires us to accept this proposition,
Mr. BRIGHT. As a member of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I have had
occasion to look into this subject; and I have
reached a conclusion that satisfies my mind.^ I
have been from the beginning in favor of giving
$1,000,000 a year for this service, and I think it
quite enough. It will certainly pay a fair com-
pensation for carrying the printed matter by the
sea route, and the letter matter by the overland
route. I have regretted the division that existed
between the Senators from California, and hoped
they would have settled this question between
themselves, without compelling other Senators to
decide between them. I have felt really embar-
rassed by the opposite sides those gentlemen have
taken on this question.
The conclusion my mind has reached is, that
$1,000,000 is quite sufficient. Tfte question of
damages I do not dread; for under the circum-
stances that this contract was made, I do not
think, while I remain here, 1 shall ever vote any
damages. It is a contract that ought not to have
been made—at least, without a clause enabling the
Department at any time to put an end to the ser.
