1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
vice, by paying the amount usually paid in such
cases.
Senators may say that these services cannot
be performed for &1,000)000. I believe it can.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] says
he has information that satisfies him that it can
be performed for $900,000. I am sure it will be
done, and well done, for $1,000,000; and there-
fore 1 feel that it is my duty to vote for the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote against the amend-
ment to the amendment. This idea about discon-
tinuing contracts and paying the ordinary amount
of damages, does not apply to these great long
overland mail routes; and I will tell you why. It
takes an outlay of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars to prepare to carry the mail, and when you
discontinue that mail, the whole of the stock and
carriages and coaches are lost to the party. It is
not like ordinary small mail routes, where you
can transfer them from one to the other; and if
we can now prevent a claim of damages by an
arrangement which will let the Butteriield route
come up to the central route, I am m favor of it
Under the law by wljjch the Butterfields carry
this mail, we have no right to discontinue it, and
if we undertake to do so, we shall have to pay
them how much damages nobody can tell. The
Jaw does not tell; it is unlimited. 1 think, there-
fore, we had better make an arrangement which
will accommodate nil the parties, and let them
transfer their stock which is down on the southern
route, the ox-bow route, as it is called, a very
crooked route, and put it on the central route, and
prevent any claim for damages. I shall, there-
fore vote against this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Raker, Bayard, Bieler, Bing-
ham, Bragg, Blight, Clark, Clingtnan, Crittenden, Fitcii,
Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Italian, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
King. Morrill, Nicholson, Peaiee, Polk, Powell, Sewar/l,
Sumner,Ten Eyck, Thomson,Wijjfall, and Wilkinson—29.
NAYS—Messrc. Dixon, Doolittle,Douglas, Foot.Foster,
Green, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Rice, Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the prior
order of business, for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. LATHAM. There is one more vote to be
taken.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw the motion, if we
are likely to get through with this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. 1 am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads to offer an
amendment.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BRIGHT. The amendments that are to be
offered will probably consume time. One or two,
I know, will be debated. I renew my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate postpone the prior orders, and pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. THOMSON. For the reason I gave he-
fore, I cannot vote now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Btagg, Bright, Ciing-
mari, Crittenden, Filch, Green. Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johnson of Aikrin^as, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Polk, Powell,
Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, and Wigfail—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Antlionv, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Dnrkee, Fe^senden,
Foster, Gumes, Hale, IJarlan, King, Morrill, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—24.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened.
CALIFORNIA WAR DEBT.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 299) for the suppression
of Indian hostilities in the State of California.
POSTAL SERVICE.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (II.R.No.950) in relation to the postal
service.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 909) for
the relief of Thomas Chittenden.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
971) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1862; the pending question
being on the following amendment submitted by
Mr. Hale, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads:
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, autliotized and instructed to audit and
adjust tiie account lor additional mail &eivice between
New York and Chagres dnect, and between New Orleans
and Chagres direct, performed duung the term of the con-
tract between the United States and A. G. Sloo, under the
act of March 3, 1847, and pay, out of any money in the
Tieasuiy not otherwise appropriated, such compensation
for such additional mail service as may, m his opinion, be
just and equitable: Prodided, That no more shall be allowed
than a &um equal to one fourth of the pro rata contract pay.
Mr. PEARCE. I will ask if that be not such
a claim as comes within the rule? Itscems to be
a claim arising from the violation of a contract.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The attention of
the Chair not having been directed to that ques-
tion, he will, with the leave of the Senate, have
the amendment again read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 should, like to have some
explanation of this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland raises the question whether this is a
piivate claim.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senate hear a statement?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Chair
decides the question, he will hear any suggestion
from the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I cannot say that this does not
come strictly within the rule; but, at the same
time, it is a case of such strong equity, and there
has been such a long delay to those parties, that
I hope Congress will not delay them any longer
I hold in my hand a full statement of the case. I
will read it; it is very short. The Senate will
understand it better, I think, from reading this
statement than in any other way:
" By the 'Sloo contiact,' as it is called, the California
mails were required to be carried from New York, via
Havana and New Orleans, to Aspimvall and back, twice
monthly, at $290,OUO per annum. The service began in
1848 In 1851, the increased intercouise with California
induced the establishmentof aline between New York and
Aspinwall direct, which, being le&s circuitous, was per-
formed generally two days quicker than by the contract
route. Business men desired the through California mail
to be carried by the direct route. They applied to the Post
Office Department. The Department brought the subject
to the consideration of the assignees of Sloo, by whom the
service was performed. Neither the Department nor Mr.
Roberts and his associates, were authonzed to discon-
tinue the contract route. Could they have done so all ad-
ditional service would have been avoided. It was finally
agreed that the mails should be earned by both ; foi New
York and the Atlantic States by the direct route, and for
the western and southwestern States by the contract loute ;
and that Mr. Robeits and his associates should go to Con-
gress for such compensation as that body should deemju&t
and reasonable."
Accordingly, they came heie years ago; and
when the late General Rusk, of Texas, was chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, they examined this whole matter, and sub-
mitted an elaborate report to Congress, by which
they agreed to pay them for carrying the mails in
this direct route one half of the pro rata pay for
which they were to carry it by the circuitous route;
that is, as they had by the circuitous route $290,000,
they were to have $145,000. That was the report
that General Rusk made to the Senate years ago.
The thing was laid ovei; and in the last Congiess
it was again elaborately reviewed, and a report
submitted by Mi\Yulee, late a Senator from Flor-
ida, in which he went over the same facts, but re-
ported an indefinite sum or allowance. The Post
Office Committee at this session again took it up;
for, as the Senate will see, it is now some nine or
ten years since the service was rendered; and, as
an act of tardy justice to these parties, they pro-
pose to pay them now what would be twenty-five
per cent, of what they were entitled to by the con-
tract for carrying it on the circuitous routG
Those uie the facts. They die facts that appeal
very strongly to the justice of the Government.
Whether tfiey bestrongenough to inducc the Sen-
ate to put it on the appropriation bill, I do not
know; but having said this, and havinggiven it as
my own opinion,and the deliberate opinion of the
committee, that this is due, and has been long
delayed, 1 shall have discharged my duty to the
Senate and the claimants.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope this amendment will
go before the Committee on Claims. It is clearly
a private claim. I should like to have them in-
vestigate it thoroughly. The question of econ-
omy being the order of the day, so far as my
State is concerned, I will say that thid Govern-
ment has paid thousands upon thousands of dol-
lars to this steamship company by this contract
to carry the mails by way of Panama. # I hope
it will be sent to the Committee on Claims, and
thoroughly investigated bv them; and that we
shall not tack it on to this "bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels
some embarrassment in deciding the question of
order that is raised. The 30th rule provides that
"no amendment shall be received to a general
appropriation bill whose object is to provide for
a private claim, unless it be to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law or a treaty stipula-
tion." The Chair will call the attention of the
Senate to the reading of this amendment. The
Secretary will read it again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. LATHAM. It amounts to simply this:
the Post Office Department have exercised the
power they have over all the mail contracts, and
curtailed the service here-, and rftade it more di-
rect; and these gentlemen are now seeking dam-
ages at the hands of the Government on account
of that curtailment, and it is proposed to put it
on the Post Office appropriation bill. Itis nothing
more than a private claim for damages, which
they have sustained at the hands of the Depart-
ment for curtailing the service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the explanation
be correct, it is excluded by the rule. The Chair
is unable to determine how that may be.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from California is
entirely mistaken.
Mr. "LATHAM. I, took my statement from
yours.
Mr. HALE. The Senatoris entirely mistaken
in supposing that this is a private claim arising
out of the curtailment of service. It was not  
curtailment; it was a retailment. [Laughter.] It
was an addition, instead of a curtailment. It was
putting on an additional mail by a direct route,
instead of the contract route, which was circuitous.
There was a long correspondence about it, all of
which is to be seen in the report. This subject
has been elaboi*ately investigated three times by
three different committees of the Senate. This is
the lowest sum that the committee have ever re-
ported. 11 does not come within that category at
all of being a claim for damages arising out of a
curtailment of service, but is to pay for services
which the Department recognized, and recognized
as being rendered, under an understanding both
by the Department and the contractors that they
should come to Congress for such compensation
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. Piesident 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to ask the Senator from New
i Hampshire one question. Is it a claim for addi-
! tional postal facilities rendered by this party under
I authority conferred by law on the Postmaster
General ?
Mr. HALE. That is it.
Mr. BRAGG. Thatis the question I was about
to ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
thinks it is a private claim.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the exact inter-
rogatory which the Ch'air propounded to me; but
I will state to the Chair exactly what the contract
it', and then the Chair can judge. These parties
had a contract to carry this mail by a certain ami
circuitous route for $290,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. That contract was not
with the Post Office Department. That contract
was made, under special law, with the Navy
Department.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; it was one of those con-
tracts. The Senate will recollect that all these
steamship contracts were at first made by the
Navy Department. After California was discov-
