818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the chairman of the
Committee~for the District of Columbia whether
this bill is printed. I sent for a copy awhile ago,
and could not get it.
Mr. CARTER. The bill is printed.
The question was taken on Mr. Hughes's mo-
tion to- go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the third reading and
engrossment of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to have that bill and
the amendment read.
The bill was read. Itconstitutesand appoints
George W. Riggs, Edward Maynard, Thomas P.
Morgan, Robert J. Patterson, Francis A. Lutz,
Walter S. Cox, James M. Carlisle, Jonah D.
Hoover, and Thomas Thornley, or a majority
of them, commissioners to open books, receive
subscriptions, and organize a company by the
name, style, and title of the Washington City and
Georgetown Railway Company, with power and
authority to construct a double track railway, he-
ginning at the navy-yard gate, through and along
Eighth street east to its intersection with Pennsyl-
vania avenue; along said avenue to First street
east; thence along the southern boundary of the
Capitol grounds to the southern gate thereof;
through the same to the northern gate and North
Capitol street to C street north; thence along C
street north and Indiana avenue to First street
west, with the privilege of a switch to the depot
of the Washington branch of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad; along First street west to the west
gate of the Capitol grounds; thence through and
altjng Pennsylvaniaavenue,Fifteenth street west,
Pennsylvania avenue, crossing Rock creek by the
tubular bridge, now being constructed, to Bridge
street, Georgetown; along Bridge street to its in-
tersection with Lingan stieet, opposite the Alex-
andria canal aqueduct, with all the necessary
switches, and turn-outs, and turn-table, with the
right to run cars thereon, drawn by horses, for
the transportation of passengers only. Also, the
privilege of constructing a (single track with turn-
outs) branch line from the intersection of Penn-
sylvania avenue with Seventh stieet west; along
said street north to M street north; along M street
north to Ninth street west; along Ninth street
west, south to its intersection with Pennsylvania
avenue. Also, the privilege of constructing a
(single track wkh turn-outs) branch line from the
intersection of Pennsylvania avenue with Four-
and-a-Half street west, south to the gate of the
inclosure of the arsenal grounds; thence to a point
011 the Potomac river.
The second section provides that the capital
stock of said company shall consist of six thou-
sand shares of fifty dollars each, and that the said
company may, from time to time, by a vote of the
Stockholders at a meeting called for that purpose,
of which meeting thirty days'notice shall be given
in one or more newspapers in the city of Wash-
ington, increase the capital stock to an amount
sufficient to carry out the true intent and meaning
of the act.
The third section provides that the commission-
ers, or a majority of them, shall have power to
open books for receiving subscriptions to the cap-
ital stock of the company at such time or tunes,
place or places, as they may deem expedient,
after having given at least twenty days' notice in
One or more newspapers published in the city of
Washington; and at the times and places so des-
ignated and named in the public notices to be
given as aforesaid, the said commissioners, or a
majority of them, shall attend and furnish to all
persons duly qualified, who shall offer to sub-
scribe, an opportunity of so doing; and it shall
be lawful for all such persons, and for all firms
and copartnerships, by themselves or by persons
duly authorized, to subscribe for shares in said
stock; and the said books shall be kept open at
least six hours in every day for the term of ten
days, or until there shall have been subscribed
the whole number of shares authorized by this
act; provided that during the first five days no
one firm or individual shall be allowed to sub-
scribe for more than ten shares. And if, after
the expiration of ten days, the books aforesaid
shall not have the number of shares therein sub-
scribed, the said commissioners may adjourn
from time to time until the whole number author-
ized shall be subscribed, of which adjournment
the commissioners aforesaid shall give such pub-
lic notice as the occasion may require; and when
the whole number of shares shall be subscribed,
the books shall be closed; provided that no sub-
scription shall be valid unless the party or parties
making the same shall pay, at the time of sub-
scribing, to the said commissioners, the sum of
five dollars on each and every share subscribed,
for the use of said company.
The fourth section provides that when the cap-
ital stock, as provided by the act, shall have .been
subscribed, and five dollars paid on each and
every share as aforesaid, the said commissioners,
or such of them as shall have acted, shall certify
to the President, under their hands and seals, the
names of the subscribers, and the number of
shares subscribed by each, and that five dollars
on each share have been paid; whereupon the
President shall, by letters patent,under his hand
and the seal of the United States, create and con-
stitute the subscribers, and if the subscription
be not full at the time, those who shall there-
after subscribe to the number of shares aforesaid,
their successors and assigns, into a body politic
and corporate, in deed and in law, by the name,
style, and title designated by the act; and by the
said name, style, and title, the said subscriber
shall have perpetual succession, with all the priv-
ileges, franchises, and immunities incident to a
corporation, and be able to sue or be sued, plead
and be impleaded, in all courts of record, and
elsewhere, and to purchase, receive, have, hold,
use, and enjoy, to them and their successors,
goods, chattels, and estate, real and personal, of
what kind and nature soever, and the same, from
time to time, to sell, exchange, mortgage, grant,
alien, or otherwise dispose of, and to make div-
idends of such-portions of the profits as they may
deem proper; and also to make and have a com-
mon seal, and the same to alter and renew at
pleasure, and also to ordain, establish, and put
in execution such by-laws, ordinances, and reg-
ulations as shall appear necessary or convenient
for the government of said corporation, not being
contrary to the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States; and generally to do all and singular
the matters and things which to them it shnlTlaw-
fully appertain to do for the Veil-being of said
corporation, and the due oidering and manage-
ment of the affairs thereof; provided that nothing
in the act contained shall be construed as in any
way giving to such corporation any banking
privileges whatever, to issue any bond or bonds,
or any other liberties, privileges, or franchises
but such as may be necessary or convenient to
the procuring, owning, making, maintaining, reg-
ulating, and using their railroad for the convey-
ance of passengers. And it is further provided that
the company shall not purchase or hold any real
estate, except ,such as may be necessary or con-
venient for the making and constructing of their
railroad, or for the furnishing of materials there-
for, and for the accommodation of depots, offices,
warehouses, machine-shops, and other appropri-
ateappurtenances,and for the persons and things
employed or used in and about the same.
The remaining sections of the bill prescribe the
terms and conditions on which the business of the
company is to be conducted.
The Committee for the District of Columbia
recommend the following amendment:
[nscrtflfter tile word'* samo,:' id tlie sixteenth line of the
eighteenth section, the following, to wit: -'Which amount
may be increased at any tune hy the corporate authorities
of said cities, or eithernf them, to a sum not exceeding ten
do.lars per ear;" so that the secton will read :
Sec. IS. .'1 u'l be it farther tnaitcd, That it shall be in-
cumbent Oil tlie railroad company, asafoicsaid, before piae-
mg ears upon their road, to pay into the treasuries of the
cities of Washington and Ueoigntuwu eacii, and annually
thereafter, for the use of the cities, the sum of five dollars
for each car intended to rim on the same, which amount
may be increased, &c.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to authorizing
any city railway along Pennsylvaniaavenue, and
I would vote, as an oiiginal proposition, against
any bill for that purpose, if I thought I could de-
feat it. But being satisfied that there is a majority
of Congress in favor of making a grant to parties
for the purpose of building such a road, 1, between
the different projects that have been offered, have
my choice, and in order that the House may un-
derstand the position of the Committee for the
District of Columbia in icgard to the various bills
that have been offered torchartf-ring companies to
build this road, I will state that no one measure
that has been olFeted here, according to my un-
  January 10,
dcrstanding, has the approval of the committee as
a committee. But by an order of that committee',
its members were permitted topresentto the House
their respective bills for giving these privileges to
companies, so that the House might considerand
determine between the different projects. With-
out committing myself to the bill which I now
hold in my hand—for I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine its details sufficiently—l ean
say that I prefer its general features and its ob-
jects to those of the bill now under consideration.
I propose to offer this bill, with the amendments
annexed to it, as a substitute for the bill now under
consideration.
The SPEAKERprotempore, (Mr. Jon\~Cocir-
rane in the chair.) The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that his motion is not
in order pending a motion to commit.
Mr. HOUSTON. With a view to bring the
whole subject of these conflicting propositions for
railways along the streets of this city before the
House, 1 will, for the present, withdraw the mo-
tion to commit, so that the substitute may be
offered.
Mr. BURNETT. I now offer the bill which
I send to the Clerk's desk, with the amendments
thereto attached, as a substitute for the bill now
pending. This bill has been prepared by my
colleague and friend, [Mr. Hughes,] but as I
have not had sufficient time to examine it in detail,
I do not commit myself to support it in its details.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the bill and amendments arc offered
as a single substitute for the bill reported by the
chairman of the Committee for^the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir. I am in favor of
this project, because it is in connection with a
company already chartered for the building of a
road from this city through the State of Maryland
to the Point of Rocks, some fifty miles from,
here, by which western travel from this city wil.
be shortened by six hours. There aieotherguards
thrown around this bill which the original bill
does not contain. The original bill proposes to
grant by name to parties in this city the right of
way along Pennsylvania avenue to build a city
railway, granting to them all the profit that
may accrue from the operation of this road. It
authorizes them to regulate and control this close
corporation, as it may be called, and that, too,
without giving to the corporate authorities of
Washington and Georgetown any control over
the action of this irresponsible body of corpora-
tors. Hence I am opposed to it.
^ Now, I would vote cheerfully for any propo-
sition which had for its object the letting out of
this franchise to those who would pay the most
for it. I believe that it would be right to give to
the city authorities of Washington and George-
town the power to grant these privileges, with
such restrictions as Congress may approve, to
the panics who will pay the most for the fran-
chise. It is eagerly sought for, and it is believed
by those who arc seeking to have the bill passed,
that it will be profitable, and will pay large div-
idends. Judging by the eagerness with which
this Capitol is besieged by the friends of the dif-
ferent projects offered,I mustconfess that it seems
to me thai the wisest course would be to permit
the authorities of Washington and Georgetown
to receive bids, and to give the franchise to those
who are willing to pay the most for it, making it
their duty to submit the matter for the approval
of Congress.
I do not desire to detain the House by any
lengthened debate on this bill. I am satisfied that
we cannot pass either one of those projects with-
out going into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and there discussing- the
bill and amendments, so that the subject may be
understood. In that behalf, I shall move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. But first i move that this bill and
the substitute be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. This bill looks to a
connection of a railroad in tlus District with some
railroad in Virginia. Before it can be constructed
Virginia will have ceased to be a member of this
Confederacy; and it is to that point that I invite
the attention of the House. On the 20t.li day of
December, 1860, the people of South Carolina 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of oider. It
