1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nn
ered, and emigration and business went there, and
rapidly increased, it was found desirable to have
a more direct route; and, after a long correspond-
ence, the Department agreed that they should
carry it by the direct route, and the contract route
also, not diminishing that; and should come to
Congress for such compensation as Congress
thought reasonable. That is the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has no .
doubt it is a private claim.
Mr. HALE. I do not desire to appeal from
the decision. I now propose, by instruction of
the same committee, another amendment, that
was offered to another bill, and the Senate, I think,
unadvisedly voted that it was a private claim; but
if the Chair will have the amendment read, I will
state the ground on which it is placed; and I think
the Senate will see that it is not a private claim.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to refund to Franklin Haven, and
his associates, the sum of money deposited by them with
the Post Office Department, required as indemnity lot the
contmuancc of the Boston post office in the form-'i locality,
said post office having since been removed : Provided, That
from the sum of money thus deposited, the Pos-tmaptei
Geneiai shall first deduct the expense of one removal of
the said post office each way.
Mr. HALE. If there is an objection made to
that as a private claim, I wish the decision of the
Chair upon it; and I desire to state that it is not,
for the reason that it takes no money out of the
Tieasury; it does notappropriate a dollar. There
was a conflict here between two localities in Bos-
ton—State street and Summer street. It is not
worth while to go into a history of it. The Post
Office Department required a certain sum to be
deposited as an indemnity for the expense of
removal. It was deposited, and the post office
removed back.
Several Senators. It is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. "WADE. I have an amendment to offer
to ^iis bill, as an additional section:
And be it jurther enacted, That the thiid section of the
"Act establishing certain post roads, and foi otiier pui-
poses," approved March 3, 1853, by which all railroads,
and parts ot railroads, which aic now, or hereafter may be
m operation, aie to he post roads, shall be construed to in-
clude and embrace the track over railroad bridges of every
de^cuption, as well as upon land.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not exactly understand
the object of that amendment. Does it give the
General Government jurisdiction overall railroad
bridges?
Mr. WADE. I suppose that is the object; I do
not know. It was handed to me, and I offered it
before the committee, and I was ordered to report
it. I never inquired anything about it; but l re-
member very well when the Wheeling bridge was
decided by the Supreme Court to be a nuisance,
and when a process had issued to order it to be
abated, there was a law passed through Congress
here making it a post road, upon which, I under-
stand,the court granted an injunction against any
further proceedings. I suppose it is for that very
purpose this is offered; but I do not know any-
thing about it. In my judgment, that is it. It
brings up the question, whether it is right and
proper for Congress to declare that these bridges
on railroads, crossing navigable streams of water,
should be declared post roads, so that the courts
would hold that they could not be declared nui-
sances. I imagine that is it; and it presents the
question to the Senate whether there is any ob-
jection to making them so.
Mr. POLK. 1 would like to a? k the Senator
a further question: whether one object of this
amendment is not to retain the bridge at Rock
Island over the Mississippi river?
Mr. WADE. I will state that the amendment
was not drawn by myself, but barely handed to
me to bring before our committee. I do not know
that it has not direct reference to that bridge, or
any particular bridge; but it would apply to that
as well as to any other, of course. I understand
there is a controversy about that bridge; and I
suspect that, perhaps, it originated with a view to
that bridge; out I do not know that.
Mr. BRAGG. It strikes me this amendment
may lead to some difficult}', or one portion of it,
at least; and I call the attention of the Senate to it:
Jlitd be it further enacted, That the thiid section of the
"Act to establish certain post loute^. and for other pur-
poses,approved March 3,1833, by which all railroads, and
parts of railroads which are now, or heicafter may be, in
operation, aie to Le post roads, shall be construed to include
and embrace the track over railroad bridges of every de-
scription as well as upon land.
It seems to me, if this amendment is adopted
and made the law, that any railroad, under a char-
ter from a State, may construct a bridge across a
navigable stream and obstruct navigation; for it
applies to future bridges, as well as to those al-
ready constructed; and we sanction here, by this
amendment, the construction of any such bridges,
provided they are authorized by the State author-
ities. In that way some of the most important
navigable streams of the country, which are pub-
lic highways, may be obstructed under an author-
ity obtained from any of the States to construct
a railroad or a bridge across those streams; for
it applies to other bridges, as well as those now
constructed.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know whether this
amendment was intended to apply to any partic-
ular case; but I have heard it hinted that it was
so intended; that there has been a controversy
m regard to a bridge crossing the Mississippi
river; that that has been in the courts, and is now
before the Supreme Court, and that the passage
of tins provision may affect rights. Whatever
may be the merits of this controversy, I do not
think we ought to do anything that shall change
the issue, or in any way affect the issue before the
courts of the country.
Mr. POLK. Concurring cordially in all the
Senator from Massachusetts has said, I will state
that we have pretty good reason to believe one
object intended, or desired, I should eay, to be
accomplished by such an amendment as this, is
to legalize the Rock Island bridge over the Mis-
sissippi river, which is at the foot of the upper
rapias, and which has long been a matter of con-
troversy. Several suits, as I am informed, have
been brought m regard to it. There is one suit
now pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States; and I myself was present one morning
during this present term, when there was an effort
made to take it up, with a view of bringing it
forward on the docket, and to have it argued and
determined as soon as possible, because the
immense public and private interests that were
involved in the navigation of that stream, required
the speediest adjudication possible by the court
of last resort of the controversy that was before
them in that case. It was a case in which the
decision below had been against the bridge com-
pany, deciding that the bridge was a nuisance, and
that it ought to be abated. Aside from that, I
have the decision of the court below in that very
case before me, and it makes a case of the most
unusual character I*think I have ever known. If
it were necessary, I would go into a statementof
the facts, showing that the bridge is a nuisance
there, but I do not think the Senate ought to inter-
fere in such a case as this. Here is an amend-
ment offered to the Post Office appropriation bill
involving very important questions; and it seems
to me the Senate ought not to entertain it for a
moment. I do not know but it might be well
enough. I believe I will not—I was going to re-
fer to some of the facts in the case.
Mr. WADE. I take no interest in this ques-
tion whatever. I remember I was very much
struck with the proceedings in that Wheeling
bridge case some years ago; and I could hardly
reconcile it with my views of constitutional law,
that appeals were made from the court to Con-
gress to legalize what had just had been decided
to be a nuisance. I doubted very much about it;
but nevertheless, it involved that question; and
the same question, I think, arises here. If the
court were right in the decision of the case, I sup-
pose it is perfectly legitimate for us to pass this
amendment. I believe it is, in principle, pre-
cisely the same as that was, and that us effect
would be to render that, which otheiwise might
be a nuisance, not a nuisance. I would save to
the public the right to have a bridge across a navi-
gable stream that did, in some measure, impede
navigation in such sort as it might be termed a
i nuisance. As to its policy, I am not now pre-
! pared to say. I cannot sec there is great interest
! involved on the part of the public and private in
' dividufils; and I cannot help believing, myself,
that it is more of a judicial than a legislative ques-
tion; but I have brought it forward by direction
of the committee. It is understood by the Sen-
ate, and 1 leave it their disposal; and I am very
indifferent as to which way they shall decide it.
Mr. POLK, The free navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river stands in a light very different and
stronger than that of any other stream, perhaps,
in the country. It has been the subject of treaty
between the United States and Great Britain. In
1782, it was provided between those two nations
that the navigation of that river should be forever
free. But perhaps it is useless for me to-say any-
thing, from the suggestions that are made to me,
that nobody is disposed to vote for this proposi-
tion; and therefore I will forbear any remarks
upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to offer an amendment
to the bill. I move to insert,after line fifty-eight,
page 3, the following proviso:
Provided, That the provision in the first section of the act
of June 15, I860, making appropriations for the service of
tiie Post Office Department, which restricts the maximum
compensation to be paid to post route agents to the sum of
$800 per year, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
So that the clause will read:
For mail depredations and special agents, $75,000: Pro-
vided, That the provision in the first section of the act of
June J5, ]8fi0, making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department, which restricts the maximum com-
pensation to be paid to post route agents to $800 per year,
be, find the same is hereby, repealed.
I offer this amendment as,what I think an act
of justice, to repeal a clause inserted in the Post
Office appropriation bill of last year. It was a
very pitiful system of economy, m my judgment,
which saved but little to the Government,and did
injustice to a very necessary and a very industrious
and laborious class of public servants. Before last
year, the maximum compensation allowed to post
route agents, under no circumstances was over
$1,000. It ranged from that, I believe, even down
to $400; but in an extraordinary fit of economy,
Congress determined that no allowance should be
made exceeding $800 to a route agent. Now, their
duties vary; their responsibilities vary; and the
amount ofpay that you alio wis entirely inadequate
to thecharacter of theservice on many of the more
important routes. I am sure of this from personal
observation on one or two of them. "Whether you
take the responsibility of the office—for the officer
has in charge an immense amount of mails; take
the mere manual labor; take the duties that are
devolved upon him in the distribution of the mails,
and the character of the man requisite for Uie
purpose, and the extent of personal hazard he
must incur in running every day of the year—for
he is constantly in employment—and must sepa-
rate himself a greater portion of his time from ilia
family, if he is a married man—all these considera-
tions render the compensation which we have re-
duced to a maximum of $800 entirely inadequate.
All I ask is to leave it to the Postmaster General
under the former law. There were some who were
paid $800, some, $900; none more than $1,000; and
yet you pay to the messengers here $1,200 a year
for not half the service You allow in the large
cities, to the host of tide waiters you have, $1,100
a year; and you restrict the pay here, although
it operates only upon some ten or fifteen agents
on the principal routes in all parts of the country,
by the law of the last session, to $800 ayear. The
compensation is not sufficient for the services; and
there is, in addition, the daily hazard of life. It
is an extra hazardous service.
Now, I know it may be said you can find men
to perform it for $800. Be it so. You may find
men to perform almost any duty at reduced com-
pensations; but will they be the right class of
men ? Is it not a false system which attempts to
reduce (by an attempt at economy) to a general
average the pay of men, and takes away ihe dis-
cretion of the Postmaster General to give to some
as high as $1,000, when there is nota clerk in the
Department here that you do not pay $1,200, al-
though he is engaged only from nine to three
o'clock in the day, and probably not half the time
during that period? Sir, I think it is ail act of
gross injustice done to a meritorious class of offi-
cers by'the clause in the bill of last session, and
I hope the Senate will repeal it, so as to leave the
Postmaster General to vary the compensation
dependent upon the character of the service and
the person employed,not <:xceeding$l,000, which
was the old law. I iiope the amendment will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
