1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is that the remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia are not germane to this bill.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Before I address myself
to the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, I may assign the reasons which induce
me to oppose it. On the 20th day of December,
i860, the people of South Carolina, by a unani-
mous vote, passed the following ordinance 
i Mr. STANTON. I understand that the mo-
tion is pending to commit the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whoie on the state of the Union. Nothing
is better settled than that the merits of the bill are
noUdebatable on a motion to commit. I there-
fore make that point.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Then I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his motion
to commit.
Mr. BURNETT. It seems to be the fixed pur-
pose of gentlemen on the other side of the House
to prevent anything like discussion of the ques-
tions now agitating the country, so that the peo-
ple might understand them and know the views
of members of this House. I withdraw the mo-
tion to commit.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I will begin again.
Mr. STANTON. What is the pending ques-
tion now?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now is on the substitute offered to the bill by the
gentleman from Kentucky. This being a special
order, the Chair will remind the gentleman from
Virginia that remaiks must be confined strictly
to the question.
Mr. DE J ARNETTE. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to assign the reasons why, as a member of this
House from the State of Virginia, I feel it incum-
bent upon me to oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.] It is
proper, before stating my particular objections,
that I should assign sonic general reasons why
the bill and amendment should not be passed.
Mr. Speaker, on the 20th day of December,
1860, the people of South Carolina, by unani-
mous vote, passed the following ordinance of
secession:
Jin Ordinance to dissolve the Union between the State of
South Carolina ami the other States united with her, un-
der the compact entitled il The Constitution of the United
States of America
We, the people of South Carolina, in convention as-
sembled. do declare and ordain,and it is hereby declared and
ordained, that the ordinance adopted by us m convention,
on the 23d day of May, in the year of oui Loid 1788, whereby
the Constitution of the United States of Amcuca was rat-
ified ; and uKo all acta and parts of acts of the General As-
sembly of thi* State ratifying the amendment of the natd
Constitution are heicby repealed ; and that the union now
subsisting between South Carolina and the other States
under the name of the United States of America, is hereby
dissolved.
Mr. CARTER. If I have the right, I call the
gentleman from Virginia to order. This is a
specific matter; it is a bill for the construction of
a passenger railway in this District; and I insist
that, under the rules, the gentleman must confine
his remarks to its provisions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs the gen-
tleman from New York raise to a pointof order?
Mr. CARTER. I certainly do. I deem it to
be my duty to do so as the chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will state his point of order.
Mr. CARTER. My point of order is this:
that debate at this stage of the proceedings must
be strictly confined to the bill, and not wander
off into other and far different matters.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia has not yet proceeded far enough
to possess the Chair with the tenor and effect of
his remarks; and the Chair is not, therefore, now
enabled to give an intelligent decision under the
rules. The gentleman from Viiginia will pro-
ceed in order. The Chair will remind him, how-
ever, that debate must, under the lules, be con-
fined to the provisions of the pending bill.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I will proceed, and the Chair will perceive that
my remarks are m oider. I will, at the proper
point, state the conclusion resulting from the
premises which I will lay down.
Several of the other States in winch the insti-
tution of domestic &la\cry exists, and ih recog-
nized by the people, and protected by law, are
already taking incipient steps tending inevitably
tov/ards the passage of similar ordinances of seces-
sion; and a majority, a large majority, of the
people of each and all of those States entertain
the opinion, with the utmost confidence, that they
have the light so to do. It is probable that a ma-
jority of the people of the other, or non-slavehold-
ing States, deny that this right exists.
Mr. CARTER. I again raise the point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia are not in order, not being addressed
to the merits of the bill under consideration.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. It may be my mis-
fortune not directly to come to the point at issue.
If the gentleman from New York will bear with
me a while, I am sure I can convince him that
my remarks are not only applicable, but alto-
gether pertinent to the pending measure.
Mr. CARTER. I should be happy to hear
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia at
the proper time; but I cannot bring myself to
Siela up the time set apart for the business of the
istrict of Columbia, to matters purely abstract,
and not now before us.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I very well understand
that this day has been set apart for the consider-
ation of the business of the District of Columbia;
and I am addressing myself to the merits of the
bill now pending before the House. I believe
that remarks are in order, and I trust that the
Chair will so rule.
Mr. CARTER. I insist on my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chan-
understands, the subject particularly under con-
sideration at this time is a bill for the construction
of a passenger railway in the District of Colum-
bia. The Chair is of the opinion that the remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia are not addressed
to the merits of that bill; hut, on the contrary, to
the right of one or more of the States of this
Union to secede from the other States. The
attention of the House, as well as that of the
gentleman from Virginia, is directed to the con-
cluding paragraph of House rule No. 114:
'•And all debate on special oiders shall be conliucd
stuctly to the measure under consideration."
The Chair feels at a loss to make any connec-
tion between the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia and the measure under consideration.
As the point is now made, under the rule, which
the Chair has referred to, he is obliged to decide
that the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia
are not in order.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. As I understand the
amendment, it proposes the construction of a
railroad in the District of Columbia to connect with
the system of railroads in the State of Virginia.
Such being the case, I rise to a constitutional
question. Has this Congress the right to char-
ter a company for the construction of a railroad
within the limits and the jurisdiction of the State
of Virginia ? The consideration of that question
at once brings up the discussion of the doctrine
of State sovereignty, the very question which I
have started out with.
Now, sir, all the States in the southern portion
of the Confederacy, fifteen in number, claim the
right to secede from the Union whenever, in
their judgment, secession is best calculated 
Mr. CARTER. I insist that the rules and the
decision of the Chair shall be enforced.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The decision of
the Chair was made upon the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Virginia at the time he was inter-
rupted a moment ago.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia be allowed to proceed, peihaps he may be
enabled to show that his remarks are pertinent to
the subject under consideration, and therefore
strictly in order under the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair was
about to say a word upon the statement of the
gentleman from Virginia that he designed pro-
ceeding to show that the measure now pending
was unconstitutional. If the gentleman can estab-
lish that point by the argument he now proposes
to submit, his remarks will be in order. He will
therefore proceed.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. All the States in the
southern portion of the Confederacy—fifteen in
number—claim the right to secede from the Union
whenever, in their judgment, secession is Lest
caiculated to remedy any evil under which they
may labor. All the northern States—eighteen in !
nuniber—deny the existence'of any such right.
It is a clear and distinct claim of right on the one
hand, and. an equally clear and distinct denial of
that right on the other. It becomes, therefore,a
question of immense and immediate importance
to every one of the States of the Union,to'know
whether, in any ease whatever, there exists tlie
right in any State peacefully to secede from thi 
Union. The solution of this question 
.BARTER. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order. Ave the remarks he is sub-
mitting in order at this time? They are, as I
think, not germane to the pending bill
Mr, DE JARNETTE. I will come to that
directly. I am now coming to that point, and 1
trust that I will be allowed to proceed without
further interruption.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order having been made by the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, that the
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia are not
germane to the pending bill, and therefore not in
order, the Chair is compelled to decide that the
remarks of the gentleman, so far as he has submit-
ted them, are not in order.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I will leave that point,
then, and procced to another. [Laughter.] I re-
peat, that it becomes a question of great import-
ance, at this time, to solve that question of the
right of secession.  
Mr. STOKES. I desire to put a question to
the gentleman from Virginia. Is he authorized
to make the statement, here in this House, that
Tennessee concedes the right of a State to secede
from this Union ?
Mr. DE JARNETTE. The gentleman cer-
tainly does not mean to put that question to me,
for I have made no such statement.
Mr. STOKES. I understood the gentleman to
say that fifteen southern States claim the right
peacefully to secede from this Union. I make
this statement in reference to Tennessee. The
great men, the leading men, in that State have
spoken out, unequivocally denying that right.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Let me ask the gen-
tleman a question. Does he deny that right of
peaceable scccssion ?
Mr. STOKES. I do deny, and emphatically,
the right of a State to secede from the Union.
The leading statesmen of my State, of all parties,
have denied the right. The doctrine of Jack&on's
proclamation of 1833, upon the subject, is the
doctrine of Tennessee. I fully indorse it. Se-
cession is revolution. The right of revolution is
inherent in the people. It is a right to be exer-
cised, however, only in extreme cases, when op-
pression is intolerable, and all constitutional and
lawful remedies have been tried, and failed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair feels
obliged to arrest the course of debate now being
indulged in. It is altogether out of order.
Mr. GROW. I insist that the Chair shall not
allow the rules of the House, and his decision, to
be evaded as they have been already by the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. It is apparent that the
Representatives of the southern States upon this
side of the House have been subjected to the cruel
operations of the gag law.
Mr. GROW. I insist that the Chair shall
enforce order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia is out of order.
Mr. GROW. Does not the rule require that a
member, when decided out of ordei^ shall take
his seat ? I trust the Chair will enforce the rules,
and not allow them to be evaded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
enforce the rules.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to make this re-
mark 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I decline to yield. I
will now proceed with my remarks; and I will
bring them within the rules.
Mr. STOKES. I have no disposition to pre-
vent the gentleman from Virginia making his
speech. I am perfectly willing that he should be
allowed to go on. I will throw no obstructions
in his way. I only want to put my State where
I believe she stands.
Mr. DE JARNETTE resumed his remarks,
but was interrupted by
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. I de-
sire to know if the rule is not imperative, that
