THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
   1 > 1'-! I ■' - r - I ^ I ■ I
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KLVES, WASJibfeTON, D, C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1861.
New Series No* 81."
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRENTIS CHAMPLAIN.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take up
House biH No. 655. It is a bill for the relief of
an old soldier, who was shot all to pieces in the
Mexican war, giving him a little pension.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 655) granting a pension to
Prentis Champlain. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Prentis Cham-
plain on the invalid pension rolls of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 23d of March, 18G0, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Mr. GRIMES. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report made in the House
of Representatives on the 13th of April, I860, by
Mr. Fenton, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, from which it appeared that the petitioner
enlisted as a volunteer private in the company
commanded by George Weaver, in the regiment
commanded by Colonel Brough, Ohio volunteers,
fourth regiment, in the war with Mexico; that lie
enlisted on the first Monday in April, 1847, and
served till the 15th day of July, 1848, when he
was honorably discharged; that while in the ser-
vice of the United States, in the line of his duty,
in August, 1847, at Matamoras, in Mexico, he
was attacked with diarrhea, from which he par-
tially recovered; and that afterwards, on or about
the 10th day of September, 1847, while on the
march from Vera Cruz to Puebia, and while in
service, and in the line of his duty, for fourteen
successive nights he was exposed, without cover
or shelter of any kind, and without a sufficient
allowance of wholesome food, to constant rains;
that in consequence of such exposure, some time
in September, he was again seized with dysentery
or diarrhea, which became chronic; that not being
totally disabled, he was not discharged, but de-
tached on lighter service, and on horseback, in
which service he continued till the close of the
war; that chronic diarrhea has continued ever
since.
It appears that, in consequence of such expo-
sure, he was also seized with rheumatism, which,
not being very severe at first, though always pain-
ful, did not prevent his continuing m service, but
has become also chronic; and that in consequence
of those diseases combined, caused by such ex-
posure, he has been, ever since his discharge,
unable to pursue his occupation, which was that
of farmer. He has resided, and now resides, in
the county of Loraine, State of Ohio. The fact
of his disability, of his laboring under chronic
diarrhea and chronic rheumatism, that he is
wholly disabled, is certified to by Charles D.
Townshend and S. G.W ilmot, physicians in good
standing in the county of Loraine. They also
certify that they knew him before and after his
services in Mexico; that he was a hearty, robust
man before, and that since, he has been totally
disabled. The certificates, also, of two reputable
witnesses are produced, who swear that the pe-
tioner is a man of good moral character, and that
his diseases were not produced by any excesses
of his own. The facts in relation to his disease
and exposure in Mexico are fully sustained by
the affidavit of Captain George W. Weaver, who
states that during all those fourteen days and
nights the troops were supplied only with bacon
full of worms, and muddy water. The character
of Captain Weaver for truth and veracity is fully
confirmed by the certificate of Hon. John Sher-
man, Representative from the thirteenth congres-
sional district of Ohio, who states that he is well
acquainted with him, and that " he is entitled to
full credit.The application of the petitioner
for a pension was rejected by the Commissioner
on the ground " that the surgeon of the regiment
finds no entry of any attendance upon him when
first attacked with rheumatism." The petitioner
swears that this disease came on gradually, and
before lie called medical aid had been transferred
81
to a company of horse artillery in another regi-
ment, and was attended by the physician of an
Illinois regiment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ELEAZER A. RICHARDSON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I offer the following
resolution, and ask that it now he considered,
with the unanimous consent of the Senate. I will
not occupy more than a moment upon it:
Jlcsoh;eJ, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to tile widow of Eieazer A. Richardson, a
mechanic, who was killed while in the employment of the
United States, by the falling of a derrielt from the dome of
the Capitol, the sum of- dollars.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read a second time, and Considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
why that amount should be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate particularly; why a bill
has not been brought in for that purpose?
Mr. HALE. 1 want the rule enforced about
paying money out of the contingent fund.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senate can dispose
of itexactly as they please. This poor woman is
in very bad health; very fur gone in consumption.
She is unable to work, and is left entirely desti-
tute, with four little children. I told her that I
did not know whether anything could be done for
her at all; but on inquiry and consultation with
various Senators, they supposed there were pre-
cedents, and on search I found there were piece-
dents of exactly similar kind, where the Senate
had provided for the widows and children of cer-
tain persons. I have here a note from Mr. Frank-
lin, who has charge of the work on the Capitol,
in these words:
"Mrs. Richardson, the bearer of this, is the widow of the
man that was killed on the new dome of the Capitol by the
falling of a deruck. tie was in the employment of the Uni-
ted States at the time ot his death. I have heard that she
and her fourchildien are entuely destitute, and in need of
assistance. She ha  requested me to make this statement
to you.
'■ Respectfully yours,
"WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN."
I have not got them here now, if the Senate
should desire to see them; but there are several
instances where the Senate have done this thing;
and if they think this is a proper occasion, they
will do it. I have discharged my duty in making
this application.
Mr. HALE. I shall be perfectly willing to
make this appropriation; but, under the rule
adopted by the. Senate by a very decided vote, in
Mrs. Linn's case,and under the opinion given by
the Comptroller, which the Secretary acted upon,
the Senate cannot pay this out of the contingent
fund; and even if they were to pass this resolu-
tion, the Secretary would not pay it. No matter
how you may construe the rule, he construes it
differently, and so does Mr. Medill. I will cer-
tainly go as far as anybody to do what is here
proposed. If the Senator will introduce a bill to
give this amount, I will vote for it; but as we
have adopted a rule in regard to our contingent
fund, I think we had better adhere to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
blank m the resolution to be filled, the Chair would
remind the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HALE. I guess it had better not be filled.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I leave gentlemen, if
ethey ate disposed to give anything, to fill it with
any sum they please. The gentleman says we
decided the principle in Mrs. Linn's case. Per-
haps we did. But we decided in half a dozen
cases the other way. The question is, whether
the Senate will act upon its own construction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Comptroller said it
could not be done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But other Comptrollers
have decided that it could be done; and this same
Secretary has paid it m other cases. I suppose
any small sum wutild Ue of service to her. She
has four children; and is left entirely destitute by
the accident which occurred to her husband
Mr. GRIMES. I move to fill the blank With
the sum of $400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate,, as
amended; and the amendment was concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed fora
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am free to
say that I am wilting to go as far as any one in
regard to making these appropriations; but I can-
not see why it should be voted out of the contin-
gent fund. A man employed in the service of the
United States, during work loses his life; we .may
come forward and make an appropriation for his
widrtw or children* but I do not see why it should
be taken from the fund appropriated for the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate. If it is right to
appropriate the money, she should have this
amount appropriated by law. Senators should
not ask that it be paid out of the contingent fund
I will vote for it, if you put it in the shape of a
bill, and appropriate it out of the Treasury as it
should be; but here is an attempt by a resolution
to appropriate it out of the contingent fund. The
law provides that there shall be a certain amount
appropriated to defray the contingent expenses of
the Senate, but I do not see why or how this can
be a contingent expenditure of the Senate. If it
is right it should be appropriated by law, and I
will go for it cheerfully.
Mr. CHANDLER. This seems to be a mat-
ter of sympathy, and I will move an amendment
that it be taken out of the mileage of Senators pro
rata, each member paying the same amount.
Mr. HALE. If an amendment to the amend-
ment be in order, I move that it be taken out of
the mileage of those Senators traveling over a
thousand miles. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Michigan reduce his amendment to
1 writing?
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it.
Mr. HALE Then I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. KING. I ask for a division on the pas-
sage of this resolution. I. think it is against law.
Mr. POLK. I will suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that we make this a joint resolution
We all know the difficulty we had in Mrs. Linn's
case. We had at last to put Mrs. Linn's case on
an appropriation bill, in order to get her pay, after
there had been a resolution to pay her out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. That claim was
for mileage for her deceased husband, and there
was some piopriety in it. 1 think we should have
just as much trouble in attempting to pass this
resolution as we should have m passing a joint
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 concur in what has fallen
from the Senator from Missouri; and in order that
we may understand this matter, and be able to put
it in the shape of a joint resolution by morning,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I hope my friend will with-
draw it. I want to get up a bill for the relief of
a poor widow.
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot withdraw it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, February 88, 1861.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the War
Department, inclosing a copy of a communica-
tion from J. N. Macomb, embodying an estimate
for collecting the results of the San Juan explor-
ing expedition, amounting to $1,800; which wa^
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
COMPROMISE PETITIONS.
Mr. GILMER- I desire to lay before the House
