322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
objection to that motion, for th£ bill ought to be
recommitted to the Committee for the District
of Columbia for further consideration and for
amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I object. If the House will
allow me, I will say one word.
Mr. COBB, I object, too, to the motion to
recommit.
(Mr. CURTIS. I want to say a word on this
bill. l am not acquainted with a living man
named in it. It provides, of course, for a close
corporation. If you want a railroad'constructed,
it must be done by such a company. It is use-
less to provide that Congress shall have a right
to change, alter, and amend the bill, because no-
body would take stock in such a company if such
a right were provided for. There is not a gen-
tleman who knows of a railroad in the United
States where the charter authorizes anybody to
alter and change the entire character of the som-
pany.
Mr, BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
mo to say a word? If the gentleman will agree
to the recommitment of this bill to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, I tell him that re-
sponsible parties will undertake to build this road
and pay a premium for the privilege to the cities
of "Washington and Georgetown; while, at the
same time, they will agree to confer upon Con-
gress the right, at any time, to alter or amend the
charter.
Mr. CURTIS. It is always the cry in regard
to vailroad charters that somebody will bid lower
or higher. In this charter I find the name of
George W. Riggs, Esq. Everybody knows him
to be a very responsible and worthy man.
Mr. MAYNARD. He is only a commis-
sioner.
Mr. CURTIS. He will be one of those who
will load out in this matter. There is no city in
the United States where there are not railways in
the public streets—at least no city of any consid-
erable population.
Mr. SICKLES. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. CURTIS. First lot me complete what I
have to say on this point. The House has now
the opportunity of passing this bill; which will, I
think, secure the successful construction of a pas-
senger railway in this District,
Mr. SICKLES. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; I will hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 ask the gentleman whether
there ever was a grant made in this country for
any city railroad, or indeed for any railroad, with-
out reserving the right in the grantors to alter,
modify, or repeal at their pleasure? I know, where
•such a provision has not oeen inserted, it has been
repeatedly dccided by our highest courts that the
law confers absolute right, which no power on
earth can disturb. Are gentlemen of this House
prepared for that?
Mr. CURTIS. I have some experience in re-
spect of charters for the construction of railroads.
I certainly know of no instance where the right to
alter and amend has been reserved to any legis-
lative authority. Such a provision, in my judg-
ment, is incompatible with the successful construc-
tion of this road.
Mr. STANTON. 1 certainly object to the
gentleman's making an hour speech.
Mr. CURTIS. I am exceedingly anxious to
have this bill passed. This incumbrance putupon
it would, I think, defeat it, or at least destroy its
effectiveness. We would certainly prevent this
District from having a passenger railway if, be-
side that provision, we also inserted the provision
suggested by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sickles,] requiring the consent of every
owner of property upon the line of the road.
Mr. SICKLES, I propose to leave that, not
to one, but to the majority of the adjacent own-
ers. If you propose to disturb their franchises,
they certainly ought to be consulted about it.
Itflr. CURTIS. The gentleman, then, does not
propose to give the veto power to any one of the
adjacent owners of property.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sir; but I propose to
leave it to the majority of the adjacent owners of
property, which is the usual provision.
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw my objection to
that provision. I do not think it is material at all.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to order the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the Huusc refused to older the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SICKLES. I make another privileged
motion. I move that that motion be laid upon
the table.
Mr. GROW. I have not yet yielded the floor.
If my motion to reconsider be agreed to, I give
notice that I will propose to amend the bill by
inserting a provision, reserving to Congress the
right to alter, modify, amend, or repeal the act,
or any part thereof, at their pleasure. I now call
the previous question, on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. BURNETT. Is it in order to move that
this bill be recommitted?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania having called the
previous question.
Mr. GROW. I will withdraw the demand for
the previous question, so that the motion to re-
commit may bo made, and a vote had on it.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee for the District
of Columbia. Now, sir, will it be in order for
me to submit the reasons why I deem that motion
ought to be agreed to?
Mr, GROW. I have yielded only to the intro-
duction of the motion, and not to the gentleman
to make a speech. I have no objection to let the
gentleman from Kentucky have a vote on the mo-
,tion to recommit.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not take a moment.
Mr. GROW. I insist on my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. Is the motion to recommit
ponding ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
recommit is not m order, the bill not being before
the House. The motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, if adopted, will bring the bill up,
when the motion to recommit will be in order.
Mr. SICKLES. Is it in order to move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. SICKLES. I submit the motion to lay
upon the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the stote
of the Union on the civil appropriation bill? It
is evident that this bill cannot be disposed of to-
day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
go into committee is m order.
Mr, PHELPS. This day is set apart for the
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order, which js the civil appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The special order in commit-
tee is the business of the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that during this day, in committee
and in the House, the business of the District of
Columbia is the special order.
DISTRICT MILITIA.
Mr. STANTON. I move that House bill No.
860, to reorganize the militia of the District of
Columbia, be made the special order for this day.
It is District business.
Objection was made.
Mr. STANTON. I have the right to make
the motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It changes the
order of business, and is not, therefore, in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Sherman; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stanton in the chair.)
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOSPITAL.
The CHAIRMAN. This being the day set
apart for the consideration of the business of the
District of Columbia, the Calendar of that busi- I
ness will now be taken up. The first question is
House bill No. 552, to incorporate the regents of
a general hospital for the District of Columbia.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. GROW. It seems to me that that bill only
provides additional officers to be supported by the
Government.
Mr. CARTER. I move that the bill be in-
formally passed over^.
Mr. HUGHES. Let the bill be recommitted
to the Committee for the District of Columbia. I
move that it be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with that recommendation.
Mr. GROW. If it is to be reported to the
House, I want to say a word.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Carter's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was informally passed over.
WASHINGTON SCHOOLS.
An act (S. No. 200) directing the conveyance
of a lot of ground for the use of the public schools
in Washington city.
Mr. CARTER moved that the bill be inform-
ally passed over.
The motien was agreed to.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
A bill (H. R. No. 776) to incorporate the
Gruardian Society, and reform juvenile offenders
in the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, the first reading of,
the bill was dispensed with.
The bill was then read by sections for amend-
ment.
Mr. CARTER moved to amend the first sec-
tion, as follows:
Strike out the names of" Ulysses Ward, Andrew Noerr,
Wilson M. C. Fairfax, and Charles L. Coltman," amonjf
the corporators, and insert In lieu thereof, "John M, Broad-
head, Joseph Bryan, Peter M. Higinbotham, and Thomas
C. Jenner;" and in line ten, after the word " dollars,''
insert " annually."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the bill
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stanton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the special order, being business relating to the
District of Columbia, and had directed him to re-
port back, with an amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 766)
to incorporate the Guardian Society, and reform
juvenile offenders in the District of Columbia.
RAILROADS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BURNETT. I now appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion
in reference to the bill we had up in the House,
and permit me to move to recommit it to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to that being
done.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I submit the motion
to recommit that bill to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and upon that I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CURTIS. I would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if that is not going to delay the
business of the District so far as to prevent our
doing justice to the people of this city? Can he
satisfy us that he can report the bill in a short
time, and set apart a day for the purpose of com-
pleting this business?
Mr. BURNETT. In response to the gentle-
man, I say that, as the bill now stands upon the
Calendar, it will be impossible for us to pass it
now, and in its present condition. If it is recom-
mitted, we certainly can perfect the bill; and we
will have an opportunity to report it back and
take action upon it when the Committee for the
District of Columbia is next called, which will
be before the session is over.
Mr. CURTIS. I should have no objection to
the mt)tion, if the committee could report in a
reasonable time. Suppose you fix a day certain
for the report by the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. That would be a matter for
the determination of the House*, and if they will
