824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ag having been rendered null and void by such
infraction, and thus take herself out of the Union,
she has a perfect right to do so; at the same time
that another StMe may, with equal right, determ-
ine, as her mode of redress, to contend for her
rights in the Union.
This is the leading principle of the Kentucky
resolutions of 1798, adopted by the Democratic
convention in Cincinnati, in 1856, and to the cor-
dialsupport of which the whole party, with James
Buchanan at its head, stand pledged before the
world. Both of the wings of that party, in the
late presidential contest, also stood pledged to this
doctrine; not only by the fact that both, as one
party, supported Mr. Buchanan in 1856 with this
platform, but likewise and especially for the rea-
son that both conventions—that which put in
nomination Judge Douglas, as well as that which
supported Major Breckinridge—readopted and
reaffirmed the Cincinnati platform. It ought,
therefore, to be a matter of profound astonish-
ment that any man who calls himself a Democrat,
whether occupying a high or a low position in
the party, should now deny the existence of the
right of States to secede, whenever, in their opin-
ion, the compact has been violated so as to con-
stitute just cause, and that secession >s the proper
"mode and measure of redress." Is the denial
of that right carrying out the Kentucky resolu-
tions "in their obvious meaningand import?" But
this is a question of too transcendent interest, and
involves too much of weal or woe to the people
of this country, to be decided by any mere party
test. Does the right really exist? May a State,
believing that the princip'cs of the compact, have
been violated and her rights invaded, peacefully
separate herself from the Federal Union. If so,
any attempt to coerce such a Slate will be wholly
without warrant, and will place those making
such an attempt clearly in the wrong.
In order to a proper solution of this question,
the history of the foundation of tiiis Government,
as well as the antecedent history of the States,
must be carefully studied. A few of the most
prominent items of that history will constitute
data from which we may at this time derive con-
clusions of vast moment.
1. Thq thirteen colonies which, after their sep-
arationfrom Great Britain, united together in the
formation of this Government, were, previous to
that separation us colonial dependencies of Great,
Britain, wholly sepaiate from and independent
of each other. Their relationship to a common
sovereign heaid was the only tie which, in any
political respect, bound them to each other. As
colonies of Great Britain, some had been settled
at one time and some at another; some were
provinces of another Government, brought under
British domination by conquest. The govern-
ments insome were provisional, in some proprie-
tary, and in some established by charter. They
were, therefore, essentially distinct and separate
from each other, exhibiting no elements of one-
ness.
2. On the 4th day of July, 177G, these several
separate and distinct colonies of Great Britain, in
Congress assembled in the city of Philadelphia,
united in a common Declaration of Independence,
in which they declared, not that the people of
those colonies, either in theirindividual capacity
or in the aggregate, were free and independent of
Great Britain, but that these united colonies are,
and of right ought to be, free and independent
States: not only freo from Great Britain, but free
from each other; not only independent of Great
Britain, but independent of each other. That this
is the true intent and meaning of that document
is clearly evident from another clause, in which
it is said:
"And as free and Independent States, they have full
power to levy war, conclude peace, contiact alhanccs,
establish commerce, and to do all other acts and tilings
winch independent States may ouight do."
Thus each State is declared to be free and m-
dependent alilto of Great Britain and of all other
Powers; and each is entitled to exercise all the
powers and prerogatives of sovereignty. It was
for the support of this declaration, that, with a
firm reliance on the protection of Divine Provi-
dence, our ancestors mutually pledged to each
other their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred
honor. That this is the true light in which to
view the Declaiatiou of Independence, has been
judicially decided, in the case of Ware vs. Hyl-
ton, 3 Dallas's Reports, page 199. In rendering
the opinion of the court, Judge Chase says:
" I consider the Declaration of Independence as a dec-
laration, not that the united colonies jointly, in a collective
capacity, wore independent States, but that each of them
was an independent State."
That is, that each of them had a right to gov-
ern itself by its own authority, and its own laws,
without any control from any other power on
! earth.
This, then, is the true character of the Decla-
ration of Independence. It asserts the separate
and individual independence, freedom, and sover-
eignty of each of the thirteen States. It was in
support of this declaration that they fought the
fierce battles of the Revolution; and in this con-
flict they were successful—gained the very point
asserted in the declaration, to wit: the separate
sovereignty of each State; for the treaty of peace
between Great Britain and the United States, rati-
j fied in the year 1784, distinctly recognized the sov-
! ereignty of each of the States by name.
3. Previous to the ratification of this treaty,
however—to wit: on the 9th day of July, in the
year 1778, and only two years after the Declara-
tion of Independence—the several States, in Con-
gress assembled, adopted Articles of Confedera-
tion and Perpetual Union. The very idea of a
confederation implies riot only the previous sov-
ereignty of the confederate parties, but their con-
tinued sovereignty also; for the same sovereign
power necessary in the formation of such a com-
pact is also essential to its preservation. But we
have no need to rely on mere inference; for the
first two articles of that document read as fol-
lows:
" Art. 1. The style of this Confederacy shall be the Uni-
ted States of Ameuca.
"Art. 2. Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom,
and Independence, and every power, juiisdiction, and rijht
whichis not, by tiiis Confederation, expressly delegated to
the United States in Congress assembled."
There was in these articles no surrender of sov-
ereignty freedom, or independence. The cen-
tral Government was merely an agency estab-
lished for the purpose of protecting the equal and
common rights of the several members of the Con-
federacy. Certain definite powers were delegated
to it; every other power, jurisdiction, and right,
was expressly reserved to the States. The entire
language of that instrument, in all its parts, car-
ries indubitable evidence of the continued, inde-
pendent, separate sovereignty of each of the con-
federate States.
The Constitution under which our piesentGen-
eral Government claims its existence comes next
in order; and upon the correct understanding of
this instrument, guarded by the antecedent light
to which reference has been already made, must
depend the solution of the grave and momentous
question now in discussion before the American
people. It is contended on one hand that this
Constitution is an organic act, consolidating into
one Government all the people of this country;
constituting a General Government—over indi-
viduals of limited powers, it is true,yet absolute,
supreme, and unending, in relation to all matters
conceded to it—and that no State can separate
from the Union except by revolution or rebellion.
It is contended on the other hand that our present
Union, though more perfect than under the Arti-
cles of Confederation, is of the same general char-
acter—strictly a confederation of coequal sover-
eigns and independent States; a Union, it is true,
but not a union of individuals. It was, and is,
strictly and truly, a union—or confederation—
of States. The Constitution is a compact be-
tween those States, accoded to by each, and from
which any State may secede when the provisions
of that compact have been violated by the other
States. The former of these opinions was enter-
tained and defended by the old consolidationists,
who, in the early years of this Republic, by a
strange perversion of names, were called Feder-
alists; and the other opinion was maintained by
theanti-Federalists, or Republicans. John Adam's
and Alexander Hamilton were among tin; most
prominent of the Federal school; and Thomas
Jefferson and James Madison were among the
most distinguished representatives of the Repub-
lican faith. In more modern times Chief Justice
Story and Daniel Webster have been distin-
guished advocates of the Federal school; and John
C. Calhoun has excelled in the advocacy of Jef-
fersonian Republicanism.
January 10,
The State-rights, Democratic, or Jeffersonian
Republicans have always contended,
1. That at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution, the States were severally free, inde-
pendent, and sovereign.
2. That the present Union is the result of a con-
stitutional compact, to which each State, as an
independent sovereignty, acceded.
3. And that, as a consequence legitimately de-
ducible from these premises, each State may, in
the exercise of the same independent sovereignty,
secede from the Union. Hence, the convention
of South Carolina, in 1852, by a vote of 136 to
19, passed the following ordinance:
"That South Carolina, in the exercise of her sovereign
will as an independent State, acceded to the Federal Union,
Known as ihe United States of America, mid that, in the
exercise ol her sovereign will, it is lier light, without let
hindrance or molestation fiom any power whatever, to
secede from the said Federal Union ; and for the sufficiency
of the causes which may impel herto such sepaiation, she
is lesponsible alone, under God, to the tiibunal of public
opinion among the nations of the earth."
Mr. Calhoun holds the following language in
relation to this subject:
" That a State, as a party to the constitutional compact,
has the light to secede, acting in the same capacity in which
she rati lied the Constitution as a compact. If a power
should be inserted by the amending power which would
ladieally change the character of the Constitution or the
natiue of the system, or if the former should fail to fulfill
the ends of which it was established. This results neces-
sarily fiom the nature of a compact, when the parties to it
are sovereign, and, of course, have no higher authority to
which they may appeal. That the effect of secession would
be to place her in the relation of a foreign State to the
others, is equally clear. Nor is it less so that it would
make liei (not her citizens individually) responsible to them
in that character. All this results necessarily from the
nauue of a compact between sovereign parties."
Is not this correct reasoning? If the premises
aretruc, how can the conclusions be avoided. The
Federal party in the United States Senate in 1833,
under the leadership of Daniel Webster, con-
ceded the correctness of this reasoning and the
legitimacy of these conclusions, and joined issue
upon the matters of fact involved.
Mr. Webster says:
'•if, 111 adopting the Constitution, nothing was done but
acceding to a compact, nothing would seem necessary in
Older to break it up hut to secede liom the same compact."
The whole subject of the right of secession,
therefoie, turns upon the questions: Is the Gov-
ernment a confederation of coequal, sovereign
States? Is the Constitution a compact to which
the several States in theirsovereign capacity have
acceded? ^ It is exceedingly difficult to get at the
true position of the Federalists on this point. At
one time they will admit the independence and
sovereignty of the States, and at another time
deny the same. At one time they admit the Con-
stitution to be a compact; at another time they
deny it.
Judge Story, one of the ablest and most dis-
tinguished of the Federal writers, in his elaborate
work on the Constitution, though he strives to
write with great caution and wariness, is not free
from such contradictions and incongruities. In
a note to page 362, he quotes some very disin-
genuous remarks from the opinion of the Supreme
Court in the case of McCulloch vs. Maryland,
in relation to the fact that the Constitution was
finally ratified by conventionsof theseveral States.
He says:
"Thev acted upon it in the only manner in which they
can act safely, effectively, and '.vi-elv on such a subject,
by assembling in convention. Jt is true that they assem-
bled in their seveiaS States; and whore else should they
have assembled?_ No political dieamer was ever wild
enough to thmkof breakiugdovvn the lines which separate
the Slates, and of compounding the American people in
one common muss."
This was an unfair, unjust, and incorrect rep-
resentation of the position of his opponents. It
is not because the conventions assembled in the
several States, but because those conventions were
the delegated assemblies of the States, that this
fact presents an argument in conflict with the
Federal orconsolidation theory. But Judge Story
says:
" No political dreamer was ever wild enough to think of
bieakm? down the lines which separate the States, and
of compounding the Amencan people into one common
mass."
Yet, on the very next page, he quotes from
Mr. Webster's speeches, introducing the quota-
tion as follows:
'£ The doctrine that the States are parties is a gratuitous
assumption ; in the language of a most distinguished states-
man, Mr. Webster, 4 The Constitution itself, in its very
