1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
••825
front, refutes that.' It declares that it is ordained and es-
tablished by the people ot the United States. Ho far fioai
saying that it was established by the governments of the
several States, it does not even say that it was established
by the people of the several States. Dutit pronounces tha-,
it is established by the people of the United States, in the
aggregate."
Now, is not this, so far as every practical pur-
pose is involved, literatiy "compounding the
American people into one common mass?" Does
not Judge Story show himself and Mr. Webster
to be "political dreamers of the wildestcharacter?"
But, in very truth, are not these distinguished
gentlemen entirely mistaken? The Constitution
does not say "in its very front," or anywhere
else, that it was ordained and established by the
people of the United States in the aggiegate, any
more than it says it was done " by the people of the
several States acting severally. The Constitu-
tion itself," in its very front, *5 pronounces neither
way, but simply that it was " ordained and estab-
lished by the people of the United States." The
truth of history, however, "m its very front,"
pronounces that it was done by the people of the
States severally, and not in the aggregate. The
doctrine that the States are parties, is what Judge
Story here pronounces to be a gratuitous assump-
tion; yet, in page 360, he thus introduces a quo-
tation from the Federalist:
" Tt was truly remarked by the Federalist, that the Con
stitution was the lesult, neither from adesiieof a majority
of the people of the United States, nor from that of a ma-
jority of the States. It resulted fioni the unanimous assent
of the seveial States that are parties to it."
If the States are " parties" to the Constitution,
how can the doctrine that the States are parties
be a " gratuitous assumption ?" In the celebrated
debate in thG United States Senate, m 1833, Mr.
Webster, in emphatic and almost indignant terms,
repudiates the phrase, "constitutional compact,"
which Mr. Calhoun had employed m his resolu-
tions, declaring that" the word compact was not a
constitutional modeof expression." Yet, in his
great speech in reply to Haync, delivered in the
United States Senate on the 20th day of June,
1330—less than a year previous to this debate—
Mr. Webster, in allusion to the basis of repre-
sentation in the slave States, says:
" Nevertheless, I do not complain, nor would I counte-
nance any movement to alter this arrangement of lepre-
sentation. It is the original baigain to the compact; let it
stand ; let the advantages of it he fully enjoyed. The Union
itself is too full of benefits to be hazarded in piopo^mons
for changing its original basis. I go for the Constitution as
it is; and for the Uuion as it is ; but I am resolved not to
submit in silence to accusations cither against my>eU in-
dividually or against the North—wholly untounded and un-
just; accusation* which impute to us a disposition to evade
the constitutional compacts, and to extend rliepnvveis of
the Government over the internal laws and domestic con-
dition of the States."
It is here apparent that Mr. Webster himself,
when not displaying the wariness of the skillful
debater,could talkasfreclyof the" constitutional
compact " as any one else. And if Mr. Webster
and Judge Story, the two greatest lights of the
Federal school, are thus incongruous and contra-
dictory in their statements and reasonings, what
must be thought of the cause which leads them
into such confusion ?
In the late message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, addressed to the two Houses of Con-
gress, in speaking of the right of secession, the
President says:
" Such a principle is wholly inconsistent with the his-
tory as well as the character of the Federal Constitution.
After it was framed, with the greatest dehbeiation and care,
it was submitted to conventions of the people of the sev-
eral States for ratification. Its pioviMons were discussed
at length in these bodies, composed of the first men of the
country. Its opponents contended that it conferred powers
upon the Federal Government dangerous to the rights of
the States; while its advocates maintained that under a
fair construction of the instrument there was no founda-
tion for such apprehensions. In that mightystuiggle be-
tween the first intellects of this or any other countiy, it
never occurred to any individual, either among its oppo-
nents oi advocates, to assert, or even to intimate, that their
effoits were all vain iaboi, because the moment that any
Stale felt herself aggueved shy might secede from the
Union ' What a eiushing argument would this have proved
against those who dreaded that the rights o( the States
would be endang^ied by the Constitution! The truth is,
that it was not until many years after the ougin of the
Fcdeia! Government that such a proposition was first
advanced."
This is going hack to the proper source of in-
formation on the subject. But is the President
coriect? Is it true, that the States, in establish-
ing a General Government, with specific powers
accurately defined in the constitutional compact,
really understood at the time, that they never !
could revoke the act by which they ratified the
Constitution, nor resume the powers which by
that instrument they had delegated to the Gene-
ral Government, no matter how much those del-
egated powers might be perverted to their injury,
nor to what extent some of the members of the
Confederacy might violate the clearly expressed
provisions of the compact? If such was the un-
derstanding, it can doubtless be determined by
reference to the history of the times. The States
of Massachusetts and New Hampshire, in the
acts by which they ratified the Constitution, used
the following language:
" Acknowledging with gratetul hearts the goodness of the
Supreme ituler of the Umveise, in affording the people of
the United States, in the course of providence, an opportu-
nity, deliberately and peacefully, without fiaud or surprise,
of entering into an explicit and solemn compact with each
other, by assenting to and ratifying a new Constitution,"
And then proceeds, on behalf of those States,
to assent to and ratify the Constitution.
This clearly establishes the fact, that these two
States regaided the Constitution as a compact,
acceded to, or assented to, by the States as sov-
ereign contracting parties.
Virginia, in ratifying, said:
(C Do, in the name and in behalf of the people of Viiginia,
declare and make known, that the powers granted under
the Constitution, being derived fiom the people of the Uni-
ted States, be resumed by them whenever the tame shall
be peiveited to their injury or oppression; and thai eveiy
power, not gianted theieby, remains with them at their
will."
New York said:
u That the powers of the General Government maybe
assumed by the people whenever it shall become neoe=saiy
to their happiness ; mat even* power, jurisdiction, and right
which is not, by the said Constitution, cleaily delegated to
the Congiesa of the United Stati-s, oi to the depaitmcnts
ot the Government thereof, i.'mams to the people of the
several States, or to their le&peetive State governments,to
whom they may have gianted the same."
Rhode Island also declared:
" That the powers of the Government may be resumed
by the people when necessaiy to their happiness; and that
all rights not delegated to Congress by this iiiftuimont (the
Constitution ot tlie United States) lemain to the people of
the several States, oi theii State governments."
It must be entirely apparent now that the Pres-
ident is laboring under a mistake as to the facts
of the case. It is not true that it was many years
after the origin of the Federal Government, be-
fore such a proposition was advanced as that.
The people of the seveial States who had dele-
gated these powers to the General Government
might, for good cause, resume them again. Two
of the States, in adopting the Constitution, em-
ploy language which clearly implies this right;
and three other States distinctly affirm the right.
In the convention of New York a proposition
was submitted, that they ratify the Constitution
forapcno(Jof ten years, at which time they mi^ht
revoke their ratification of it if they chose. Tiiis
proposition was voted down, and the one just
quoted was adopted, by which that State claimed
the right to do so " whenever it shall become ne-
cessary for their happiness," without any limita-
tion of time. Surely these are facts which ought
for ever to settle this question. In view of them,
who can doubt, at least that those who framed
this Government, believed that the people of the
several States might resume the powers which
they had confided to the Federal Government,
whenever it would be to their interest to do so,
or, at least, whenever—to use the language ot
Virginia—those powers "shall be perverted to
their injury or oppression." This is all that South
Carolina now contends for. J t is on this principle
she is acting, believing that the powers she has
delegated to the Federal Government are being
perverted to her injury and oppression, she has
revoked the act by which she ratified the Consti-
tution, and resumed the delegated powers.
Other southern States pursue the same course.
Deny their right to do so if you will; but you
cannot, must not, deny that precisely this right
was claimed, distinctly and definitely, by at least
three of the original States at the time of their
entermginto the compact; northatthey would not
have been entered into with other understanding.
The President thinks the Legislatures of those
States which have passed personal liberty bills m
direct contravention of the Constitution and laws
of Congress, ought immediately to repeal those
offensive bills, and says: 4
"The southern States, standing on the basis of the Con-
stitution, have ,i ngnt to demand this act of justice from
the States of the North. Should it be refused,'then tbe
Constitution, to which all the States are parties, wjll hove
been willfully violated by one portion of them in a provis-
ion essential to the domestic security and liapplnesssbf the
remainder. In that event, the injured States, afteHiaviflg
first used ali peaceful and constitutional means to obtain
redress, would be justified In revolutionary resistance to
the Government of the Union."
Now, with all due deference to_the President I
submit that this is bad logic; that the conclusion
is not as broad as the premises demand. This
language seems to concede that the Constitution
is a compact to which the several States are par-
ties. If one portion of the parties to that compact
" willfully violate oneof its essential provisions"
is there no redress but " revolutionary resist-
ance?" Since all the powers possessed by the
General Government have been delegated to itby
the people of the respective States, when those
powers are perverted to the injury and oppression
of those people, or some of the parties to the com-
pact by which those powers are delegated, are v
44 willfully violated in some of its most essential
provisions,"and such violation persisted in, why
may not the injured parties peacefully recall the
powers which they have so delegated, and sepa-
rate themselves from that General Government?
Is it true that we have no peaceful remedy; that
forcible "revolutionary resistance" is the only
alternative left?
There is one more paragraph in this remarkable
document demanding a moment's attention at this
point. It is this:
<k in order to justify secession as a constitutional remedy,
it must be on the principle that the Federal Government is
a nine voluntary a.*,sociation of States, to be dissolved at
pleasure by any one of the contracting parties. If this be
si>, the Confederacy is a rope of sand, to be penetrated and
dissolved by the flr>tadverse wave of public opinion in any
of the States. In this manner our thirty-three Stales may
resolve themselves into as many petty, jarring, and hostile
i epublics, each one retiring from the Union, without re-
sponsibility, whenever any sudden excitement might itnpel
them to such a course. By this process, a Union might be
entueiy broken into fragments in a few weeks, which cost
our foiefathers many years of toil, privation, and blood, to
establish."
There is a transparent sophism in this very-
phrase, " secession as a constitutional remedy;"
and in secession, as a -constitutional right. No
one pretends that the Constitution itself provides
such a remedy, or gives origin to such a right.
The right is one of the prerogatives of sovereignty.
The same sovereign power by which the States
severally acceded to the compact will enable them
to sccede from it. This right is an original ele-
ment of state sovereignty, a power which was not
delegated to the General Government; and could
not be surrendered by the States, without an ab-
rogation of the States themselves. But '* if it be
so, the confederacy is a rope of sand." Truly
the framers of this Government never intended tt
to be held together by force; nor can it, so far as
it is a confederation between States, be preserved
by force.
Self-interest, and the existence of equal com-
mon rights, impelled the States to form this Union,
intending that the general interest of all, and an
organized system of mutual good offices, recipro-
cal affection and regard, would impel each party
to the compact to a faithful observance of its stip-
ulations. If self-interest, kindly feeling, a noble
sense of justice, reciprocally felt and manifested,
do not constitute a ligament strong enough to hold
the States together, tl.ey will inevitably separate.
The noble men who formed this Government had
felt the galling yoke of British power too keenly
to forge with their own hands chains of tyranny
still more oppressive. Those who had just freed
themselves by " revolutionary resistance," and at
the cost of great labor and sacrifice of human life,
from the heavy hand of sovereign tyranny, were
not the men to surrender their own State sover-
eignty into the hands of a centra! Power, armed
with the right, by force, to hold the confederated
members in their places, no matter how oppres-
sive that Power might be to the States, leaving no
redress to the oppressed and injured States but
to wade through another scene of revolutionary
strife.
This Union has now been in existence for almost
a century; our people have been accustomed to
this peculiar form of Government, and, were all
the States faithful to its provisions, none would
desire to leave it. " All experience has shown,
so says our Declaration of independence, " that
mankind are more disposed to suffer, while eviis
are sufferable, than to right themselves by abol-
