1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the time
has expired. He would not be disposed to en-
force the rule strictly against them, if we could
have order; but the Chair is compelled to decide
that the privileges of the members of the peace
conference upon this floor expired with the dis-
solution of that body.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is proper to ob-
serve that my remarks were not directed against
those who have been members of the peace con-
ference.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is proper to remark that I
do refer to them. I consider them as busybodics,
having no business upon this floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair directs the rule
to be enforced strictly, and that it must cover all
cases, including both members of the peace con-
ference and ex-members of Congress.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the joint resolution; and it was decided 111 the
affirmative—yeas 133, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailcs F. Adam>, Gieen Adams, Ad-
ram, Aldiich. William C. Andeiton, Avoiy, Bdbbitt, I3,wr,
Barret, Bocock, Hotelet, Bouligny, l>ial)M>n, ttMiieh,
Bngg->, Bristow, Brown, Butch, Burnett, Huttei field,
Campbell, Horace F. Clark, John B. CUuk, Ulemen?., Clark
B. Cochtatte, John Cochrane, Coliax, Coiwin, Cox, James
Craig. Burton Craig'*, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dc
Jainutte, Delano, Dnnmick, Dunn, Edmuml«on, Etiult.->b,
Etheridge, Floience, Fouke, Ftenuh, Gaiueit, Gilmei,
Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, Joint T. flatus,
Haskin, flatton, Helmiek, Hoard, liolman, William How-
aid, William A. tJowaid, Hughes, iiumpluey, Jenkins,
Junkni, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kiliiasei,
Kunkel, Lanabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Losan, Ma-
clay, Mallory, Chailc-s D. Mai tin, Elbeit S. Matim, May-
mud, McCletu.ind, McKenty, McKnighr. McPher&ou, M til-
son, Montgouif-iy, Laban T. Mooie, Moorhead, Moutll,
Edward Joy MoiiH, Isaac N. Moms;, Mow, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Nixon, Noclf, Ol'ti, Pahnei, Pendleton, Peuon,
Phelps, Poiter, Piv«i, Q.uailc-', John II. Itcvnoldn, t'uee,
Riag->, Cliiis'tophet Robni-ou, Jaine-- ('. llobniton, llitfliti,
Hu'st, Scott, Scianton. Sheinian, fickle-, Mmm-, William
N. 11 Smith, Spauldui^, Stanton, ?2tMvrn-o:i, Jame-; A.
Stewart, Stokes,, Stout, Stiatton, Thaj cr. Theaket Tuom-
a*. Tiiinble, Valiandt^hain, Vance, Vet tee. Web-ter,
Whitelev, Wmdum, Win>i6w, Wood, Woodson, and
Wnght—133.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashlev, Beale, Bmsrhani, Blait,
Blake, Biayton, Butfinlon, Builingauie, Buiuliain, Caiev,
Carter, Case, Cobuin, Conkhng, Conway, I)a\ve-, Dueii,
Edgcrton, Eaxvard^, Eliot, Ely. Fat nsswoirh, Fenian. Fei ly,
Foster, Frank,Gooch,Giow, Uurley, Hielsinan, ilmdman,
fituciun«, iivine. Fiancis W. Kellogg, DeWiitC. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Lootnis, Lovejoy, Maiston, Mcluan,
Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. ileynolds, Koyee. Sedg-
wick, Somes, Spinnei, Stevens, William Stewatt, Tap-
pan, Tompkins, Train, Vandevei, Van Wyek. Wade,
Waidron, Walton, Oadwalader C.'Wathbuin, Eihhu B.
Washbuine, Welb, Wilson, and VVoodiuff—6a.
The SPEAKER announced that the joint res-
olution, having received the constitutional major-
ity of two thirds of the House, was passed.
[The announcement was received with loud and
prolonged applause, both on the floor and in the
galleries.]
Before the vote was announced,
Mr COVODE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Mil ward.
Mr. ASHLEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Constitution requires that two thirds
of both Houses of Congress shall be required to
propose amendments to the Constitution of the
United States. The vote, as stated by the Chair,
upon the passage of this joint resolution, is 133
in the affirmative and G5 in the r^gativc. I make
the point that a majority of two thirds of a quo-
rum does not comply with this provision of the
Constitution, and that two thirds of tiie House,
within the meaning of the Constitution, has not
voted for the joint resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The House is
composed of the members who are present.
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and on that appeal I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The precedents will be read
by the Clerk.
^ Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I rise to a question
which has priority to all others. If a motion to
reconsider can be entertained, I make it, and move
that it belaid upon the table; but I understand
that a motion to reconsider is not now m order.
The SPEAKER. The question has already
been once reconsidered, and another motion to
reconsider is not in order. In a similar case to
this, the Clerk will read the decision then made.
It is to be found in Barclay's Digest, page 169.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The ' two thirds.5 by which a vetoed bill is required to
be approved before it becomes a Jaw, ha* been construed
m both Houses to mean ' two thirds of the members pres-
ent,"—Journal, fiu-t session, Thirty-Fourth Congress, pp.
1176, 1178, HOJ, (in all of winch cases one bundled and
fifty ^i\ affirmative votes would have been ncceesary to
pass the bills if £ two thirds of the mcmbeis elected' had
been leqniied,) and Senate Journal, first session, Thirty-
Fourth Congress, p. 419.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would like to say a single
word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ASHLEY. I yield to the gentleman from
Pen nsylvania.
Mr. HICKMAN took the floor.
Mr. CRAIG. of Missouri. Is the appeal de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the Chair de-
sires to hoar the opinions of gentlemen on the
point of order. The. same privilege has hereto-
fore been extended to members upon both sides.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 demand thatevery membershall
be required to take and occupy his seat, and to
suspend conversation; and that no member shall
be allowed to address the Chair except the mem-
ber to whom the floor has been assigned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will so order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I ask, for the
purpose of enforcing the rules, that the Chair shall
call members by name, and continue to do so until
they take their seats.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be compelled
' to do so. It is a proper order; and the Chair will
! make it. Members will he called by name, unless
i they take their seats,and cease from conversation.
i Mi. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, the decision
j to which reference has been made, I apprehend
i rests upon a very different question from the one
j now presented to the Chair for its decision. The
I Constitution declares, (in article five, I believe it
is,) that " two thirds of both Houses" shall be re-
quired to propose " amendments to thisConstitu-
tion." Section four, article one, declares that it
shall require a majority of each House to con-
stitute a quorum. The language of the two articles
is precisely similar in its import. It has also been
decided that it is notineiely a majority of the
members of the House in attendance regularly
upon the sittings, but a majority of the whole
House as made up under the provisions of exist-
ing law. This House being now constituted of
two hundred and thirty-seven members, it will re-
quire a majority of that number to enable this
House to do any business legally. Wc have al-
I ready refused to consider the seats of the retiring
' members as vacant; and although we cannot now
reach ihe number of two hundred by possibility,
we still require a majority of the two hundred and
thirty-seven to be present. It has been decided
that it is a majority of the House dejure which
is necessary to make up a quorum.
Then why should wc differ in oar construction
of another article of the Constitution, almost in
tolidcm verbis, certainly of precisely similar im-
port? Shall wc not require, when so important
an act is to be determined as proposing amend-
ments to the fundamental law, that we will con-
strue it according to safe rules and precedents?
As there is no precedent yet established in this
House bearing directly upon this question, I urge
upon the consideration of the Speaker this view:
that it is two thirds of the House de jure, and not
as we may happen to find it at the time; for if one
hundred and twenty members here constitute a
quorum, the Chair, under the decision which he
proposes to make, will decide that two thirds of
that one hundred and twenty will be sufficient to
propose an amendment to the Constitution This
provision is more sacrcd in its character than that
m reference to a quorum, and theie is no reason
why we should not require a majority of the full
House. I contend it is so contemplated; that our
decisions of analogy will require us to come to
this same conclusion; and that^any other one is
as unsafe as it is unfounded.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not know,
Mr. Speaker, that this question is debatable, or
that it is necessary that we should have debate to
arilve at a conclusion. For myself, I think that
the correctness of the Chair's decision is patent
on it face. We are either a House of .Congress
or we are not a House of Congress/ If wc are
no House of Congress, then we cannot do any
business. It is provided that a majority of each
House shall constitute a quorum to do'business.
Therefore, a quorum of each House may do busi-
ness in that House; and, if it requires a House
to transact business, a quorum is a House for that
purpose. Now, the provision of the Constitution,
in article five, requiring that Congress, " when-
ever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it ne-
cessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-
stitution, " refers to this state of facts, namely I
the two Houses that, under the Constitution, with
a quorum present, are prepared to do the business
of legislation for the land. That is the full mean-
ing of the Constitution applicable to this point.
Therefore I think, without a shadow of a doubt,
that it is clear that the Constitution refers to two
thirds of each House that may, as a House, trans-
act the business of legislation for the country.
Mr. SICKLES. The authorities on this subject
are as numerous as the statutes which Congress
has passed; because, if the argument as made on
the other side by thegentleman from Pennsylvania
be true, that two thirds of all elected are reqnuired
to propose an amendment to the Constitution, a
fortiori t a majority of all elected should be neces-
sary to pass a statute. But that was never ap-
prehended; and consequently every statute we
liave passed by a majority of a quorum, is an au-
thority in support of the position of the Chair.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of my friend from New York, [Mr. John Coch-
rane,] I will interpose a remark or two. I think
that the Constitution itself settles this question
substantially, if not in terms. The fifth section
of the first article reads as follows:
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its members, and a majority of each
shall constitute a quoium to do business."
Thus it appears, that a House may consist of
a quorum, and that a quorum may consist of a
majority; therefore, two thirds of a majority of
thcwkole House, or all the members of the House,
having voted for the resolution, it is constitution-
ally proposed as an amendment to the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. COLFAX. The case rests upon a still
higher argumen t than that presented by the gentle-
man from New York. If he examines the Con-
stitution, he will find, in the seventh section of
article one, that it is provided that the President,
when he vetoes a bill, shall send it back to the
House where it originated. " If,.after such con-
sideration, two thirds of that House shall agree
to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the
objections, to the other House, by which it shall
be likewise reconsidered; and if approved by two
thirds of that House, it shall become a law"—
bccome a law, notwithstanding the veto. This
is the exact language which my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hickman] quotes as the basis of his
argument. He says: " two thirds of theHouse."
During all presidential terms, from Washington
to now, it has always been conceded that a two-
thirds vote, exactly such as the vote just taken,
is sufficient to comply with the requirements of
the Constitution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There cannot be
, a question remaining concerning the correctness
of the Chair's decision. If the argument of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania be correct, then it
will apply to every vote taken here upon any bill
which is declared to be carried or lost. The re-
marks of the gentleman from New York are to the
same intent and purpose, while those of the gen-
tleman from Indiana are but a repetition of the
authorities proclaimed at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The Chairoverrulesthe'point
of order. In the case of bills vetoed, " two thirds
of the House" is the language used. In this case
precisely the same language is used—two-thirds
of both Houses. Now, what is the House of Con-
gress? Itis a quorum, a majority of members, to
transact business. It appears, therefore, to the
Chair, that there is nothing in the point raised;
and he overrules it. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania appeals from that de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his appeal. He has made the point,
and it has been decided.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw the appeal.
