1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
with Mexico, and known as the Gadsden treaty,
rthenstodd by the side of those gentlemen in this
House who claimed that they had a right, if they
chose, to withhold money stipulated to be paid
by the Government of the United States to Mex-
ico, if their judgment did not approve the treaty.
I, however, did approve of that treaty, and gave
the bill my support, bccause the treaty was made
in accordance with my views.
I merely mention these instances in which this
question has been a subject-matter of discussion;
and although there is a diversity of opinion on the
subject, still I must be permitted to entertain my
own views and act accordingly.
MESSAGE FROM TIJE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed an act (H.R.
No. 864) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30> 1865.
An act (H. R. No.' 714) establishing certain
post routes; and
An act to refund to the Territory of Utah the
expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in the year 1853.
Also, that an act for the relief of Hockaday &
Ligget, having been presented to thePresklenton
the 16th of February, 1861, and not having been
returned by him within ten days, (Sundays ex-
cepted,) it has now become a law under the Con-
stitution of the United States.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will under-
stand that 1 did not mean to controvert his opin-
ion. I merely desired to know what his opinion
was.
Mr. PHELPS. As I have previously stated,
those who are in favor of this appropriation say
we are bound, by this treaty and the award of the
Senate which was made under it, to appropriate
the amount specified in this amendment, and also
the $2,900,000 claimed to be for the Choctawsby
virtue of the award of the Seriate. Mr. Speaker,
if we pay this $1,200,000 contained in the amend-
ment of the Senate to this bill, and pay it on the
ground that it is due, I say that those who make
the appropriation are bound to appropriate the
additional amount whenever it is demanded by
the Indians. I desire to call the attention of the
House to the circumstances under which this
treaty was negotiated, that they may see upon
what ground the House is now uiged to pay the
award of the Senate.
This'award was made by the Senate of the Uni-
ted States at a called session, held after the regu-
lar session had expired, nearly two years ago,in
the month of March, 1859. I have the award
before me, and the entire debate of the Senate
upon the adoption of that award. On the motion
of Mr. Sebastian, the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the resolutions reported by him from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, on the 15th of Feb-
ruary. One of these resolutions was, on motion
of Mr. Sebastian, so amended as to read as fol-
lows:
" Resolved, That the Choctaws be allowed the proceeds
of the sale of such lands as have been sold by the United
States on the 1st day of January last, deducting therehom
the costs of their Mirvey and - ale, and all proper expend-
itures and payments under find tieary, excluding the res-
crvations allowed and r-ecured, and estimating the scup
issued in lieu ol reservations at the rate oi ,-§1 25 per acre ;
and, further, that they be also allowed twelve and a halt
cents pei acre for the residue of said lands/'
The Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate
when they reported a bill at the last session of
Congress to pay the Choctaw money involved in
this award, took the liberty of making a deduc-
tion of about six hundred thousand dollars from
the amoufH of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands in the State of Mississippi ceded by
the Choctaws. They deducted five per cent, from
the net proceeds of the sales of the lands which,
by the Jaws of the United States, had been do-
nated to the State of Mississippi for the purpose
of internal improvement. They also made a de-
duction from the amount embraced in the award
of the lands donated to the State of Mississippi for
railroad purposes. But, Mr. Speaker, 1 say that
if these Indians are entitled to the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands in Mississippi ceded by
them, they are entitled to them without this deduc-
tion; they are entitled to the whole amount with-
out the deduction proposed by the Committee on
Indian Affairs. When this award was under
consideration, the following is an extract from
the debate which took place—the entire debate
not consuming fifteen minutes:
" Mr. King. About what is the amount to be paid f
" Mr. Sebastian. It is almost Impossible to arrive at
a correct conclusion as to the real amount to winch they
are entitled. It is very large; and the amount which this
resolution will give them is fai below what they are enti-
tled to, in the opinion of the committee.
"Mr. King. Will it give them §1,000,000, or what sum:
"Mr. Sebastian*. I think when the account is stated, it
will be between eight hundred thousand and a million dol-
lars. We got a large amount of land for nothing.
" Mr. King. It is a pretty large sum' to be voted in this
way.
" The resolutions were adopted."
It therefore appears that, during the called ses-
sion of the Senate, in March, 1859, this resolution
came up and was adopted. From the debate which
took place at the last session of Congress, when
the bill was under consideration in the Senate, for
the purpose of paying these Indians their money
under the award, a ilebate then took place; and I
now read from the remarks of Mr. Toombs, on
that occasion, when alluding to the appropriation
for these Indians, under the treaty stipulations to
which I have referred. He said:
"This matter, under the treaty of 1855, was referred to
the Secretary of the Interior, to state the account under a
icsolution passed at the extra session, last spring, when I
was not heie. We did agree to give the Indians the net
proceeds ; but the difficulty is as to what are net proceeds.
I think, indeed I know, that we agreed to a very wrong thing.
There never was a solitary foundation of it on the face of
the earth ; and how anybody could havcioted for it, I cannot
imagine, because it i* plainly m the face of the treaty—
every hue and every woui of it. The Indians were to have
ceitam reseivanons, and we were to have the rest ot the
land. Wc actually took it and sold it, and got $3,000,000
for it, and our people kept it for a quarter of a century be-
fore there was ever a woid said about this demand of the
net proceeds of all the land-* on the Mississippi, which had
belonged to the Indians. It is a claim wholly unsustain-
able by one line in the treaty, according to my judgment.
This question came up when I happened to be a member
of the Indian committee, some year?, ajo, and I gave atten-
tion to it as a member of that committee/'
Mr. Speaker, I concur in the opinion expressed
by Mr. Toombs, in his construction of the treaty
of 1830, that there is no shadow of foundation for
this claim upon the part of these Indians, to the
net proceeds of the sales of the lands ceded to us
by them. And how this claim can be sustained
m the mind of any person who has examined the
treaty, or how it can have been so decided in the
Senate of the United States,! cmnot understand.
Why we should be called on, in pursuance of
this award, to appropriate two or three million
dollars, when one of the members of the body
which made the award, himself stated that the
claim had not a shadow of foundation under the
treaty of 1830, I am at a loss to comprehend. He
says " it is a claim wholly unsupportahlc by one
line in the treaty, in my judgment." This is the
opinion of a Senator, after the ratification of the
treaty of 1855, and after the award was made. I
say, then, that there was no just claim upon the
part of these Indians for the amount included in
this award; and the very debates in the Senate,
when the award was made, show that it was upon
the statement of the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs that the whole account, when
stated, would not exceed eight hundred thousand
or a million dollars. Now, sir, the statement of
their account, which I hold in my hand, is for an
amount exceeding two million nine hundred thou-
sand dollars. But this statement shows that the
matter had been previously investigated in the De-
partment. I read from the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, at the first session of
this Congress. After staling the manner of mak-
ing up the award and the adjustment of the mat-
ters in dispute, he goes on to say:
" From the information thus caicfully collected, the re-
quired account has been stated, and it is herewith trans-
mitted.
i 'Though made up on a somewhat different basis, it will
be seen that the result of this account does not differ mate-
rially from that of the approximate statement contained in
the elaborate report made to you from thte office, on the 15th
of May, 1858, in answer to a series of queries fiom the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate,said statement
showmga balance of $-2,993,720 18, while that of the pres-
ent account is $2,981,247 30/'
It therefore appears that the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs communicated to the Senate, as
early as the J5th of May, 1858, before this award
was made by the Senate, that the probable ap-
proximate estimate of the amount to be provided
for, if the Senate should make such an award,
would be some two million nine hundred and
ninety-three thousand dollars.
Mr. Speaker, I, for one, am not prepared to sub-
mit to this award of the Senate. I am not prepared
to give it the validity and force of law by which
I am compelled not only to vote this % 1,200,000,
but to vote in future for the residue of this money.
And more than that, sir, if these Indians were en-
titled, in 1830, to the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, which by treaty of that year they
ceded to this Government in Mississippi, then do
I say that in equity they are entitled not only to
claim the whole of the $3,000,000, but the inter-
est on the whole amount during the time which
the Government have withheld the money from
them.
Rut, Mr. Speaker,'there is another aspect of
this case. I know that the House does not feel
disposed to listen—nor can it be expected that they
will, at the close of the session—to a debate aris-
ing upon the Indian appropriation bill. But, sir,
the magnitude of the sum in this amendment is
my apology for calling the attention of the House
to this question. Ihavenodesire,asiswellknown,
at any time to inflict a speech upon the members
of the House; but the magnitude of this proposed
appropriation demands of me and of this House
to oppose it until further and more mature con-
sideration shall be given to it.
To resume: I say that under the twelfth article
of the treaty of 1855, if the statement made by the
delegates of the Choctaw nation is correct, we
cannot pay this money to this tribe of Indians.
That twelfth article is as follows:
"In case the Senate shall award to the Choctaws the
net proceeds of the lands, ceded as aforesaid, the same
shall be teceived by them in full satisfaction of all their
claims against the United States, whether national or indi-
vidual, arising under any former treaty ; and the Choctaws
shall thereupon become liable and bound to pay all such
individual claims as may be adjudged by the proper author-
ities ofthe tube, to be equitable and just—the settlement
and payment to be made with the advice and under the
diicction of the United States agent for the tribe ; and so
much of the fund awarded by the Senate to the Choctaws
as the pioperauthonties theieof shall ascertain and determ-
ine to be nccessaiy loi the payment of the justhamiuies of
the tribe, shall, on their icquisition, be paid over to them
by the United States. But should the Senate allow a gross
sum, m lurther and full satisfaction of all their clanns,
whether national or individual, against the United States,
the same shall bo accepted by the Choctaws, and they shall
thereupon become liable fot, and bound to pay all the in-
dividual claims as aloresaid ; it being expressly understood
that the adjudication and decision of the Senate shall bo
final."
I have a communication upon the subject from
the commissioners or delegates of the Choctaws
themselves in regaid to tins matter; and they say
Washington, D. C., February 21, 1861.
Sir : We are very reluctant to trouble you about our busi-
ness but there is one point to which we beg leave to call
your attention, and which we aic sure has not been duly
conMdeted. In negotiating the treaty of 18n5, under which
the awatd of the Senate was made, the Choctaw commis-
sioners weie compelled to assent to a most extraordinary
piovi^ion. I5y teference to the twelfth article, you wiil find
that the Choctaw Nation are bound to pay all the debts due
by the United States to the individuals of the tribe. The
amount of indebtedness thus transferred from the United
State*, and jorced on the Choctaw Nation, is well nigh three
times the amount appropriated by the Seriate. A little re-
flection would satisfy you that this arbitrary and unpiece-
dented tieaty stipulation has placed the Choctaw commis-
sioners and government in'a most embarrassing position.
Won truly can we aver that it never would have been as-
sented to by us, it we could have anticipated that a solemn
avvaid of the Senate m our favor would not be promptly
carried into effect. Sir, is it not an extremely hard case,
that the Government of the United States should saddle on
our nation an immense debt of their own, and then unjustly
withhold fiom u? the money necessaiv to pay u> We can
never make our people believe that the poverty of your Gov-
ernment is a sufficient excuse for failing to pay a debt ad-
mitted to be. due to a weak, defenseless, and stnrvmg In-
dian tribe, when honor, good faith, justicc, and humanity,
all require its payment. Sir, our heaits are full. Our feel-
ings piompt us to say much.' But we forbear. We will say
no more.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obedi-
ent servants, P. P. PITCE1LYNN,
ISRAEL POIjSOM,
Choctaw L'ommvt'tioners.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman Committee IFays and
Means, House of Rcj)rcsentatives.
It will be seen, sir, that they declare the indebt-
edness of the United States to individuals to be
more than three times the amount appropriated
by the Senate, which amount is $1,200,000. What
becomes then of your treaty stipulation, by which
you agreed to pay out of the Treasury the amounts
due to individual Choctaws, so soon as their claims
shall be adjudicated by the authorities of the tribe ?
We hold the amount awarded these Indians in
