828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
*
I
I
A bill (No. 919) for the relief of P. M. Beau-
champ. and Betsey D. Townsend;
A bill (No. 920) for the relief of Marvin. M.
Hickox and A M. Pettingill, of Vigo county,
Indiana; and,
A bill (No. 921) for the relief of the assignee
of Hon. David C. Brodcrick, deceased.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 97) to au-
thorize the institution of a suit against the United
States, to test the title to lots Nos. 5 and 6 in the
Hospital square, in San Francisco, wi th ail amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 693) for the relief of Richard C. Martin.
FORTS AND ARSENALS IN THE STATES.
Mr. LANE. I now move to take up the res-
olution which was made the special order forone
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves to take up the resolution offered
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in
relation to the retrocession of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, &c., to certain of the
States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Hunter on the 2d instant:
Whereas certain forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards,
and other needful buildings, have been placed under the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States by a cossion to
that cffect from certain St.ites, and it may be the desire of
one or more of those States to resume the jurisdiction thus
ceded: Now. therefore,
Be it resolved-, That the President of the United States
ought to be authorized by law, upon the application of the
Legislature, or ofa regular convention of the people of any
such States, to retroeede this jurhdictlon to such States,
upon taking proper security for the safe-keeping and return
of all the property of the United States, or lor paytn« lor
the value of the same if destroyed or injuied by the net of
any of the States making such application.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate; and the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to olTeran amend-
ment to the resolution of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I give way to the amend-
ment, provided I do not lose the floor by it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Semitordoes
not lose the floor. It is by courtesy that the
amendment is read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Trumbull; which is, to strikeout the preamble
of the resolution, and after the word " that,"and
in lieu of it, to insert:
Wt: fully approve of the bold nnrt patriotic act of Major
Anderson, iu withdrawing from Fort Moultrfc to Fojt
Sumter, and of the determination of the President to main-
tain that fearless* olfieer in Ins present position ; and that we
will suppoit the President in all constitutional measuies to
enforce the laws and pmscivc ihe Union.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I have not
sought to speak hitherto on the momentous ques-
tion of the day, because I did not believe that any
good would be accomplished by speaking. The
disease seemed to me to be so deeply seated that
none but the most radical remedies would suffice;
and I had no hope that the public mind of the
North was in a condition to receive any such prop-
osition. 1 do not know that it is even now pre-
pared to weigh carefully such a suggestion; but
surely none can longer doubt the imminence or
the extremity of the danger. All must see that
the bonds which have hitherto bound together the
members of this Confederacy arc parting like flax
before the fire of popular passion. Our political
fabric is reelingand tottering in the storm; so that,
if it were not based on the solid foundations of
State organization, there would be every reason
to expect its entire destruction. Before the end
of this month, it is almost certain that six or
seven of the States will have seceded from this
Union. It is therefore now no more a question
of saving or of preserving the old Union. We
cannot recall the past; we cannot restore the dead;
but the iiope and the trust of those who desire a
Union, are that wp may be able to reconstruct a
new Government and a new Union, which per-
haps may be more permanent and efficient than
the old. I know, sir, that there are difficulties in
the way; but I put my trust in the good sense and
in the instincts of empire, which have heretofore
characterized the American people, to accomplish
that great work. If we would do it, we must not
sit idly, bewailing the condition of public affairs;
but in the heroic spirit of the mariner who is cast
away on a distant shore, see if we cannot find
materials to build another ship, in which we may
once more take the sea, and rejoin our kindred
and friends. But, Mr. President, to do this, we
must facc and acknowledge the true evil of the
day. To-day we must deal wisely with the mighty
present, that we may be ready for perhaps the
still more eventful future which will be on us to-
morrow. Newideas, like new forces,have entered
into our system; they are demanding the legiti-
mate expression of their power, or they threaten
to rend and destroy it in their wild and irregular
play. There are now portions of this Union in
which population already begins to press on the
means of subsistence. In all of the States there
is a desire—in some of them a necessity—for fur-
ther expansion. It is that which has led to the
warfare between the two social systems which
have been brought together in our Constitution;
a war waged with a bitterness and asperity that
has reduced us to the sad pass in which we now
find ourselves.
This Constitution was designed to unite two
social systems, upon terms of equality and fair-
ness, different in their character, but not neces-
sarily hostile. Indeed, the very differences in these
systems, it would seem, ought to have formed
causes of union and mutual attraction, instead of
giving rise to the "irrepressible conflict" which, it
is said, some law of nature has declared between
them. What the one wanted, the other could
supply. If the carrying States did not make their
provisions, the provision-growing States, on the
other hand, had not the ships in which to trans-
port their surplus productions. If the manufac-
turing States did not raise the raw material, the
planting States, on (lie other hand, did not have
the manufactories to convert that material into
useful and necessary fabrics. Thus, what the one
wanted, the other could supply. The only differ-
ence of products would seem to have affoidcd the
means for forming a peifect system of industry,
which should have been stronger by the mutual
dependence and support of the parts. Unfortu-
nately, however, as those who represented the
non-slaveholding system of society grew into
power, they commenced a warfare upon the other
system which was associated with it under the
Constitution. It was commenced in 1820, when
it was declared that the social system of the South
was founded upon sin, was anti-republican in its
character, and deserved to be repressed and sup-
pressed by the General Government wherever it
had exclusive jmisdiction. The claim was made,
that so far as the Territories of the United States
were concerned, they were to be given up to the
exclusive expansion of one of these systems at the
expense of the other. Unhappily, m that first
contest, the weaker system went by the board; a
law was passed which did put it under the ban
of the Empire; which did exclude the South from
a huge portion of the domain of the United States.
After that sprang up a party, at first not so
largo as it now is, which commcnced a regular
warfare upon the system of slavery in the South;
upon the social system of the Suites which toler-
ated the institution of slavery. They commenced
a system of agitation through the press, the pul-
pit, and the common halls of legislation, whose
object it was to wound the self-respect of the
slaveholder, and to make him odious m the eyes
of the rest of the world. They denied that there
could be any property in slaves—the very foun-
dation of the social system of the South—and, as
a consequence, they maintained that this Gov-
ernment was bound to prevent its extension,and
to abolish and suppress it wherever it had exclu-
sive jurisdiction. They sought, by petition, to
put an end to the slave trade between the States,
that the institution might be pent up, and made
dangerous and unprofitable.
In process of time, they either evaded or they
denied the constitutional obligation to return fu-
gitive slaves; and at last it was proclaimed here
in these Hails that there was a law higher than
the Constitution, which nullifieditsobligationsand
its provisions. Practicing upon this preaching,
"the majority of the non-slaveholding States, as
was shown by my friend from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] in his able argument on this subject,
passed personal liberty bills, the practical effect
of which was to nullify the fugitive slave law,
which was passed in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
It is but a year since there was an armed inva-
sion of my Stale for the purpose of creating ser-
vile insurrection; and yet not a State—and it is
with the States alone that effectual remedies can
be applied—has interfered, to make any such com-
bination penal in time to come. We have heard
it pronounced, sir, by a distinguished leader of
that party, that there was to be an "irrepressible
conflict' between the two social systems, until
one or the other was destroyed. A President has
been nominated and clected by a sectional major-
ity, who was known to have avowed and to enter-
tain such opinions; and a party has come into
power, with full possession of this Government,
which has elected a President and a standard-
bearer who has made such declarations in regard
to the rights of the South.
Is it surprising, then, that the southern States
should say: 1' It is not safe for us to remain longer
in a Government which may be directed as an in-
strument of hostility against us; it is notsafefor
us to remain longer under the rule of a Govern-
ment whose President may misuse his patronage
for the very purpose of stirring up civil strife
among us, and also for the purpose of creating
civil war in our midst?" For it is known that a
large portion—and that was but a year ago—of
the Republican leaders and members in the House
of Representatives indorsed and recommended a
book which proposed the extinction of slavery by
such means. Under such circumstances, I ask,
is it surprising that the southern States should
say: tl It is unsafe for us to remain under a Gov-
ernment which, instead of protecting us, may be
directed against us, as an instrument of attack,
unless we can be protected by some new consti-
tutional guarantees, which will save our social
system from such a warfare as this?"
Mr. President, the southern people number
now some thirteen million, and cover between
eight hundred thousand and nine hundred thou-
sand square miles of territory. They have within
themselves all the capacities of empire. Is it to be
supposed that when they arc threatened in the
common Government with an attack upon their
social system, upon which their very being de-
pends, they will not withdraw from thatGovern-
ment—unless they can be secured within the
Union—for the purpose of establishing another,
which they know can and will protect them? Why,
sir, what people is it that can stand a constant
warfare upon their social system, waged for the
purpose of dwarfing and suppressing anddestroy-
ing iO The social system of a people is its moral
being; and the Government which would dwarf
or suppress it is like the parent who would con-
sign his child to vice and ignorance. I know of
instances in which nations have thriven under bad
laws; I know of instances in which nations have
thriven when their allegiance was transferred by
force from one country to another; I know of
none which survived the sudden and total pros-
tration of its social system. To reduce them to
that is to reduce them to anarchy, which is the
death of a nation or a people.
I say, therefore, sir, that the South is bound to
take this course unless it can get some guarantees
which will protect it in the Union, some constitu-
tional guarantees which will serve that end; and
I now ask, what should be the nature of the guar
antees that would effectually prevent the social
system from such assaults as these? I say,they
must be guarantees of a kind that will stop up all
the avenues through which they have threatened
to assail the social system of the South. There
must be constitutional amendments which shall
provide: first, that Congress shall have no power
to abolish slavery in the States, in the District of
Columbia, in the dock-yards, forts, and arsenals
of the United States; second, that it shall not abol-
ish, tax, or obstruct the slave trade between the
States; third, that it shall be theduty of each of
the States to suppress combinations within their
jurisdiction for armed invasions ofanother; fourth,
that States shall be admitted with or without sla-
very,according to the election of the people; fifth,
that it shall be the duty of the States to restore
fugiti ve slaves when within their borders, or to pay
the value of the same; sixth, that fugitives from
