1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12'89"
trust, first, to pay such claims as the Choctaw tribe
may allow to individuals; and the residue, ifany,
belongs to the tribe. If we pay the money to the
tribe, and the individual claims shall not be satis-
fied, good faith will require us to see that these
individual claims shall be paid; and it is stated
they amount to nearly three million dollars. 1
have read the letter for the purpose of showing
the amount of the claims which the delegates of
the Choctaw Indians believe is due to members
of that tribe; and the twelfth article of the treaty
shows we must liquidate these claims from the
amount which may be due by the award.
If I could, sir, consistently with my views of
justice, I would be glad to vote them this money.
Entertaining the opinion, however, that they have
no sort of claim to this money, believing that the
award of the Senate is not binding upon me, or
upon the House, I must«cast my vote against the
appropriation. What power h^s the Senate over
this subject? It has not exclusive control, I con-
tend, of our relations with the various Indian
tribes. The Constitution provides that Congress
shall have power to regulate trade and intercourse
with Indian tribes. I know that we have for a
long while submitted to a practice under which
the executive department enters into treaties with
the Indians, treating them as foreign nations are
treated, and then submits those treaties for the
concurrence of the Senate. Under a strict con-
struction of the Constitution, we, of this House,
have as much right as the Senate to regulate the
intercourse of the Government with the several
tribes of Indians in the country.
But we have not adhered strictly to the Con-
stitution; and ourintercourse with thelndians has
been regulated by the executive department and
the Senate. I believe, however, that the award
of the Senate was not made upon due considera-
tion. It was said, at the time that it was made,
that it would not take more than eight hundred
thousand or a million dollars to liquidate these
claims; whereas it now appears that it will take
$2,900,000.
1 have now, Mr. Speaker, in the last hours of
the session, briefly expressed the views which
influenced the Committee of Ways and Means in
recommending to this House a non-concurrence
in the pending amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MAV^NARD. Mr. Speaker, at this late
period of the session I do not propose to go into
a discussion of this measure to the extent that its
justice would warrant. In response to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, I will say that I do not
appeal to the charity or the pity of the House to
pass this claim. It comes before us with the high-
est sanction of justice; and if the House will give
me its attention for a few minutes, I will state some
of the salient points in favor of the appropriation.
When I have stated them, I hope the House will
agree with me in opinion on this amendment.
in 1855,itwasdeemed importantto makeatreaty
with the Choctaw lndnns. They had certain
lands which we wanted to use for colonizing some
of the wild and uncivilized tiibcs of Indians. At
the same time, there was a difficulty pending
between the Choctaws and Chickasaws, which
seemed likely to result in an open rupture, and a
war upon our western border-—a result which the
Government was exceedingly desirous to avoid.
Under the treaty negotiated at Dancing Rabbit
creek, on 27th September, 1830, the Choctaw In-
dians had individual claims against our Govern-
ment,which they pressed upon the Indian bureau,
amounting to three or four million dollars. 1 see
a gentleman [Mr. Corwin] who is doing me the
honor of listening to what I say, and who was
connected with the Administration shortly prior
to that time, and he will please correct me if I am
wrong in any statement of fact I may make.
As I have already said, it was deemed import-
ant that the Government should make this treaty
•with the Choctaw nation. The treaty was nego-
tiated, and it was ratified; and, sir, I hold that,
in conformity with the Constitution of the United
States, a treaty negotiated under the authority of
this Government is the supreme law of the land,
and is binding upon us and every citizen, whether
in a public or in a private capacity. I do not,
therefore, agree with the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] in the position that we are at lib-
erty to disregard a treaty if we happen to think
that it was an injudicious one, and unwisely nego-
tiated. The eleventh article of that treaty has
already been referred to, and I will incorporate it
into my remarks, as well as the twelfth article.
They are as follows:
"Art. 11. The Government of the United States, not
being prepared toas*ent to ihe claim set up under the treaty
of September 27,1830, and so earnestly contended for by
the Choctaws as a rule ot settlement, but justly appreciat-
ing the sacrifices, faithful services, and general good con-
duct of the Choctaw people, and being desirous that their
lights and claims against the United Slates shall receive a
just, fair, and hheml consideration, it is therefore stipulated
that the following questions be submitted for adjudication
to the Senate of the United States: first, whether the Choc-
taws are entitled to, or shall be allowed, the proceeds of
the sale of the lands ceded by them to the United States,
by the treaty of September 27, 1830, deducting therefrom
the cost of then survey and sale, and all just and proper
expendituies and payments under the provisions of said
treaty; and, if so, what price per acre shall be allowed to
the Choctaws for the lands remaining unsold, in order that
a final settlement with them maybe promptly effected? or,
second, whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum in further and full satisfaction of all their claims, na-
tional and individual, against the United States; and,if so,
how much ?
" Art. 12. In case the Senate shall award to the Choc-
taws the net proceeds of the lands ceded as aforesaid, the
same shall be received by them m full satisfaction of all
their claim5! against the United States, whether national or
individual, arising under any former treaty; and the Choc-
taws shall thereupon become liable and bound to pay all
such individual ciauii3 as may be adjudged by the proper
authorities of the tribe to be equitable and just—the settle-
ment and payment to be made with the advice and under
the direction of the United States agent for the tribe; and
so much of the fund, a wauled by tho Senate to the Choc-
taws, as the proper authorities thereof shall ascertain and
determine to be nccessary for the payment of the just lia-
bilities of the tribe, shall, on their requisition, be paid over
to them bythe United States. But«hould the Senate allow
a gross sum, in further and full satisfaction of all their
claims, whether national or individual, against the United
States, the same shall be accepted by the Choctaws, and
they shall theieupon become liable for. and bound to pav,
all the individual claims asafoiesaid; it being expressly
undeistood that the adjudication and decision of the Senate
shall he imal
By the terms of the treaty, the Government of
flie United States stipulated that the matter in dis-
pute between them, arising out of the construction
of the treaty of 1830—the Choctaws insisting on
one construction, and the American Government
on another,and that given to it by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps]—tney stipulated
that it should be referred to the arbitration of the
Senate of the United States, not as a legislative,
but as a judicial body. The Senate did investi-
gate and adjudicate the question. That body
made its award in the matter on the 9th of March,
J 859, in a resolution or series of resolutions, which
is as follows:
" Whereas, the eleventh article of the treaty of June 22,
18oo, with the Clmctaw and Chickasaw Indians, provides
that the following questions be submitted foi decision to
the Senate of tho [Jmted States : lust, whether the Choc-
t.iws ate entitled to or shall be allowed the proceeds of the
sale oi the hmd-> ceded by themto the United States by the
treaty of September 27,1830, deducting their-from the costs
of their suivey and sale, and all jun and proper expendi-
tuies and pnyinenN undei the piovisions of said tieaty;
and if so, what price pet acie shall be allowed to the Choc-
taw-for the land- remaining unsold. 111 ordei that a final
settlement with them may b<* promptly effected ? or, sec-
ond, whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a gioss sum,
in further and full satisfaction uf all tlx n claims, national
and individual, against the United States; and if so, how
much ?
" Resolved, That the Choctaws he allowed the proceeds of
the sale of-.uch land*- as have been sold by the United States
ori the 1st dav of January last, deducting theretiom the
co^t* of their siuvey and sale, and ail proper expenditures
and payments under said tieaty ; excluding tuereservations
allowed and secured, and estimating the sei ip issued in lieu
of re-en'atjons at the rate of $1 25 per acre; and furthei,
that tiiev be also allowed twelve and a half cents per acre
for the icsidue of said lands.
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause an
account to be stated with the Choctaws. showing what
amount is due them aceoidlng to the above'prescribedpun-
eipies of settlement, and report the same to Congress."
That is the award; that is the decision; that is
the adjudication: and it binds us and the Choc-
taws.' It is final, irreversible; and there is, by
agreement, no appeal to be made or taken from it.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] said
that "when the Senate made this award they did
not know exactly how much the proceeds of these
lands was going to be. Suppose they did not:
they knew the principle they were settling, and
the amount was a mere matter of computation, a
mere question of arithmetic, to be arrived at by
investigation at the Department. By the final
resolution, it will be seen, the Senate referred the
matter to the Secretary of the Interior, as the ac-
counting officer, as a master in chancery, to settle
and determine what the amount was. Whether
the amount was larger than gentlemen in the Sen-
ate supposed, or smaller, is a matter of no sort of
consequence. It does not in the least affect their
adjudication. Their decision is fixed, and it is
final; and it became a mere matter of computa-
tion to determine how much, under the treaty of
1855, the Choctawn&tion was entitled to receive.
The Secretary of the Interior, m obedience to
the resolution of the Senate, reported that there
was due to the Choctaw nation $2,981,247 30;
and I hold that is the amount to which they are
justly entitled. The Committee on Indian Affairs
in the Senate have overhauled the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, and given to the United
States Government certain credits not allowed by
that officer. These have rcduccd .the amount to
$2,332,566 85. The Senate committee reported
that the Choctaws were entitled to that sum. Yet
the amendment proposed by the Senate to this
bill, and which is now pending, and in which we
are asked by the Committee of Ways and Means
to non-concur, provides for carrying into effect
the seventh article of the treaty, and appropriates
only the sum of $1,202,560 85, being an undis-
puted balance due them, leaving the remainder of
the claim open for future investigation. How, if
there is such a thing as a just demand against the
United States Government which she is bound to
pay, and which we, as her Representatives, con-
cerned for her honor and justice, are bound to
appropriate for, it is this demand. Why, if we
had such a demand as that against the Choctaws
instead of them againstus, we would make ltgood
at the point of the bayonet. If we had this de-
mand against Mexico, your Navy and Army
would be put into requisition before we could get
away from here. If Spain was indebted to us in
that amount, and refused to pay, Cuba would be
taken in pledge before midsummer. This people
come here with no power to enforce their demand.
We are strong and they are weak. They can
only come and present their claim, appealing to
our justice. They have^no other power and no
other mode of reaching us, and, I ask, ought not
we to listen to them? The Choctaw nation have
always been our friends—friends at a time when
we needed friends, at a time when our western
frontiers were exposed to the incursions of sav-
ages. Let' me call your attention to the twenty-
first article of the treaty of 1830, in which is con-
tained an item of historical reminiscence:
" A few Choctaw warriors marched and fought in the
army of Wayne, and the whole number remaining is stated
not to exceed twenty."
This band of warrioas, fighting under old "Mad
Anthony," as he was called, carries us back to
the days of trial and peril of our country.
Mr. PHELPS. Were not the Wayne warriors
paid a pension during their lives?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly; but the point I
was making was, that these men who have come
here appealing to our justice have always been
our friends, and stood by us when we needed
friends. 1 am citing this as evidence of what is
a well-known historical fact—that the Choctaws
have acted always as our allies.
Mr. PHELPS. I would go as far as the gen-
tleman to do what I consider justice requires; but
when my convictions lead me in another direction,
I must follow that course which my judgment
dictates.
Mr. MAYNARD. I by no means complain
of the gentleman for following the dictates of his
conscience.
I desire to read to the House the memorial of
the representatives of the Choctaw nation, that
they may see the true nature of the appeal they
make to us, and the shameful injustice in disre-
garding it. It is as follows:
Your memorialists, the representatives of the Choctaw
nation in general council assembled, would respectfully
present for the consideration of your honorable body, in
behalf of the Choctaw nation, that m consequence of the
unprecedented drought during the past summer, and not
from any want of industiy on the part of the people, there
ha* been almost an entire failure of the corn crop, and a
large portion of our people are now entirely dcstitu te of the
means of subsistence. Almost daily the homesof those of
our citizens who have been somewhat more favorvd, and
enabled to raise a small surplus of corn, are besiege* by
families of poor starving women and children who are
without a morsel of bread.
If such be the condition of the indigent now, at harvest
time, can you picture to yourselves what will be their con-
dition during the coming winter?
Alas, it is too true that famine and want stare us in the
face: and we are left without the least glimmering ray of
hope to avoid it without your kind aid and assistance.
.Relief, and that speedily, must be rendered, or many of the
Choctaw people will suffer starvation and death.
