S30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
that these wrongs might be remedied without pro-
ducing collision in the system. A self-executing
process would thus provide a remedy for the
wrong, without a jar to the machinery of Gov-
ernment.
In order to make this check efficient, it should
be provided that the judges of the Supreme Court
in cach section should be appointed by the Pres-
ident from that section, and this is the only ori-
ginal appointing power which I would give to the
second President.
I have presented this scheme, Mr. President,
as one which, in my opinion, would adjust the
differences between the two social systems, and
Which would protect each from the assault of the
other! If this were done, so that we were made
matually safe, I, for one, would be willing to
regulate the right of secession, which I hold to
be a right not given in the Constitution, but re-
sulting from the nature of the compact. I would
provide, that before a State seceded it should
summon a convention of the States in the section
to which it belonged, and submit to them a state-
ment of its grievances and wrongs. Should a
majority of the States in such a convention decide
the complaint to be well founded, then the State
ought to be permitted to secede in peace. For,
whenever a majority of States m an entire section
shall declare that good cause for secession exists,
then who can dispute that it ought to talce place?
Should they say, however, that no good cause
existed, then the moral "force of such a decision,
on the part of confederates ofthose who are bound
to the complaining State by identical and homo-
geneous interests, would prevent it from prosecut-
ing the claim any further. 1 believe that the
system thus adjusted would give us a permanent
Union, an efficient, a useful, and just Government.
I think our Government would then rank among
the most permanent of human institutions. It is
my honest opinion that, with a Government thus
balanced, and with such capacities for empire as
our people possess, we should build up a politi-
cal system whose power and stability and benefi-
cial influences would be unparalleled in all the
history of the past.
I know, Mr. President, it may be said that
such adistribution of powerdoes not accord with
the principle of distributing power according to
numbers; but I say if that be the true principle at
all, it applies only to States which have a single
government; it does not apply to confederacies;
and if it were loft to me to amend this Constitu-
tion, I would stamp upon this Government a
character still more distinctly federative than that
which it now bears. I say, then, that the distri-
bution of power which I propose would be en-
. tirely just upon the federative principle. Nor
would my proposition be at all more inconsistent
with the principle of distributing power according
lo numbers than the arrangements of the present
Federal Constitution. Nothing in my scheme is
more unequal than the provision which gives the
six New England States twelve Senators while
New York has only two, although the popula-
tion of that State is as great, and I believe greater,
than that of all the New England States together.
There is nothing in the scheme now proposed,
• inconsistent with the federative principle; and if
the slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States
had been standing apart for a dozen years in dif-
ferent confederacies, and there was a proposition
to unite those confederacies in one, no man would
think it extreme, or be surprised if each of the
confederaciesinsisted upon such powers and snch
guarantees as would enable it to defend its own
social system and to secure equality, together
with the opportunity for expansion according to
the peculiar law of its development.
But, Mr. President, as I said befoie, I do not
mean to declare that this is theonly schcmcupon
which I will settle. I say I believe it to afford
the best basis of settlement which has yet been
devised. There are other schemes upon which I
would settle. I would settle upon something which
would give only a truce, provided it promised to
be a long truce, and then trust to public opinion
and the progiess of truth to remedy future evils
when they might arise. But 1 would prefer, when
we do settle, after all this turmoil and confusion,
that we should do so upon some principle which
promises us a permanent adjustment, a constant
and continuing peace, a safe, an efficient, and a
stable Government.
Mr."President, I have founded my suggestions
upon the faftt, which I take to be an accomplished
fact, that some of the States of this Union have
already withdrawn, and that the old Union has
been dissolved, and has gone. I believe there is
no way of obtaining a Union except through a
reconstruction, because I utterly repudiate and
deny that it can be done through the system of
coercion, which some have proposed. Sir, I say,
if you were to attempt coercion, and by conquest
to restore the Union, it would not be the Union of
ourfathers; butavery different one. I say itwould
be a Union constructed in entire opposition to the
true American spirit and American principles; a
Union of a number of subjugated provinces with
others who governed them and wielded the whole
power of the Confederacy.
But, sir, I maintain that coercion, if it were pos-
sible, is not right; and that if it were right, it is not
possible. I think it can be shown that i t is neither
right nor possible. I believe that it can be proved
that theonly effect of an attempt at coercion would
be to destroy the chances of a reconstruction of the
Union, or, in other words, to defeat all the hopes
that are left to the friends of a Union in the coun-
try. I say that if it were possible, it is not right.
I believe it is not right, because I believe in the
right of secession in the States. It is not my pur-
pose to repeat the argument which has been so
much better made by my friend, the distinguished
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] I do
not mean to argue that question; I merely say
that, to my mind, it lies in a nutshell. If it be
true that our Constitution isa compact, as history
demonstrates, between the States as parties; and
if it be true, as Mr. Madison has demonstrated,
that there is no common arbiter in disputes be-
tween these parties; and if it be true, as Mr. Web-
ster has said, that a bargain broken on one side is
broken on nil sides, then it results inevitably that
it is for the State to say whether the bargain has
been broken, and to act accordingly. I do not say
that this right of secession is laid down in the
Constitution. It results from the nature of the
compact. When two nations enter into a treaty
of mutual obligations, and one fails to fulfill its
part, the other may cancel it; not from any stip-
ulation in the treaty, but from thjx.naturc of the
compact. It is the very reine^Kfor the very
wrong; and, indeed, it is the only remedy for the
wrong. ^
But, sir, I care not what you call it; call it rev-
olution, if you choose; let this be the name that
you give it; I still say I think I can show you
from the Constitution that you have no right to
interfere with it. If it be revolution, it is organ-
ized revolution; it is a revolution conducted by an
organized body,and so acknowledged to be in the
Constitution itself. If it be revolution, it isarev-
olution managed by the government which the
Constitution acknowledges to be a legal govern-
ment—I mean the government of the State. How,
then, could tins Government pretend to treat as a
rebel him who obeys agovernment that it acknowl-
edges-to be legitimate? Especially, how can it
interfere to treat him as such when he has acted
under a warrant from the very power from which
this Governmentderives its authority? Haw does
this Govcrnmentderive its authority to administer
its functions within the State of Virginia? It
derives it from the assent of the people of the State
of Virginia, given in the convention which repre-
sented them in their sovereign capacity. How
docs the State govcrnmentderive its authority?
From the very same source; and in any dispute
between the two, as to authority, it is for the
sourcc of authority to both to say whom the cit-
izen shall obey. This Government rests and has
its being in the assent of the people of the differ-
ent States; and without it the Constitution has
clearly created a Government which cannot exist
or be administered within a State. Then, if it be
true that this Constitution created a Federal Gov-
ernment which cannot be administered within its
limits without theassentof thepeopleof theStatc,
itwould follow that the Constitution has declared,
by implication, that the only authority of that
Government rests upon the assent of the people
of the State; and that when this is withdrawn, it
has 110 longer any rightful jurisdiction within it.
Is it, then, true that this Government is so con-
structed by the Constitution that itcannot execute
its functions within the State without the assent
of the State, or against its will and authority ? If
so, then the Constitution clearly implies that the
authority of the General Government is gone
within the limits of a State when the people of
that State have withdrawn their assent to its ju-
risdiction—a conclusion which is in entire accord-
ance with the principles of free government as laid
down by the fathers of the Constitution.
I proceed then, Mr. President, to make good
my proposition, that this Federal Government
cannot be carried on within the limits and juris-
diction of a State, withoutthe assent, the aid, and
the sympathy of its people. In the first place, it
depends on the Legislatures of the different States
to elect members of this body. If a majority of
the States, although they might represent a small
minority of the people, were to refuse to send
Senators here, your Government is gone; you
have lost one of the most important arms of the
system; you have no longer a Senate.
But, sir, in order to carry out the functions of
this Government you must administer its judicial
powers. Can you administer the judicial powers
of this Government within a State if that State
withdraws its assent and is determined to resist
that administration ? Can you do it by any means
given you under the Constitution? Suppose a
State repeals the penalties for murder as against
the officers of the General Government; suppose ,
it repeals the penalties for false imprisonment as
against those officers; suppose it should say it
had reason to fear that the officers of the General
Government would be appointed under influences
which would be utterly destructive to its domestic
peace and social system, and that they must give
bonds for good behavior, with sureties to be found
in the State itself: if a State were to undertake
to obstruct the course of Federal justice in that
way, where would the remedy be found within
the constitutional power of this Government?
Would it undertake to pass a code of municipal
legislation in order to protcct the persons, and
property, and effects of its officers? Could it
say that its officers should not be answerable to
the jurisdiction of the State for offenses against
the laws of the State when they were within its
jurisdiction? Certainly they could not do that,
consistently with the Constitution. When it
came to such a pass as that, they would have the
same right to enact and execute a municipal code
for all the people of the States, that they would
have to make one for that portion of the people
who constituted the mass of the Federal officers.
But, sir, that is not all. To obtain the right of
exclusive legislation within dock-yards, forts,
arsenals, and other needful buildings, Congress
must have, first, the consent of the States. That
must be given under the Constitution. Supposea
State refuses its consent. Where would be your
court-houses, your forts, your custom-houses?
Where would you have the locus in quo, from
which to administer the functions and the power
of this General Government? Everywhere, if
they were to refuse to give you this assent, you
would be under State jurisdiction; and thus it
would be 111 the power of the State constantly to
thwart, obstruct, and prevent the administration
ofFederaljustice,or the administration ofFederal
power, within her limits and jurisdiction.
So, too, it is in the power of the States, if they
choose, if they undertake to withdraw their as-
sent from this Constitution, to defeat these great
ends of the Union, which I have before de-
scribed as designed to insure free intercourse and
free trade between the citizens of the several
States. Thus it will be found, when you come to
examine the matter, that this Federal Govern-
ment cannot exercise its most important and its
essential functions within the limits of a State if
the people of that State refuse to assent to its power,
and choose to obstruct it by means which they
have under the Constitution of the United States.
If this be so, what is the result to be derived from
that fact? The result is, that the framers of the
Constitution supposed that this Federal Govern-
ment would only be ail authorized Government
within a State so long as it had the assent of the
people of that State; and that when the people of
that State withdrew their assent, it was not the
authorized Government; and therefore they pro-
vided 110 means for enforcing its powers arid for
exercisitigits jurisdiction. Is not that the inevi-
table conclusion, from the facts to which I have
just alluded ? Sir, the only mode in which you
eould protect the administration of the Fedeial
