832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
hope and trust that some settlement may be had,
some reconstruction to make this Union more
permanent and this Government more valuable
than ever it has been to us in the past. Secession
does not necessarily destroy the Union, or rather
the hopes of reunion; it may turn out to be the
necessary path to reconstruction. The secession
of the Roman people to the Sacred Mount did not
destroy Rome. On the contrary, it led to a recon-
struction of the constitution, to the tribunitian
veto, to new securities for the equality and liberty
of the people. The Roman Government became
more permanent and powerful than before, and
the Roman people benefited by the change. But
if it should turn out that in this exchange of prop-
ositions it was impossible to accommodate tne
difference, still it might result in the establish-
ment of some league, not merely commercial, but
political, holding us together by a looser bond
than any which has bound us heretofore, and we
might thus still secure many of the benefits of this
Government and this Union, while we left each
section free to follow the law of its own genius,
and to develop itself according to the promptings
of its own nature.
I say, therefore, that, so far as I can weigh the
question, it is no more a question of Union, but
one of reunion. To produce reunion, it is es-
sential that the southern States should be allowed
to take that position which it is obvious they are
going to take, in peace. You must give, too, all
the time you can, and offer all the opportunities
you may, to those who desire to make an effort
for the reconstruction of this Confederacy. Sir, I
say 1 am one of those; for while I believe that
the South owes it to itself first to secure its own
position, to provide for its own protection, to
unite in such strength as will enable it to defend
itself against all goers and comers, I also be-
lieve that the interests of mankind, our own inter-
ests, and the interests of our confederates, would
then require that we should reconstruct the old
Union it we can, or rather construct a new Union
on terms of equality and of justice.
But, Mr. President, will tins be possible if we
enter into a course of civil war? If brother be-
fins to shed the blood of brother, and people
ecome initated and excited at the sight of
blood, will it be possible to reunite us again?
And, sir, I ask if the Republicans are willing, if
they mean to insist, to add civil war to the long
catalogue of enormities for which they are to be
held responsible hereafter? is it not enough that
they have marched into power over the rains of
the Constitution, and that they have seized this
Government at the expense of the Union ? Will
they be contented with nothing less now than
civil war, and such a strife, according to their
own account of it, as is unparalleled in the his-
tory of modern and civilizcu warfare? It is said
that this fratricidal contest is to bo attended with
horrors and atrocities at which even the men of
Wallenstein, her "whiskered pandoursand fierce
hussars," would stand aghast and pale.
I would ask if they are, indeed, willing'to let
loose the dogs of war, hot from hell, to raven
through this land; if they desire that "one spirit
of the first-born Cain "shall reign in cvcryAmer-
ican bosom, to prepare the hearts and minds of
men for blood, and to stir up fratricidal strife
throughout this once happy country? What ex-
cuse, when they have returned from such a war
of devastation and ruin, will they be able to give
to their own consciences? How will they account
with humanity for its best hopes, which they
have destroyed; for having crushed out and ex-
tinguished the highest capacitics for usefulness,
progress, and development, which were ever be-
stowed on man? Sir, what judgment will pos-
terity pronounce upon them when it conies to sit
in judgment on the deeds occasioned by such un-
hallowed ambition ? Will itnot say," You found
peace, and you established war; you found an
empire of the United States, and you have rent
and scattcied it into separate and hostile frag-
ments?"
And, more awful still, what account will they
render at the bar of Ileaven, when, from many a
burning homestead and many a bloody battle-field,
spectral hosts shall appear to accuse them there;
when the last wail of suffering childhood shall
rise from the very depths of the grave to make its
feeble plaint against tnem,and the tears of woman,
helpless woman,shall plead against them for her
wounded honor in the voiceless woe of her ineffa-
ble despair ? How will they account for it before
man and God, before earth and Heaven, if they
close with blood this great American experiment
which was inaugurated by Providence in the wil-
derness to insure peace on earth and good will to
man; an experiment which was maintained and
conducted by our fathers, not only by their blood,
but with their most pious care ? How will they
hide themselves from the accusation, when one
universal voice of misery and despair shall be
heard throughout the land ?
I say to them, sir, that it will be no compensa-
tion or excuse for such sins that they have suc-
ceeded in enabling themselves to wave a barren
scepter over a mutilated empire, an exhausted and
it suffering land! Why is it that these threats
are made? Is it done forthe purpose of prevent-
ing the southern States from seceding? Never
have been taken more ill-judged steps to secure
an end. They but precipitate and hasten what
they wish to prevent. Such threats of coercion
as these only serve to make the southern States
precipitate themselves into the arms of each other,
that they may stand together in a common cause,
and unite their strength to make a common de-
fense. I say, for my own State, that she has
not yet commissioned me to speak; she is taking
counsel at home as to her future action; but this
I do feel authorized to declare: she loves peace,
and she desires to avoid war; but she will not be
deterred from asserting her rights by threats of
coercion or from any fear of consequences. Sir,
once before in her past history, in the sacred name
of honor, liberty, and equality, she staked her
destiny on the war of the Revolution, when " the
cause of Boston was the cause of all;" and forthe
same high considerations, 1 know that she will
imperil all again, if she believes it to be her duty
to do so. And if the day shall ever come when
she can neither defend her honor nor assert her
rights because the hand of power wields its bloody
sword before her, she will feci that it would be
better for her name and fame to perish with them.
Republican Senators, why are these threats of
coercion sent to the southern States, who are seek-
ing to do no evil to others, but merely to protect
and defend themselves? Do they go out with
any purpose of attacking your rights? Do they
secede with the wish to injure o,r disturb you in
any manner? Are they not going outsimply for
the purpose of exercising that first law of nature
and of nations, the right of self-government, be-
cause they believe they are not safe under your
rule? Are they not willing to meet all the respons-
ibilities which they may have incurred while they
were carrying 011 a joint government with you?
Why, then, sirs, do you claim to pursue them
with lire and with sword; and why do you deny
to them that right which belongs to every organ-
ized people ? When wo were asserting that right
against the Government of Great Britain, we
claimed, and we received, the sympathies of the
whole civilized world. When the Spanish prov-
inces rebelled against the mother country, we
were quick to express our sympathy and regard
for their cause. When Greece, distant Greece,
asserted her independence, we were among the
first to express our sympathy for her. Wow, sir,
the right which we are free to offer, and the sym-
pathy which we gladly extend, to foreigners and
to aliens, are refused to our own brethren; and
you say that, if they attempt to exercise them,
you will pursue them to the death.
Mr. President, is it, to be supposed that any
Anglo-Saxon people, people of our own blood
and race, would submit to such demands? Is there
any free people who are worthy of liberty, who
would not say that sooner than yield to such de-
mands as these we bid you to wrap in (lames our
dwellings, and float our land in blood ? I believe
if they attempt to coerce the southern people in
this regard, they will meet not only with the
general detestation of mankind, but with such re-
sistance as has never been shown before in the
world, except, perhaps, in the history of Holland,
whose people fought behind the dykes and flooded
their land with the waves of the sea, preferring
death in any and every form rather than submis-
sion to such oppression and tyranny.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to pursue
this line of argument. I do not desire to engage
in any discussion which so much stirs the blood
as the supposition that such rights as these are to
be denied to any portion of my countrymen. I
choose rather to stand in the character in which
1 appear this day. 1 stand here to plead for peace;
not that my State, in my opinion, has any reason
to fear war more that another, but because it is
the interest of all to preserve the peace. In the
sacred names of humanity and of Christian civ-
ilization; in the names of thirty million human
souls, men, women, ud children, whose lives,
whose honor, and wh™e happiness, depend upon
the events of such a civil war as that with which
we are threatened; in the name of the great Ame-
ican experiment, which, as I said before, was
founded by Providence in the wilderness, and
which, I insist, has not yet failed; I appeal to
the American people to prevent the effusion of
blood. It is said that the very scent of blood
stirs up the animal passions of man. Give us
time for the play of reason. Let us see, after the
southern States have secured themselves by some
united action, if we cannot bring together once
more our scattered divisions; if we cannot close
up our broken ranks; if we cannotfind some place
of conciliation, some common ground upon which
we all may rally once more; and when the col-
umns come mustering in from the distant North
and the furthest South, from the rising and from
the setting sun, to take their part in that grand
review, the shout of their war-cry shall shake the
air until it brings down the very birds in their
flight as it ascends to the heavens to proclaim to
the world that we are united oncc more, brothers
in war, and brothers in peace, ready to take our
wonted place in the front line of the mighty
march of human progress, and able and willing
to play for the mastery in that game of nations
where the prizes are power and empire, and where
victory may crown our name with eternal fame
and deathless renown.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. BAKER. By the leave of the Senator
from Iowa, I desire to ask the gentleman from
Virginia, if he will allow me, anu consider it re-
spectful, one question.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the question?
Mr. BAKER. It is this: if a majority of this
branch of Congress, the constitutional majority,
and a majority of the other branch, also the
constitutional majority, shall pass constitutional
amendments, to be submitted according to the
forms of the Constitution, for the consent and ap-
probation of the people; in that event, if they be
such as substantially meet the views of gentle-
men 011 the other side, will the Senator from Vir-
ginia, so far as he can, throw the weight of Vir-
ginia, and especially the weight of his own indi-
vidual character, to maintain the Constitution as
it is, the Government as it is, the laws as they
now are, with the power of the Government, until
the people, or the States, shall have decided upon
those amendments?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator has asked me
some questions which I cannot answer. I cannot
answer for Virginia; I am not authorized to do
so. I can only say this: that I will vote for the
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky which
were presented in committee; and other gentlemen
declared that they believed they would be satis-
factory; but whether the people, who are now
seceding and getting in line together for pur-
poses of common defense, would wait to ascer-
tain whether the States would adopt them, I am
not authorized to say.
Mr. BAKER. That is not quite it; I do not
make myself understood by thegentleman. WiU
the gentleman himself, as a Senator 
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator is not satis-
fied, 1 cannot satisfy him.
Mr. BAKER. Ah!
Mr. HARLAN addressed the Senate for two
hours and a half. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. POLK. 1 move to postpone the subject
under consideration until Monday next, at one
o'clock; at which time I should like to have an
opportunity to address the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I believe wo have the message
of the Preside 111 under consideration, have we not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) That subject is not now before the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I understood it was under
consideration.
Mr. POLK. No, sir.
