1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Theresolution
of the Senator from Virginia is before the Senate;
and the motion is that it bo postponed until Mon-
day next, and made the special order for that day
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 11, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
COMMAND OF ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, (as the judgment of this House,) That in the
present state of the country, itwouid be wise and patriotic
lor the President of tlie United States to confer, tempora-
rily, the power of Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy upon Lieutenant General Wmfieid Scott, and charge
him to see that the Ilepubiie should receive no detriment.
Mr. JONES. I object to that resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to say one word
in reference to that resolution. The President of
the United States cannot delegate the power of
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy to
General Scott or anybody else.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected
to, and cannot be received.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn, and that we may have a vote on the
resolution by yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my objection to the
resolution. I am willing that a vote shall be taken
upon it, that we may see who is in favor of the
establishment of a military despotism.
Mr. KILGORE. I renew the objection to the
resolution.
EXCUSE FROM SERVICE.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to aquestion of priv-
ilege. I see my name announced as a memberof
the sclect committee to whom was referred the
recent message of the President of the United
States. I ask to be excused from service on that
committee. I have a great many reasons for
making this request of the House, which it is not
necessary now to give.
The question was taken; and Mr. Hickman
was excused from service upon the select com-
mittee.
Mr. John H. Reynolds was afterwards ap-
pointed to fill the vs cancy.
JEREMIAH PENDIiltGAST.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to peimit me to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of a bill for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast, a soldier who, I am informed, is now
sick, and in very needy circumstances. It is a bill
to increase his pension from four to eight dollars
a month, and lias been unanimously reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the regular order of busi-
ness the committee, of which the gentleman is a
member, will be called.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill is already in the
Committee of the Whole House. It has passed
the Senate; and I ask the Rouse to pass it now.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the regular order of
business. 1 know a great many cases of equal
merit that are pressing upon the House in like
manner.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate character.
JAMES L. EDWARDS.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (C. C. No. 97) for the relief
of James L. Edwards, administrator of Thomas
R. Gedney, deceased; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. MOORHEAD, -from the Committee on
Commerce, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of F. E. Hassler; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF NOAH WISWALL.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Noah Wiswall; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
THOMAS REDMOND.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Thomas Redmond; and
the same was referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Pub-
licLands, reported the following resolution; which
was referred, under the rules, to the Committee
on Printing:
Ordered, That the Public Printer be instructed to furnish
five hundred copies ot the last annual report of the General
Land Oflice, for the use of said office.
J'. W. BEAUCHAMP AND BETSEY D. TOWNSE.N'D.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a
bill for the relief of F. W. Beauchamp and Betsey
D. Townsend; which was lead a first and second
time.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. X ask that the bill
be put upon its passage; and 1 hope the House
will hear my colleague from the third district
[Mr. Bristow] for a moment.
Mr. BRISTOW. One word, if you please.
Mr. FENTON. If this bill is to take lip the
time of the House in debate, I must object to it.
Mr. BRISTOW. It will take up no time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom New
York is laboring under a misapprehension. The
Chair thinks that a single objection is not suffi-
cient to prevent the consideration of a bill, if it
contains no appropriation.
Mr. BRISTOW. Mr. Beauchamp, the appli-
cant in this case, had a young son, a little over
sixteen years of age, and imprudently placed hun
in a drug store at which the post office was con-
ducted. The boy was charged with taking a
small sum of ruouey from a letter. He was in-
dicted in the district court of Kentucky. His
father became his security. The bond was for-
feited. His father applied to the President of the
United States to be released; but there was no
law authorizing his release, or it would have been
done. The law simply applies to the District of
Columbia, and no further; and the Constitution
did not authorize it. He now applies to Congress
simply to be released from that bond. An exe-
cution has been levied upon all his property, and
he will be beggared unless he is released. The
boy, as I have stated, was over sixteen years of
age. His neighbors have applied withgreatunan-
imity; the Governor of Kentucky has applied;
every Representative in Congress from Kentucky
has applied; and all the good people in the neigh-
borhood look upon it as a case in which relief
should be given. It is simply a release of the
principal and security of the bond. Every dollar
of the costs has been paid, and is certified hero
upon the papers on record. I trust that no gen-
tleman will object to the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARVIN M. HICKOX AND A.M. PETTINGILL.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill for the relief of Marvin M. Hickox and A.
M. Pcttingill, of Vigo county, Indiana; winch
was read a first and second tune.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask that the bill
be put upon its passage.
The Clerk read the bill. It directs the Post-
master General to pay to Marvin M. Hickox and
A. M. Pettingill $41 06, being one month's extra
pay for one weekly trip discontinued by the Post-
master General on a mail route on ■which they
were contractors.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
REPRESENTATIVES Or NOAH WISWALL.
Mr. LOVEJOY, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Noah Wiswall, and that the
same be put upon its passage.
The bill having been read, the Committee of
the Whole House was, by unanimous consent,
discharged from its further consideration; the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the'
third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made adverse reports on the following
matters; which were severally laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed:
The petition of James Palmer, guardian of
Hannah Russell, asking for bounty lands;
In relation to the subject of a resolution of the
House of Representatives, passed February 24,
I860;
The petition of Russell Austin; and
The memorial of citizens of Crescent City,
California. _
JAMES W. NYE.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
for the District of Columbia Senate bill No. 474,
to provide for the payment of the claim of J. W.
Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh
Stewart.
There was no objection.
The bill was read. It directs the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury to adjust and settle the
claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy,
jr., and Hugh Stewart, for losses sustained by
them in their contract for macadamizing Pennsyl-
vania avenue, which loss was not occasioned by
the fault or negligence of said contractors, but
from their being compelled to prosecute it during
the prevalence of the cholera, and by the inter-
ference of officers of the Government.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia what is the amount of this claim, if he have
any information in regard to it?
Mr. CARTER. It is not ascertained what the
amount may be; something like three or four
thousand dollars.
Mr. BRANCH. Can the gentleman inform
me how many claims this party has had passed
through Congress for the last ten or twelve years?
Mr. CARTER. I cannot. This bill has been
favorably reported some fifteen times by commit-
tees of the House and Senate, and sometimes
passed by either one body or the other. This is
a Senate bill, which was passed last session.
Mr. BRANCH. If I am not mistaken, there
have been several bills passed for the relief of this
party since I have been a memberof this House.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina that I think he is mistaken
in stating that there have been several bills passed
for the relief of this claimant. There has been
but one bill passed by Congress for his benefit;
but that was not for or on account of the claim
now presented. This claim has been before Con-
gress for several years, and passed the Senate
last session. From the examination which I
have given to it, I think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not mean to be under-
stood as intimating that we have already passed
a bill including the particular claim embraced in
the bill now pending. This party, however, is
a very constant claimant on the Government for
extra services and for extra compensation. Such,
at least, is my understanding. And since he has
been so successful in getting his claims allowed
by Congress heretofore, it does seem to me a little
strange that this claim, if it were a meritorious
