886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11.
any reason why the United States should be sued
in one case, and not in all eases. As I have al-
ways understood the law, the United States can-
not, as a general rule, be sued. I shall object to
thai bill, if it is in order to do so, unless it be so
amended as to allow everybody to sue the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. PORTER. It seems to me that, after a
very brief statement of the facts of this- case,
there will be no objection to the passage of the
bill'. The city of San Francisco was the original
owner of this property, and solcj it to the United
States for the purposes of a hospital. It com-
prises six lots. Before the Federal Government
purchased the property, a judgment had been re-
covered against the city of San Francisco by one
Morrison, and the property sold under an execu-
tion to the persons mentioned in the bill. It is
strongly intimated, in a letter of the Attorney
General to the Vice President, that the title of the
purchasers, under the execution, is a good one.
They were forcibly turned out of possession of
the property by Federal officers, and merely wish
to have a right to try their claim in the courts of
the United States.
Mr. JONES. I object to that bill, if it is in
order to object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
cannot, by his single objection, stop action upon
the bill at this stage. It is regularly under con-
sideration, and has been amended.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARTRELL demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill \vas passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I move that
we proceed to the consideration of the private
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that motion, I
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view to take up the public business. This
not being " objection day," it is scarcely worth
while to go iiUo a Committee of the "Whole on pri-
vate claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have not had a private
bill day this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is not "objection day;"
and therefore, as we all know, we can make no
progress on the Private Calendar.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are several bills
which have been objected to that ought to have a
hearing.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 submit the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union.
Mr. COBB. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to permit me ask the House to pass a bill
to provide a pension of eight dollars a month for
an old soldier who served five years. It has been
reported unanimously by the Committee on In-
valid Pensions. I expect this will be the last
application that I shall ever make to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are many such cases;
and if I gave way for them all, I might yield the
whole day. If the gentleman is not going to stay
here, he is not entitled to have his bill passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyl vania. I would
inquire if the new kingdom wil! not provide for
these old soldiers? [Laughter.]
# Mr. COBB. 1 am ready to answer any ques-
tions put to me in a proper manner; but I am not
disposed at this time to answer that question.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bili No. 895, making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill at
the point where it was left off when the bill was
under consideration on Wednesday last.
Mr. Q,XTARLES. I move to strike out the
following clause:
" For maintenance of the vessel provided for by the act
of 18th August, 1856, for inspection and transportation
purposes, $30,000."
And to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
For inspection and transportation purposes, $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation seems to
have been predicated upon a law which was en-
acted at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, which is in these words:
"For providing a buitable vessel, and for maintaining
the same for one year in visiting the lights and other aid-i;
for inspections and delivery of supplies; forplacingand re-
moving buoys ; andforthetranspoitationof matetials,sup-
plies, and laborers; for constructing and repairing light-
houses on the Pacific coast, $60,000."
That law, which has been recnacted every year
since, with one exception, merely provides for
the support of a vessel for one year. It was
omitted entirely at the second session of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress. It was renewed at the
last session; but there is no earthly necessity for
it now. At the time the law was first enacted,
we were constructing light-houses at numerous
points on the coast of California, and it was ne-
cessary to have materials carried to them by this
vessel.
Now, I state here that the cost of the whole
light-house system on the coast of California,
Oregon, and Washington, amounts to $62,070;
and we are asked to pay $30,000 a year to carry
oil to the fifteen light-houses on that coast, and
an inspector to them once or twice a year! I ask,
in the name of common sense, are we thus to
squander the people's money ? The law of 1856
is not obligatory upon us now. It merely pro-
vided that this vessel should be supported for one
year, and contemplated its discharge from the
public service at the end of that time. At the
second session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
and at the first session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, the same provision was passed, reducing
the amount appropriated to $30,000 from $60,000,
the original amount. At the short session of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress it was entirely omitted,
but at the last session it was renewed. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means seem to have acted
upon the mistaken idea that there was an exist-
ing law which required this nppropiiution. I ask
if the professions of economy of these gentlemen,
who are now about coming into power, were mere
canvass economy ? Will they sanction this squan-
dering of the public money with the cry of econ-
omy on their lips? I do trust that the committee,
in justice to the Treasury, and in justice to the
country, will strike out the appropriation. The
amount which I propose—$5,000—is, I think,
ample for the purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means, at the last session of Congress, omit-
ted this item; but the Senate inserted it, and when
it came here, the House agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate on a vote by the yeas and nays.
I am perfectly willing that the amendment of the
gentleman shall be adopted; but I have no doubt
that (he item will be put in by the Senate as an
amendment to the bill, and that the House will
agree to it.
Mr. &UARLES. Lot us do our duty, and let
the Senate attend to theirs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
"For lighting the Capitol aiul President's house, the
public grounds atound thorn, and around the executive
offices:, Pennsylvania avenue, IJudge and High streets,
in Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth
streets, across ihe mall, $42,000."
Mr. GtUARLES. I move to amend that clause
by striking out after the word " avenue," down
to and including the word " mall," and by re-
ducing the amount of the appropriation to $30,000.
I objected to this appropriation at the last session
of Congress; and the House then reduced it, or
struck it out, I think, on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will per-
ceive that the amount is now reduced.
Mr. QJJARLES. IL is true that it is reduced
to $42,000; but 1 do not think U incumbent upon
the Federal Government to light up the streets of
Washington and Georgetown. I do not think it
incumbent upon us to assume the entire expendi-
tures of the District of Columbia. I am perfectly-
willing that Pennsylvania avenue, which leads -
to the public buildings, should be lighted by the
Government; but I do not see that it is incumbent
upon us to light the streets of Georgetown, and
Four-and-a-half and Twelfth streets, in Wash-
ington, any more than it is to light all the other
streets of the two cities. As to Seventh street,
it is suggested to me that that runs by two of the
departments, and I am perfectly willing that it
should be lighted, so that there may be access to
the post office at all times. But we ought to stop
this system of lighting streets upon which there
are no public buildings, and which do not adjoin
the public grounds, or the entire District of Co-
lumbia will be pensioned upon the Federal Treas-
ury. It is fast getting to be so now. I can see
no reason for it. None of our States pay for the
lighting of their capital. I ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the State of Ohio pays for lighting the streets of
Columbus ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps my| friend from
Tennessee is not aware that this is simply for
lighting the public grounds. These streets pass
through certain malls or reservations, and this
appropriation is only to pay for the cost of keep*
ing up the lights through these grounds.
Mr. &UARLES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether High street, in Georgetown, passes
through any of the public grounds ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; but Pennsylvania av-
enue and High street have always been lighted at
theexpense of the Government. The otherstrects
of which the gentleman complains, are streets that
cross the mall. I do not care whether the item
be stricken out or not. We debated this same
matter at the last session, and reduced the price
of gas to a reasonable sum.
Mr. GtUARLES. Yes; but the Senate restored
the item which the House had stricken out. I
insist on my amendment that this sum shall be
rcduced fiom $42,000 to $30,000.
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the committee will
not adopt the amendment. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has already
stated all that perhaps ought to be stated to sat-
isfy the committee that this amendment should
not be adopted. He has stated that Four-and-a-
half street, Seventh street, and Twelfth street,
across the mall, should be lighted at the expense
of the Government. It is certainly important
that communication between different parts of this
city at night should be safe. It is not for the
city to light these streets at their expense; be-
cause they run through the public grounds, and
if they were not lighted by the Government, they
would be left utterly in the dark. At this time
when there are so many incendiaries about, it
would be very unsafe for residents to cross the
mall at night unless the streets were lighted, as
they have been, and as they are now.
Ihe question was taken on Mr. CIuarles's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mi. TRAIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the one hundred and sev-
enty-third line:
For constructing the cellar in the northern part of the
Patent OHice building into offices and stoie-rooni6:, and for
putting iron atound the. areas of the comt-yurd of said
building, and tor flagging the hdinu, $12,000.
That amendment is taken from the estimates
of the Secretary of the Interior, and I leave it to
the consideration of the committee.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out £>40,000 in the one hundred and eightieth
line, ana inserting in lieu thereof $75,000. This is
in the item for collecting agricultural statistics,
and cuttings and seeds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggesttothe gentleman
from Tennessee to make it $60,000, and we can
have a vote on it in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; make it $60,000.
Let the amendment be agreed to pro forma, and
let us have a vote upon it in the House.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, as an additional proviso:
•And provided further, That the propagating garden shall
be discontinued, and the cuttings, shrubs, and seeds con-
nected therewith transferred to the botanic garden ; and
no part of this appropriation shall be expended in the erec-
