1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
Twentieth amendment:
' After line three hundred and sixty-seven, [a clause pro-
viding for the survey of the public lands In Washington
Territory,] insert the following proviso :
Provided, That the proviso in the clause of the act ap-
proved the 23d of June, 1860, appropriating $8,000 to carry
into effect the act approved the 16th day of May, 1860, cre-
ating an additional land district in Washington Territory,
be, and the'same is hereby, repealed.
' The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington Territory. I
wish, to make a brief statement in favor of the
adoption of the amendment of the Senate. By the
aet of May 16, 1860, an additional land district
was authorized in the Territory of Washington.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
At this point the committee rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, a
message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Patton, one of their clerks, announcing that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills of
the House for the relief of Messrs. Coale& Barr,
and for the relief of Greenbury M. Watkins, of
Montgomery county, Maryland.
Also, that the Senate had adopted the following
resolution, m which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,) That
the sixteenth and seventeenth joint inles of the two Houses
be suspended during the remainder of the present session.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. A proviso
to the act of June 23,1S60, provided that the sum
should be paid out of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands in the new land district. Now,
in consequence of that proviso, it has been im-
possible to put in operation the land office pro-
vided for by law. There have been no lands of-
fered for public sale in the Territory of Washing-
ton. We are growing up there under the system of
preemption, devolving large duties upon the offi-
cers of the land office, and making it essential for
the public convenience and for the transaction of
the public business, that this office shguld be put
into operation. 1 told the Committee of Ways
and Means, last session, that that would be the
effect of the proviso;and I was assured by gentle-
men of the committee that it was not the intention
of the committee to prevent the office going into
operation.
If this amendment of the Senate be concurred
in, then we can start that land office, which is ab-
solutely indispensable, and for the want of which
great inconvenience has resulted to the settlers.
With this brief statement, and with the remark
that the amendment was unanimously approved
of in the Senate, and was unanimously reported
by the Committee on Public Lands of the Senate,
I close, by expressing a hope that this committee
will concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
In line two hundredand seventy-nine, strike out " five "
and insert in lieu thereof " three;" so that the clause will
1 For preparing the unfinished records of public and pri-
vate surveys, to be transferred to the State authorities,
under the provisions of the aet of 1:1th June, 1810, in those
districts where the surveys are about being completed, per
act of 22d of January, 1853, $8,800.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in
Twenty-second amendment:
After line two lmodied and eighty, insert the following:
To supply deficiency in appropriation for expenses lorthe
present fiscal year, ot transpoitatlon of bullion from the
assay office at New York to the Mint at Philadelphia for
coinage, P'liD.000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrencc.
The amendment was concurred ill.
Twenty-third amendment:
After line two hunched and eightv-four, insert the follow-
For constiuctmg on each flooi of the Government build-
ing called '■ Winder s Building."tlienecessary water-clos-
eta, urinals, slop-water sinks, and hose cooks, $3,450.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence. >
The amendment was concurred in
Twenty-fourth amendment:
For payment to George P. Kane, president of the Ex-
change Companv. of Baltimore, for extra work done on the
post office building m the city of Baltimore, $9,688 82.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say something m
favor of that amendment of the Senate; and I
move, pro forma, to increase the appropriation one
dollar. I have now in my hand a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, recommending that so
much of the claim of George P. Kane as is spe-
cified in that amendment be paid; and that that
amount was expended in the repair of 'a building
owned by the Government of the United States.
The claim of Colonel Kane, as I am informed,
amounts to more than the sum specified in this
amendment; but the Secretary of the Treasury
only recommends the payment of the sum named
in the amendment. I would have the letter read,
but I suppose that it is unnecessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am somewhat surprised
that the gentleman from Missouri should speak
in favor of this amendment, as it violates a well
known rule, being simply a private claim hitched
on to this bill by some Senator.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to placing pri-
vate claims upon the several appropriation bills;
but I do not regard this amendment in that light.
This is an excess in expenditures incurred under
instructions from the Secretary of the Treasury
in the repair of this building. A sum of money
was appropriated for the repair ol the building"
which proved inadequate, and the money ex-
pended in the repairs exceeded the amount pro-
vided for that purpose—$9,600. I do not, there-
fore, regard it as a private claim; and I think the
money is justly due.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. This is a private
claim, and 1 think it ought to be allowed to take
its regular course in the Court of Claims. It has
no business on the bill, and there is nothing be-
fore the committee that I know of to justify its
payment.
Mr. PHELPS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend by reducing
the amount two dollars. This can scarcely be con-
sidei cd, Mr. Chairman, as coming with in the usual
category of private claims. It is simply for the
purpose of carrying out a contract oil the part of
the Treasury Department The Senate has intro-
duced it into this bill; it is recommended by the
Treasury Department, and seems to come here
with all the usual and ordinary guarantees of the
Government for the prevention of fraud. I be-
lieve I am not wrong in stating that when the bill
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, the information was not before that com-
mittee which I now hold in my hand. The prob-
ability is—at least I think I have a right, to draw
that conclusion—that the committee would have
recommended a concurrence in the Senate amend-
ment if they had been in possession of the in-
formation which was in the hands of the Senate.
I trust, sir, that this committee and the House
will now do justice in this case, follow out the
recommendation of the head of the Treasury De-
partment, and concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
The question being on Mr. Huciies's amend-
ment to tile amendment,
Mr. HUGHES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred m.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including wast-
age of the Mint at Philadelphia, in addition to the sum
appropriated by the act '* making approbations for the le-
gislative. executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment," $15,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not want to embar-
rass the proposition^but I have an amendment
which I desire to pres'ent somewhere for the pur-
pose of testing the sense of the House upon the
propriety of appropriating sufficient money to
finish the building intended to be constructed
for the post office and United States courts at
Philadelphia. I may say here that the bids au-
thorized by the act of the last session have been
made, and I learn at the Treasury Department
that it will require an additional §100,000 to con-
struct this building. In order that the sense of the
House may be ascertained in that regard, I pro-
pose, at the proper place, to submit an amend-
ment.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including wast-
age at the mint at San Francisco, in addition to the sum
appropriated by the act " making appropriations for the le-
gislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment," $20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
To enable the President of the United States to carry into
effect the act of 3d March, 1819, and any subsequent acts
now in force, for the suppression of the slave trade, $900,000;
and the President is hereby authorized to allow such com-
pensation, not exceeding in the whole .$10,000, to the Uni-
ted States marshals, district attorneys, and any other per-
sons employed in enforcing said laws,as may to liim seem
proper, for any service they may render, for which no allow-
ance can now be made under existing laws.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That in no case shall the compensation mado
to anv district attorney or marshal, in any one year, exceed
the sum of kd,000, the maximum amount now allowed by
law, and at that rate for any period of time less than one
year.
Mr. BRANCH. I would be glad if some mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means would
state, in general terms, the nature of the service
which it is proposed here to pay for. I can very
well conceive there may be such services rendered,
but I want to know what they are.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law of last session
fixes the amount to be paid to captors of slavers.
Mr. BRANCH. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means docs not understand my
inquiry. This amendment appropriates $10,000
to enable the President •' to allow such compen-
sation to the United States marshals, district at-
torneys, and any other persons employed in
enforcing said laws.'*' What is that for?
Mr. SHERMAN. All that we know about it
is that the late Secretary of the Interior, Mr.
Thompson, and also Mr. Kelly, stated that ex-
penses were incurred in keeping captured Afri-
cans that were not provided for by law. The
amount paid to the marshals is limited to $6,000
a year. Sometimes they have to employ other
persons to keep these captured Africans, and
there is no provision made for paying them.
Mr. BRANCH. Cannot the marshals, under
existing law, employ such persons as he may
deem necessary?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very doubtful.
Mr. PHELPS. The late Secretary of the Treas-
ury informed us that m the execution of this law,
there were services required to be performed, both
by district attorneys and marshals, where no com-
pensation was proscribed. In some instances, on-
erous duties were imposed on those officers, and
no provision made by law for their compensation.
A case occurred recently in Virginia, I think,
where the Secretary of the Interior was of opin-
ion that an additional compensation should be
paid to the district attorney and marshal. Where
they employ persons to perform such service as
guarding or taking care of captured Africans, that
expense is paid out of the judiciary fund; but
where additional counsel is'employ^ed, no such
provision for payment is made. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend the Senate
amendment, with a proviso that the fees and
emoluments of district attorneys or marshals shall
not exceed $6,000 per annum. So that where their
income does exceed that amount, no additional
compensation shall be made; but that where the
fees and emoluments are small, and where a dis-
trict attorney has to bestow two or three weeks'
time on a case in court, there may be authority
to allow him additional compensation. It is rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred m.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
To pay for labor on, and materials furnished for, Post
Office extension, $16,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
