338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
strike at a Territory advancingin population and
prosperity, and needing these surveys, as New
Mexico docs? If you intend to admit her into
.the Union as a State, as that seems the plan of
compromise agreed upon, the United States sur-
veys ought to be carried on. The emigration
there demand that they should not be diminished
or suspended. The private land claims ought to
be separated from the public lands.
This appropriation of $10,000 is not enough
for the surveys that are required. Why, sir, un-
less you make a sufficient appropriation, you
might as well abolish the offiep of surveyor gen-
eral altogether. It takes more to keep him and
his clerk in the Territory than it does to survey
the land. If the surveys are to be continued,
then the committee ought to adopt my amend-
ment. It provides the sum estimated by the De-
partment. I do not really see what reason there
can be to reduce the estimate for New Mexico,
and not reduce that for Kansas and Nebraska.
There is more land surveyed in these Territories
than there is in New Mexico; and the emigration
to New Mexico is double that to Kansas and Ne-
braska. The settlers in the northern part of New
Mexico are from the western States, and they
demand that the lands shall be surveyed, so that
they may locate them. I hope my amendment
will be agreed to.
Mr. Q.UARLES. The gentleman is mistaken
in one respect. There has been a prorata reduc-
tion on the estimates for California. Thirty
thousand dollars was the estimate, and only
$20,000 is provided for in the bill. The estimate
for New Mexico was $15,000, and that is reduced
to $10,000. It seems, however, that there is no
reduction in the case of Kansas and Nebraska.
When that appropriation is reached, any gentle-
man can move to reduce it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means have appropiiated the same sum for
New Mexico that was appropriated last year.
No more was nsked for Kansas and Nebraska
than was appropriated in the previous bill.
Mr. OTERO withdrew the amendment to the
amendment.
The question was taken upon Mr. Otero's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration,
For surveying the public lands in Washington Territory,
at the rates now authorized by law, §15,000,
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, said: I move
to amend that clause by striking out " $15,000,"
and inserting "#20,000." 1 move this amend-
ment because $20,000 is the estimate of the De-
partment, and I would ask the committee to re-
store that estimate. It is much less than the sum
recommended by the surveyor general of that'
Territory. 1 ^vill not enlarge upon this matter;
but inasmuch as the estimates of the Department
are a very great reduction of the estimates of the
surveyor general, aujl inasmuch as the appro-
priation has been very small fora period of years;
and indeed, inasmuch as for several years there
were no appropriations, I hope my amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration,
For preparing the unfinished records of public and private
surveys, to be transferred to the State authorities, under the
provisions of the act of 12th of June, J840, in those dis-
tricts where the surveys arc about being completed, per act
of 22d of January. 1855, .^8,800,
Mr. Q.UARLES said: I rise merely for the
purpose of asking a question of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, for informa-
tion. This clause is rather indefinite, and the
amount appropriated seems to be very large. I
desire to know what the records are which are
required to be kept and preserved at an expense
of $8,800?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the law referred to
in the bill, copies of certain records of surveys
are required to be transferred to the State author-
ities of certain States.
Mr. ClUARLES. Is this item estimated for
by the Department, and was it supposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to have been
properly estimated ? Did the Committee suppose
that the preparing and filing of these papers would
cost $8,0(10 a year?
Mr. SHERMAN. The estimate of the Depart-
ment was $8,800, and the committee could not see
that it was loo much.
Mr. GtUARLES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "eight" and inserting in lieu thereof,
ii four;" so as to make the amount $4,800.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I oiler the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated in like manner, for the purpose of
completing and providing the proper furniture lor the new
comt-housc and post office at Indianapolis, Indiana, the
sum of $5,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this is an old acquaint-
ance, I raise a point of order upon it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I submit that the amend-
ment is strictly in order under the rule. It is to
provide for a continuation of a public work, and
for furnishing a Government building in Indian-
apolis.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must overrule
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, as the amendment is for the contin-
uation of an improvement already authorized by
law.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have a precedent to
the contrary upon this very point, and I believe
the present Chairman decided it.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
a few words in support of the amendment which
I have offered. The Government has about com-
pleted, at Indianapolis, at a cost of near one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars, a building
for the accommodation of the Federal courts
which hold their sessions there, the post office,
and the land offices. No provision has been made
for supplying the building with the furniture need-
ful to fit it for occupancy. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in a letter which I hold in my hand,
states that $5,000 will be required to provide the
necessary furniture.
The circuit and district courts of the United
States, for the district of Indiana, hold their ses-
sions at Indianopohs only; the only distributing
post office of the State is there; and the land offices
of the State have been consolidated into two, and
are located there. I mention this to show the
amount of furniture required, properly to supply
the building.
The Government is now paying, in the way of
rents, $900 per annum for a building for the post
office, $200 for the marshal's and clerk's offices,
and $500 for the land offices. The State is also
setting up a claim for rent for apartments fur-
nished for the use of the Federal courts. These
expenses will be saved hereafter, by the passage
of the pending amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
a bill (ll. R. No. 895) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 18G2, and had di-
rected him to report the same to the House, with
sundry amendments, and with a recommendation
that they do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Loomis,] I believe, desires to offer
his amendment in reference to marine hospitals.
With the understanding that that amendment is
pending, I call the previous question upon the
bill and amendments.
The several amendments recommended by the
committee were agreed to in gross, with the ex-
ception of the following; upon which separate
votes were asked:
First amendment:
Pane 1, line eleven, strike out •"$100,000," and insert
" $25*0,000 ■* <> th.it the clause will read:
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast
survey of thft United States, (including compensation of
civilians engaged m the work, and excluding pay and emol-
uments of officer? of the Army and Navy, and petty otfioets
and men ot the Navy employed on the work.) §2*50,000.
Mr. Q.UARLES demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and also called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McKea*
and CIuarles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 41, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrieh, Allpy, Asldev, Bocock,
Braytori,Buffinton, Burch,Burnham, Caiter. Coburn,Joim
Cochrane, Dawes, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Florence, Fos-
ter, French, Gamett, Gooch, Graham, ilindman, Hughes,
Humphrey,DeWitt C. Leach, Longnecker, Marstou, JVlc-
Kniglit, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Perry, Rice, Sickles,
Stanton, Stout, Tappan, Train, Waldron, Webster, and
Woodruff—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson,
Avery, Babbitt, Barret, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
Bouhgny, Branch, Brown, Burnett, Butterfield, Carey,
John B. Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Colfax. Covode, Cox, Da-
vidson, Jolm O. Davis, DeJarnette, Edgerton, Edmund-
son, Ely, English, Etheridge, Foukc, Gaitrell, Gilmer,
Grow, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton,HeI-
mick, Hill, Hoard, Holman, William Howard, Irvine,
Jones, Junkiu, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Lar-
rabee, James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Mayuard, MeKenty,MePher-
son, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore,. Sydenham Moore,
Moorhead, NiblacR, Nixon, Noel!, Palmer, Pendleton,
Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Pryor, Quarles, Ed-
win It. Reynolds, Riffgs, Royee, Sedgwick, Sherman, Wi>-
ham N. Ii. Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stokes, Thayer, Tompkins, Trimble, Vallandig-
ham, Vance, Van Wyck, Veriee, Wade, Walton, Eilihn
B.Washhurne, Well?., Whiteiey,Wilson, and Wright—105.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. HINDMAN said: [ am one of those who
have always opposed appropriations of this char-
acter, upon grounds of justice and expediency;
but upon the present occasion it is my purpose to
assist gentlemen upon the opposite side in bank-
rupting,as soon as possible, a Governmentwhose
purse and powers are soon to be used for the sub-
jugation of my brethren of the South. I vote
"ay."
Mr. TRAIN stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Kunkel upon all political questions; but not
considering this as in that category, he would vote
" ay."
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. Allen,
was called home by the death of his child.
Mr. LEAKE and Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia,
severally announced that, had they been within
the Hall when their names were called, they would
have voted " no."
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Millward
had paired off with Mr. Hawkins until Tuesday
next.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Second amendment:
Page 3, strike outlines thirty-eight to forty-six inclusive,
as follows: " Provided, That the Secretary ot the Tieas-
ury is hereby authoiizeri to i cut either of the several marine
hospitals to "the proper nntlioiities of the cities, towns, or
counties in which said hospitals are located, and contiact
with snob nntlioiities for the relief of the stek and disabled
seamen entitled to relief under the act of 3d of May, 1802;
and in eases of infections diseases, to make such regulations
for their relief as he deems expedient j" and insert, in lieu
hereof, the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to lease or rent, for a term not exceeding four
years, either of the marine hospitals, (where the whole
number of seamen admitted to such hospitals during the
last three years shall not have avciaged fi ty per year, arid
where a saving of money maybe made to the Government
and without detriment to the seamen entitled to jelief,) to
the proper authorities of cttics, towns, or counties, or to
piivatc individuals, or associations, wlieie such hospitals
aie located, and to contiact with sueh authorities, individ-
uals,or association*, forthe relief of such sick and disabled
seamen entitled to relief under any laws of the United
States now in force; and m eases ol infectious diseases to
make such regulations lor their rehet as he deems expedi-
ent.
Mr. WASHI3URNE, of Illinois. The first
question will be upon the amendment offered by
the gentleman fiom Connecticut, [Mr. Loomis,]
if I understand it. If that is voted down, then
the question will be on the amendment reported
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to strike out the proviso in the ori-
ginal bill. Am I right?
The SPEAKER. That is correct, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to save a vote, I
suggest that, by unanimous consent, the proviso
reported by the Committee of Wavs and Means
be stricken out and that proposed by the gentle-
man from Connecticut he substituted for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We had
better take the usual course.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. LOOMIS demanded the yeas and nays on
his amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Stevens, ofPennsylvania, and Craig, of
Missouri.
