1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Thirty-third amendment:
For payment of balance due contractor for building the
custom-houses at Belfast and Ellsworth, Maine, $448 79.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Sec. & *8nd be it further enacted, That the surr: of $60,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the same being
a reappropriation of the same amount, (which sum was
appropriated bylaw on the 3d of Match, 1857, and reverted
to the surplus fund of the Treasury,) to construct the sewer
on Flushing avenue, Brooklyn, New York, in continuation
of that now constructed to such point in said avenue as
shall be determined by the Navy Department; thence
through the United States grounds, or through Vanderbilt
avenue, as shall be decided bys=aid Depaitment, to the
waters of the Waltabout: Provided, The eity of Brooklyn
will agree to pay one-half of the expense of said sewer on
Flushing avenue.
The Committee of "Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I think that the commit-
tee should concur in this amendment, and 1 pro-
pose to state the reasons why. This amendment
as appears upon its face, is for the reappropriation
of the same amount which was appropriated in
March, 1857. The amendment as it stands in this
bill, was drawn up in the Bureau of Yards an$
Docks, by Commodore Smith, and was recom-
mended by the Department as a work indispens-
able at the present time. The navy-yard in Brook-
lyn occupies a water front extending;, I think,
nearly a mile along- the shore of the city, and a
large portion of the uplands of the city are neces-
sanly drained through it. This proposed sewer
is the only mode of draining an area of six hun-
dred acres of upiand; and the choice which the
Government has now to make is, whether the
system of sewers which has been constructed in
Brooklyn, and which terminates at the navy-yard
wall, shall extend over the Brooklyn navy-yard,
or whether this sewer, already commenced, shall
be completed.
For the purpose of bringing this matter fully
before the House, 1 ask that two letters from
Commodore Smith, the head of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, be read; one under date of Feb-
ruary 23, 1861, and the other under date of Jan-
uary 8, 1857, at the time when the appropriation
was originally made.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Bureau of Yards and Docks, January 8,1857.
Sir: Alter con&nltation with engineers and others in re-
lation to the sewer through the grounds of the New Yoik
navy-yard, J have come to the conclusion that it will be
best to construct a new sewer upon Flushing avenue to Van-
derbilt avenue, thence through the United States grounds
to the Wailabout water.
The City of Brooklyn will, it is presumed, pay one half
the expense, so far as the sewers shall be constructed on
the avenues, and the United States to do the balance of the
work to law-water mark.
The improvements about to be made on these "rounds,
until this sewer be constructed, will be subject to the wash
from ttie whole of Flushing a\euue. 1 therefore respect-
fully recommend that the Committee ol Ways and Means
be a«ked to include in the N.ivy bill an appropriation ot
$60,000 for the construction ol the sewer, with a proviso
tli.it the City of Biooklyn shall pay one half the co«t of the
same on Flushing avenue.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient
servant, JOSEPH SMITH.
Hon. J. C. Dobbim, Secretary of the Navy.
Bureau op Yards and Docks, February S3,1861.
Sir: i have received your letter of the &>d instant, and
in leply would state that no estimate was submitted by the
bureau in its annual estimates for the sewer mentioned;
but an amendment was made to the Navy appiopnation
bill approved 3d March, 1857, based, 1 presume, upon the
letter of the bureau to the Secretary of the Navy, dated 8th
January, 1857, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.
The aet ot 3d March, 1857, appiopriates $60,000 for the
construction of a sewer on Flushing a\enue, through the
United States property, at the Brooklyn navy-yard, to the
waters of the Wailabout, on condition that the eit} ot
Brooklyn should pay one half ot the expense of the same
on Flushing avenue. The city of Biooklyn failing to com-
ply with the provisions of the act, the sewer was not con
structed,and after the expiration of two years, the money
went back to the surplus fund of the Treasury, according
to iaw.
This improvement, in the opinion of the bureau, is abso-
lutely necessary both for the accommodation ot the eify and
she Government propeity. The co«t of the work cannot
be precisely -tated ; hut the engineerot' the j aid thinks the
amount (£60,000j sufficient; of this, however, the bureau
is m doubt.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH.
Hon. J. Vv*. Grimes, United States Senate.
Mr, HUMPHREY. I have been informed by
a member of the Legislature, but have not had
time to verify it, that when theState of NewYork
ceded the jurisdiction of this yard to the Govern-
ment, it was with the express provision that not
less than three sewers should be built at the ex-
pense of the Government across the yard, for the
purpose of draining the city of Brooklyn.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUMPHREY. In order that I may submit
a few more remarks, 1 will move, pro forma, to
amend section third by adding the letter " s" to
" money, so that the section will read, " out of
any moneys in the Treasury, &c."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be
required to speak to his amendment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I will endeavor to do so.
Mr. Chairman, the reason that these moneys,
which were appropriated by this Government in
1857 were not devoted to the construction of this
sewer did not grow out of any fault of the city of
Brooklyn, but was owing to the delays in the
construction of the aqueducts of the city, and
the indispensable delay in completing a system
of sewers*, and also because the city was not
authorized to issue the necessary bonds in order
to commence their portion of the work. For that
reason the old appropriation was permitted to
lapse into the Treasury, very much, however, to
the detriment of the Government of the United
States, and causing very great complaints from
the Departments. The city is now ready to per-
form its part of the work; and the worst of it is,
that, unless this drain is built by the General
Government, the whole of the sewerage of a large
portion of the city will be into the navy-yard. It
will be seen that the head of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks states, in the communication just read,
that this work is absolutely necessary for the
preservation of the public property; and I hope
that the House will concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Several years
ago the Committee of Ways and Means had this
subject under consideration, and it was thoroughly
investigated by Governor Letcher and myself.
There is no doubt at all that a sewer ought to
be constructed, partly at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, and partly at the expense of the city.
It is indispensable to the navy-yard; it is essen-
tial to the city. Accordingly, the Committee of
Ways ayd Means sanctioned an appropriation at
that time, on the basis that the city of Brooklyn
should pay one half of the expense,and the Gov-
ernment the other half; the appropriation not to
be used unless they furnish their share. For some
reason or other, they failed to contribute then-
share of the money, the sewer was not constructed,
and the appropriation relapsed to the Treasury
under the general law. The other day, when this
Senate amendment came up in the Committee of
Ways and Means, I voted for non-concurring,
supposing, probably, that all this delay had taken
place purposely, and that it was a mere trick to
wriggle along until finally the necessities of the
Government should demand that it should con-
struct the whole of the sewer, and relieve the city
from its share of the work. I am informed now
that the reason why the city of Brooklyn did not
contribute the money to let the work go on, was
because the Legislature of New York failed to
pass a law authorizing it to raise the money. I
understand that the law is now passed, and this
appropriation being limited by the condition that
they shall furnish their share of the expense, I
am inclined to think that the committee ought to
concui m it.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
then withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That to enable the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing to execute the binding and
ruling, and to furnish blank hooks for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial departments after the 4th ot March, 1861,
in accordance with the piovisions of the joint resolution of
June 23, 1860, in ielation to the public printing, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and is heicbj, dm cted to place to
the credit ot the Supeunteudent of Public Pi mtingi he pums
hoietoime appropuated for binding, iuhng,and blank books
for said depaitments u\-pcctiv'clyand should the Prmtets
or Binders to the present Congress, or either of them, de-
cline ot fail to execute any ot the punting or binding or-
dered by the Senate oi House of Representatives duung the
present'se-^ion, the Supeuntendent of the Public Punting
13 heieby authorized and duected to cau^e the printing or
binding so ordned and declined, to be executed under the
provisions ot the joint lesolution heietofoie referred to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in the amend-
ment, with the following amendment:
Strike out the word " directed," and in lieu thereof, in-
sert the word " authorized."
Mr. FLORENCE. I move an amendment to
the amendment of-the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
And to enable the commissioners authorized by law to
prepare plans and superintend the construction of the build-
ing in the city of Philadelphia intended for the purposes
and uses of the post office and courts of the United States, to
proceed to contract for the work, $100,000, and in addition
thereto, ten per cent, upon the cost of the building for the
usual contingent expenses.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order on the amendment. What has com-
pleting a custom-house to do with this Senate
amendment?
Mr. FLORENCE. If the point of order be
pressed,! presume it is not in order. I will,there-
fore withdraw my amendment until another and
more fitting opportunity.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be com-
pelled to decide it to be out of order.
The amendment to theamendmentwas agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Sec.5. Jlnd. beit further enacted, That the sum of $80,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary for the purpose, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for the payment,for
materials delivered for the extension of the Treasury build-
ins, under existing contracts; and that the further sum of
$*<250,000 be also appropriated for the continuance of the
work of such extension.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Spc. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner
of Indian Alfaiis be directed to examine the accounts of
Brigham Young, late Governor of Utah Teiritoxy, and ea;
officio superintendent of Indian affairs, for disbursements
alleged to have been made by him on account of the Indian
service in said Territory, and leport a statement thereof to
Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence.
Mr. HOOPER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all after the word " Territory,15 and inscit in
lieu theieof the following:
The sum of $32,734 15, or so much thereof as may be
found due on the adjustment of said account, is hereby
appropriated for the payment of the same.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 do not sec why
we should pass any such amendment. We re-
fused, a little while ago, to appoint a commission,
and 1 do not sec why we should now appoint one
for Brigham Young. If he is a defaulter to the
United States, let him be turned over to the Uni-
ted States courts; and if found guilty, let him
suffer the penalty of the law.
Mr. PHELPS. My colleague entirely misap-
prehends the character of the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the judge of the
district court for the district of Minnesota is hereby re-
quued to hold a term of said couit in each year at Man-
kato, to commence on the fust Monday in June, instead of
at Piestan, as now required by law; and so much of the
act of Congress approved March 3,1859, requmng the said
judsc to hold a term of said court at Preston, is heieby re-
pealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the treasurer of
the branch mint at San Francisco, California, be, and he
js heieby, directed to pay to Michael Casein, administrator
of the estate of James Cas.-in, deceased, the sum of $391,
being the value of twenty-two ounces of gold dust, depos-
ited by James Cassin, decea-cd, in the year 1855, and by
mistake ciedited to John Cassin.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it fwither enacted, That the Secretary of
State be directed to audit and settle the accounts of Charles
J. Helm, consul g^neuil of the United States at Uavann,
upon the principles of justice and equity, for the expens-us
incurred by him in pieparmg and making the repoits and
returns, and bunging up the arreaiages of the business of
his predecessor in that ofhee, and for extra clerk hire in his
