1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
1209
office, and for moneys advanced to destitute American cit-
izens, and for extra rent, and to pay the amount thereof.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move, pro forma, to re-
duce the amount one dollar. I hope, Mr. Chair-
man, that thus House will concur in this amend-
ment of the Senate. It is eminently just and
proper. A more accomplished gentleman, or a
more efficient diplomat, is not now in the consular
service than my friend, who fills, at this time, the
office of consul general at Havana. The facts in
relation to the proposed amendment are these:
the quarterly commercial returns and reports of
the consulate at. Havana, prior to Major Helm's
appointment, had, from a vacancy in the office,
or from some other cause, not been mode, nor
had the records of the office, prior to that time,
been kept up. Important public interests required
that, at so important a point as Havana, these
records should be regularly and speedily brought
up in such form that easy reference might be made
to them. A failure in this respect might at any
time have seriously involved the rights of ship-
masters, or those of importers or exporters of
goods. To accomplish such a public necessity,
extra clerks were required. Major Helm did not
hesitate to have these records and entries per-
fected, and paid for their completion out of lus
own pocket. This constitutes one item of settle-
ment specified in this amendment. Another item
consists in money advanced to sick and destitute
American citizens, othei than seamen, who found
themselves landed on a foreign strand, without
friends or the means of subsistence. They ap-
pealed to the generosity, not to say the humanity,
of our consul, Major Helm. None, i venture to
affirm, ever appealed in vain. His noble liberality
would allow no countryman of his in Havana to
suffer for shelter or food. Is it right to tax his
liberality, to reduce his already inadequate com-
pensation, by denying him reimbutsement for
advances demanded by the suffering humanity of
American citizens: Who among us would deny
the justice of such a claim? Why should we re-
fuse it? Another item is for rent tendered neces-
sary by the removal of Ins office to a more con-
venient position, and likewise demanded by the
public interests.
Every item in this amendment is heartily ap-
proved and recommended by the State Depart-
ment. It only authorizes the Secretary of State
to settle with him upon ex equo ct bono principles,
and allow him reimbursement for items of ex-
penditure paid out of his own pocket for the pub-
lic interest—the amount to be allowed not to ex-
ceed, under any circumstances, the sum of money
advanced and paid out by him. It cannot cxceed
a little over eight thousand dollars. I have myself
gone to the office of the Secretary of State, and
every officer in that Department, I am quite sure,
would heartily indorse the propriety of this amend-
ment. It is just and equitable, and I earnestly
hope this committee will concur in its passage,
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. It may be true
that money is due from the Government to Major
Helm. The Committee of Ways and Means do
not pretend to say how that may be. But if tho
Government owes him anything* it is a private
claim, and it ought to be distinctly stated and in-
dorsed by some committee of this House. The
idea of turning claims over to some executive
officer, to be settled upon principles of equity and
justice, is a total departure from the whole prac-
tic of the Government. Therefore, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means resist a concuirence m
this amendment, without any disrespect to Major
Helm, and without denying that there may per-
haps bo money due him. We know nothing about,
that. At the very worst, it is a private claim, and
ought to take its chance with other private claims.
Sir. BURNETT. Is this the first pnvate claim :
which has been put upon appropriation bills? ;
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. No private :
claim has ^oiie upon such bills witii mj consent. |
Mr. BURNETT. Is there not another private
claim upon this \ery bill r
Mr. IIOWA RD, of M ichigan. I do not know. ■
Mr. EURNETT. Thesis the claim of Mrs. !
Mr. SHERMAN. Hut the Committee of Ways 1
and Means opposed thai. I
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. We feel bound \
to resist this claim, because it is a departure from |
the practice of the Government to turn private
claims over to be settled upon principles of equity
and justice, which might be mere moonshine,
according to the ability or integrity of the officer.
It is our duty to treat this as a private claim.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move another pro forma
amendment to add a word more. It may be
true, in one sense, that this is a private claim;
but I do not see why, if eminently right, that
should operate against it; because the House often
puts private claims upon bills of this sort. As an
illustration, this bill itselfcontains a private claim.
Where claims of imperative justice, like that of
Mrs. Linn and Major Helm, are puton,the prac-
tice of the Committee of Ways and Means to re-
ject them all is, I submit, V more honored in the
breach than in the observance."
So far as the justice of this claim is concerned,
we have the Department certifying to the justness
of the claim and to the justice of this allowance.
It is for money paid out, in one sense, for the
Government of the United States; and the pay-
ment was rendered neccssary by the fact that the
predecessors of Major Helm had not kept up the
records of that consulate. It was essential to the
United States that the records of that consulate
should be kept up. The State Department could
not have complied with the act" requiring foreign
regulations of commerce to be laid annually be-
fore Congress,5' if these records had not been
brought up. Nobody disputes that it was neces-
sary, nay, essential to the public, interest; and
extra clerk hire was required to do it. Major
Helm, in order to do what the interest of his Gov-
ernment required, did employ extra clerks, under'
the approbation of the Department, and paid them
out of his own pocket.
As to the distressed American citizens, they
were landed at Havana, and looked for protection
to the American flag, and appealed for succor to
the humanity of the American consul. He received
and took such charge of them as every Ameri-
can consul should take of his distiessed country-
men who are thrown upon a foreign land. Sim-
ilar allowances have been made in many instances
to other consuls. Why should it be denied > I
am proud, as a Kentuekian, of the noble charities
of our consul general. No one has been to Ha-
vana, duringhis service there, who does not speak
of his boundless hospitality and genial courtesies.
He will not regret it, whether Congress refuses
to pay him or not.
The amendment only proposes that the Secre-
tary of State shall settle this claim upon just and
equitable principles, and only return to Major
Helm the money advanced out of an inadequale
support, in performing duties imposed by the
omission of others, and which the rights and in-
terests of his country required should be per-
formed. I urge earnestly its adoption.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I have no opinion to ex-
press m regard to the merits of this claim; but it
is proper to state that the claim is now before the
Committee on Foreign Affairs,as a private claim.
That committee have so far acted upon it as to
lequest from the State Department a statement of
facts in regard to it, but they have not yet suffi-
ciently investigated it to make a report.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
withdrew both of his amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following as a
new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of $300,000, in
addition to the amount heretofore appiopriatecl, be. and
the sune is hereby, nppropuaU'd out of any money not
othci wise appiopnated, lor the construction of the building
intended for the po.-t oHiee and court? ot the United £?ut(Jb,
authorized 10 be elected in the city of Philadelphia, to-
gether with ten per centum of the gro--. amount appropri-
ated for the contingent expenses ot the work.
Mr HOWARD, of Michigan. I raise the
same question of order upon that that I did be-
fore.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent. the gentleman may be allowed to olR-r his
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, of Mk lii°.an. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. Tie'1 Chair sustains the
point of older, and rules the amendment out ot
ord-r.
Forty-first amendment:
Sec, 10. And J c it Ju- (her cH'ich\U That IV thud sec-
tion ot the act entitled i( An act making appiupi lations lor
the Segifkttive, executive, and judicial expenses ol the
Government, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861,"
approved June 23, I860, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed-
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with the following amend-
ment:
In the first line, after the word " that," insert "so mucfi
of;" and m the next line, alter the word " aet," insert
u as relates to patented articles."
Mr. BRANCH. Here is a proposition to re-
peal an act by stating only title and date. I would
like to have some member of the committee tell
us ^rhat it is proposed to repeal.
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid the very objection
the gentleman has raised, the Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended an amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not see that that throws
much light upon the subject.
- Mr. SHERMAN. The section of the act which
it is proposed to repeal, as construed by the De-
partment, prohibits the Secretary of War and the
heads of tne Departments from purchasing all pat-
ented articles. The purpose of the law, as I un-
derstand it, was to prohibit them from buying
patentrights; butas construed by the Departments,
it prevents them from purchasing patented ar-
ticles.
Mr. BRANCH. I see that it is the same act
which was referred to the other day in a discus-
sion between the gentleman from Ohio and myself.
I am satisfied; and I think the law ought to be re-
pealed.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
Sec. 11. *8ndbe it further enacted, That the Secretary
ot the Navy he directed to asccitam the sum due to Dakin,
Moody, Gilbert, and Secor, H any, as he may find to be due
to them under them contract dated August 4,1852, for their
lease of the. dry-dock, Mare Island, Oalhornia, and their
outlay and improvements in providing accommodations to
work the same, and that he make his report to the next
session of Congress.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. DAILY. I move to amend by adding the
following:
riEC. 12. Jltid be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated $10,G0u loi the building of a penitentiary at
Bellview, Nebraska Terntory.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is nothing left to amend.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order. The amendments
of the Senate are all disposed of, and there is
nothing to which an amendment can be attached.
Mi.SHERMAN. I huvean amendment which
I know will not be in order to offer if objection
be made. The bill providing a government for
the Territory of Colorado has become a law, and
it is necessary to make some provision for paying
the expenses of putting the government in oper-
ation. I desire to make provision for the salaries
of the Governor, judges, secretary, &c. If there
be no objection,! will move the following amend-
ment:
Territory of Colorado.—For salaries of Governor, three
and t-ecretaiy, £1U,u00.
For contingent expenses ot the. Territory, $1 ,f>00.
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative A^seuiby, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses, $20,000. f
The CHAIRMAN. To what amendment will
the gentleman attach his amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, to the thirty-
fifth amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was received by unanimous
consent, and adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 895) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 18G2, with the amendments
of the Senate thereto, and instructed him to report
the same back to the House, with the recommend-
ation that some of the amendments be concurred
in, some non-concurred in, and that one be con-
curred in with an amendment.
