1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes twelve; noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—and on which a separate vote
had been demanded—to strike out the following
proviso in the original bill:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized 10 rent either of the several marine hospitals to
the proper authorities of the cities, towns, orcounties in
which said hospitals are located, and contract with such
authorities for the relief of the sick and disabled seamen
entitled to relief under the act of 3d of May, 1802; and in
case of infectious diseases, to make such regulations for
their relief as he deems expedient."
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire the
House to understand that if this amendment shall
be agreed to, these marine hospitals will remain
as they now arc; and sick and disabled seamen
will be taken care of, as at present, by the Gov-
ernment, and not be farmed out as paupers.
Mr SHERMAN. I object to debate.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and
Messrs. Mallory and Ely were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 rise to make what I believe
is generally called a privileged motion. I move
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Tellers were ordered on the motion ;and Messrs.
H ouston and Spaulding were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-two, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but, before submitting that motion, I move that
the naval appropriation bill be made the special
order.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to oppose the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio. I do not mean to
debate it, but merely to ask a question in regard
to it. Every appropriation bill thus far has been
made a special order,and noopportunity has been
given for general debate in the House. I saw it
announced in the papers, the other day, that it is
the determination of the party of which the gen-
tleman is the leader that there shall be no general
debate in this House. I shall be glad to know,
if he feels himself at liberty to state it, whether
that course is to be pursued in regard to all the
bills, or whether the minority upon this side of
the Houseware to be allowed an opportunity of
presenting their views on the present state ofUhe
country ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I answered that question
the other day. I believe nobody in this House
has ever resolved to cut oiFgeneial debate; but 1
believe I can say that it is the general desire upon
this side of the House to pass the ordinary appro-
priation bills as speedily as possible, and send
them to the Senate, and then to allow debate upon
the report of the committee of thirty-three, or upon
any subject whatever. I hope the Army and
Navy bills will be sent to the Senate before we
commence general debate. That is all I desire.
Mi. GARNETT. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will ask him whether, if the appropriation
bills are passed, he will press no other bills for
action without gener.nl debate? whether, for in-
stance, the force bill, as I believe it is generally
called, will be pressed without allowing oppor-
tunity for general debate?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that it was
agreed that that bill should be debated; at least,
my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] who reported the
bill said that it would be debated, i will say
this, that after the Army and Navy appropria-
tion bills have passed the House, I shall have
nothing further to present to the House, and shall
be disposed, so far as I am concerned, to allow
general debate.
Mr. HARDEMAN, (at three o'clock, p. m.)
As we are going to meet to-morrow, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
STATE OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before the House adjourns,
I ask the privilegeof presenting a memorial from
citizens of Philadelphia signed by men of all
poljtical parties—Democrats, Republicans, and
Union men or national Americans. It is very
numerously signed, and I think it ought to have
the consideration of this body. I do not care
about having it printed, but I will move that it be
lefeircd to the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the reference of
anything; to the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I trust it may have
the consideration of this body. The petition is
very short, and asks the consideration of the Crit-
tenden resolutions. It is from men of all parties
in the city of Philadelphia, [Cries of "Order!"
" Order!"] As such, I present it and ask that the
sacred right of petition may be at least accorded to
my people.
Mr.'LONGNECKER. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
reference of thepetition to the committee of thirty-
three.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I ask that it may
simply be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then itcannot be received.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that it may be
printed.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I call the gentleman
to order.
The SPEAKER. The petition may be pre-
sented under the rules. That is all that can be
done with it-
Mr. HARDEMAN. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
in order.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is clearly out of order.
Mr, FLORENCE. The situation in which the
country finds itself at this time has prompted the
citizens of Philadelphia to ask that their voice
may be heard in the councils of the nation; [loud
shouts of "Order!" "Order!"] and in fulfilling
my duty to them to-day, I present this paper.
[Renewed cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to adjourn; and no debate is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. Before that motion is put,
I desne to know if the memoiial has been ic-
ceived?
The SPEAKER It has not.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickey, its chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
House bill for the relief of Hockaday & Liggit.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. SHERMAN, That motion has just been
voted down.
The SPEAXCER. The motion is in order, if
the gentleman insists on it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do. There is no urgent
necessity for our being in session to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's mo-
tion to make the naval appropriation bill a special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BURNETT. I think it must be obvious
to the gentleman from Ohio that the course which
he proposes, of making all the appropriation bills
special orders, will postpone general debate for
two or three weeks. I hope, therefore, the Hpuse
will refuse to make this a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. (We can pass these two
appropriation bills—the Army and Navy—to-day
and to-morrow; and next wc can have general
debate.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
is very much mistaken, if he supposes we can
get through them in that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is the more import-
ant that we should go on to-day and get through
all the work we can.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.  
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Sher-
man's motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, William
C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Dcate, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Butter-
field, Caroy, Clemens, Cobb, Coburn, Colfax, Covode, Cox,
John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Foster, Fouko, Frank, French,
Gooch, Graham, Grow,Gurley, Hale, Hall, JohnT. Hairis,
liatton, Uclmick, Hickman, Hoard, llolman, Hutching
Irvine, Junkm, Kenyon, Ktlsiore, Larrabee, DeWitt C.
Loach, Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mars-
ton, Chailes D. Martin, McKean, McICcnty, McKnight,
MePbcthou, Moorhead, Edvvaid Joy Morris, Nixon, Olin,
Palmer, Pendleton, Penv, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Pottle,
Edwin It. Reynolds, Ricc, Riggs, James C. Robinson,
Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spauldinp, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vandevcr, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells,
and Woodruff—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Av#>ry, Boeock, Branch, Brown, Bur-
nett, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Crawfoid, De Jarnette,
Edmundson, English, Florence, Garnctt, Gartrell, Hill,
JImdman, William Howard, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel,Lan-
drum, Leake, Elbett S. Martin, Maynard, Montgomery,
Niblack, Nocil, Pryor, (iuarles, Reagan. Rust, SImms,
WilJiam N. II. Smith, Stevenson, Vance,and Wright—36.
So the naval appropriation bill was made the
special order in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the IJouse
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideiaiion, as a
special order, of House bill No. 914, making
appropriations for the naval seivice for the year
ending 30th June, 18G2.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed with,
and the bill will be read by clauses for amend-
ment.
Mr. aUARLES. I object.
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the committee
might as well rise now. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration, as a special order,
House bill No. 914, making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th June, 1862,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 144, for the relief of Jeremiah
Pcndefgast, of the District of Columbia, and put
it upon its passage. It is a very meritorious bill,
being for the benefit of an old soldier, who is
lying sick, and suffering from want, in this city.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill; and the House pro-
ceeded to consider it. The bill directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Jeremiah
Pendergaston the pension roll at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from the,4th September, 1856,
