1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 1,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on all the amendments of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection, the
Chair will put the question on concurring in the
recommendation of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in reference to all the
amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a separate vote
upon the fortieth amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. If a separate Vote is called
for on that amendment, I shall demand a separate
vote on every amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I call for a separate vote
on ffie thirty-fourth amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will allow the report of the committee to be
agreed to without any division.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let it go.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
recommendations of the committee will be adopt-
ed. The Chair hears no objections.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for a separate vote
upon the fortieth amendment.
[Cries of" Too late!"]
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union has
been adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to report a bill from
the Committee of Ways and Means, which will
take but a moment. It is a bill to regulate the
value of the new silver coin of Austria.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr LOVEJOY. I call for a separate vote on
the fortieth amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the Sen-
ate have all been disposed of some minutes ago,
and the gentleman fiom Missouri has since re-
ported a Dill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. X called for a separate vote
the instantthe gentleman from Ohio withdrewthe
call; and I have repeatedly callcd foi the vote. I
demand a separate vote upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER The motion has been made
to reconsider the action ofthe House, and that mo-
tion laid on the table; and the matter is now be-
yond the jurisdiction of the Chair or the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If any such action has been
taken, it has been in spite of our remonstrances,
and because the Chair would not listen to them.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I rise to a question of
order. When the thirty-fourth amendment of the
Senate was passed in the committee, I allowed it
to go without a division, in order not to break up
the committee, with the express understanding
that there should be a separate vote in the House.
I called for a separate vote as soon as the bill was
taken out of committee——
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to state
what are the facts of the case within my own
knowledge; fori paid particular attention to them.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I have the floor. I am
not now speaking of the fortieth amendment, on
which the gentleman from Illinois wanted a sep-
arate vote. I carc nothing about that. I speak
, of the thirty-fourth amendment; and I demand a
division upon it, because I withdrew my objec-
tion to it in committee, on the appeal of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, with
the express understanding that there should be a
vote upon it in the House* I demanded a vote
upon it in the House, as soon as the committee
rose, with all the voice I had; but it sfcems that
voice is of more consequence in this House than
brains, though I do nut profess to have much of
the latter.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There was an express under-
standing also, in committee, that a vote should
be had on the fortieth amendment,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to make
a statement of the facts as they have occurred
within my knowledge*, for it is unfair that any
imputation should rest upon the Chair, who has
executed, in my judgment, simply what was re-
quiied by parliamentary law with entire fairness
and justness. When the question was put by
the Chair, whether there wasobjection to concur-
nngin the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, a sufficient time elapsed
for any gentleman in the House to object, and no
objection was made. The Chair, therefore,fairly
and properly decided that the report as a whole
was adopted; and it was not until after he had so
decided, and the matter had passed from the
House, that my colleague [Mr. Lovejoy] de-
manded a vote upon the fortieth amendment.
My colleague had abundant time to have made
objection before the announcement of the Chair
was made, if he desired to interpose an objec-
tion. The motion to reconsider and lay on the
table was then made and carried. The gentle-
man from Missouri was recognized, and made
application to report another bill; and now I say
it is unjust and unparliamentary to cast any cen-
sure or imputation upon the Chair. I desire sim-
ply that justice shall be done, and I have there-
fore made this statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
There is nothing before the House. If gentlemen
are dissatisfied with the decision of the Chair they
can appeal, and if they wish to pa^s censure upon
him, there is another mode by which alone they
can reach that object.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H.R. No. 576) for the relief of Messrs.
Coale & Barr.
A bill (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of Green-
bury M. Watkins, of Montgomery county, Ma-
ryland.
A bill (H. R. No. 299) for the payment of ex-
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities in the State of California.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the House
adjourn until to-morrow at ten o'clock, for the
purpose of considering private bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will merely say that we
have the Army bill and the PostOffice bill, which
the House will have to act upon some time to-
morrow.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the House will hold an
evening session to consider the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. VA LLANDIGHAM. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. I protest against any adjourn-
ment until some arrangement has been made for
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned until
to-morrow, at eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 1, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move that the further reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING. I present the petition of the Ger-
man Republican Club of the city of Syracuse,
New York, praying that their representatives
stand firm to the Constitution and the Union. The
Union, they say," is in danger; but we apprehend
not only from the violence of her enemies, who
seek to destroy her, but also from the timidity of
her fiiends, who endeavor to save her by means
of well-meant but ill-conceived and ill-timed com-
promises and concessions. Far be it from us to
impeach the sincerity, disinterestedness, and pa-
triotism of those gentlemen, especially those from
the southern States, who urge conciliatory meas-
ures to appease the frenzy of our misled fellow-
citizens; but compromises and concessions we
deem to be an inappi opriate remedy for the mal-
ady of rebellion." I move that it he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING also presented four petitions of cit-
izens of Os>wego county, New York, m favor of
the Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of
the laws; which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Al-
bany, New York, urging that the maintenance of
the Constitution as our fathers framed it, and the
enforcement of the laws, are the only proper
methods for the preservation of the Union in its
integrity and the restoration of peace and har-
mony without a sacrifice of manhood, dignity,
and a proper self-respect; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. KING. I also present a petition of citi-
zens of Schoharie county, New York, who say
that:
" Whereas it isnot only incompatible with honorand pa-
triotism, but cowaully and base, for Republicans to surren-
der under tlie pressme of secession and secession threats;
and whereas they have done no wrong, but have at the last
election succeeded by constitutional means, by addressing
the enlightened reason and conscience of the people in
view of Ions; years of misrule and lapacity of a couupt
party and Administration; and whereas it is incumbent
upon all good citizens to maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and laws, we, the undersigned, citizens ofthe
United States, do lespectfully, but earnestly and firmly,
recommend to our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, and all others in authority, to stand by the Constitu-
tion as it is, am) the Government of the country, and to
make no compromise whatever.
I move that the petition He on the table
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING also presented a petition of citizens
of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of the
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of E. C. Dela-
van,ofNew York, praying for the establishment
of a tribunal for the examination of all imported
intoxicating liquors, with a view to-prevent the
importation of those that are adulterated; which
was ordered to lie on the table _
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
the United States, praying the establishment of a
tribunal for the examination of all imported in-
toxicating liquors, with a view to prevent the im-
portation of those that are adulterated? which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi%
zens of Monmouth county, New Jersey, recom-
mending the Senators and Representatives in
Congress to stand by the Constitution as it is,
and the Government of the country, and to make
no compromise whatever; which was ordered to
he on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens of
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
speedy adoption of the Crittenden resolutions, or
something similar, that will be satisfactory to the
whole country; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WILKINSON. I present the petition of
a number of citizens of Preston, Fillmore county,
Minnesota, who state that they have learned that
several States of this Union have rebelled against
the Government of the United States; have cap-
tured forts, arsenals, cannon, small arms, and
other property of the United States to, the amount
and value of several million dollars; that withm
those States citizens of the free States who have
gone thither for health, pleasure, or business, re-
lying upon the guarantee of our national Consti-
tution, that " the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States," are, by the score and hun-
dred, tarred and feathered, banished, and even
murdered by lawless mobs without judge or jury,
indictment or trial, and their property confiscated
without any process of law: that the authorities
of the States wherein these crimes are perpetrated
take no measures to prevent or punish them, but
rather encourage and approve them; that among
those who have been so maltreated are citizens of
Minnesota; that within said rebellious States the
Constitution and laws of the United States are a
dead letter, and the authority of the General Gov-
ernment defied; that an American vessel bearing
the flag of the United States, and in Government
employ, has been by rebels and traitors fired upon,
and by force prevented from entering a port of
the United States; that the channels leading into
some of the ports of the United States have been
by the authority of the rebellious States aforesaid,
blocked up and obstructed; that conspiracies have
been set on foot to take possession ofthe capital
of the United States by an armed foe in open re-
bellion against the Government; that the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river has been, and is,
impeded and prevented by means of a battery or
batteries planted on its shores by authority of one
of the rebellious States; and that they cannot learn
