342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
aggression and influence; the other, exemption
from domestic tyranny and sedition.
Foreign wars come from either violations of
treaties or domestic violence. The Union has,
thus far, proved itself an almost perfect shield
against such wars. The United States, continu-
allyenlarging their diplomatic acquaintance,have
now treaties with France, the Netherlands, Great
Britain, Sweden, Prussia, Spain, Russia, Den-
mark, Mexico, Brazil, Austria, Turkey, Chili,
Siam, Muscat, Venezuela, Peru, Greece, Sar-
dinia, Ecuador, Hanover, Portugal, New Gran-
ada, Hesse Cassel, Wurtemburg, China, Bava-
ria,Saxony, Nassau, Switzerland, Mecklcnburg-
Schwerin, Guatemala, the Hawaian Islands, San
Salvador, Borneo, Costa Rica, Peru, Bremen,
the Argentine Confederation, Loo Choo, Japan,
Brunswick, Persia, Baden, Belgium, and Para-
guay. Nevertheless, the United States, within
their entire existence under the Federal Constitu-
tion, have had flagrant wars with only fourStates,
two of which were insignificant Powers, on the
coast of Barbary, and have had direct hostilities,
amounting to reprisals, against only two or three
more; and they are now at pcace with the whole
world. If the Union should be divided into only
two Confederacies, each of them would need to
make as many treaties as wc have now; and, of
course, would be liable to give as many causes
of war as we now do. But we know, from the
sad experience of other nations, that disintegra-
tion, once begun, inevitably continues until even
the greatest empire crumbles into many parts.
Each Confederation thatshall ultimately arise out
of the ruin of the Union will have necessity for
as many treaties as we now have, and will incur
liabilities for war as often as we now do, by
breaking them. It is the multiplication of treaties,
and the want of confederation, that makes war
the normal condition of society in Western
Europe and in Spanish America. It is union
that, notwithstandmgoar world-wide intercourse,
makes peace the habit of the American people.
I wili not descend so low as to ask whether new
confederacies would be able or willing to bear
the grievoue expense of maintaining the diplo-
matic relations which cannot be dispensed with
except by withdrawing from foreign commerce.
Our Federal Government is better able to avoid
giving just causcs of war than several confedera-
cies, because it can conform the action of all the
States to compacts. It can have only one con-
struction, and only one tribunal to pronounce that
construction, of every treaty. Local and tempo-
rary interests and passions, or personal cupidity
ana ambition, can drive small confederacies or
States more easily than a ^reat Republic into in-
discreet violations of treaties.
The United States being a great and formidable
Power, con always secure favorable and satisfac-
tory treaties. Indeed, every treaty we have was
voluntarily made. Small confederacies or Slates
must take such treaties as they can get, and give
whatever treaties are exacted. A humiliating, or
even an unsatisfactory treaty, is a chronic cause
of foreign war.
The chapter of wars resulting from unjustifi-
able causes would, in case of division, amplify
itself in proportion to the number of new con-
federacies and their irritability. Our disputes
with Great Britain about Oregon, the boundary
of Maifte, the patriot insurrection in Canada, and
the Island of San Juan; the border strifes be-
tween Texas and Mexico, the incursions of the
late William Walker into Mexico and Central
America; all these were cases in which war was
prevented only by the imperturbability of the
Federal Government.
This Government not only gives fewer causes
of war, whether just or unjust, than smaller con-
federacies would'; but it always has a greater
ability to accommodate them by the exercise of
more coolness and courage, the use of more vari-
ous and more liberal means, and the display, if
need be, of greater force. Every one knows how
placable we ourselves arc in controversies with
Great Britain, France, and Spain; and yet how
exacting we have been m our intercourse with
New Granada, Paraguay, and San Juan de Nic-
ardgua.
Mr. President, no one will dispute our fore-
fathers ' maxim, that the common safety of all is
the safety of each of the States. While they re-
main united, the Federal Government combines
all the materials and all the forces of the several
States', organizes their defenses on one general
principle; harmonizes and assimilates them with
one system; watches for them with a single eye,
which it turns in all directions, and moves all
agents under the control of one executive hea'd.
A nation so constituted is safe against assault or
even insult.
War produces always a speedy exhaustion of
money and a severe strain upon credit. The
treasuries and credits of small confederacies would
often prove inadequate. Those of the Union are
always ample.
I have thus far kept out of view the relations
which must arise between the confederacies them-
selves. They would be small and inconsiderable
nations bordering on each other, and therefore,
according to all political philosophy, natural ene-
mies. In addition to the many treaties which each
must make with foreign Powers, and the causes
of war which they would give by violating them,
each of the confederacies must also maintain
treaties with all the others, and so be liable to give
them frequent offense. They would necessarily
havedifferent interests resulting from theirestab-
lishment of different policies of revenue, of min-
ing, manufactures, and navigation, of immigra-
tion, and perhaps the slave trade. Each would
stipulate with foreign nations for advantages
peculiar to itself and injurious to its rivals.
If, indeed, it were necessary that the Union
should be broken up, it would be in the last de-
gree important that the new confederacies to be
formed should be as nearly as possible equal in
strength and power, that mutual fear and mutual
rcspect might inspire them with caution against
mutual offense, feut such equality could not long
be maintained; one confederacy would rise in
the scale of political importance, and the others
would view it thenceforward with envy and ap-
prehension. Jealousies would bring on frequent
and retaliatory^wars, and all these wars, from
the peculiar cimiwg1810"068 confederacies,
would have the nature and character of civil
war. Dissolution, therefore, is, for the people of
this country, perpetual civil war. To mitigate it,
and obtain occasional rest, what else could they
accept but the system of adjusting the balance of
power which has obtained in Europe, in which
the few strong nations dictate the very terms on
which all the others shall be content to live.
When this hateful system should fail at last, for-
eign nations would intervene, now in favor of one
and then in aid of another; and thus our country,
having expelled all European Powers from the
continent, would relapse into an aggregated form
of itscolonial experience,and, like Italy,Turkey,
India, and China, become the theater of transat-
lantic intervention and rapacity. *
If, however, wc grant to the new confederacies
an exemption from complications among each
other and with foreign States, still there is too
much reason to believe that notone of them could
lonij maintain a republican form of government.
Universal suffrage and the absence of a stand-
ing army are essential to the republican system.
The world has yet to see a single self-sustaining
State of that kind, or even any confederation of
such States, except our own. Canada leans on
Great Britain not unwillingly, and Switzerland is
guarantied by interested monarchical States. Our |
own experiment has thus far been successful; be- j
cause, by the continual addition of new States, the j
influence of each of the members of the Union is !
constantly restrained and reduced. No one, of I
course, can foretell the way and manner of travel; j
but history indicates with unerring certainty the ]
end which the several confederacies would reach" I
Licentiousness would render life intolerable; and
they would sooner or later purchase tranquillity
and domestic safety by the surrender of liberty,
and yield themselves up to the protection of mil-
itary despotism.
Indulge me, sir, in one or two details under this
head. First, it is only sixty days since this dis-
union movement began; already those who are
engagedin it have canvassed with portentous free-
dom the possible recombinationsof the States when
dissevered, and the feasible alliances of those re-
combinations with European nations; alliances as
unnatural, and which would prove ultimately as
pestilential to society here as that of the Tlasca-
lans with the Spaniard, who promised them re-
venge upon their ancient enemies, the Aztecs.
Secondly. The disunion movement arises partly
Qut of a dispute over the common domain of the
United'States. Hitherto the Union has confined
this controversy within the bounds of political
debate by referring it, with all other national ones,
to the arbitrament of the ballot-box. Does any
one suppose that disunion would transfer the
whole domain to either party, or that any other
umpire than war would, after dissolution, be
invoked ?
Thirdly. This movement arises, in another
view, out of the relation of African slaves to the
domestic population of the country. Freedom is
to them, as to all mankind, the chief object of
desire. Hitherto, under the operation of the
Union, they have practically remained ignorant
of the controversy, especially of its bearing on
themselves. Can wc hope that flagrantcivil war
shall rage among ourselves in their very presence,
and yet that they will remain stupid and idle spec-
tators? Does history furnish us any satisfactory
instruction upon the horrors of civil war among
a people so brave, so skilled in arms, so earnest
in conviction, and sointentin purpose, as we are?
Is it a mere chimera which suggests an aggrava-
tion of those horrors beyond endurance when, on
either side, there shall occur the intervention 01
an uprising ferocious African slave population oi
four, or six, peihaps twenty million?
The opinions of mankind change, and with them
the policies of nations. One hundred years ago
all the commercial European States were engaged
in transferring negro slaves from Africa to this
hemisphere. To-day all those States arc firmly
set in hostility to the extension and even to the
practice of slavery. Opposition to it takes two
forms: one European, which issimple, direct ab-
olition, effected, if need be, by compulsion; the
other American, which seeks toarrest the African
slave trade, and resist the entrance of domestic
vslavery into Territories where it is yet unknown,
while it leaves the disposition of existing slavery
to the considerate action of the Sfates by which
it is ictained. It is the Union that restricts the
opposition to slavery in this country within these
limits. Ifdissolution prevail, whatguaranteeshall
there be against the full development here of the
fearful and uncompromising hostility to slavery
which elsewhere pervades the world, and of which
the recent invasion of Virginia was an illustra-
tion ?
Mr. President, I have designedly dwelt solong
ontheprobablecffectsofdisunion upon the safety
of the American people as to leave me little time
to consider the other evils which must follow ii.
its train. But practically, the loss of safety in
vol ves every other form of public calamity. When
once the guardian angel has taken flight, every
thing is lost.
Dissolution would not only arrest, but extin-
guish the greatness of our country. Even if sep-
arate confederacies could exist and endure, they
could severally preserve no share of the common
prestige of the Union. If the constellation is to
be broken up, the stars, whether scattered widely
apart or grouped in smaller clusters, will thence-
forth shed forth feeble, glimmering, and lurid
lights. Nor will great achievements be possible
for the new confederacies. Dissolution would
signalize its triumph by acts of wantonness which
would shock and astound the world. It would
provincialize Mount Vernon and give this Capi-
tol over to desolation at the very moment when
the dome is rising over our heads that was to be
crowned with the statue of Liberty. After this
there would remain for disunion no act of stupen-
dous infamy to be committed. No petty confed-
eracy that shall follow the United States can pro-
long, or even renew, the majestic drama of national
progress. Perhaps it is to be arrested because its
sublimity is incapable of continuance. Let it be
so, if wc have indeed bccome degenerate. After
Washington, and the inflexible Adams, Henry,
and the peerless Hamilton, Jefferson, and the ma-
jestic Clay, Webster, and the acute Calhoun,
Jackson, the modest Taylor, and Scott, who rises
in greatness under the burden of years, and Frank-
lin, and Fulton, and Whitney, and Morse, have
all performed their parts, let the curtain fall!
While listening to these debates, I have some-
timesforgottcn myself in marking their contrasted
effects upon the page who customarily stands on
the dais before me, and the venerable Secretary
who sits behind him. The youth exhibits in-
