1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
tense but pleased emotion in the excitement, while
at every irreverent word that is uttered against
tlie Onion the eyes of the aged man are suffused
with tears. Let him weep 110 more. Rather
rejoice, for yours has been a lot of rare felicity.
You have seen and been a part of all the great-
ness of your country, the towering national great-
ness of all the world. "Weep only you,and weep
with alt the bitterness of anguish, who are just
stepping on the threshold of life; for that great-
ness perishes prematurely and exists not for you,
nor for me, nor for any that shall come after us.
The public prosperity! how could it survive
the storm > Its elements are industry in the cul-
ture of every fiuit; mining of all the metals; com-
merce at home and 01) every sea; material im-
provement that knows 110 obstacle and has 110
end; invention that ranges throughout the domain
of nature; increase of knowledge as broad as the
human mind can explore; perfection of art as
high as human genius can reach; and social re-
finement working for the renovation of the world.
How could our successors prosecute these noble
objects in the midst of brutalizing civil conflict?
What guarantees will capital invested for such
purposes have, that will outweigh the premium
offered by political and military ambition? What
leisure will the citizen find for study, or invention,
01 art, under the reign of conscription; nay, what
interest in thein will society feel when fear and
hate shall have taken possession of the national
mind? Let the miner in California take heed; for
its golden wealth will become the prize of tho na-
tion that can command the most iron. Let the
borderer take care; for the Indian will again lurk
around his dwelling. Let the pioneer come back
into our denser settlements; for the railroad, the
post road, and the telegraph, advance not one fur-
long further into the wilderness. With standing
armies consuming the substance of our people 011
the land, and our Navy and our postal steamers
withdrawn from the ocean, who will protect or
respect, or who will even know by name our petty
confederacies? The Ameiican man-of-war is a
noble spectacle. I have seen it enter an ancient
port in the Mediterranean. All the world won-
dered at it, and talked of it. Salvos of artillery,
from forts and shipping in the harbor, saluted its
flag. Princes and princesses and merchants paid
it. homage, and all the people blessed it as a har-
binger of hope for their own ultimate freedom. I
imagine now the same noble vessel again enter-
ing the same haven. The flag of thirty-three stars
and thirteen stripes has been hauled down, and
in its place a signal is run up, winch flaunts the
device of a lone star or a palmetto tree. Men ask,
"Who is the stranger that thus steals into our
waters?" The answer contcmptously given is,
" She comes from one of the obscure republics of
North America. Let her pass on."
Lastly, public liberty, our own peculiar liberty,
must languish for a time, and then cease to live.
And such a liberty! free movement everywhere
through our own land and throughout the world;
free speech, free press, free suffrage; the freedom
of every subject to vote on every law, and for or
against every agent who expounds, administers,
or executes. Unstable and jealous confederacies,
constantly apprehending assaults without and
treason within, formidable only to each other and
contemptible to all beside: how long will it be be-
fore, on the plea of public safety, they will sur-
render all this inestimable and unequaled liberty,
and accept the hateful and intolerable espionage
of military despotism?
And now, Mr. President, what is the cause for
this sudden and eternal sacrifice of so much safety,
greatness, happiness, and freedom ? Have foreign
nations combined, and are they coming in rage
upon us? No. So far from being enemies, there
is not a nation 011 earth that is not an interested,
admiring friend. Even the London Times, by no
means partial to us, says:
u It is quite possible that the problem of a democratic
republic may by solved by its overthrow in a few days in a
spirit of folly, selfishness, and shott-sightednebs."
Has the Federal Government become tyrannical
or oppressive, or even rigorous 01- unsound ? Has
the Constitution lost its spirit, and all at once
collapsed into a lifeless letter? No; the Federal
Government smiles more benignantly,and works
to day more beneficently than ever. The Consti-
tution is even the chosen model for the organiza-
tion of the newly rising confederacies.
The occasion is the election of a President of
the United States, who is unacceptable to a por-
tion of the people. 1 state the case accurately.
There was no movement of disunion before the
ballots which expressed that choice were cast.
Disunion began as soon as the result was an-
nounced. The justification it assigned was that
Abraham Lincoln had been elected, while thesus-
cess of either one of three other candidates would
have been acquiesced in. Was the election ille-
gal? No; it is unimpeachable. Is the candidate
personally offensive ? No; heis aman of unblem-
ished virtue and amiable manners. Is an election
of Presiden t an unfrequen 10 r extraord inary trans-
action? No; we never had a Chief Magistrate
otherwise designated than by such election, and
that form of choice is renewed every four years.
Does any one even propose to change the mode
of appointing the Chief Magistrate? No; election
by universal suffrage,as modified by the Consti-
tution, is the one crowning franchise of the Ameri-
can people. To save it they would defy the world.
Is it apprehended thattho new President will usurp
despotic powers.' No; while he is of all men the
most unambitious, ho is, by the partial success of
those who opposed his election, subjected to such
restraints that he cannot, without their consent,
appoint a minister or even a police agent, nego-
tiate a treaty, or procure the passage of a law, and
can hardly draw a musket from the public arse-
nals to defend his own person.
What, then, is the groundof discontent? Itis
that the disumonists did not accept as conclusive
the arguments which were urged in behalf of the
successful candidate in the canvass. This is all.
Were their own arguments against him more sat-
isfactory to his supporters ? Of course they were
not; they could not be. Does the Constitution,
in letter or spirit, require or imply that the argu-
ments of one party shall be satisfactory to the
other? No; that is impossible. What is the con-
stitutional remedy for this inevitable dissatisfac-
tion >. Renewed debate and ultimate rehearing in
a subsequent election., Have the now successful
majority perverted power to purposes of oppres-
sion? No; they have never before held power.
AUs ! how prone we are to undervalue privileges
and blessings. How gladly, how proudly, would
the people of any nation in Europe accept, on
such terms as we enjoy it, the boon of electing a
Chief Magistrate every four years by free, equal,
and universal suffrage! How thankfully would
they cast aside all their own systems of govern-
ment, and accept this Republic of ours, with all
its shortcomings and its disappointments, maintain
it with their arms, and chcnsh it in their hearts.
Is it not the very boon for which they supplicate
God without ceasing, and even wage war, with
intermissions only resulting from exhaustion?
How strange are the times in which we live! The
coming spring season, on one side of the Atlantic,
will open on a general conflict, waged to obtain,
through whatever indirection, just such a system
as ours; and on this side of the Atlantic, within
the same parallels of latitude, it will open on
fraternal war, waged m a moment of frenzied
discontent to overthrow and annihilate the same
institutions. Do men, indeed, live only for them-
selves, to revenge their own wrongs, or to gratify
their own ambition? Rather do not men live
least of all for themselves, and chiefly for pos-
terity and for their fellow-men5 Have the Amer-
ican people, then, become all of a sudden unnat-
ural,as we I las un patriotic? and will they disinherit
their children of the precious estate held only in
trust for them, and deprive the world of the best
hopes it has enjoyed since the human race began
its slow and painful, yet needful and wisely-
appointed progress? *
Here I might close my plea for the American
Union; but it is neccssary, if not to exhaust the
argument, at least to exhibit the whole case. The
disunionists, consciously unable to stand on their
mere disappointment in the recent election, have
attempted to enlarge their ground. More than
thirty years there "has existed a considerable—
though not heretofore a formidable—mass of citi-
zens in certain States situate near or around the
deita of the Mississippi, who believe that the
Union is less conducive to the welfare and great-
ness of those States than a smaller confederacy,
embracing only slave States, woulft he. This
class has availed itself of the discontents result-
ing from the election to put into operation the
machinery of dissolution long a<ro prepared and
waiting only for occasion. In other States there
is a soreness because of the want of sympathy
in the free States with the efforts of slaveholders
for the recapture of fugitives from service. In all
the slave States there is a restivenes3- resulting
from the resistance which has been so determ-
inedly made within the last few years, in the free
States, to the extension of slavery in the common
Territories of the United States. The Republican
party , which cast its votes for the successful pres-
idential candidate on the ground of that policy,
has been allowed, practically, no representation,
110 utterance by speech or through the press, in
the slave States; while its policy, principles, and
sentiments, and even its temper, have been so
misrepresented as to excite apprehensions that it
denies important constitutional obligations, and
aims even at interference with slavery and its over-
throw'by State authorities or intervention of the
Federal Government. Considerable masses even
in the free States, interested in the success of these
misrepresentations as a means of partisan strat-
egy, have lent their sympathy to the party claim-
ing to be aggrieved. While the result of the
election brings the Republican party necessarily
intotheforegroundin resisting disunion, the preju-
dices against them which I have described have
deprived them of the cooperation of many good
and patriotic citizens. On a complex issue be-
tween the Republican party and the disunionists,
although it involves the direst national calamities,
the result might be doubtful: for the Republican
party is weak in a large part of the Union. But
on a direct issue, with all who cherish theUnion
011 one aide, and all who desire its dissolution by
force on the other, the verdict would be prompt
and almost unanimous. I desire thus to simplify
the issue, and for that purpose to separate from
it all collateral questions, and relieve itofall par-
tisan passions and prejudices.
I conside.r the idea of the withdrawal of the
Gulf States, and their permanent reorganization
with or without others in a distinct Confederacy
as a means of advantage to themselves, so cer-
tainly unwise and so obviously imposjible of ex-
ecution, when the purpose is understood, that I
dismiss it with the discussion I have already
incidentally bestowed upon it.
The case is different, however, in regard to the
other subjects which I have brought in this con-
nection before the Senate.
Beyond a doubt, Union is vitally important to.
the Republican citizens of the United States; but
it is just as important to the whole people. Re-
publicanism and Union are, therefore, not con-
vertible terms. Republicanism is subordinate to
Union, as everything else is and ought to be—
Republicanism, Democracy, every other politi-
cal name and thing; all are subordinate—and
they ought to disappear in the presence of the
great question of Union. So far as I am con-
cerned, it shall be so; it should be so if the
question were sure to be tried as it ought only
to be determined, by the peaceful ordeal of the
ballot. It shall be so all the more since there
is on one side preparedness to refer it to the arbi-
trament of civil war. I have such faith in this
republican system of ours, that there is no polit-
ical good which I desire that I am not content to
seek through its peaceful forms of administration
without invoking revolutionary action. If others
shall invoke that form of action to oppose and
overthrow Government, they shall not, so far as
it depends on me, have the excuse that I obsti-
nately left myself to be misunderstood. In such
a case I can afford to meet prejudice with concil-
iation, exaction with concession which surren-
ders no principle, and violence with the righthand
of peace. Therefore,..si!', so far as the abstract
question whether, by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the bondsman, who is made such by
the laws of a State, is still a man or only prop-
erty, I answer that, within that State, its laws on
that subject are supreme; that when he has es-
caped from that State into another,the Constitu-
tion regards him as a bondsman who may not, by
any law or regulation of that State, be discharges
from his service, but shall be delivered up,on claim,
to the party to whom his service is due. While
prudence and justice would combine in persuad-
ing you to modify the acts of Congress on that
subject, so as not to oblige private persons to as-
sist iu their execution, and to protect freemen fconi-
