1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
rcctions involve a correspondence with the parties inter-
ested.
No declaratory statements have been filed during that
time, and the patents sent for delivery have not been en-
tered into the proper books.
My predecessors have left the work so much in arrears,
that it will be impossible for me to bring it up alone, as the
daily duties of my office are more than sufficient to occupy
my time and attention.
The gt eater pdrt ot the claims in this Territoiy are do-
nated claims, taken many yoais since, befote survey, and
m iircgular tiacts, conflicting among themselves and with
preemption claimants.
The copying, pieservation,and care of the papers, (which
are in many eases voluminous?,) is, of itself, sufficient to
occupy one peison vvlieie the papers are in such confusion
as they now are.
To settlers living in remote parts of the Territory, the ex-
penses of traveling to this point are very heavy, being in
many cases more than the cost of their claims, and in such
cases it is impossible to obtain the presence of witnesses.
Is it therefore absolutely ncccssary, in accordance with
the instructions to the surveyor general of Oregon of March
JO, 1851, and January 24, 1854. to visit such remote points,
and afford the settlers an opportunity to;idju>t then claims?
In such cases the offices must be closed, unless a clerk is
allowed.
The act establishing the office of register and receiver
states that they are to receive no tue or emolument what-
ever beyond a stated salary, but the payment of a clerk can
be hardly called an emolument to the register, any more
than the allowance of stationery arid postage for public
business.
In view of the above statements, I would respectfully
submit thatadditional clerical services are indispensable to
the transaction of public business committed to iny chaige.
1 recommend, as compensation, the salary paid for a
draughtsman in the surveyor general's office, $1,800 per
annum.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
ISAAC W. SMITH,
Register of the landojfice, Olympia, Washington Territory-
Commissioner of the Land Office,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. KING. This is a claim for $3,000 for ser-
vices in a Territory, that seem to me to have been
uncalled for and improper. If it was to pay for
future services, or if wc had distinct and definite
information that the services had been performed,
it would be different; but it is entirely indefinite.
I move to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope not. Itis not often that
I ask the Senate to pass a hill.
Mr. KING. If the Senator from North Caro-
lina will state fgicts, how much is due to anybody
in this matter, I have entire confidence in that
Senator's statement.
Mr. BRAGG. It is impossible for me to state
the fact, because it does not appear from anything
in the papers how much is due for past services;
but I undertake to say this, that so far os appears
from the report, which is an ample one, from the
land office at Olympia, some additional service in
the way of clerks is necessary in order to bring up
the arrearages of the office. They are years be-
hind and the public interest is suffering there, as
well as the interest of individuals who have land
claims or have titles in an imperfect slate in that
Territory. That amply appears. It does not
appear that there is anything due for past services.
I presume that some little extra clerk hire is due
there under the act of 1356, which has been re-
pealed at this session, and this bill merely pro-
vides for that in case there is any, as I under-
stand.
Mr. KING. If there is not any, I object to it.
It looks like one of those bills brought in here,
indefinite and informal, which, by construction,
give a great deal more than could be got other-
wise. If the Senator is not aware of anything
that is due in the past, and will let that portion be
stricken out, 1 shall have no objection to make.
Mr. BRAGG. The bill provides that—
" The Secretary of the Interim be authomed to make
such allowances foi clerical set vice-? in bringing up the ar-
rearages of business at the land office at Olympia, Wash-
ington Tcrutoiy, including payment of clerical !-orvices
ahoady neeessariiv meuiied, as, on the production of the
proper evidence, he may deem equitable and jus-t; the
amount not to exceed the &urn of $3,000."
I will merely say that the act of 1^56 allowed
the employment of extra clerks at district land
offices; and yet the Senator says he is entirely
opposed to allowing anything of the kind in any
bill we pass here.
Mr. KING. I say if there is nothing due, or
if there is no evidence that anything is due, ] do
not want, to make the appropriation. If the Sen-
ator says there is something due under the law,
let us know what it is, and I shall be willing to
pay it.
Mr. BRAGG. I suppose there is something
due. The friends of the bill say so. I do not
know it personally, and therefore I cannot answer
the Senator. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his motion, and let us take the vote directly on
the bill. 1 hope he will not require tas to take two
votes where one will answer. I do not wish to
consume time by speaking. I hope the Senate
will pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) Does the Senator from New York
withdraw his motion to postpone?
Mr. KING. I do not withdraw it.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope the Senate will vote it
down.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROBATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some, and disagreed to other,
amendments of the Senate to the bill ofthe House
(No. 895) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1882; and had agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill with amend-
ments; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
Also, that the House insisted upon its disa-
greement to ccrtain amendments of the Senate to
the bill last mentioned, and upon its amendments
to the other amendments of the Senate to the said
bill, and asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon; and appointed
Mr. H. Winter Davis of Maryland, Mr. John
S. Millson of Virginia, and Mr. James Hum-
phrey of New York, managers at the same on
the part of the House.
On motion uf Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That llie Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives to certain amendments ofthe
Senate to the bill (H. It. No. 89o) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses ofthe Government for the year
endm/zJune 30. 1862, insist upon its amendments to the
said bill disagreed to by the House ot Representatives, and
agree to the conforenc e asked by the IIou*e on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, the Vice
President was authorized to appoint the commit-
tee on the part of the Scnate;and Messrs. Pearce,
Fessenden, and Rice were appointed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice
Piesident:
A bill (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of Green-
bury M. Watkins, of Montgomery county, Mary-
land; and
A bill (H. R. No. 576) for the relief of Coale
& Barr.
ELIZA. M. PLYMPTON.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up House bill
(No. 923) granting a pension to Eliza M. Plymp-
ton.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration ofthe bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The question is on my amend-
ment to the amendment proposed by the commit-
tee, to strike out " $4* 50," arid Insert "$30;"
upon which the yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
believes that was the state of the case.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator has correctly
stated the condition of the question. I hope the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, and also
the amendment of the committee, will be rejected,
and the bill passed as it came from the House ot
Representatives. This is a very aged and infirm
lady, whose husband served forty years in the
Army. If this amendment is made, 1 fear the bill
will be lost. I understand she is very destitute
and poor, and cannot possibly live many years
We have many such eases on our statute-book.
I will not discuss it.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish the Senate to under-
stand that I am not opposing the granting of a pen-
sion to Mrs. Plympton; but I am opposing the
establishment of the principle that the rate to be
paid to the widow of a colonel of the Army shall
be raised from thirty to fifty dollars a month, as
is proposed by this bill. The law, as it now stands,
is this: the widow of a colonel who is killed in
battle, or who dies frqm a disease contracted in
the line of his service, can go to the Pension Office,
and, by making the necessary proof, receive a
pension of thirty dollars a month"; but there are
some cases that do not come particularly within
the law of Congress, and these widows came hero
and ask for a pension instead of going to the Pen-
sion Office. In this case, Mrs. Plympton is the
widow of an aged colonel, who died really not
from any disease contracted in the line of his ser-
vice, but from old age. She is in destitute circum-
stances, and I am content to give her thirty dol-
lars a month as a gratuity; but I warn Senators
of the fact, of which I am cognizant, that imme-
diately in the rearof this case are other cases that
are to be pressed upon the attention of the Senate
at its present session before its adjournment, by
which it is proposed to increase the pensions ot
widows of other colonels, now drawing thirty dol-
lars a month, to fifty dollars a month, on'the
strength of the precedent we are expected to es-
tablish in this case.
Mr. POWELL. I would say to the Senator
that, so far as the precedent is concerned, we have
now as many as six such cases on our statute-
books, hone of which are more meritorious than
this. If this amendment be adopted, I fear the
old lady will not get the pension at all. I hope
the amendment will be rejected. I will not take
up the time of the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I understood the Senator from
Iowa to say that the yeas and nays had been or-
dered. I do not think there is any necessity for
taking the question by yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the call for the yeas and nays may be
withdrawn. The Chair hears none.
The question being put on the amendment of
Mr. Grimes, the ayes appeared to prevail; but a
division was called for by Mr. Powell.
Mr. PEARCE. If this proposition is pressed,
I feel bound to say a few words. The Senator
from Iowa is right, undoubtedly. I understand
that the lady whom it is proposed now to pen-
sion, is the widow of an aged officer who died—
not in battle, not of wounds received in battle—
but in the ordinary course of nature, and after
having for long years enjoyed the honors and the
emoluments of a high position in the Army. If
he had been killed in battle fronting the enemies
of his country, his widow would have received a
pension of thirty dollars a month under the law;
but he was not killed in battle; he lived and died as
I have stated. What reason does that afford for
this gratuity, for gratuity it is, to whatever amount
the pension may be granted? What reason is
there why you should give a gratuity of larger
amount than the pension which yoli pay to the
widow of the man who has shed his blood and
lost his life in the service of his country ? I have
seen these things attempted before. Years ago,
these attempts were made, remonstrated against,
and put down in this body,and they ought to be
put down again. There is no reason for them,
and these special acts lead, in a remarkable degree,
to favoritism. Ladies who can command influ-
ence here, who happen to be fortunate enough to
possess the acquaintance of influential Senators,
may obtain the passage of bills of this sort giving
them pensions far beyond the legal allowance to
those who in one respect maybe said to be more
meritorious; while others, at least equally meri-
torious, and who have rendered greater service,
can only receive the allowance which is permitted
by law. I hope the Senate now tfill determine
that they will not, by these special acts, exceed
in the amount of the pension when it is a mere
gratuity, that which is the legal allowance of the
widow of an officer when her husband is killed in
battle.
Mr. POWELL. I do not intend to continue
this discussion. I will say to the Senator from
Maryland that if the Senate have put down such
legislation as this, I do not know when. I know
they passed three such cases here at the last ses- .
sion.
The amendment of Mr. Grimes was agreed to—
ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
