1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
The other objection is, that whoever takes a
grant of land becomes thereby, to that extent, in
the relation of tenant to the holder of land, owing
fealty, temporarily or permanently, to the coun-
try which appropriates the land to his service. It
tends, therefore, to divide his allegiance; to divide
the allegiance which he owes his own country and
its service, and to demoralize him and make him
to that extent a servant or a citizen or a subject
of a foreign country. I know that, in this partic-
ular case, the objection is of no account or value.
It is only because it is a precedent that I stand
upon this point; and I have now expressed all the
reasons I have. If they shall not be found satis-
factory to the Senate, I shall be content to be
overruled.
Mr. MASON. I think this will form a very
important precedent hereafter, and I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I take this to be merely
complimentary. The making of a grant of six
hundred acres of land in Nicaragua is only say-
ing, " You saved this whole country; accept, as
an evidence of our gratitude to you, six hundred
acres here." I do not feel, myself, the scruples
that have been expressed. 1 consider it all merely
honorary
The question being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 25, nays 16; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clark, Col-
latner, Pf^enden, Fitch, Grimes, llailan, Hunter, Johnson
of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Mason, Morrill,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pugh, ltice, Seba&uan, Seward,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—25.
NAYS— Messis. Chandler, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Douglas. Foot, Foster, Halo, Km?, Latham, Pearce, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Wade—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended; and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint res-
olution to be read a third time. It was read the
third time.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint resolution, and they were
ordered; and being taken,resulted—yeas34,nays
7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham,
Bright, Chandler, Clark. Oollamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo-
httie, Douglas, Durkee, Fe sonden, Fitch, Foster, Gtinics,
Hale, Harlan, Johnson of'Felines*'10, Kennedy, King, La-
tham, Morrill, Peaice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Hunter, Johnson of Aikansas, Lane,
Mason, Nicholson, Powell, and Pugh—7.
So the joint resolution was passed.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, its title was
amended, so as to read:
A joint resolution authou/.ing Captain II. Paulding to
receive a sword tendered him by the Republic of Nicar-
agua.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thehour hav-
ing arrived, it is the duty of the Chair to announce
the special order: which is the joint resolution (S.
No. 70) proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In connection with the
joint resolution which has just been passed, I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to another
which has been reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs. Commodore Paulding was sued
by some of those individuals who weie arrested
in the district court of the United States in the
southern district of New York, and the suits have
come to an end b}r the death of the parties. He
has been subjected to some expenses; and this is
a joint resolution authorizing the Department to
pay him the amount of his expenses, not exceed-
ing $1,200. I ask unanimous consent to pass it.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will pass; it is right;
it should be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom "Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to con-
sider the joint resolution referred to by linn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope it will not be
understood as superseding this,
Mr. DOOLITTLE- It will lead to no discus-
sion.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if that $1,200 is not intended,
part of it, to pay costs and expenses incurred by
the party who brought the suit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; the expenses of I
Commodore Paulding himself. It is not to ex-
ceed §1,200.
Mr. POLK. His own expenses ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, his own expenses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 68) for the relief of
Captain Hiram Paulding, of the United States
Navy. It proposes to direct the Secretary ofthe
Navy to allow to Captain Paulding the expenses
incurred in defending himself, in a suit brought
against him by Charles J. McDonald, one ofthe
followers of William Walker, at San Juan del
Norte, with a Droviso that the amount shall not
exceed $1,200."
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some, and disagreed toother,
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
899) making appropriations for the support ofthe
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862,
and had agreed to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill with amendments.
AUGUSTUS II. EVANS.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 210) for
the relief of Augustus H. Evans.
ENROLLED RILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 11) to provide for the payment
of the expenses incurred by the Territories of
Oregon and Washington, in the suppression of
Indian hostilities therein, m the years 1855 and
1856;
A bill (H. R, No. 981) to confirm a certain pri-
vate land claim in the Tenitory of New Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 655) granting a pension to
Prentis Champlain; and
A bill (S. No. 210) for the relief of Augustus
H. Evans.
REPORT OF THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitcii.)
It is the duty of the Chair to announce the spe-
cial order of the day, being the joint resolution
(S. No. 70) proposing certain amendments to the .
Constitution oftlu: United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the resolutions
from the House of Representatives, in regard to
amendments of the Constitution, be laid before
the Senate, in order that they may he considered
at the same time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a joint resolution from the
House of Representatives.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) to amend
the Constitution of the United States, was read
the first time by its title.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that that be made the
special order at the same time, in connection with
the joint resolution reported by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. MASON. I have looked at that jointres-
olution, and it certainly ought to be committed to
a committee to correct its English. It is unintel-
ligible.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My object is merely to have
it considered at the samp time with the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will have its second reading.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) was read
a second time by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now the
subject of any motion that may be made in regard
to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that it be made the
special order in connection with the joint resolu-
tion reported by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CLARK. How does that happen to be in
order here when there is a special order called up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to consider it, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CLARK, Mr. BINGHAM, and Mr. SUM-
NER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the other resolu-
tions, which have come from the House of Rep-
resentatives, be read. There are two of them, I
believe.
The House joint resolutions (No. 64) declara-
tory of the opinion of Congress in regard to cer-
tain questions now agitating the countryf and of
measures calculated to reconcile existing differ-
ences, were read the first time by the title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
reading 
Mr. CHANDLER and others. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is objection
made?
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be read the second time.
Mr. SIMMONS. It passed the other House
unanimously. There can be no objection, I think.
Mr. CLARK. We have another subject up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER*. The special
order is before the Senate. The question is on
the second reading.
The joint resolution (S. No. 70) proposing cer-
tain amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PUGH. Let the resolution be read, not
the proposition itself, but the formal part, the in-
troduction.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that open to amendment
now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and open to amendment.
The reading of the formal part of the joint reso-
lution is callcd for.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas commissioner?, appointed on the invitation of
the State of Viignua, by the following States, respectively:
Maine, New Hampshire, Vcimont, Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New Yoik, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa,
Wisconsin, and Kansas, have met in convention at the city
of Washington, foi the purpose of consideringthedistiacted
and perilous condition of the country, and pioposing meas-
ures for the preservation of the peace, the safety of the peo-
ple, and the security of the Union, and having performed
that duty, and communicated to Congress the result of their
deliberations, with a request and recommendation on the
part and in the name of said States, that the following be
pioposed to the several States as amendments to the Con-
stitution ofthe United States, according to the fifth article
of said instrument, namely. [Then follow the propositions
Agreed to by the peace commissioners.]
Resolved, there fore, by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative« oj the United States of America in Congress astern-
bled, (uvothirdsof both Houses concurring,) Thatthefoie-
going be, and the same are hereby, proposed to the several
States as amendments to the Constitution of the United
State-,; which, when ratified by conventions m three
fouiths of the several State*, shall be valid to all intents and
purposes as pan of the said Constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute:
Strike out all after the word " whereas," in the pream-
ble, to the end of the resolution, and insert:
The Legislatures of the States of Kentucky, New Jer-
sey, and Illinois, have applied to Congress to call a conven-
tion loi piopOMng amendments to the Constitution of the
United States* Thereto!o,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe Untied States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Legislatures oftuc other States be invited to take the
subject of such a convention into consideration, and to
expiess their will on that subject to Congress, m pursu-
ance of the fifth aiticle of the Constitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstands that a proviso was offered to the matter
that the Senator horn New York proposes to
strike out. The vote will first be taken on the
proviso offered by the Senator from "Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle,] to insert at the end of section
one of article thirteen:
Provided, however, And this section shall take effeetupon
the express condition that no State, nor any part thereof,
heretofore admitred. or hereafter to be admitted into the
Union, shall have power to withdraw from the jurisdiction
of the United States; and that this Constitution and all
laws passednt pursuance thereof shall be the supreme law
ofthe land,anything contained m any constitution, act, or
ordinance of any State Legislature or convention to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin is not pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin proposes that as a proviso to the
matter which the Senator from New York moves
