1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to, strike out; and the question must first be taken
on that.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not know that that was
before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. He only gave notice of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the Senator from
Wisconsin only gave notice that he would
offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
may haVfe misunderstood the Senator's motion at
the time. He called for the printing of it; but if
that is the understanding of the Senate 
Mr. SEWARD. What does the record say ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the record presents it as "in-
tended to be offered."
Mr. SEWARD. Then the question is on the
substitute. I ask that the question be taken.
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendmentto sub-
mit. I propose to amend the first section of the
proposition before us, by inserting in lieu of it
the first article of what are called the Crittenden
resolutions. I move to strike out the first article
of the peace propositions, in these terms:
" Sec. 1. In all thp present territory of the United States,
north of the parallel of 36c 30' of north latitude, mvoluntaiy
servitude, except in punishment of crime, is prohibited.
In all the present territory south of that line, the status ot
persons held to involuntary seivice or labor, as it now ex-
ists, shall not be changed; nor shall any law be passed by
Congress or the Territorial Legislature to hinder or prcvnnt
the taking of such persons from any of the States of this
Union to said Territory, nor to impair the rights arising
from said relation but the same shall be subject to judicial
cognizance m the Federal couits, accoidnig to the course
of the common law. When any Territory north or south
of said line, within such boundary as Conciess may pie-
scribe, shall contain a population equal to that required for
a member of Congress, it shall, if its form of government
be republican, be admitted into the Union on an equal toot-
ing with the original States, with or without involuntary
seivitude, as the constitution of such State may provide."
And to insert:
That in all the Territory of the United States now held,
or hereafter acquired, situate north of latitude 36° 30', sla-
very or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime, is prohibited while such Toiritory shall remain
under territorial government. In all the territory south of
said line of latitude, slavery of the African race is hereby
recognized as existing, and shall not be inteifeicd with by
Congress; but shall be protected as property by all the de-
partments of the terutonal government during its. contin-
uance; and when any temtory, north or south of said line,
within such boundaiies as Congress may proscribe, shall
contain the population lequisite tor a member of Congress,
according to the then Federal ratio of representation of the
people of the United States, it shall, ifithfuim of govern-
ment be republican, be admitted info the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, with or without slavery,
as the constitution of such new State may piovide.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise to a question of
order. It will be observed that this paper is be-<
fore us under a recital that, whereas these propo-
sitions of amendment have been presented by the
commissioners, as they arc called, from the sev-
eral States—naming; them—who have asked Con-
gress to submit thom, therefore we propose to
submit them to the States. The whole proceed-
ing is based and predicated on this recital. I say
that it cannot be amended. If were amended, it
would cease to be the application of that body
which the recital states. 1 therefore object to
any amendments, except a substitute; perhaps a
substitute may be offered striking out the recital
and all; but an amendment to it is out of order,in
my view.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to the question of
order, I understand that tin? recital is the reeifal
of the committee, and that the question before us
is on these propositions for amending the Consti-
tution of the United States, which are to be treated
as a bill. If so, each section is subject to amend-
ment as a bill would be subject to amendment. It
was my purpose to offer the entire scries of what
are called the Crittenden resolutions, aw an amend-
ment to these, and I still intend to offer them, sec-
tion by section; but I was prevented from offer-
ing them m that form, because the Senator from
New York got the floor first, and offered his prop-
osition as a substitute. I therefore could notraise
the question which I desired to raise, except by
offering the amendments, section by section, in
order to perfect the original proposition. I sub-
mit that it is in order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I submit, still, my ques-
tion of order, suggesting to gentlemen that if we
make any"amendment, we must stiike out the
recital.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not see that any ordinary
question of order can be raised m this case; but
I do think there is a consideration much more
grave, and that is the question whether we will
treat the series of resolutions presented here by
this peace congress as a proposition which we
ought either to accept or reject. I was one of those
in the select committee who took that position. It
was manifestly intended that we should accept the
entire programme, or reject it. Therefore I was
unwilling; and we decided to consider no question
of amendment 
Mr. HUNTER. That is not a question of
order, but of propriety. It would be an argument
against any amendment.
Mr. BlU-LER. I have said it was no ordinary
question of rules; but that there was a far graver
question of propriety. I agree with the Senator
in that view; and I rose for the purpose of allud-
ing to the view taken of this subject by the select
committee. The Senator from New York desired
the leave of the committee to report his proposi-
tion as a substitute; but the majority of the com-
mittee held that the resolutions had not been com-
mitted to us for the purpose of considering them
and changing them, or substituting something
else, but simply to attach to them the formal res-
olution to present them as amendments to the
Constitution for the ratification of the States. For
that reason we proposed no amendment; and the
Senator from New York yesterday offered his sub-
stitute on his own responsibility, because, as I un-
derstood him, ofthe view taken by the committee.
Now, sir, I still entertain the view that, while the
Senate have a clear right unquestionably to change
these resolutions, an<i to change the resolution of
submission to make it conform to anything we
may do, we ought to consider these resolutions
sent here by this peace conference as a whole,
and accept them or reject them; but there can be
no question of ordinary rule raised as to the right
to offer an amendment; there is a greater, a graver
question of propriety as to how they shall be
treated.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not merely a question
of form or order, but the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Virginia would change the whole char-
acter of the transaction. This joint resolution is
one single, complete proposition. It is one act.
It begins with a declaration by Congress, that
" whereas commissioners, appointed on the invi-
tation of the State of Virginia," have performed
a certain duty confided to them, " and communi-
cated to Congress the result of their deliberations,
with a request and recommendation on the part
and in the name of said States"—of Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, and the rest of the States represented in
the convention—"the following"—nothing dif-
ferent, nothing originating in Congress, nothing
originating anywhere else, but,—" the following
be proposed to the several States as amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, accord-
ing to the fifth article of said instrument." Now,
if we should adopt this whole transaction, we
should simply do this: we should submit these
amendments to the people of the United States for
their acceptance, for the reason that the peace
convention, as it is called, has considered upon the
subject, and thought it grave enough to solicit
us to invest it with the legislative or congres-
sional sanction, and so submit it to the Legisla-
tures and conventions of the States; but when-
ever you have made a single alteration m it, such
as is proposed now by the Senator from Virginia,
it is not, then, the proposition of the States " of
Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachu-
setts," or any other States; but it is a recom-
mendation of the Congress of the United States.
The whole character is changed. The conven-
tion is swept out of existence in the history of
Congress. The resolutions then adopted become
the deliberate conviction of the majority of the
Congress of the United States, who substitute
their own judgment, and their own wisdom, and
their own will, for the wishes, the opinions, re-
spectfully submitted to them by the representa-
tives of those States, and take the responsibility
of saying that this is what the peace convention
should have submitted, instead of the proposition
which they have sent here.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to make a suggestion
in regard to the real position of this question, as
as it now appears before us. The arguments that
have been urged by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia and the Senator from New York might veiy
well be brought up against the propriety of adopt-
ing the amendment; but, so far as the question
itself stands, it is only brought before us by a
report of our committee. The peace conference
had no power to present questions or make com-
munications to us; but they having made a com-
munication, and we, having respect for that body,
agreed to take it up, and we referred their propo-
sition to a committee. The only authority which
we have now for considering it in the Senate, is
on the recommendation of our committee. This
proposition stands here as a recommendation of
that committee to alter the Constitution, as pro-
posed by this conference. It being their recom-
mendation in regard to the alteration of the Con-
stitution, under our rules it stands like a bill;
and I have a right to move to amend it, section
by section;and in doing so, I should be pursuing
the method taken by the peace conference, as I
understand, for I am told they never took a vote
on it as a whole, but voted on it proposition by
proposition; and in fact, the majority who passed
the propositions were composed of different States,
and they never did take a vote on the articles as a
whole.
Now, I am proposing to amend this as it comes
up, proposition by proposition; and if it would
be in order for me to make such a motion, sup-
posing that this proposition had originated with
a committee of this body, who had made a report
proposing such amendments to the Constitution,
I should have a right to make it now, for it is
only in that way that it appears legally before us.
I say, then, so far as the question of order is con-
cerned, it seems to me that I have clearly a right
to do it. I would be willing, in order to get rid
of the question of order, to move to strike out
the preamble too; but in my opinion it stands be-
fore us as a bill would stand. I may amend the
particular sections. Iam not proposing by this
amendment to perfect the whole proposition, but
a part of it; and if I should succeed in that, I can
then go back, and move to amend the preamble.
So far as the question of order is concerned,
I cannot see how it is that I am out of order.
There may be a question of propriety. Those
who believe that this proposition is one that ought
to be accepted as a whole, and ought to be ac-
ccpted bccause itcomesfrom this body,eminently
respectable, as we all acknowledge it to be, may
say that we ought not to amend it; not that we
have not the power, but that we ought not to
amend it. ^ Those of us, however, who think as
I do, that it is a proposition not to be accepted;
that it is a proposition highly dangerous, ana one
which will give rise to great difficulties, on the
other hand, may think it eminently proper to
amend it. 1, thinking in that way, avail myself
of what I suppose my parliamentary right, to
offer an amendment; and it is upon that question
of parliamentary right alone, as I understand,
that the Chair is to determine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
to me very clear that, as a question of order, this
proposition does not stand in any respect diffcr-
crent from any other. Suppose an individual
Senator had thought proper to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution; that they had been
referred to a committee; and the committee had
approved them: what would it have done ? Pre-
cisely what this committee has done. It would
have reported back the proposition, with a reso-
lution in conformity with that clause of the Con-
stitution which points out the mode of its amend-
ment. The fact that this proposition was adopted
by gentlemen from various States does not alter
it at all. It comes here as a mere petition. How-
ever respectable and dignified the convention may
have been which arrived at these conclusions;
however much weight their conclusions may be
entitled to in the country, they come here simply
as petitioners—in that light, and none other—ask-
ing Congress to submit certain resolutions to the
States of the Union to be adopted or not as por-
tions ofthe fundamental law, and, unquestiona-
bly, any Senator has a right to propose an amend-
ment in the same way as if they were introduced
by an individual Senator. Can it be possible that
if I draw up a series of propositions as amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
and a select committee thinks proper to recom-
mend them to this body, the hands of the body
are tied up, and it must take them, word for word,
and letter for letter, as I have drawn them ? The
