1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
you cannot get one in a hundred thousand who
would not deny that there could be property in
man, especially under the common law. We thus
lose the advantage of the Dred Scott decision.
According to the Dred Scott decision, we can
carry them in the territory of the United States
and hold them, and it is decided that there is prop-
erty in slaves—decided under the Constitution.
The court maintain that the Constitution recog-
nizes it. It is upon constitutional ground that we
have made our claims, and so far, it is upon this
that we have fought and won the battle, not upon
common law; and now we are to abandon the ad-
vantages that we have got from that ground of
title under the Dred Scott decision, and go into
court and try a case that has been already decided
in our favor; and under the common law, try it
before judges who are to be selected by a party
entertaining such opinions as I have justdesenbed;
and I am sorry to say, without appeal to the Su-
premo Court; because, in the territorial bills which
have been lately passed, that right has been taken
from us. My friend from North Carolina will be
kind enough to read an article in the Chicago plat-
form, showing what is held on that subject by
those who wield the power of this Government.
Mr. CUNGMAN read, as follows:
" Eighth. That the normal condition of all the territory of
the United States is thatot freedom; that as our republican
fathers, when they had abolished slavery m all our national
territory, ordained thatc no person should be deprived of
life, libeity, or property, without due process of law,' it
becomes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legisla-
tion is necessary, to maintain this provision of the Consti-
tution against all attempts to violate it; and we deny the
authouty of Congtess, ot a Territorial Legislature, or of
any individuals, to give legal existence to slavery m any
Territory of the United States."
Mr. HUNTER. Thus much, Mr. President,
in regard to the status; and it is to be observed
that the same word is used in reference to persons
who are now held to involuntary servitude in the
Territories and to those whom we are to have the
right to take into the Territories from the Slates
recognizing slavery. So that we submit this ques-
tion of our right to slaves, when it reaches the
Territories, to be tried under the common law, by
courts appointed by the party entertaining the
opinions i have described, and that without ap-
peal. This is in regard to the Territories which
we now own. What is the settlement provided
for in regard to territory hereafter to be acquired13
Here it is, in the third section:
Skc. NVilhei the Constitution, nor any amendment
thereof, shall be construed to give Congress power to reg-
ulate, abolish, or control, witinn any State, the relation
established or recognized by the laws thereoi touching per-
sons held to labor or involuntary service therein, nor to in
terferewith or abolish involuntary service in the District
of Columbia without the consent of Maryland, and with-
out the consent of the owneis,oi making the owners who
do not consent ju^t compensation ; nor the power to inter-
fere with or prohibit Representatives and others from bring-
ing with them, to the District ot Columbia, retaining and
taking away, persons so held to labor or km vice ; nor the
power to interfere with or abolish mvoluntaiv seiviee in
places undei the exclusive jurisdiction of the United Slates
within those Stairs and Tciritoues, wheie the same is
established or recognized.
That is, they shall not prohibit it as to future
acquired territory, where it is established or recog-
nized. Will not the inference be claimed from
such an expression, that where it is not estab-
lished and not recognized, they may prohibit it?
Will it not be said that the expression of one
exception to the power of Congiess to prohibit •
slavery in the Territories excludes the idea of an [
exception to that power when slavery isnot recog-
nized in the Territories?
Mi. COLL AM 13II. if the gentleman wilt in-
dulge me a moment, 1 desire to say that is a sec-
tion declaring that Congress shall not abolish
slavery in the dork-yard"?, &c., in the States
where it is recognized. There is nothing m it
about future acquired territory.
Mr. HUNTER. This third section applies not
only to present but to future acquired territory.
It is not confined, like the first section, to the ter-
ritory at present acquired, it is rfot confined to
dock-yards and arsenals in the Territories and J
States. If the Senator will examine it, he will
find that it is applied to all places where the United
Suites have exclusive jurisdiction. " Exclusive
jurisdiction" is the word. Will it not be claimed
that they have exclusive jurisdiction in the Terri-
tories of the United States? Will not those who
have the power to construe, and carry out their
construction, so construe it; Will they not say !l
it is a prohibition to Congress to prohibit slavery
where it is recognized in the Territories or States,
but not a denial of the right to prohibit slavery in
Territories where it is not recognized by law,
although that Territory may be vacant and unin-
habited?
Mr. COLLAMER. That clause of the section
is, that Congress shall not have power—
"To interfere with or abolish involuntary service in
places under theexclusivejurisdiction of the United States
within those States and Territories where the same is es-
tablished or recognized."
That, so far as I have read, is confined only to
where they have local jurisdiction in the States
holding slaves.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought so at first, myself;
but the Senator will find, on a further examina-
tion, 1 think, that he is mistaken. They shall
not' prohibit it wherever they have exclusive juris-
diction in places where slavery " is established
or recognized." It is not confined to dock-yards,
forts, and arsenals. Why should itbe in the Ter-
ritories? They have exclusive jurisdiction over
the whole. Thereisreason forconfiningit to dock-
yards in the States; but there is no rcasonfor con-
nningitto dock-yards,&c.,in the Territories, But
that is not the construction which wiil be given; the
construction given to it will be, that they shall not
prohibit it where they have exclusive jurisdiction,
if it is recognized in such places; but if it be not
recognized m such places, where they have exclu-
sive jurisdiction, I say the inference will be drawn,
plausibly, ifrrotjustly, that they shall have power
to prohibit; arid I say if this be so, then it is a
power (so far as Mexican territories arc con-
cerned, if there should "be any acquisition there)
by which the South will be forever estopped; be-
cause there the Mexicans have abolished slavery,
and there, under this clause giving in that terri-
tory exclusive jurisdiction, the party now con-
trolling the Government, would claim the right
to prohibit it. And what a difference between
our position then and our position now under the
decision of the Supreme Court! Under the de-
cision of that court, all the people of all the States
have a right to go into the common territory with
their institutions. It belongs to all in common,
and Congress cannot prohibit them from taking
their property there.
I say that those who have the power to carry
out any construction they choose to give, would
be interested in putting upon it the construction,
.which I fear; and it would be difficult to raise an
argument which they would deem conclusive
against it. But take it the other way; suppose
that the Senator from Vermont is right in hisfii&t
supposition, that it was only meant to be applied
to forts, arsenals, and dock-yards, then I ask what
settlement does this proposition give us in regard
to future acquired territories; what earthly settle-
ment is it ? We have all the old difficulties to en-
counter that we have to meet now, every one of
them. We not only have all the old difficulties to
encounter, but the slaveholder would have an ad-
ditional obstacle which this first clause would put
in his way. It requires that the right to slaves in
the present territory shall be tried by the common
law, and it might be said in court that the infer-
ences drawn heretofore from those provisions of
the Constitution iccognizing slavery were to he
overruled by the fact that the people in their latest
action—by way of constitutional amendment—had
introduced another rule in older to determine the
status of those held to involuntary service or labor,
and the consequence of that would be that the
South never could acquire another foot of terri-
tory; thatis,the few southern States who are left
in the Union.
I am told that here is a provision that you can-
not acquire territory except by the assent of a
majority of the Senators from both sections. Docs
any man believe that theNorth, with its eighteen,
soon to be twenty, or thirty, non-slaveholding
States, would allow a majority of six, or seven,
or eight, slave States, that are now attached to
them, to prevent them from acquiring any terri-
tory hereafter? Would they agree to such an
amendment, in the first instance; and if they did,
how long before they would change this restric-
tion in the Constitution? Indeed, it is hardiy to
be supposed that they will agree to it in the first
instance, so far as it regards the acquisition of
territory; but of what avail would it be to the
South ; There is but one concu\able acquisition
—I speak of possible things, and I hope gentle-
men will not understand me as coveting my neigh-
bor's goods, or desiring to lay violent hands on
the property of any other States or nations—but,
if things should so happen that we could right-
fully acquire Cuba, under my view of the proba-
ble construction to be given to this clause, and be-
cause slavery there is recqgnized, Congress might
be prevented from prohibiting it; but, everywhere
else, the South would be shut out and excluded.
Then, sir, what would be its position ? It would
be prevented from acquiring any territory under
this Government as an outlet for its slaves; and
the only chance of securing that necessity of its
condition would be to quit this Union and join the
southern confederacy, which can acquire terri-
tory. It would be an inducement to disunion so
strong as would almost force them to it.
Let us go a little further. Here is another clause
holding out the same temptation:
The foieign slave trade is hereby forever prohibited, and
it shall be the duty of Congress to pass laws to prevent the
importation of slaves, coolies, or persons held to service or
labor, into the United States and the Territories from places
beyond the limits thereof. *
This is to be the duty of Congress. As it now
stands, it is in the power of Congress. When it
was merely given as a power to Congress, was
there a failure to execute that power? Do we not
know that every State in the present Confedera-
tion has desired to suppress the African slave
trade? Some do it from sentiment and principle;
some from interest; but there is a controlling mo-
tive with each and all of them. It is safe enough
to leave it where it stood, giving-Congrcss the
powermeroly. Here you make it their duty. Sup-
pose this case: the States that have left us have
set up another government, another confedera-
tion; under this clause yon forbid us to buy their
slaves, to interchange and trade in slaves with
them: what will be the consequence? They will
exclude us from selling our slaves in their terri-
tory, and where then do we stand ? If you should
think it prudent, if you should think it politic, you
would have no means, under this proposed amend-
ment, of allowing that to be done between these
two coterminous countries. Though it would be
to the advantage of both Confederacies that there
should be this interchange, you preclude Con-
gress from allowing it; and then where would that
place the border slave States? They would not
be able to sell their slaves in the States further
south; and if they carried them there, they would
have to emigrate with them. You would thus pre-
vent Congress from adopting a regulation which
would make it possible for them to remain in this
Union with safety, with advantage, to themselves.
Why was this put in? Why not have left it were
it stood, giving Congress the power, when we all
know that there is no State in the present Con-
federation that would not exercise that power for
the purpose of suppressing the slave trade from
Africa? This probably would constitute the only
exception. Why shut ourselves out from allow-
ing the exception?
But, Mr. President, my desire is to be brief; I
do not want to consume the time of the Senate;
I am merely endeavoring to state the points of
objection as briefly as I can. Here is, at the close
of it, another provision which, it seems to me,
contains the seeds of civil war; and that is this:
" Congress shall provide by law for securing to
the citizens of each State the privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States;" that
is to say, Congress shall have power to pass laws
to force the States to receive those persons whom
they have excluded from police considerations—
considerations of domestic safety. Yes, sir, to
force the States to receive persons who would be
dangerous to their peace; to force upon them, if
you will, Abolition lecturers; to force upon them
persons whom they regard as the most danger-
ous emissaries that could be sent among them; to
enable Congress to obtrude, in fact, into all the
business of the States. That was not intended
when the Constitution was framed, and never
ought to have been. The present provision in
regard to the rights of citizens in the several
States, I regard as in the nature of an inter-treaty
stipulation. It is a duty imposed on each State,
for the violation of which there is no remedy; no
remedy, unless the State aggrieved may resort
sometimes to retaliation.
Theie aie various things of that sort in the
