1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Killinger and Gaunett.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 3, noes 101; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again
state to the committee that a number of members
have not voted; and the Chair will order a recount,
and requests all members to vote.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 5, noes 116.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word " ferry," in line eighty-nine.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the committee that he is powerless to enforce the
rule requiring members to vote, unless they see
lit to obey it; but the Chair would submit to the
committee, and to the gentleman from Arkansas,
whether he should be permitted to avail himself
of the privileges of the rules by offering amend-
ments, when he refuses to obey the rules by vot-
ing; and whether the Chair ought to receive his
amendment under those circumstances?
Mr. BURNETT. This committee cannot con-
fer upon the Chairman the power to refuse an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has repeat-
edly appealed to gentlemen to vote; but they have
refused.
Mr. BURNETT. But that would not author-
ize the Chair to exercise the power of refusing to
receive an amendment. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. Before the motion on the
amendment is putto the committee, I am disposed
to state to the committee the object of my eoui sc.
I shall be brief as possible, if the committee will
give me their attention.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed under the fi\e minutes rule.
Mr. GARNETT. We believe that one of the
oldest privileges of any parliamentary body, es-
pecially of the popular branch, according to all
the traditions of ourrace, both in themothercoun-
try and in this, is to cut off the supplies when we
believe that the Government is obnoxious to the
people we represent. We have allowed all the
other appropriation bills, as gentlemen upon the
other side know, to pass through without debate
and without the slightest difficulty. I venture to
say that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will acknowledge thatnever in his ex-
perience have the appropriation bills passed the
House with so little difficulty and with so little
trouble to the gentlemen having them in charge,
or with so little factious opposition of any kind.
We come now'to the bills for the Army and Navy.
The House knows—everybody throughout the
country knows—that the present Administration
proposes, and the future Administration will prob-
ably propose,tf> use that Army and that Navy for
the purpose of civil war, as we call it; for the pur-
pose of enforcing the laws, as they call it; and we
know that there will be resistance on the part of
certain States. And I submit to the Chair and to
the gentleman, if it is not really a pertinent in-
quiry—whether strictly in order on this bill or
not—whether it is expedient to appropriate money
to sustain an Army and Navy which will be used
for such purposes?
Now, it would be perfectly in order for me—I
presume the Chair will not deny that-~to move a
concluding clause to the bill, that no portion of
the money hereby appropriated shall beexpended
upon ships of the Navy employed for a particular
purpose; and that would obviously open up the
whole question.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
tell us that they are willing, during the course of
the session, to have general debate. We, on this
side of the House, tell them that we desire to have
debate now. We have4reached the middle of the
session, and we think it not an unreasonable priv-
ilege that the minority—small though that minor-
ity may be—should be permitted by the majority
to express the sentiments of our constituents,
especially upon a matter which, I submit to the
candor of the other side of the House, is so per-
tinent to these bills as the question whether We
will appropriate money for the Army and Navy
or not.
I am not going into theargumentnow. Icon-
tend that this Government is being converted into
amilitary despotism, and that the Army and Navy
are now being used in a manner not authorized
by law and not consistent with the principles even
of gentlemen upon the other side of the House;
and I ask the House to allow me to show that in
a speech of the proper length.
Now, if the gentleman from Ohio will say that
he will open debate upon such an amendment as
I have indicated when the Army bill comes up,
I, for one, will withdraw all present opposition
to this bill. It is obvious that we of the minority
have it in our power, by offering amendments, to
delay the passage of this bill, and it must become
a mere question of physical endurance. I ac-
knowledge that the majority, being larger, may
have greater power of endurance than we have;
but it must be obvious that we can worry them
at least as much as they can worry us, and we
may thus be engaged in a protracted struggle and
a useless expenditure of time. I submit to gentle-
men upon the other side of the House if it would
not be reasonable to allow us to debate the bill in
a manner which I contend, and which I think
candid minds on the other side will admit, is strictly
in order, or, if not strictly in order, so nearly so
as to make it perfectly fair and legitimate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, I will again icpcat
that I do not desire to stifle debate. When the
first appropriation bill of the session was called
up, I proposed then that a reasonable time for
debate'should be allowed; but both sides of the
House, by a decisive majority, insisted that that
bill should be made a special order. 1 have re-
garded that as the will of the majority of the
House, and have so acted. I have no disposition
to cut off debate by the gentleman from Virginia,
or any other mcmlocr of the House. Whenever
the House indicates a desire to debate any bill,
they can do so; but yesterday a majority, on the
gentleman's own side of the House, voted to make
this bill a special order. The majority, not only
on this side of the House, but on the other side,
decided then that it was better to postpone the
debate upon the condition of the country to a
proper time—when the committee of thirty-three
shall report, or when the bill' of my colleague,
[Mr. Bingham,] commonly called a "force bill,"
shall be under consideration.
These appropriation bills contain no new items.
They embrace only the ordinary appropriations
for the support of the Army and Navy; and it
would have been necessary to pass them if no
State had attempted to secede, and there had
been no disturbance m the country. They are
the ordinary appropriation bills; and it seems to
me that they ought not to be met with what I
cannotbut regard as factious opposition; because,
if gentlemen will simply perform their duty under
the rules, and vote on one side or the other, we
could pass this bill without difficulty, and send it
to the Senate.
I repeat, again, Mr. Chairman, that after this
bill and the Army bill shall have passed the House
and been sent to the Senate—to the political friends
of the gentleman from Virginia—then 1 have no
doubt there will be no objection to the widest lat-
itude of debate; indeed, if a majority of the House
are willing to allow debate on the Army bill, I
shall have no objection, and I will not move to
make it a special order unless I find that it is the
desire of a large majority of the House to hmitthe
debate to the terms of the bill. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman.will withdraw his opposition to this
bill, or at least vote on one side or the other upon
amendments.
Mr. GARNETT. I acknowledge that the ma-
joiity of the House, which the gentlemen oppo-
site constitute, do not want debate: but I ask that
majority if it is not fair that the minoiity of the
House, small though it may be, should now, in
the middle of the session, be allowed an oppor-
tunity to present our views on the condition of
the country5
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question is as to
the point of time—whether we shall delay the
ordinary business of the session for the purpose
of engaging in general debate.
Mr. GARNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio
will say, in behalf of his party—and everybody
knows that he is able to pledge them — that on the
Army appropi lation bill general debate shall be
allowed, I shall be content to withdraw all oppo-
sition to the bill now under consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot promise that in
reference to these regular appropriation bills; but
I- have said over and over again that upon any bill
of a general character which fairly presents'this
question of the condition of the country, I have
no objection to the widest latitude of debate; in-
deed, I think it right that we should debate that
question, and gentlemen will find that we upon
this side of the House will meet it frankly, fairly,
and without equivocation. We know the duty
imposed upon us by the people of the United
States, and we intend to perform it in debate or
elsewhere. I think we shall have ample time for
debate; the gentleman from. Virginia will have
opportunity enough to say all he desires to say
in regard to the pending disputes in the country,
and I trust that every member of the House will
have the same opportunity. If I desire to exer-
cise the right of expressing my opinions, I will
exercise it. I know they will differ from those of
the gentleman from Virginia; but he will find no
disposition on this side of the House to avoid de-
bate or any other issue that may be presented to
us by our duty, our sworn duty, here or else-
where. But I trust he will allow the ordinary
appreciation bills to go through in the ordinary
way, and then whenever any measure comes up
which properly presents all these disputed ques
tions, the gentleman can have debate to his heart's
content.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether it has ever been usual for this
House to refuse to permit general debate on the
appropriation bills?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man's question 
Mr. HINDMAN. Let the gentleman from Ohio
take his own course, and we will take ours. So
far as I am concerned, I hlive no favor to ask from
him or the other side of the House, either here
or——to use the gentleman's own phrase—else-
where.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose there is no neces-
sity for any undue excitement about this matter.
Mr. HINDMAN. I say to the gentleman from
Ohio that I am not under the slightest excitement;
and it is not in his power to create any excitement
in me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly have no desire
to do any such thing. Will the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Garnett] be kind enough to re-
peat his suggestion.
Mr. GARNETT. I suggested to the gentleman
from Ohio that it certainly is not in the ordinary
course of legislation to prevent general debate on
any of the appropriation bills. I am aware that
we arc acting under a new rule, and the gentle-
man from Oliio avails himself of that rule to cut
off debate on every appropriation bill. I sub-
mit to him this: let him just place himself in
our position, and look at the matter from our
point of view. Let him suppose that the Army
was to be used for purposes which lie regarded
as unconstitutional and improper. Would not
that be a fair motive for his refusing all appro-
priations for the Army? In fact, did not the gen-
tleman himself lead a movement of this very kind
not six years ago ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the gentleman for
his suggestion. I did make such a movement;
but 
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman pursued a
perfectly proper course, in his point of view;
and now I only ask him to allow us that same
privilege of debate and of voting which he took
for himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will freely acknowledge
that if 1 believed the Army was to be used for
unconstitutional purposes,) would oppose it; but
in opposing it, I would at the same time observe
all the rules of order which govern the action of
the House and govern the members of the House.
On the occasion when I myself offered a proviso
limiting the application of the Army bill, and
while 1 earnestly advocated that proviso, and was
opposed to granting supplies to the Army, to be
used, as I believed, in an unconstitutional way,
I never, so far as I can recollect, violated the
rules which require me to vote on one side or the
other.
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to come to some
understanding with the gentleman from Ohio.
Suppose that we, on this side, offer to the Army
appropriation bill an amendment precisely the
