1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
Constitution. Duties imposed upon the States,
but without a remedy fur the failure to execute
them. No State shail keep a standing army; but
suppose it ^oes: what are you to do? Congress
cannot remedy it; and it would not bo right to
give Congress the power to remedy it. You have
to trust something to the sense of right and duty
of the States themselves; and so it should be in
regard to this matter of citizens. Suppose one
State should say that the citizens of another should
not sue in its courts: how is Congress to enforce
their right? Is Congress to say they shall be
allowed to sue, and that the sheriffs and officers
of the State shall execute the process ? Is it pro-
posed to allow Congress, by law, to interpose in
all these dclicate matters? Is it not far better to
leave it to the sense of justice of the States—to
their sense of duty and of honor ? Have we not
got along; very well while we left it there ? It
there be any instances in which there have been
exceptions, they are instances in which persons
have been excluded on account of police consid-
erations, deemed to be dangerous to the safety of
the people who excluded them. Is it proposed
so to amend the Constitution as to take from the
people of the States this right of self-defense?
If we once introduced this as an amendment to
the Constitution,"what would become of the feeble
southern States, six or seven, (for Delaware can
hardly be considered as a slave State,) that would
be left? Arkansas may conclude to secede when
she shall determine finally upon her position in
the Union. What would become of us in the
hands of this powerful majority, who would pass
what laws they please in regard to the introduction
of their citizens among us, and the rights of those
citizens to do as they pleased after they got there ?
Is it not obvious that these various changes would
lead to cndlessdiscontents, to irreparable breaches
between these States? Would you not certainly
drive out the border States ? They would say, " if
we go south, we ally ourselves to a homogeneous
people; we shall have none of these difficulties;
we have no reason to fear their citizens; we can
giant all these privileges without the least difficulty
or danger; we can send our slaves south fiom a
country where they arc not profitable to one where
they are; but if we stay here, we are forbidden to
do any of these things; if we stay here, we are
prevented from ever obtaining any outlet for our
slave property." Will you not offer them the
highest inducements, nay, will you not make it
almost necessary for them to leave you, if you i
should adopt such a proposition as this ?
Nor is that all, Mr. President. Our present
Constitution—for I am comparing our position
under it with that in which this would place us—
in most of its difficult provisions has been ex-
pounded—expounded by the action of the State
governments, by the action of all the departments
of the Federal Government. We have had legal
interpretations in the decisions of the State and
Federal courts. We have come almost to a point
—indeed, I, who believe that the Dred Scott de-
cision is law, think we have come to a point—
where we have a legal exposition on the whole of
these matters. Aie we to he turned aside from
that, to wander into a new sea of doubt and dif-
ficulty and ambiguity? No candid man can take
this up and say it is not full of double construc-
tions, full of ambiguities, giving ground for new
quarrels between the sections, to new construc-
tions of courts, to new lawsuits.
Mr. COLLAMER. And to he perpetual.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; and to be made per-
petual. We cannot change them afterwards, if ,
we want to do it. I can conceive nothing that
would endanger what is left of this Union so much
as the adoption of this proposition, although it
has been produced by persons so eminent and so
respectable as those who composed the peace con-
gress.
i know that this measure docs emanate from a
body eminently patriotic and wise, entitled to the
public deference and affection: and for their work
I led all possible respect. Against that work I
will pronounce nothing except what the necessi-
ties of the occasion may require. 13ut when the
peace, tiie safety, the rights of th-. State wlneh 1
seek to represent—when the peace of the whole
country, as it seems to me, would be so seriously
imperiled as it would be if this were adopted, I
feci bound by a sense of what I owe to those who
sent me here, bound by a sense of what I owe to
those who have some respect for my opinions, to
express them here on this occasion, and to give
briefly the points and the heads upon which I
differ from the conclusions of that congress. In-
deed, sir, before taking my seat, I may suggest a,
doubt whether I am in truth acting against any-
thing which they have really done. I was in-
formed by a member of that congress that they
never did take a vote upon this proposed article,
as a whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me, I beg leave to state that I was informed of
the same fact by a distinguished member of the
convention; and I was fuithcr informed that the
person who claims to be the secretary of the
convention was never clected as .such. And there
is another fact stated in the preamble that I know
is not correctly stated: that the State of Wiscon-
sin was in that convention, or took any part in it.
IIow many more mistakes there are in the pre-
amble, I am unable to say.
Mr. HUNTEll. I believe it is certain that
they never did take a vote on this article as a
whole, but upon its separate sections. 1 think it
equally probable that it could not have passed as*
a whole. That opinion was expressed to me by
a member. As it did pass, I think there were
three or four States not voting; and the States not
voting were supposed to be against it. Under
such circumstances, I do not know that this is to
be taken as an expression of the will of that con-
gress. Further: I will say, in regard to myself,
that a majority of the members from my own
State voted against it, and were very decided m
their opposition to it. They believed it was not
such a proposition as the South could safely ac-
cept; and that majority, I believe, have returned
home to express that opinion to the State con-
vention, and to give their reasons for it. Under
all these circumstances, I have though t that T ought
to present, as a counter proposition, (believing
that the people whom I represent cannot and ought
not to accept these,) resolutions upon which they
have said they were willing to settle this contro-
versy. I believe the State of Kentucky has de-
clined the same tlung. I understand the State of
California has done likewise. I believe, though I
may be mistaken, that Tennessee has said the
same. The State of North Carolina has made the
same declaration unanimously. To the last, I
believe I may add Missouri.
Now, I am making a proposition to amend, by
inserting the resolutions of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky; upon which so manyofthe border
slaveholding States have said they would settle the
difference. Why not send them out to the States
and the people? We know that some of them
would settle on that. Why should we send out
such a proposition as this, which there is every
reason to believe they will not accept, and which
will have the effect of dividing the conservative
men of the North? Those northern men wjio are
willing to settle on some proposition that would
give satisfaction to the border States, would just
as soon vote for the Crittenden resolutions as for
these, and some probably would1 prefer to do so.
They will waste all their strength, and efforts, and
.energies, in going for a proposition which the
South in the end will not accept, or at least which
I do not believe they will accept,as there is every
reason to suppose they will not accept it. .Then,
when we know there are propositions upon which
so many of the border States have said they would
be willing to settle existing difficulties, why not
submit them ? 1 think, under such circumstances,
notwithstanding the respect which I feel for the
members composing the peace congress, my duty
to my own State, whose Legislature has spoken
m legard to it, and my sympathy with so many
of the southern States who have declared the same
opinion, should induce me present the proposition
which tli'*y desne instead of one to which none
of them has as yet given their adhesion, and to
which I have no idea they will ever agree
Mr. CtUTTENDKN. I bupposc/Mr. Presi-
dent, not only out ot deference* to the Presiding
Officer of this body, but because it seems to me to
be entirely reasonable, that the decision of the
Chair on the question of ordu which was made
as to the admissibility of thf se amendments, was
correct. The ou^tion which these amendments
present, I think, is a question of consistency or
inconsistency with the proceeding in which we
are engaged, with the resolutions offered by the
peace conference; and each member, in deciding
ultimately upon the question for or against the
proposed amendment, will consider that question
of consistency or inconsistency, and regulate his
vote accordingly. It is not, perhaps, strictly a
question of order, to be decided on the consistency
or inconsistency of amendments. So I take it. I
am willing it should be decided by this body.
Now, what is it? The proposed amendment con-
travenes the whole nature of the transaction, and
changes its character. The Representatives of
twenty-one or-twenty-two States—we will not
make any question about Kansas; whether it be
m or not, is not material—the Representatives and
Delegates of over twenty States of the Union have
recommended to us the adoption of certain amend-
ments to the Constitution, which they say will
arrest the troubles of the country and adjust those
great differences which now so much threaten us;
and they ask Congress to propose these amend-
ments to the several States, according to the fifth
article of the Constitution, for their adoption.
These amendments have been submitted to us,
and the question is: whether we will submit them
to the States or not? That I take to be the spe-
cific and solitary question. This imposes no ob-
ligation on us to sanction these constitutional
amendments by proposing them to the people.
We can do as we please upon that point; but what
is the question and the only question? It is not
whether we ourselves will propose amendments
to the Constitution, but whether we will propose
to the people the amendments which this conven-
tion has proposed to us. Now, that whole char-
acter is effaced, and a new character is given to
the transaction, if any one of the amendments
proposed by Senators be adopted.
Suppose these same States, by their Legisla-
tures, had respectively recommended to us these
particular and specific constitutional amendments,
asking us to propose them according to the Con-
stitution: would it have been proper for us then
to undertake to amend their resolutions? It would
be a different transaction altogether. In the one
instance, out of respect to the States, we are pro-
posing their resolutions; in the other case, we are
proposing our own to the States. Now, the ques-
tion here is, whether the resolutions have come
to us with a sufficient sanction to constitute in
our minds a reason for referring to the States the
amendments which the States themselves have-
asked. That is all. It seems to my mind to be
a clear question. They have asked us, they have
requested us, to submit their resolutions, and not
any others, to the States; and the question is, will
we comply with their request, not whether we
will fabricate amendments of our own and refer
them to the people. They have asked of us to sub-
mit their proposals; and the question is, whether
we will do it.
This amendment implies, in the first instance,
that we will not do that, because the moment we
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia,that moment we say in effect, " We will not
propose your recommendations to the people;
while proposing our own, which we will substi-
tute for yours." That is passing by this conven-
tion altogether; it is negativing the States repre-
sented in it.
If gentlemen take this view it will be a sufficient
reason, I trust, in itself, for voting against the
proposed amendment. These propositions which
the convention has recommended may be such as
we may refuse; it is in our power to refuse; but
the question is, whether a recommendation, com-
ing so sanctioned to us, is not, in itself, a suffi-
cient reason why Congress, if disposed to satisfy
the people, shail do the small act of presenting
this to the people themselves, for their adoption.
We may reject it, if we please. The people, when
it is sent to them, will, of course, have the power
to reject or adopt it. The oniy question now is,
whether we will give the,States an opportunity of
saying whether this proposition is satisfactory or
not.
Sir, 1 do not wish to occupy time; but 1 cannot
perceive the justice of the criticisms made upon
these i e*so!utioits of the convention. They seem
to me to be perspicuous and intelligible in eves y
part and in every sentence. I do not &cc where
the difficulty is to arise. Gentlemen need not tell
us here, in respect to these resolutions, that a
member of the convention told them thus and so.
No matter what a member of the convention told
