850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
same in character to that which the gentleman
offered to that bill: will he,then refuse us the priv-
ilege of showing that the purpose for which the
Army is to be used is unconstitutional ? Will he,
then, under a decision of the Chair, rule out all
those speeches, unless they go to the particular
question of economy, or the mode of expending
the money appropriated ? Does he not see that
such an amendment as that would, even accord-
ing to his own construction, open up general de-
bate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall only state, in respect
to that, that when I offered the amendment re-
ferred to, 1 had no opportunity of debating it,
because the bill was not then in a position where
it could be debated. I did not offer it until after
debate had been closed on the bill; although I
admit that the general subject was debated during
the whole session.
Mr. GARNETT. But if the bill had been open
to debate, the gentleman would have felt himself
at liberty, in offering that amendment, to go into
a general argument to show that the purpose for
which the Army was to be used in Kansas was
unconstitutional.
Mr. &UARLES. I rise to a point of #rder.
AH this discussion is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and must arrest this debate, which
is certainly irregular.
Mr. SICKLES. Is it in order to move to amend
the pending amendment? If so, I move to amend
by striking out the next word after the word
" ferries," the word " tolls.n
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
order.
Mr. SICKLES. I concur entirely with what
wns said by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Garnett] as to the propriety of taking this occa-
sion, or seeking it, at all events, for the purpose
of considering and discussing the state of the
Union. 1 agree with him, that all precedents in
the constitutional history of the country, and of
Great Britain, from which we derive our author-
ity and precedents, show the propriety of allow-
ing discussion. I think the refusal of it on an
appropriation bill is quite without precedent. But,
sir, there was another remark made by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, in which I do not concur,
and to which I cannot allow myassenttobeeven
implied by my silence; and that is his inference
or statement—-I do not know which—that the
Army and the Navy are to be employed,and are
employed, by this Administration, for cocrcivc
purposes against a sovereign State.
Mr. Chairman, the President has solemnly de-
clared to Congress twice, in two messages, that he
does not possess the power to employ the Army
and Navy for such purpose. And, sir, I cannot
agree in the statement that the President has done
any act since the announcementof those proposi-
tions to Congress in those two messages that is
inconsistent with that policy or with that declara-
tion. He is only discharging his sworn duty to
preserve intact, ^ far as he can, tiie possessions of
the United States, its public buildings, its public
works. It is us much his duty to preserve Fort
Sumter against attack from all comers, as it would
be to defend this Capitol where we are deliberating
patiently and assiduously on measures by which,
if possible, we can adjust the unhappy differences
between North and South 
The CHAIRMAN. The Choir must arrest
this couise of remark, as the gentleman has only
five minutes to explain his amendment.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask leave to withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON. I object, as I desire to say
a word in reply.
1 he CHAIRMAN. I would stafe to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that this debate cannot be con-
tinued. It is not in accordance with the rule of
the House, which allows a member offering an
amendment five minutes to explain it, and allows
five minutes to any other member to oppose it.
Mr. STANTON. I will only occupy a few
moments. 1 recognize the right of a minority to
claim a reasonable' time for debate. I have been
generally in a minority myself; and I find no fault
with gentlemen on the other side for setting up
that elann. 1 desire to make this suggestion to
gentlemen on the other side. If they say that,
having an ample reasonable time allowed for de-
bate on the Army appropriation bill, no factious
Opposition shall then be interposed, 1 think it
entirely proper that that time should be granted.
But if, after fair time for debate has been allowed,
factious opposition is still to be made, then cer-
tainly the majority should not be expected to con-
cede anything.
Mr. SHERMAN. On consulting with some
of my political friends, I am willing to say thus
much for myself: that I will not submit the mo-
tion to make the Army appropriation bill a special
order until after two or three days'debate; so that
gentlemen on both sides can have full oppor-
tunity to debate it. I think that, by running into
night sessions, two or three days will be suffi-
cient to allow every gentleman who desires to
speak to do so.
Mr. SICKLES. Say three days.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. Let it be three
days. It is understood that after these three
days of debate, the Army appropriation bill shall
be taken up, and disposed of without any, what
has been called, filibustering opposition.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Sickles to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hindman's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Philadelphia.—For repairs of all kinds, $12,043.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the appropriation
for the Philadelphia navy-yard. Fifteen thousand
dollars was the amount estimated for that yard,
and the Committee of Ways and Means have re-
duced it to $12,043. I move that that appropria-
tion be increased to $15,000. Twelve thousand
and forty-three dollars is rather a strange sum*—
it is so very cxact, $12,043!
Mr. HOUSTON. That shows it was arrived
at by close calculation. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I want the amount appro-
priated under this item to equal that which was
estimated for this yard by the proper Department.
I am told that the Committee of Ways and Means
have agreed to leduce the expenses of the Gov-
ernment in all of its Departments. I know that.
The officers who have this yard under their man-
agement, also know it; and they have ceased to
make application for any ropairs that are not ab-
solutely needed. The $12,043 here must be for
some special purpose; and I would like to have
that purpose named. It is so exact that it cannot
be an arbitrary sum.
I know, sir, that with reference to the Phila-
delphia navy-yard there arc many improvements
that could be introduced in it with great benefit
to the Government. 'There could, for instance,
be modern machinery introduced; but such things
arc not applied for because of the system of econ-
omy that has been determined upon by the Gov-
ernment. I hope the appropriation will be in-
creased to $15,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania undei stands this subject better than any-
body else; and I would ask him to tell us why it
is necessary to have the additional sum of $2,967
which he proposes to add to the amount in the
bill?
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to add it upon the
general principle of right—[laughter]—upon the
principle, sir, that would accord to the necessities
of the public service what is absolutely required.
I think if we had four times $15,000 at the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard, it would all be economically
and usefully expended. We would devote it to
the manufacture of material necessary for naval
purposes. We would then put that yard upon
a footing in respect of repairs and improvements
in machinery such as ought to be desired by the
representatives of a great and progressive nation
like this.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am for economy; and if
the gentleman will make it appear economical, I
will go with him to increase this appropriation to
£60,000. But he must first fully satisfy mc of
that fact.
Mr. FLORENCE. Time and again I have put
out my efforts to have full justice done to the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard. I have raised my voice for
economy in that yard, and for the promotion,by
the introduction of useful improvements, of the
best interests of the naval service of the United
States. I have for years raised my voice in this
House for right and truth and justice, without
effect. I am not sure that I will succeed better
now; and I therefore choose to adhere to my
amendment—as little, to be sure, as I could well
ask.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, then, let it go;
but, as they said in olden times, we will look to
the Senate. That body, I trust, will increase the
appropriation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Mare Island.—For completing machine shop, $50,000.
For completing smithery, $15,000.
For completing coopers' shop, $10,000.
For repairs ot' ail kinds, $20,0(X>.
Mr. BURCH. I would ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, whether there
has been any reduction by his committee from
the estimates for the navy-yard at Mare Island?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we did not make
any reduction upon the estimates for the Mare
Island navy-yard. We allowed, if I recollect
aright, one or two items not contained in the
estimates on the recommendation of Commodore
Smith.
Mr. BURCH. I put the question to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, because yesterday, in the bill
making appropriations for the survey of the pub-
lic lands, 1 noticed that while a reduction was
made in the cases of California, Oregon, and
Washington, there was no reduction made in the
estimates of the Department for Kansas, Nebras-
ka, and Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. We allowed for the States
and Territory on the Pacific coast, more than we
did for the other States and Territories. For
Kansas and Nebraska together, we allowed only
$20,000, while we allowed $15,000 each for Cal-
ifornia, Oregon, and Washington. If there be
ground for complaint, it is not with the gentleman,
but rather with the Delegates from Ivansas and
Nebraska.
Mr. BURCH. There was a reduction upon the
estimatesin my State and for Oregon and Washing-
ton, while there was none upon the estimates for
Kansas and Nebraska.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman had been
present yesterday, he would have heard my ex-
planation on that point.
Mr. BURCH. I am sorry that I was not here.
If I had been I would have opposed the reduction
in the estimates for California. I was out upon the
seleetcommitteeof thirty-three. I tried to be pres-
ent when the civil bill was up, but tailed to do so.
I ask the gentleman whether there 1ms been any
decrease in the estimates for this Mare Island
navy-yard ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have allowed more
than was in the condensed estimates, and not so
much as was in the detailed estimates.
For the purchase of nautical instruments for the use of
the Navy; for the repairs* of the same, and atso of astron-
omical instruments; and for the purchase of nautical books
and maps.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend that par-
agraph by adding the following;
Provided, That so far as it prevents tiie disciction of
those officers in the pmoh.\«e and  «e of any article re-
quired tor the purposes and use of the Army and Navy
which may have been patented, the Secrctaiy ot War and
the Secretary of the Navy are fully authorized and per-
mitted to make any purchases and to secure the use of any
article in their judgment absolutely needed or required
for the public service now foi bidden by the provisions of
the second section of the act making appropriations a for
sundry civil expenses of the Government," approved June
23, 1860.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make a point of order on
the amendment. It repeals the law enacted on
this subject at the last session of Congress.
Mr. FLORENCE. It merely authorizes the-
Secretary of the Navy to purchase such patented
articles for the service of the Navy as may be
needed. Nautical instruments may be patented,
and yet they arc needed in the service. I think
my amendment is a proper one, and in order
attached to that paragraph.
I feared that a point of order would be made
on the amendment; and if the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, as well as the
Chairman of this committee—you, Mr. Chair-
man—will look at the language of my amend-
ment, they will see that it is a most ingenious way
of getting around a repealing clause. [Laughter.]
I deem it an amendment which will benefit the
service. The law of the last session, in many
instances, sadly interferes with the naval service.
So the Secretary reports.
