1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
this one or that one about the votes that were
given,it is certified to us,in aformal manner,by
the President of the convention—himself a Vir-
ginian, and once aPresidentof the United States—
that this is the result of the proceedings of the
convention.
Mr, HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state to him how that occurred. It was
decided, as it will be seen when we get the Jour-
nal, that, according to some rules of the old con-
vention, they should not vote upon a proposition
as a whole, but upon each particular provision.
That was the rule of the convention; and there-
fore hecertified itas theconvention hadinstructed.
The vote was taken only section by section, and
the vote was never taken on itas a whole. There
is no inconsistency between what I have said,
and the certificate of the President of the Con-
vention, because, according to the rules adopted
by them, he had to certify it if it was adopted by
sections, though it. was not voted upon as a whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose this remark
is intended to annul the convention, and discredit
all their proceedings, though the Senate have re-
ceived the letter of the President and Secretary
as authentic evidence that this does contain the
result of the deliberations and the proceedings of
the body. I take it so, whatever a discontented
member here and there may have said to the con-
trary notwithstanding. He may have said it all
truly, for aught I know, but we must regard this
as the authentic act of the convention; other-
wise it was nothing; and it is certified to us by
the proper authority as its act, by the President
of the convention, with the request that we shall
adopt it. It must have had, in some form or
shape, the sanction of a majority of the conven-
tion, or it could not have been so certified to us.
How they voted, whether upon parts or the
whole, they gave such votes as they thought were
necessary to ascertain the meaning of the body,
and the expression of their will and opinion upon
the subject. This is what they have done.
I do not stop to inquire whether I like these
resolutions better than I do those proposed by
myself, or the amendments now offered by the
Senator from Virginia. We are near the close
of our session. 1 have looked upon the proceed-
ings of this great and eminent bodyof men as the
best evidence of public opinion outside of this
body, and of the wish and will of the States they
represent. I am for pence. I am for compro-
mise. I have not an opinion on the subject of
what would be best that I would not be perfectly
willing to sacrifice to obtain any reasonable meas-
ure of pacification that would satisfy the majority,
i want to save the country and adjust our pres-
ent difficulties. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bright
in the chair) called to order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is what I want
to do. That is the object I am aiming at. I at-
tach no paiticular importance—I feel, at least, no
selfish attachment—to any opinions I may have
proclaimed on the subject heretofore. I pro-
claimed those opinions because I thought them
right; but I am ready to sacrifice them, any and
everyone of them, to anymore satisfactory prop-
osition that can be offered. I look upon the reso-
lutions proposed by this convention as furnishing
us, if not the last, the best hope of an adjustment;
the best hope for the safety of the people and the
preservation of the Government. I will not stop
to cavil about the construction of these words; but
I see none of the difficulties that suggest them-
selves to the mind of my friend from Virginia.
Look at thai third section, which lias been the
subject of Ins particular criticism. Every pait and
portion of it is a negation of power to Congress,
and nothing else; and yet he has argued as if it
gave Congress power; as if it conferred more |
power upon Congress. It leaves to the States all j
the rights they now have; all the remedies which j
they now have; und consists merely in a negation
of power to Congress. IIow can that take away ;
the rights of the people^ How ran fli.it make our '
condition worser I cannot possibly see. It is 1
nothing but a negative from beginning to end; ■
and therefore it cannot take away anything from 1
the pcopK It may take from Congiess, but can- •
not take aw.vy from the States, or the people, any- '
thmg. It is negative in its form und m its lan-
guage, fiom beginning to end,that Congress shall ,
have no power to do this, that, or the other. If 1
they have that power under the present Constitu-
tion, it is taken away. That is all. It takes
away no power from the States. It takes away
no rights from individuals. Its simple office is
the negation of power to Congress. That is all
there is in it; and how, under that, can the gen-
tleman find constructions which are to increase
our difficulties and diminish our rights? He says
the language will need construction. So does all
language need construction. I do not see that
this is particularly so.
Now, sir, the-Senator offers my own proposi-
tion as an amendment to this. I shall vote against
my own proposition here; I shall vote for this.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. MASON. I shall be constrained to require
that the galleries be cleared, if there be any fur-
ther demonstrations in that quarter.
Mr. BAKER. I hope the galleries will not be
cleared. The admiration of a noble sentiment is
never out of place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion to clear the galleries.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall vote for the
amendments proposed by the convention, and
there i shall stand. That is the weapon offered
now, and placed in my hand, by which, as I sup-
pose, the Union of these States may be preserved;
and I will not, out of any selfish preference for
my own original opinions on this subject, sacrifice
one idea or one particle of that hope. I go for the
country; not for this resolution or that resolution,
but any resolution, any proposition, that will
pacify the country. Therefore, I vote against my
own, to give place to a proposition which comes
from an authority much higher than mine—from
one hundred and thirty of the most eminent men
of this country, out of which number a Senate
might be selected that might well compare in point
of talent and intellect and ability even with this
honorable body. They have recommended this
on arduous, laborious consultation with one an-
other; through many difficulties, through many
diversities of opinion, they have at last arrived at
these conclusions, and sent them to us. Shall any
Senator stand upon the little consideration, "this
changes my resolution;" and shall he compare
that little atom of his production with the great
end and object proposed to be attained for a whole
nation? No, sir; not a moment. I believe our
best hope of preservation is m adopting the inso-
lations proposed by this convention, and I adhere
to them against all amendments.
Mr. President, the only material or substantial
change in respect to the first section of this pro-
posed amendment from my first proposition is,
that it omits all reference to territory hereafter ac-
quired, limiting our consideration and our settle-
ment to territory which we now have. When I
first offered my resolutions, 1 explained somewhat
in reference to that particular provision which re-
lated to future territory. I said that I wanted no
more territory. Our great trouble now is from
the magnitude of the territory which we have al-
ready acquired, New Mexico is one of our acqui-
sitions, and what a subject of dispute it has been 1
I want no more acquisitions. My country is big
enough, and great enough. I say that further ac-
quisitions are dangerous. We have found them
to be so. Our expenence and our reason, then,
unite in teaching us " to beware of that sin, am-
bition." National aggrandizement! I want no
more. I proposed that, however, as the idea then
was, that we wanted a settlement that was to last
forever; to be eternal; to embrace the present and
to embrace the future, with all its acquisitions, all
its changes. Reflection since, and the arguments
of others, I will say, have changed my opinion
on that point. If it had not changed it, however,
I should be ready here to sacrifice it and give it
up, if thereby I could obtain the assent of any-
respectable portion of my countrymen to the prop-
ositions for peace. If we can settle in respect to
what we have, in God's name let us do it: and if
we are to have future acquisitions, let us leave the
I troubles they may brmg upon us to a future day.
I We have enough for to-day. 1 do not object,
! therefore, to the first section of the proposition of
i the convention, that it m confined to the territory
j which we nowha\e. The adjustment which they
[ have made varies but little m substance in regard
i to the territorial question, .oid the question of
j slavery as connected with it, from my original
I proposition. South of the line which we propose
to establish, 360 30', you have no foot of territory
left, but what is embraced in the Territory of
New Mexico. In New Mexico, by law of the
Territory—a constitutional law, a valid law of the
Territory—slavery exists as fully and completely
as the law can establish it, or has established it.
Now, thispropositionis,thatthesia£usof things
shall continue as it is until that Territory becomes
a State; and when it becomes a State, let it dis-
pose of the question of slavery as it chooses.
There is no ambiguity about this. In substance,
though in a different form of words, the same is
expressed in my proposition. The proposition
of the convention is the same in substance, only
omitting the words—a very proper and a very
timely omission—supposed to be offensive in cer-
tain parts of the country, and substituting others
that are equally well understood in all parts of
the country, and which were less offensive to
some.
Sir, now is the time for mediation; now is the
time for pacification; now is the time to omit
every word that can give offense or add to the
irritation under which the country is. I desire,
by the most moderate terms, by the most unof-
fending language, to reach some mode of adjust-
ment that can give satisfaction u^-the whole coun-
try and reunite us all.
My friend from Virginia seems to apprehend
that under these amendments we shall be worse
off in respect to territory hereafter acquired.
That is supposed to be sufficiently provided for
and secured in the provision, that no future ac-
quisition shall be made, by purchase or by treaty,
except that treaty or that purchase be ratified by
a majority of the Senators from the slaveholding
States, as well as a majority of Senators from the
non-slaveholding States. Does not this give the
South a safe assurance, an assurance to be relied
upon? My friend from Virginia says, how-
ever, do we believe the North, with its superior
number, would submit to this provision of the
Constitution? Why, sir, the convention have
had the caution to make this provision, if I under-
stand them, irrepealable by any future amendment
of the Constitution. There it stands, then, in the
most solemn form that men can enter into any
compact, in the most formal language by any
terms that government can establish, that all are
bound by that provision of the Constitution which
requires a majority from each section. When
the gentleman asks whether we can believe for a
moment that this law will be acquiesced in and
adhered to, I say we must to some extent have
confidence in one another, or all human society
must lose its basis, not merely of government,
but its foundation, and all society would be torn
up at once by the roots. That confidence is the
rootof society; itis the root of all the associations
of men in public or private life; it is the root and
foundation of all government. What more can
you have, what better security can you have than
written, solemn terms upon any subject which is
to regulate government? There is nothing more
solemn among men, unless you would require
angels to come down and make responses for
them. Here you have the very highest security
that can be given; and when any gentleman shall
say these arc not to be relied upon, he says there
is no government that stands upon any foundation
that can be relied upon. Such an assertion strikes
not at this provision; it strikes at the root of all
government. What further security can be had >
If our brethren of the other section were willing
to give the highest possible security they could,
what can they give more? Nothing. This ar-
gument, then, can avail nothing.
Mr. President, I have gone perhaps a little
further than I ought to have done. It is not now
necessary that I should enter into a vindication
of every provision of these amendments offered
by the convention. It is sufficient to speak to
the amendment which the gentleman has offered.
Excluding territory hereafter to be acquired. I
think, in substance, we ought to hi* satisfied with
that; I believe that will make peace; I believe that
will give substantial security to our rights, and to
the rights which the southern States claim. With
that I am satisfied. It is enough for the dreadful
occasion. Itis the dreadful occasion that I want to
get rid of. Hid me of this, rid the nation of this,
and I am willing to take my chance for the future
and meet the penis of eveiy day that may come.
Now is the appointed time upon which our des-
