1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion the amendment is not in order.
For preparing for publication the American Nautical
Almanac, $20,880.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I move to reduce that ap-
propriation to §10,000.
Mr. Chairman, in looking over the estimates
for getting up this American Nautical Almanac,
I find, among various items, one "for discover-
ing- new planets since 1849, $3,000." I am per-
fectly willing, sir, that this Government should
appropriate money for its own uses, but I am not
• willing that it should take under its protecting
wing the entire universe. The book does not
stale which planet, or how many planets, we must
pay $3,000 for.
A Member. All of them. [Laughter.]
Mr. Q,UARLES. I think we have just enough
to do to take care of not only this planet, but even
of our own part of it from flying to pieces. Yet
here, sir, we are asked to pay $3,000 for the dis-
covery of one or more planets, and that, too, when
the Government is nearly bankrupted, when it
has to pay twelve per cent, for money. In all, the
items amount to $25,000. Twenty-five thousand
dollars for getting up the American NauticS.1 Al-
manac! I think that is too much money; and I
therefore move to reduce it to $10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I agree with my colleague
that 
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman can-
not proceed, debate only being allowed in oppo-
sition to the amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chairman will recol-
lect the old adage we used to hear when we were
boys, (I do not profess to give more than the sub-
stance of it,) never to forestall a slow speaker. 1
was about to remark that I concurred with my
colleague in having the American Na'utical Alma-
nac published on terms as moderate and reason-
able as it could be done; and whatever reduction
can be made in the estimates for that item, I shall
certainly concur in. But, sir, the gentlemen hav-
ing this work in charge have reported to us that
it is necessary to appropriate this sum of $25,880.
If my colleague could give us some idea of the
operations of preparing Nautical Almanac,and
could show us how it could be as well prepared
for $10,000, I would concur with him in his
amendment.
He has spoken of the planets discovered since
1849. If he will give us a list of them, and tell us
which are without use or benefit for the purpose
of promoting the general nautical interests of the
country, we would deduct to that extent. Until
we can have that information from my colleague,
I confess we must be permitted to rely upon the
estimates made by the gentlemen who have the
work in charge as prima facie correct.
Mr. Q.UAIILES. I cannot do all my colleague
asks me to do in five minutes. If I am allowed
pioper time I will do it.
Mr. MAYNARD. For the reasons I have
stated, I oppose the amendment offered by my
colleague.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. MORSE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following as
an additional section:
Sec 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the payments
heretofore made to the clerks of yards, and to the com-
mandant's cleiks, at the Navy Yards ot Kitteiy and Phil-
adelphia, under appropriations made by Congie?s for that
purpose, at tlie rate of $1,200 per annum, are hereby al-
lowed and confirmed.
i will say, in respect to this amendment, that
when the pay of several clerks in different yards
was arranged many years ago, the pay of all the
cleiks of the class mentioned in the amendment
was fixed at $1,200 per annum, except those in
the Washington yard, and those in the yards at
Ivitt^ry and Philadelphia. Those in the Wash-
ington yard, somehow or other, got $1,400; but
those in the Kitteryand Philadelphia yards were
omitted, and their pay was left at $900. The Dc-
paitment, under the supposition that those two
yards were included in the bill, made out their
estimates at $1,200; and Congress made an ap-
propriation accordingly for three or four years,
and paid the clerks in those yards $1,200, aTid
their accounts were settled at the Department for
that amount. But in the year 1858, when their
accounts came in, the Fourth Auditor declined to
allow them $1,200, upon the ground that some
old law fixed their pay at $900, notwithstanding
the estimates were sent in at $1,200; and instruc-
tions were sent by the head of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks to the pursers of those yards to pay
those clerks $1,200. Now the Fourth Auditor has
cut down the supply, and the paymasters at those
yards arc deducting from the $900, the amount of
$300 a year, leaving them only $600.
This amendment is simply intended to legalize
the pay which Congress intended to give to that
class of clerks. My opinion is that we ought
not only to legalize that payment, but to fix the
pay at $1,200 a year, out I do not propose to
ao that, for fear that some one may say that it is
not in order. It certainly ought to be done. If
we cannot do that, we can do this much: we can
legalize the payments which have already been
made to them, and not permit the officers to de-
duct $300 from their $900, thus leaving them with
only $600 to live upon. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will move to amend by
providing that the salary of those clerks shall be
$1,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatcertainlyisnotinorder.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that full and exact
justice should be done to those clerks; but as I am
not disposed to embarrass the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I
will withdraw my amendment; though I contend
that those clerks are entitled to $1,200, and ought
to have it upon principles of right and justice.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
nse and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order,had under consideration
the naval appropriation bill, and had directed him
to report it to the House, with sundry amend-
ments, with a recommendation that they do pass.
No objection being made, the several amend-
ment were agreed to in gross.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. Q.UARLES, (at
three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 14, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
j approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 55) au*
thonzing the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the schooner Spring Hill to that of
the United States, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 144) for the
relief of Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District of
Columbia.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 895) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses nf the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1862, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 915) for
the relief of Hockaday & Liggit; which there-
upon received the signature of the Yice President.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 25th of June, 1860, a report of
the acting engineerin charge of the office of con-
struction, relative to the claim of George P. Kane,
for extra work done on the post office building in
the city of Baltimore; which, on motion of Mr.
Bigler, was ordered to lie on the table.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill, of which pre-
vious notice has not been given. It is a bill to
provide for taking the sense of the people of the
several States on certain proposed amendments
to the Constitution of the United States. As the
bill relates to a subject of great importance, 1 ask
that it be printed, and that it be read at this time
at length.
The bill (S. No. 537) to provide for taking the
sense of the people of the several States on certain
proposed amendments to the Constitution of the
United States was read by its title and ordered
to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second read-
ing of the bill will be at length.
The Secretary read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania moves that the bill be printed.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to make a single re-
mark on the subject of this bill. It will be per-
ceived by the Senate that it is the mere machinery
to carry out the plan presented by the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] The prop-
ositions submitted as amendments to the Con-
stitution are somewhat different, but the main
features are the same; and I beg to say, as that
honorable Senator is absent this morning, that he
informs me that, so far as he understands these
propositions, he concurs in them, and thinks they
will answer the purpose he has in view. I further
give notice that, at the earliest hour the business
of the Senate will allow, I will call up the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Kentucky, for the
purpose of considering them in connection with
the bill which I have just offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to print the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Pennsylvania be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts will not insist upon that motion at
present. If, when we take the bill up regularly
for consideration, that is thought to be a proper
disposition, I shall have no objection; but at
present, I hope the Senator will withdraw that
motiorf until the bill is printed.
Mr. WILSON. I think the proper way is, to
send a bill to the appropriate committee. This
is a bill of a very important nature, and I think
it should go to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and therefore I have made that motion, and must
adhere to it.
The question being put, on a division there
were—ayes twenty-two.
Mr.POWELL. I desire to ask what the bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill just read
by the Secretary.
Mr. BIGLER. The proposition is, to refer my
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT having put the neg-
ative, there were twenty-two opposed to the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being
equally divided 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is
taken, I desire to say a single word. Here is a
bill introduced, as I understand from imperfectly
hearing it read, to change the Constitution of the
United States, and, as I understand it, it proposes
to change thatConstitution in an unconstitutional
way. It has never been before any committee,
and a proposition is made to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I would like to know
what the Judiciary Committee is for, if so import-
ant a bill as one changing the fundamental law
of the country is to be considered and passed
without reference to a committee at all. It seems
to me surprising that any one should suppose that
a bill of that character can pass without d,ue con-
sideration. ( trust that the motion will prevail.
