352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
Mr. PtTGH. I do not understand the bill of
my friend from Pennsylvania to propose to alter
the Constitution, but to submit to the people, in
their primary capacity, the question whether it
shall be amended according to its own terms and
forms. .As to the present motion, I agree that a
bill of this importance ought to go to a commit-
tee before it is finally put on its passage; but
when the Senator who introduces it requests that
it may not be committed for a few days, I think
it is unprecedented in the Senate to insist upon
committing his bill against his own wishes; and
therefore 1 shall vote against it, holding myself
at liberty, at some subsequent stage, to vote for
committing it either to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary or to a select committee; but when the
Senator from Pennsylvania asks the Senate not
to commit it at this stage, I cannot imagine any
reason why it should be done.
Mr. BIGLER. I will simply state that I am
unwilling to have this bill referred in the absence
of the Senatorfrom Kentucky. If he were present
and assented to it, I should agree to it; because
this bill has close connection with the propositions
he has presented. I desire to keep it before the
Senate until that honorable Senator can have an
opportunity of seeing it, and seeing how far it
meets the purpose he has in view in his resolu-
tions. As I understand, it is supposed there are
constitutional difficulties in the way. 1 will say
that itis not pretended we can command the people
of the States to vote. The vote must necessarily
be informal. But, sir, the surroundings are very
extraordinary; and it is believed that the people
of the States would take this measure in hand and
express their views, hoping they might thereby
give peace to the country. Nor, sir, is it so
clearly in conflict with tiie Constitution. At all
events, it is not one of those conflicts which alarm
the country; it is not an attempt to interfere with
the rights of the people, but simply to consult the
power which made the Constitution, and consti-
tutes this body and the other House-—the people,
the source of all political power. The proposi-
tion is to take their will in advance of any action
here: that is all; and it will be for the members
of both branches to consider whether the exigen-
cies of the country warrant and demand such an
extraordinary measure. I shall certainly not ob-
iect to the reference of the proposition to the
Committee on the Judiciary, after I shall have
had an opportunity of consulting the Senator from
Kentucky on the subject. I trust the Senator
from Massachusetts will withdraw his motion for
that purpose.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President,when the record
shall be completed which the Senate is about to
make, it will show the absence of the Senators
from Alabama, Florida, and Mississippi. I rise
to say in a word why this will be. 1 hese States
have taken steps to withdraw from this Union, of
which we are not so well informed officially as to
justify our filing a formal notice with the Senate;
but we think that our duty to our States and to
ourselves no longer permits us to take an active
part in the proceedings of this body, either by
speaking or voting. My colleague is confined to
Ins room by a painful illness; but 1 am quite sure
he concurs in what i now say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. FOSTER. I voted to refer this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary; but after the expla-
nation of the Senator from Pennsylvania, request-
ing that it may lie over until ho can confer with
the Senator from Kentucky, 1 shall be willing to
accord that courtesy to him, and shall vote now
not to refer it.
  Mr. WILSON. On the request made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, 1 will withdraw the
motion at this time, if I can do so by the general
consent of the Senate, the yeas and nays being
ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is general consent
given, the yeas and nays having been ordered ?
The Chair hears no objection. The motion to
refer the bill is withdrawn*
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United State* be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public inteie>t, to
communicate to the Senate any information in his po-k-ts-
siou m regard to any attempts made or contemplated by
armed bodies of men to interfere with the free navigation
ofthe Mississippi river; where and by what authority such
attempts have been or arc to be made; and what efforts
have been made by the Government to suppress the same.
Mr. GREEN. Let it lie over.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that the res-
olution is objected to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri said: "Let it Ire over;" which it must
do under the rule.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
. Mr. GREEN. I ask the recommitment of
House bill No. 377, for the relief of David Y.
Whiting, to the Committee on Territories.
It was so ordered.
PUBLIC PROPERTY AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. GREEN. I present the following reso-
lution; and ask its present consideration, if there
be no objection:
Resolved, That the President of the United Sta'tes be re-
quested to infoim the Senate by what authority the po^t
office, eourt-house, and sub-treasury, at St. Louir, have
been taken possession of by military power; and, it com-
patible with the public interests, to transmit copies of all
letters or other evidence on that subject.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
Mr. POLK. With the permission of the Sen-
ate, I will make a statement of a telegraphic dis-
patch that I hold in my hand in reference to the
matter referred to in the resolution of my col-
league. I hold in my hand a telegraphic dispatch
from the postmaster at St. Louis, dated January
12, in which he states that " a lieutenant and forty
men wore in the building yesterday (the lit!!)
from morning until five o'clock, p. m., when they
retired to the arsenal." I suppose, therefore,
they have not been there since.
FORTIFICATIONS IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration the resolution which I offered
some days since, asking information ftom the
Secretary of W«r in reference to certain disposi-
tions of the military force of the United States
within the States; and I hope the Senate will take
it up for consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to present a memorial? I have had no oppor-
tunity this morning.
Air. MASON. If I can retain my motion, I
will cheerfully do it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That can be done by gen-
eral consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is ojily by gen-
eral consent the Senator from Virginia can keep
his motion before the Senate if he yields the floor.
If there be no objection, the Chair will treat itas
a motion waived for the present, for Senators to
present morning business.
AVENUE RAILWAY.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Joseph Bryan and others, praying authority to
Ikuld a rail way along Pennsylvania avenue and
other avenues and streets of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
538) in relation to a railway along Pennsylvania
avenue and other avenues and streets in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
THE WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution; and ask us consideration now, if there be
no objection:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs, and
Militia be instructed to inquire whether the appropriation
made at the last session oi'Uongies-j "torthe completion of
the Washington aqueduct*' h;is been "expended accord-
ing to the plans and estimates of Captain Meig-s?" whether
any alterations have been made in these plans and esti-
mates, and by whom so made. And the committee, in mak-
ing these investigations, shall have power to send for per-
sons and paper*.
Mr. MASON. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Mrs. Ann
Eliza Piatt, widow of the late Charles T. Piatt,
a commander in the United States Navy, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. crittenden presented the petition of
citizens of Annapolis, Maryland, praying the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by him; which was ordered to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of George R.
Barrett, praying the payment of a balance due
him for revising and codifying the revenue laws
of the United States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the me-
morial of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, praying the aid of the Government in estab-
lishing a line of mail steamers across the Pacific
ocean to the populous cities of the eastern world,
reported in favor of printing the usual number;
and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the motion to print the memorial of the
representatives of the Choctaw nation of Indians,
praying payment of the amount due them under
the treaty of June, 1855, reported in favor of
printing the usual number; and the report was
agreed to.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I desire to
offer a joint resolution, and move that it be con-
sidered* now.
The joint resolution (S. No. 57) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to permit the own-
ers of the steamboat John C. Fremont, to change
the name of the same to that of Horizon, was
read and parsed to a second reading.
Mr. MASON. I shall object to its considera-
tion. I have no objection to reading it.
Mr. CAMERON. It will not take a minute.
Mr. Mason. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CAMERON. If there be no objection, I
hope it will be considered,
Mr. MASON. I must get, if I can, before the
Senate, the resolution I offered some days since;
and therefore I object.
Mr. IVERSON. I appeal to the Senator from
Virginia to allow me to make a motion about
myself.
Mr. MASON. If I retain the floor.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. IVERSON. I have to ask the Senate to
discharge me from further service as chairman
of the Committee on Claims. I will take occa-
sion to say that I have been serving on the Com-
mittee on Claims six years, and four years as
chairman. It is one of the most laborious, if
not the most laborious, committees in the Senate.
I leave it to the Seriate, of course, to say whether
T have discharged my duties faithfully or not;but
I think it is time, after this long service, that I
should be allowed to retire from the laborious
duties of that position. I therefore ask the Sen-
ate to discharge me from it; and I move, in con-
nection with it, that the Vice President appoint a
chairman in my place. There are other consid-
erations which the Senate will readily understand
and appreciate, which induce me to ask for this
indulgence, but which I will not state at present.
The motion to discharge Mr. Iverson from
further service on the committee was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia moves, not that the Chair appoint a chair-
man, but that the Chair fill the vacancy on the
committee.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the President of
the Senate, in filling the vacancy, appoint a chair-
man, for the reason that the next in order on the
committee, who would be entitled to act as chair-
mantis the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallouy,]
who is already chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs; and by the practice of the Senate,
it is not usual to allow the same Senator to act as
chairman of two committees. Properly speak-
ing, therefore, the right of precedence will be in
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bragg;]
b t it will be necessary, I apprehend, to allow
the Chair to appoint him or somebody else as
chairman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will put
the motion in whatever form it is made.
