1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
agieed to this proposition as it stands, 1 shalllies-
itate very much in departing from it, whatever
might be ray individual opinion; but certainly if
I thought the two Senators from Virginia had
given it a correct interpretation, I should not agree
to it. Now, as to this clause", it, in my judgment,
had better have been omitted:'
The same shall be subject to judicial cognizance in the
Federal courts, according to the course of the common
law."
I suggest that the common law is referred to as
fixing a right simply. The course of the common
law is a phrase definedformore than two hundred
years, in Latin, in English, and in Norman French.
It means the formula of proceeding. T understood
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to say
that it had been decided in several.of the courts
that an action of trover could not be brought for a
negro slave in England. I think I am familiar
with the case. It is reported mSalkeld's Reports,
Lord Raymond's Reports, and in the Modern
Reports—the same case reported three times; but
the same court which decided that trover would
not lie, because trover included the idea of prop-
erty in the man himself, in the same opinion said
that trespass on the case would lie for the loss of
the service; so that it was all a question of pleading,
and no question of right at all. It is within my rec-
ollection—and I believe thecase was brought to the
Supreme Court on a writ of error, and can be
found in Howard's Reports—that a citizen oi'Ken-
tucky declared in trespass on the case for taking
away his slaves, and added two counts in trovei".
What is trover but an action of trespass on the
case? Nothing more; and it never was anything
more. 'The measure of damages is the same in
both actions—the value of the service of the ser-
vant; and yet that, controversy on mere plead-
ing—which, in nine tenths of the States of this
Union, has ceased to be of any value, because
they have a code of procedure, "is made a terrific
objection here.
Now, sir, 1 have never read the code of New
Mexico, and I do not propose to read it; but it is
perfectly understood that that Territorial Legis-
lature, puisuing the piivilege, if you call it privi
lege, con(jrred by the compromise measures of
1850, lias established the relation of master and
slave, or master and servant, as perfectly as it is
established many of the fifteen so-called slavehold-
ing States. 1 do not admire this word " status,''
which we find in the report of the peace confer-
ence; but as to the meaning of that word, I can-
not be m any doubt. It does not refer to any
persons in particular; it refers to a legal relation
of servitude as between master and servant, and
it provides that that relation, or condi tion,or status,
shall not be changed; that for all wrongs or con-
troversies arising out of that there shall be a rem-
edy through the Federal judiciary.
1 can see why the commission made this dis-
tinction. There have been many who have in-
sisted that the Congress of the United States should
pass laws for the protection of the right of the
master to the services of his slave in a Territory;
but it has always been my opinion, that the worst
thing the slaveholtlmg States ever could have
would be to have that; for there would be a per-
petual controversy here from session to session,
and from day to day, whether the law went far
enough in giving protrrction or went too fai; and
they would be remitting their right to the adjudi-
cation of the Senators and Representatives from
the non-slaveholding States. Others have insisted,
as the propositions of my honorable friend from
Kentucky provided, that th" relation should be
protected by the legislation of the territorial au-
thority. J would rather it were so, individually,
if they chose to establish it. The peace commis-
sion do not want that. They evidently do not
want to quarrel with the Territorial Legislatures
about the measure of legislation: but they declare
the right, and then say that this right shall be en-
forced in the Federal judiciary according to the
course of remedies and forms of the common law.
/ do not see how there can be e doubt; and yet,
as I have said, it seems to ire- that a great deal of
it is unnecessary verbiage. 1 do not"mean to de-
bate that; I am not one of the peace commission-
ers; I am not to select my words to express the
idea; but 1 am heie; and eiy o'at" svitli other
states, having appointed conunissiunei ,s m view
of a crisis [ike this, as they esteem it, and as I es-
^eemil,andth«-y having agreed upon a great variety ■
of propositions, some of which commend them-
selves to my judgment and some do not; but tak-
ing it altogether as one proposition, I am satisfied
that I must either vote for all of it, or let all of it
fall. I would rather vote for the proposition of
my honorable friend from Kentucky. I said that
sixty days ago; and I have said it in season and
out of season. I have expressed my views fre-
quently. I think the proposition of the commis-
sioners would bebettercxpressed,thoughit would
come to the same thing, in these words: "in all
the territory south of that line, it is hereby de-
clared that no law or regulation shall ever be made
or havo any effect denying or impairing the right
of the inhabitaifts to the service or labor of such
persons as were held in that condition in any
State of the Union, and thence taken into the said
Territory." That would have expressed my idea
more clearly, yet I am satisfied with this; it
amounts to that. Whether the word "status" be
good Latin or good English, the meaning is very
clear.
I believe I'admonished the Senate two hours
ago that time was very precious; and I shall not
detain them myself.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I mean to vote
for the passage of these proposed amendments,
just as they are, without any change; and I pro-
pose to give very briefly a few of the reasons I
which govern my judgment in that act. I will do
it as pointedly as 1 can, and I will certainly do' it
very briefly.
In the fust place, I feel that lam butsubiuiUing
to (he people of the whole country, amendment:;
which they,and they only, can ineorpoiate in the
present Constitution; and I do not believe that,
m any state of the case, T can do very wiong in
doing that; but when I consider the immediate
condition of the country, I feel that I am doing
very right. Twenty States assemble in what is
called tiie peace convention. They recommend
to us, in times of great trial and difficulty, the
passage of these resolutions. They are eminent
men; theyare able men; they are—very many of
them, at least—great men; they have been selected
by the States which they respectively represent,
because of their purity of chaiacter and ability.
The country is in great trouble. Six States ha\e
seceded; and I am told by very many men in
whom I have gieat confidence, that their States
j are to-day trembling in the balance. I believe it.
; 1 am told—and upon that subject I have not yet
made up my mind—that the adoption of these
measures by the people will heal the differences
, with the border States I do not believe that I
j can do wrong, therefore, in giving the people of
| the whole Union a chanec to determine these
J questions.
j _ In the beginning, I voted against the proposi-
t tions of the distinguished Senator from Kentucky.
Even then I did not perceive any great harm in
submitting any propositions to the~people of the
! United States which circumstances might appear
to render necessary for any good purpose. I rc-
i fused to vote for them, for two reasons: first, I
] believed something better might bo attained; and
j second, I did not believe that the people of the
! States would agree to them. I do net believe that
| now, and for one simple reason: I think I may
| consider myself in some respect a lepresentative
; °f the opinion as well as the power of niy own
1 people. I am a Republican, a zealous and determ-
1 ined one. I have nil my lite been of the opinion
! that Congress ought not to protect slavery, and
to extend the dominion of this Government for
that purpose or With that possibility*. A great
] many in the North, who are not Republicans,
! but .in' what v, e call Douglas men, lnive shuwn,
! at the last election, under something of trial and
sacrifice, that they too, do not believe that the
Constitution does or ought to extend slavery. I
; am not disposed to give up that opinion; I do not
believe they are. I was not disposed to give up
when six States were m the Union who are now
out, as they say: and I am not disposed to give it !
up yet. Independently of pride of opinion, I do :
not believe thatkmd of sacrifice would accomplish
any good lesult. '
These ate the reasons in brief which induce
111 ' to vote with regietagainst the ptopositions of j
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky in the ,
enilier portion of this see;.,.(in. But now, ue arc ,
within two clays ol adjoiniinyent. Proposit.ons
essentially variant in their character to those are i
submitted here; and I am asked: " Will you, in
your representative capacity, submit these to your
people for their decision, either to accept or re-
ject?" Now, why not? I need not dwell upon
the fact that, while we are a representative, we
are at the same time a democratic Government.
I will not shut my eyes to the fact that twenty
States appeal to us; I will not shut my eyes to
the fact that there is imminent danger of perma-
nent dissolution; I will not shut my eyes to the
fact that, though the Republican party is in a con-
stitutional majority, it is not yet, and it never has
been, in an actual majority; and I do not believe
that it is possible for one third of the people to
coerce the opinion of two thirds.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BAKER. Do, sir.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand him assay-
ing that the whole of the twenty States which
were assembled in this peace convention agreed
to this proposition.
Mr. BAKER. My distinguished friend was
writing, instead of listening, when he understood
that. I did not mean to say that, and I did not.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood the Senator
to say that twenty States appealed to us.
Mr. BAKER. Yes, sir; just as I say the Gov-
ernment appeals to another Government, 1 do not
say every individual in it; just as I say that Con-
gress appeals to another Government, not every
individual member of Congress; but I do say,in
the wuids of the proposition before us, that
" they," the peace convention, composed of tho
States recited, " have approved what is herewith
submitted, and respectfully request that your hon-
orable hotly will submit it to conventions ill the
States, as article thirteen of the amendments to
the Constitution of the United States." That is
all I said, or, at least, it is all I meant to say.
Now, sir, suppose every argument that the dis-
tinguished Senators from Virginia have brought
to bear on this proposition is true: what then?
Is that any leason why itshould not be submitted
to the people? Suppose they do not approve of
it.: what then? It is their business, not ours.
Suppose they should: it is a measure of peace, of
security, of union. Sir, I know,as you do, many
of the members of that contention. I have acted
with them as Whigs m old times, and I wish they
could come back. I know they have proved in
old tunes, as they will piove again, that they love
this Union to the very depth and core of their
lieaiis. I do not propose to give them up; I do
hot propose to weaken them; I do admuc, with
my whole heait, the sacnfice of opinion which
they make, and which is typified by the noble
expression of the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky to-day. Party or no party, North or no
North, I, at least, will meet linn half way. My
State is very far distant. She had no members in
that convention. I do not know whether she will
approve this measure; but I know it will neither
hurt that State nor me to give her a chance to de-
termine. I know very well that the Senators from
Viigiina do not approve it. That is the very lea-
son I do. [Laughter.] If I was sure they would
not think me guilty of disrespect, I would remind
them of what was said by a distinguished man in
old times. Phoeion, in the last days of his Re-
public—and I hope in that respect, at least, there
will be no parallel—Phoeion was once making a
speech to the. Athenian people, and somethmghe
said excited very great applause. He turned
aiound to gentlemen, friends near him,and said:
"What foolish thing have I been saying, that
these people praise me ?" Sir, if Virginia, repre-
sented as she is to-day—notas 1 believe she really
is—but if Virginia, represented as she is here to-
day, and as she has been during this session,
were to approve this proposition, I should doubt
them very much indeed. %
I was surprised, however, to hear some tilings
that the distinguished Senator from Virginia—I
do not know whether to call him junior or senior
—said. I do not mean the Senator who spoke
last. He [Mr. Huxtf.r] rays that this proposition
here is worse than the old Constitution If that bo
leally so, what in the world has he been complain-
ing of so bitterly? He tells us, now, that under
the old Constitution slavery was secure. Then,
why do you grumble ? lie considers i' as secure,
not only wherever it is, but wherever it can go.—
nay, more than that; wherever the stais'and
