854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
v
ii
jittllje Jjxojn the .ordinary courtesy on the part of'
lis owii political friends. They can do as they
like with regard to him; but I suggest that it is
hardly worth while to vary from the ordinary
course,and that which hasheretofore been deemed
the proper and formal one in addressing commu-
nfcafions o"f this "sort from this body.
But, sir, there is one suggestion which I wish
to make, and I rose for the purpose of doing so.
When the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] introduced a resolution some
days, perhaps some weeks, since, making certain
inquiries with reference to the forts in Charleston
harbor, and addressed, if I recollcct properly, to
the President, the Senator from Mississippi, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
objected to the passage of the resolution, on the
ground that it was an improper interference with
an executive matter; and he went on at length to
state that he objected entirely—unless there was
strong ground of suspicion that something was
being done that was very injurious to the public
interests—that we, who were a legislative body,
should undertake to interfere with the details of
military arrangements. That was a single in-
quiry as to what had been done in a particular
case, and addressed in the most respectful manner
to the Chief Magistrate; and the objection made
—though perhaps a technical one, but unques-
tionably on sufficient grounds; grounds satisfac-
tory to the mind of the Senator who-made it—was,
that it was an improper interference with the
province of the Executive, especially in the direc- ■
tion of the military arm, that all those matters
depended for their effect, in a very great degree,
upon secrecy, and it might be entirely improper
for us*to be making inquiries about them—1 do
not know that he said it, but of course he meant
it—unless in those cases where we might suppose
there was danger to the country.
Now, sir, here comes a resolution—not direct-
ed to the President—not left to his discretion,
but directed to a subordinate officer, inclining
minutely into the details of all the military proceed-
ings which have been adopted for certainly a num-
ber of weeks since this session commenced, and
asking that they be made public and laid before the
Senate. The objection certainly which was made
by the Senator from Mississippi to the single in-
quiry, to a mere request to the President, if ten-
able at all—and gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber acted upon it—is certainly pertinent
and strong when directed to an order mandatory
in' its character, and covering the whole ground
of the military proceedings of the President and
tho military department in relation to all matters
now involved.
1 shall make no sort of objection to the passage
of this resolution if put in its proper place; but the
Senator and the Senate will perceive that nothing
is gained by changing the ordinary course of
proceedings; for we have as a body, as a Senate
simply, no control over the Secretary of War.
Wc cannot compel him to make the communi-
cation if the President thinks it not advisable;
or otherwise, in my judgment, he is not subject
to this body alone under any circumstances, and
therefore nothing in the world can be gained by
the proposed mode of proceeding.
ADMISSION 01' KANSAS.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the Chair
at tins hour to announce the special order, being
the resolution of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
HtlNTKR,} which was made the special order for
this day at one o'clock, on which the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. The older order of the day
is the biil for the admission of Kansas; and that
has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermontis right. The bill for the admission
of Kansas mto the Union has precedence. The
other order oniy lay on the table. The bill (H.
R. No. 23) for the admission of Kansas into the
Union was made the special order for this day at
one o 'clock; and being the older order, is prior to
the resolution of the Senator from Viiginia, on
which the Senator from Missouri has the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER I desire that proceedings
eliall be taken on the bill. J have already pre-
sented my vi"ws in relation to it; and I desire
that it may now be taken up and considered;
indeed it ia lip.
Mr. PUGH. I understand the other resolution
to be the unfinished business of the last adjourn-
ment; and if so, it haspreccdence, and the Senator
from Missouri is clearly entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business is the motion to print the message of the
President of the United States on the present dis-
turbed state of the country. That is the unfinished
business of Saturday.
Mr. PUGH. I understand that the Senator
from Missouri claimed the floor on that, and gave
notice that he would speak to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
of the Senator from Virginia was the resolution
which was made the special order for to-day at
one o'clock, and itwas on that resolution that the
Senator from Missouri was entitled to the floor.
The bill for the admission of Kansas into the
Union is an older special order, made the special
order for to-day at one o'clock; and under the
rules of the Senate, where there are several spe-
cial orders, the older order is the one which has
priority. That bill, therefore, is the business
now before the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I believe the order of business
has been correctly stated by the Chair. I would
prefer to submit to the Senate the remarks which
I propose to address to the body, upon the order
that was made specially for to-day, and which
the Chair first called up; but if the Senate shall
determine otherwise, and determine to adhere to
the oldest spccial order—the one referred to by
the Senator from Vermont—I shall feel myself at
liberty to address the remarks that I may submit
to the Senate on that order; though I would pre-
fer that they should be submitted on the resolu-
tion that was on Friday made the special order
for to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to the
gentleman's course. I suppose he has a right to
deliver his remarks on what topic he pleases;
but this is a subject that has been passed over
several times, and I think the time has come when
it should receive action. I therefore desire, and
insist on it, that we proceed to act upon the bill
m preference to any other special order, until it
is finished.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill No.
23, for the admission of Kansas into the Union,
is before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. PUGH. I move to postpone all prior
orders, so as to take up the resolution on which
the Senator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Certainly, I have never known a Senator who had
prepared himself to speak, to have it refused that
he should take up the particular question on which
he desired to speak.
Mr. COLLAMER. He said ho would speak
on this bill.
Mr. PUGH. But he said he preferred to speak
upon the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, that the bill before the Senate, and all other
prior orders, be postponed, with a view to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution of the
Senator from Virginia, on which the Senator from
Missouri has the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I suggest that, in justice to the
Senator from Vermont, if the bill be postponed,
it should be fixed for a day certain.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no desire to post-
pone it at all; neither have 1 anydesne to prevent
the Senator from Missouri from making his re-
marks.
Mr. GREEN. They will be much more appro-
priate on the other question.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is not pre-
vented from making his remarks; nobody desires
to take the floor from him; but I desire to pre-
serve this special order; and if the motion is in-
sisted on, as I suppose it will be, by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, to postpone this bill, 1 call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 27; us follows:
YEAS—M'S-t.--. Benjamin. inyter, Brasrg, Bn<:ht, Ciing-
m.ui, Fitcii.CJieen, Hemphill, iltmtei. ivriaun. Johnson of
A'-kansas, Johnson ot Tennessee. Kennedy, Lane. Mason,
I'eaice, Polk, Powell, Pugh, ltice, Baulsbuiy, Sebastian,
Slidett, and Wigtat!—"24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, ftiiighani, Cameron,
Clmiidicr, Coliamer, Crittenden, flixon, Doolittie,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster. Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
King, Latham, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is yet
before the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will not take the floor upon the bill, as
has been suggested. The vote just given is the
most insulting breach of courtesy, m my judg-
ment, that has ever been given in the Senate—
utterly unworthy of the Senate; and I do trust
the Senator from Missouri will show a proper ap-
preciation of it by declining to take the floor.
Mr. POLK. I shall decline taking the floor on
the bill that has now, by the vote of the Senate
on a call of the yeas and nays, been held before
the Senate. I have no recollection of ever having
seen such a thing take place since I have been in
the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I hope my colleague will allow
me to make a suggestion. The motion just made
was to postpone indefinitely. It is now perfectly
competent to postpone to a day certain. As to-
morrow has been fixed for the consideration of
the Pacific railroad bill, I move to postpone the
bill now before the Senate until one o'clock on
Wednesday next, and make it the special order
foiji that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was out of the Senate
when the question was put that has just been
decided. I voted against postponing; but. I cer-
tainly did not vote against postponing with any
idea that I was practicing a discourtesy upon any
one; and, as the Senator from Louisiana has so
intimated, I should like to know what the state
of facts was. The question was being taken when
I came into the Senate, and I voted against post-
poning the proposition to take up the Kansas bill,
because I thought it important that that question
should be considered. I certainly am of that opin-
ion still; but, in casting that vote, I certainly did
not intend it as a discourtesy to the Senator from
Missouri in any way. I do not think the ques-
tion was understood ill that shape here around
ine. I certainly did not understand it so.
Mr. LATHAM. I voted to continue the con-
sideration of the bill to admit Kansas; because I
understood the Senator from Missouri to state dis-
tinctly that he was perfectly willing to make his
speech on that bill. Therefore, I thought it was
a mere question of priority of business; and ac-
cordingly, I gave my vote to go on with the bill
to admit Kansas. Certainly, no discourtesy was
intended by me to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to state it was so under-
stood on this side of the Chamber; and under that
impression and assurance, we voted against the
postponement of the prior orders.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 think it is due to myself
to say what I stated before, that I desired to keep
this subject before the Senate; but we undeistood
the gentleman to announce that he would speak
on this bill. Nobody had any desire to prevent
him from making his speech-
Mr. POLK. I am very glad that the vote of
the Senate was on a misapprehension of the facts
as they were before the Senate, or rather of my
statement. I meant to be understood distinctly
that 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Missouri
will allow me, I will suggest that, if he prefers to
speak upon the resolutions upon which he took
the floor, by general consent we can take up those
resolutions, and let this Kansas bill be passed over
until lie has made his speech,and then we can go
on with the bill to admit Kansas. By general con-
sent that can be done. I make the motion that,
hy general consent, tho resolution of the Senator
from Virginia be taken txp, and this bill be in-
formally passed overuntil the Senator gets through
with his speech.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that.
Mr. GREEN. Tliat would be perfectly satis-
factory, I think; but I want to add one sugges-
tion in regard to this Kansas bill. 1 desire to have
the Kansas bill taken up at the proper time; but
I have a number of amendments to offer, and it
will devolve upon me to explain them in a few
words, and my health is such that I shall not be
able to do it to-day. If it is required of nie, how-
ever, I will try to do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is suggested
by the Senator from Massachusetts that the res-
