1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
stripes of the American Republic can float. I have
been telling rgy people that, as a Republican, for
a long while, and complaining- of the Dred Scott
decision-, but he says slavery is secured All the
complaint that the other Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] makes against the decision of the
courts in the free States weliave been in the habit
of making, and he now indorses, against the de-
cision of the Supreme Court, constituted other
than we wished it was. We have been in the
habit of believing that one of the great evils we
complained of was under the old Constitution,
and that a new construction was given to it, alien
to the intention, wish, construction, of our fathers;
and we have complained that the Supreme Court
was so constituted that it could not be reversed.
We complained, as partisans, that now this Sen-
ate and the other House were so composed that
we had no power in the Government, save through
the President. Now, the Senator from Virginia
indorses the whole of it, and says they were very
well off, and did beautifully. Then why dissolve;
why threaten; why make a peace conference ne-
cessary ?
Mr. President, let us be just to these proposi-
tions. As a Republican,! give up something when
I vote for them; but remember, sir, I am not vot-
ing for them now; I am only voting to submit
them to my people; and I shall go before them,
when the time comes, being governed in my opin-
ion and advice as to whether they shall vote for
them ox not, as I sec that Virginia, Tennessee,
Kentucky, North Carolina, and Missouri, by their
people, desire. To be frank, sir; if this proposi-
tion will suit the border States, if there will be
peace and union, and loyalty and brotherhood,
with this, I will vote for it at the polls with all my
heart and with all my sou!; but if 1 see that the
counsels of the Senators from Virginia shall pre-
vail; if my noble friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] shall be overwhelmed; if secession shall
still grow in the public mmd there; if they are de-
termined, upon artificial causes of complaint, as
I believe, still to unite their fate, thnr destiny,
and their hope, with the extremest South, then,
perceiving them to be of no avail, I sholl refuse
them. Therefore, at#e polls at last, 1 shall be
governed as an individual citizen by my convic-
tion at the moment of what the ultimate result of
these propositions will be; but I am not voting
for that to-day. I am saying: "People of the
United States, I submit it to you; twenty States
demand it; the peace of the country requires it;
thereis dissolution in the very atmosphere; States
have gone off; others threaten; thcQ,ueen of Eng-
land upon her throne declares to the whole world
her sympathy with our unfortunate condition;
foreign Governments denote that there U dangoi
to-day that the greatest Confederation the world
lias ever seen is to bo parted in pieces, never to
be reunited." Now, not what I wish, not what
I want, not what I would have, but all that I can
get, is before me. I know that I do no harm. If
the people of Oregon do not like it, they can easily
reject it. If the people of Pennsylvania will not
have it, they can easily throw it aside. If they
do not believe there is danger of dissolution, if
they prefer dissolution, if they think they can
compel fifteen States to remain in or come back,
or if they believe they will not go out, let thum
reject it. 1 repeat again, it is their business, it is
not mine.
But, sir, whether 1 vote for it at the polls or not,
in voting for it here it may be said that i give up
some of my principles. Mr. President, we some-
times mistake our opinions for our principles. I
am appealed to often; it is said to me: " you be-
lieved m the Chicago platform.55 Suppose 1 did.
"Well, this varies from the Chicago platform.5'
Suppose it does. I stand to-day, as 1 believe, in
the presence of greater events than those which
attend the making of a President. I stand, as 1
believe, at least, in the presence of peace and war:
and if it were true that I did violate the Chicago
platform, the Chicago platform is not a Constitu-
tion of the United States to me. If events, if cir-
cumstances change, I will violate it, appealing to
my conscience, to my country, and to my God,
to justify me according to the motive. [Applause
in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) Order will be preserved in the gal-
leries, or they will be cleared.
Mr. BAKER. Again, sir; let us see how, as
a Republican, I give tip anything. First, suppose
I did: I would give up a great deal to preserve a
great Government; I would give up a great deal
to be able to shake hands with Kentucky and
Tennessee as friends for the rest of my life, as I
have in all that has gone before. I would not be
ashamed to give up. I would,not at last be giving
up to traitorous secession, such as Louisiana,
Mississippi, and South Carolina, are guilty of to-
day, but I would be giving up to loyal and affec-
tionate brethren, who implore me for the love of
a common Union to do something to satisfy the
doubts and fears of their people. I can stand that;
I will do it.
Again, sir; how much do I give up ? I have said,
as a Republican, that Congress has the power to
prohibit slavery in all the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. 1 believe it to-day. Talking about
giving up, there are a good many other people
that give up something here. Gentlemen on the
other side, who have been contending that Con-
gress had no power whatever to prohibit slavery,
acknowledge that they were mistaken; at any rate
they go for it; they do prohibit it by law, by the
Constitution itself. Therefore I am not the only
one that gives up.
Again: I believe it is wrong, politically wrong
—I am not now discussing the social and moral
question—but I believe it to be politically very
wrong to establish slavery in the name offreedom.
Sir, twelve years ago or more, it was my fortune,
perhaps, to wander in a foreign land beneath the
stars and stripes*of my country. 1 went there, as
I think, impelled by motives of patriotism, per-
haps having mingled with them not a little desire
of adventure, love of change, and that feverish
excitement for which we people of this country arc
always and everywhere remarkable; but 1 believe,
if I know myself, that I did suppose I was doing
something to repay the country for much that she
had doneYor me. Sir, often and again, wander-
ing sometimes beneath
Wheie Orizaba's purpled summit &!ione,*'
sour1 times by the dark pestilential liver that marks
the boundary between the two countries, often
and often have I wondered to myself whether I
was wandering and suffering there to spread sla-
very overall unwilling people. I am not sorry to
see that now that is rendered impossible. I am
not sorry to see that it is impossible, first, in the
course of events; but if it were not so, I know, if
these propositions shall pass, that the foul blotof
slavery never will be extended over one foot of
territory to bo stolen or conquered by the people
of the United States.
But I am asked, " What do you say about New
Mexico >" I will tell you 111 twenty words. 1 am
an older Republican than many of those I see
around me, who vote to-day differently from me;
not a better but an older. I voted in 1850, on the
floor of the other House, against the compromise
measures of that year. I did so, among other
le.isons, because 1 was not willing: that Utah and
New Mexico should become slave or free accord-
ing to the wishes of their people, believing as I
did then, (I have changed my opinion in some
respects since,) that that was not best for the
whole country. Contrary to my wishes, those
compromise measures prevailed. New Mexico
is nominally now, I believe, a slave Territory;
that is, to use the words of the distinguished Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Seward,] there are
some twenty slaves in the whole Ten itory. There
they may, they probably will, remain. I submit
to my people a proposition, that if they appiove it
as a compromise, as a concession, for peace for the
Unitui, as it happens that thnt little Territory m-
clud< s all that possibly can be slave territory, they
will let it alone till the people aie able and willing
to make then- own State'constitution. Tiiatisall.
Do 1 state it fairly : Does it go beyond th.Lt?_
First, I contend that 1 give up but little. I give
it up, as I understand, for purposes of freedom;
and the distinguished Senators from Virginia
agree with me.' They say, ill substance, that I
am setting a great deal more than I give; and I
confess, taking that view of the subject, at least
ill part, 1 wonder that a good many more of my
Republican filends do not go with me.
Again: it is said on the Republican side that we
protect slavery. In one sense we do, and in another
sense we do not. In the offensive idea to me and
to you of protecting slavery, I do 110 such thing,
and I would die nrst. When the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky were up the other
day, 1 voted for the amendment of the other Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] in order to
make them clear, to show what I was voting
against. I was unwilling that territory hereafter
to be acquired should be rendered slave territory;
and I put that proposition distinctly in it, in or-
der that when I voted against them, it might be
seen why and how I did it. As I have said, this
proposition renders that impossible. First, it re-
fers only to the territory we now possess; that
is, New Mexico alone. As for the territory north
of 3GO 30', I need not speak. We know that God
Almighty has registered a decree in Heaven that
that shall never be slave. We, on our part, want
no Wilmot proviso there; we all agree that we'
are willing to let it alone. South, there is but the
barren Territory of New Mexico. Beyond that, /
who knows? If wo are to acquire it, we are to
acquire it by this proposition, by the assent of a
majority of the States of both sections and two
thirds of the whole; and I do not know a man
living who believes that with that proposition in-
corporated-in the Constitution, slavery is proba-
ble, or even -possible.
. Therefore, Mr. President, I agree that in the
compromise I, as a Republican, do give up to that
extent, and no more, what I have said; but doing
that, 1 believe that I consecrate all the Territory
between here and Cape Horn to freedom, with
all its blessings, forever and forever.
So far, sii, as the discussion as to the meaning
of this phrascabout thecommon lawis concerned,
I do not care to indulge in it, and for this simple
reason: first, according to the legal view of the
Senator from Ohio, everybody knows that this
expression, " the course of the common law,"
means the duly established forms of procedure
known to the courts; that is all. In the next place,
1 am not afraid of the common law. I have been
reared under it. With all its imperfections, and
they are many, I love it. While it may be an
objection to Virginia to quote it, to me it is full of
guardianship and blessing. I do not stop to talk
about the Somcrsett case^ nor the decision in Sal-
keld, nor the Modern Reports. It is enough for
me that I know, taking the whole proposition
together, that slavery is impossible beyond where
it now is, and, as a Republican, I can justify
myself to my conscience in giving that vote.
Mr. President, I add very few more words. I
should have been excessively pleased, as a par-
tisan and a man, if the inauguration of Mr. Lin-
coln could be one at which all the States would
attend with the old good feeling, and with the old
good humor. I have seen six States separate
themselves, as they say, from us, and form a new
confederacy, with great pain and greater surprise.
I cannot shut my eyes, if I would, to the existing
state of things. I listen to the warning of my
friend from Kentucky. I listen to the warning
of my friend from Tennessee. I have been in
both States. I know something of their people.
I believe that there, even there, the Union is in
danger; and I believe if we break up here with-
out some attempt to reconcile them to us, and us
to them, many of the predictions Of friends and
foes as to the danger will be accomplished. 1
said, in the earlier part of the session—I repeat
it—I would yield nothing to secession. When
the Representatives from South Carolina and Mis-
sissippi and Alabama and Louisiana came here
invoking war, telling us that if we did not yield
to them they would secede, they would confed-
eiatewithfoieign Governments, they would break
this Union, they would hold us as aliens and
strangers and enemies, I believed then,as! believe
now, that that was too dear a price to pay even
for Union and peace; but to-day tile case is al-
tered. Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, reiterate
their love for the Union. They tell us in unmis-
takable terms that they desire to remain; and in
every county, nay, in every township of those
States, we have staunch and true and ardent
friends who would be willing to seal their devo-
tion to this Union with their blood. It is they
to whose appeal I would listen ft is from them
that I would take counsel and advice; and when
they tell me, "pass these resolutions; they are
resolutions of peace; submit them to your peo--
ple: listen to what ours say in reply; lfitappeius
to you at the polls that these resolutions will pro-
duce peace, restore union, create or renew frater-
nal, kindly feeling, pass them; let us settle this
