THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
"Why, Mr. President, our Government lias just
advertised for a loan of $5,000,000, and she could
only get half of it bid for; nor even that except
at usurious rates of interest, running up to the ex-
treme of thirty-six per centum per annum. Fail-
ures and bankruptcies, stagnation and embarrass-
ment every where and among all classes. Business
languishing; trade crippled; commerce curtailed;
industry paralyzed; artisans and mechanics idle
&r the want of employment; factories stopped
8 d operatives discharged; suffering among the
laboring poor; and families without necessaries
even now, and want, and perhaps starvation, just
before them in the future; and this glorious fabric
of our Union even now tottering to its fall. Four
of the pillars that sustained the towering edifice
arc already removed; and among them, one of
the original thirteen upon which it first reposed,
isix others are on the poin%; of being removed:
soon to be followed, it may be, by half of the res-
idue, including among the slaveliolding States tJre
first and the last to come into the Union.
Mr. President, the circumstances which sur-
round us are enough to force us to pause and to
ponder. And if we do so, we shall perceive the
cold shadow of events still more startling coming
upon us in the future. Even now a vision of civil
war begins to rise up before us; but we are not
yet able to discern the form thereof.
Sir, I feel, for cfne, that we are in the midst of
a crisis unprecedented in our history. It may be
the very crisis of our country's fate.
Some affect to ignore it all; as, for instance, the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wadf.,] who first ad-
dressed the Senate.
Some, again, try to argue against it. That is
the wisdom of the ostrich, which thinks to escape
his pursuers by hiding his head in the sand.
Others still strive to allay apprehension. " Be
still," they say; "there is 110 sufficient cause for
danger." Grant it; and the danger is not thereby
removed. Whatconcerns us, and what we ought
to be concerned about, is the magnitude of the
evil. It matters not how trifling and insignificant
the cause. A 'verysmall leak will sink a hne-of-
battle ship; and when the noble craft has gone
down forever, it will not relieve the disaster to
point out the smallness of the cause. You may
tell mo never so eloquently how she was able to
battle with the storm-king on his own element,
and to vanquish him; but the fact still remains
that the gnawings of an insect has sunk her into
the abyss. The American Revolution, says Mr.
Webster, was fought on a preamble. Is it not
wiser and better to admit the truth, and look the
■ danger full in the face' Then we may hope to
prevent, or at least to avoid it.
" The prudent mail forescetli the evil, and Ilidelh him-
self; but the fool passeth on, and is punished."
But there are causes, Mr. Px-esident, for the
perilous condition of affairs which is upon us. I
know Senators say, "state your grievances; draw
up your hill of indictment; implying that there
arc no grievances, and that no bill of indictment
can be drawn up. They are in error. They
say, " you complain of the Government; and yet
the Government has been, for most of the time,
in the hands of the Democratic party." Here
they are in error again. The complaint is not
against the Government. To assume that it is,
is a great mistake. To be sure, the action of the
Government affecting the institution of slavery
has been prejudicial to the South, and violative
of its constitutional rights.
That was the case when the admission of my
own State was resisted,and the Missouri restric-
tion was enacted into a law. The South has
borne the weight of that unconstitutional restric-
tion for more than a quarter of a century. But
she did riot complain, because itwas the work in
part of southern men.
That was the case again in the passage of the
Oregon territorial bill. President Polk, a south-
ern man, deprecated the blow aimed against the
rights of the citizens of the slaveliolding States
by that bill as unjust and unequal. Yet, yield-
ing to what he deemed the spirit of the Missouri
compromise, he signed it. He signed it, be-
cause Oregon was north of the compromise line
of SCO 30'.
Tliat, still again, was the case in the admission
of California. California did not lie north of 36°
30'; and her constitution did not tolerate slavery;
and yet she was admitted into the Unien, in viola-
tion of the spirit of the Missouri compromise.
Moreover, the admission of California destroyed
the equilibrium in the Senate between the slave-
holding and the non-slaveholding States forever,
and put the South at the mercy of the North.
But the complaint, I repeat, is not against the
Government, j t is against the action of certain
States, and of the people of those States—States
which are the parties to the constitutional com-
pact, on which rests the Union of which they and
their southern sisters are alike members.
They reap special advantages from the Union,
in the protection it gives to their manufacturing
industry; in the bounties it lavishes upon their
fishing interests; in the discriminations it imposes
in favor of their commerce; in the millions of ex-
penditures it pours annually into their lap; and
they cry very loudly for its preservation, while,
at the very same time, they are violating the Con-
stitution which supports the Union. They vio-
late the compact on their part, and insist that
their southern confederates shall be required, nay,
coerced by force and by war, to keep it on their
part; as if, in the language of Mr. Webster, " a
compact bioken on one side was not broken on all
sides." They pass their personal liberty bills—
there are some exceptions; I single them out, and
honor them—bills in the very teeth of the Con-
stitution, in contempt of it, and intended to de-
prive their southern brethren of their undoubted
rights under the Constitution.
"These bills not only do wrong and injury to
their southern brethren, but they intensify the
wrong by adding insult to the injury. They are
passed in States where it has been admitted on
this floor a fugitive slave scarcelyever goes—not
one in forty years, according to the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Ccllamer.] A high-spirited peo-
ple may Lear wrong, but it is quite too much to
expect that they will bear with patience insult
added to the wrong; and this, too, from those
standing in the relation of friends and brethren.
"It was not an enemy that reproached me," says
the word of mspiiation; "then I could have borne
it; but it was thou, a man mine equal, my guide
and mine acquaintance."
The fugitive escapes. Is he delivered up iu obe-
dience to the command of the Constitution ? No,
sii; he is harbored and secreted and hastened on
his way. If the master is passing through the
State, is lie hid "God-speed" in the spirit of
friendship and fraternity ? On the contrary, his
slave, is enticed away by false promises, or is
ravished from him by force. Underground rail-
roads are established, stretching from the remotest
slaveliolding States clear up to Canada. Secret
agencies are put to work in the very midst of
our slaveliolding communities, to steal away the
slaves.
The constitutional obligation for the rendition
of the fugitive from service is violated. The laws
of Congress enacted to carry this provision of the
Constitution into effect are not executed. Their
execution is prevented. Prevented, first, by hos-
tile and unconstitutional State legislation. Sec-
ondly, by a vitiated public sentiment. Thirdly,
by tne concealing of the slave, so that the United
States law cannot be made to reach him. And when
the runaway is arrested under the fugitive slave
law—which, however, is seldom the case—he is
very often rescued. It is said that, in such case,
when suits are brought against the rescuers,
courts and juries will enforce the laws against
them. But all this is accompanied by delay and
vexation, and the most serious expenses—far ex-
ceeding the value of the slave. And even when
judgment is obtained, it is, in many cases, value-
"less, for nothing can be made on the execution.
The rescuers are either worthless negroes or
equally insolvent white men. But worse than all,
these rescues arealways accompanied by violence,
and consequently by the most imminent peril to
the master. They aie effected by mobs of ex-
cited and fanatical white men and reckless black
men, themselves runaway slaves.
Sir, I know gentlemen of my own State who
have slaves in a northern city, worth thousands of
dollars, who prefer to bear the loss of them rather
than jeopardize their lives in attempting to recover
them. The very ease to which the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] alluded is a strong
illustration. The slave was rescued by a mob,
and the life of his master—whom I know well—
was put in imminent peril. He has never reeov-
ered his slave; he has never recovered a dollar of
his value, although he has spent more than his
value in the endeavor. He has recovered judg-
ment, and incurred costs, and that is all. And in this
very case the supreme court of Wisconsin com-
mitted the judicial outrage of deciding the fugitive
sla e law unconstitutional. And even yet the
fruitless litigation is not ended. This lawlessness
is felt with special seriousness in the border slave.
States. The underground railroads start mostly
from these States. Hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars are lost annually. And no State loses more
heavily than my own. Kentucky, it is estimated,
loses annually as much as $200,000. The other
border States, no doubt, lose in the same ratio.
Missouri much more.
But all these losses and outrages, all this disre-
gard of constitutional obligation and social duty,
are as nothing in their bearing upon the Union,
in comparison with the animus, the intent and
purpose, of which they are at once the fruit and
thecvidence. Theydemonstratethattheauthority
of the Constitution has ceased to be respected at the
North. That instead of fraternal feelings—instead
of the good faith which ought to subsist between
confederates—there are animosity and bad faith.
And it is rendered worse still by the consideration
that itwas not so in the earlier and better days of
the Republic. Then there were loyalty to the
Constitution and kindness towards the South.
These are now changed, it is to be feared, into
disloyalty and hatred. If so, how remorseless is
that hatred?
" Earth liath no hate like love to malice turned,
Nor hell a demon like a bi other seorned."
Is this a gloomy and portentous picture ? I fear
it is not equal to tlie^ad reality. A worse picture
is yet to be added.
These sentiments have become the animating
spirit of a political party. They have found ex-
pression in its platform of principles; they have
nominated candidates for the Presidency and Viee
Presidency; and they have elected them by a strict-
ly sectional vote. '
The candidate just elected to the Presidency
was the first man of his party to enunciate
the dogma that there is an irrepressible conflict
between the slaveliolding and non-slaveholding
States. This house of the Constitution, made
by our fathers, and which they supposed, by being
divided into many apartments, was thereby ren-
dered more commodious for a harmonious family
of numerous and happy States; this Union, we
have been told, is a house divided against itself.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] not long
since, showed, beyond cavil, that Mr. Lincoln,
in uttering that sentiment, had reference to slavery
in the States; not merely in the Territories, but
also and especially in the States.
Moreover, Mr. Lincoln has announced the dan-
gerous dogma that, in point of political rights,
the negro is tho equal of the white man. In a
spceeh made by him at Springfield, Illinois, on
the 17th of July, 1858, he said:
'• 1 adhere to the Declaration of Independence. If Jtuige
Douglas and his triends aie not willing to stand by it, let
them come up and amend it. Let them make it read that
all men aie created equal, except negroes.-'
Again:
" My declarations upon tins subject may be misrepre-
sented, but cannot be misundeistood. I have said that 1 do
not understand the Declaration to mean that alt men were
created equal in all respects. They are not equal in eolor;
but t suppose that it does mean todeclaie that all men are
equal in "(imp respeets; they are equal in their ri ht to' life,
libeiiy, and the puisuit of happiness.' Certainly, the negro
is not our equal m color—peihaps not in many other le-
tpeets : still, in the right to put in his mouth the bread his
own hands have earned, he is the equal of every other man,
white or black.*'
This needs no comment; its meaning is plain
and unequivocal. I now beg to call the attention
of the Senate for a moment only to the platform
upon which Mr. Lincoln secured his election.
Considering the history and antecedents of this
party, no man can doubt that the following por-
tion of the second resolution was intended to be
applied to negro slaves:
"We solemnly reasseit the self-evident truths that ali
are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable lights,
among which aie those of life, liberty, and the pursuit ol
happiness; that governments are instituted among men to
seeuie the enjoyment of these rights."
And that it denies that there can be any right
of property in slaves, is clearly shown in the fifth
resolution, in whi'sh it is declared that the pres-
