1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
question, and be one people," I agree; with all
my heart, I will do it.
Now, as I close, let me ask what evil; who will
be hurt? Suppose, when I get home, 1 find that
the Senators from Virginia are on the stump and
they are convincing their people that they are a
great deal worse off; the more they convince
Virginia that she is worse off, the more Penn-
sylvania and New York will be convinced that
they are better off; and every argument they make
against it in Virginia will have a twofold weight
north and west. I could not make half as good
a speech in favor of these propositions of Union,
even in Oregon, or California, or Illinois—I speak
of the States I know best—as I should make if I
were to read their objections to these propositions.
But suppose—which I do not think possible—
they could succeed, not only in Virginia, (which
I do not believe,) but in Kentucky and Tennessee;
suppose they were to swear, by the throne of
God, they .would not take them, but would dis-
solve and go off whether we passed them or not:
we could very easily refuse to vote for them and
be in as good a condition as we are to-day, and,
in the mean time, next Monday, Mr. Lincoln will
be inaugurated. I desire to see aroundliim throng-
ing, nay forming the procession, every augury of
hope and peace. I expect to hear from his lips
words of manly trust arid confidence in the Union,
and of concession, kindness to all its constituent
parts. I have hoped that, in response to what lie
shall say, I shall hear from every part of what is
now acknowledged everywhere yet as our Con-
federacy, a perpetual hymn of hope and praise
rising from all parts of the Union; and, above all
things else, I have -hope and trust in time and
patience. Therefore it is that I shall do no harm.
I know that there are very excited feelings upon
this subject North and South. I understand that
Massachusetts, an honored State—let me say, to
qualify what 1 am going to say, first, that I be-
lieve that Massachusetts is the pattern of a com-
munity in the world; as well represented here as
any State can be; representing herself better than
anybody else can doit for her—I know that there
are excited feelings in Massachusetts, and 1 think
she has good cause. The act that more than any
other else, perhaps, leads to this proposition of a
peace convention—that " Congress shall provide
by law for securing to the citizens of each State
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
si'veral States"—was an act which Iabhoredand
condemned from the beginning, and which 1 am
not sorry to perceive that Massachusetts remem-
bers now. Many gentlemen on the floor know
to what I allude. On the other hand, South Car-
olina and Louisiana are ferocious for disunion;
and I am afraid that their young men do want
war. There is not excitementenough on the plan-
tation and the farm, and in the streets of the towns;
but they really want contest, excitement, and
bloodshed. What they want 1 do not; I am.try-
ing to keep from it. i do not apprehend, there-
fore, that the sentiments which 1 have expressed
here to-day will meet the approbation of the ex-
treme men upon either side. I have no doubt my
lepublicanism .may be doubted. I think I can
see in the look of my friend on my left now [Mr.
King] that he has various convictions that 1 am
vt;ry far from being sound in the faith. [Laugh-
ter.] Sir, it may be. I come from the midst of
a people not directly concerned in this contro-
versy; a population about half northern, half
southern. We have intermarried together. Our
interests, our fears, our hopes, our recollections,
are mingled north and south; and I believe I am
expressing their opinions—w1ik.1i perhaps form
niy own—when I say that 1 can s>'e no possible
haim to anybody anywhere in submitting these J
propositions to tiie people, who are, and ought j
to be, sovereign. !
Besides,sir, what else can I dor As I sit down, |
let me ask Senators upon every side, what else j
can any of us do? Shall we sit here for three j
months, when petition, resolution, public meeting, j
speech, acclamation, tumult, is heard, seen, and i
felt on every side, and do nothing? Shall State |
.after State go out, and not warn us of danger? ,
fthall Senatoi s and Representatives, patriotic, elo- 1
quent, venerable, tell us, again and again, of dan- ■
ger in their States, and we condescend to make no
reply? ]
Sir, there is other business to he done here be- j,
sides the mere ordinary business of the Govern- ji
ment; besides the voting of supplies, and the rais-
ing of means by which to buy them. We have
questions here to-day, as I believe, of peace and
war, and I have waited long to see some mode of
their solution. I repeat, I go for this proposition,
and agree to submit it to the vote of the people,
not because I believe it the best that can be done.
I believe, however that, to-day being two days
from the close of this session, it is all I can do.
When my people ask me, on my return, "Sir,
have not States gone out?" I will say, "Yes."
" Do not more threaten, it?" if that is the word,
(I trust it is not the best one,) I say, "Yes."
They say, " Sir, do you believe they will do it?"
"On my honor and on my conscience," I say,
" if something is not done, yes." They then ask,
" What have you done?" Mr. President, what
have we done ? I believe that is the question the
country will ask of us; and I, for one, will vote
for this proposition, that I may be able to respond.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I regard the
consideration of this question as one of the most
important which has ever been presented to the
Senate since I have been a member of it. The
Union is in danger; the fate of the country is at
stake; and whatever the Senate or the House of
Representatives or Congress combined can do,
ought to be done to save the country. I have
very little faith or hope, and I would express the
reason why. But as little as there is, I will cling
to the last remaining straw, and sink with it
grasped fast in my hands, if 1 have no other re-
source. This country is of too much importance
to me, to my family, to my friends, to my State,
to my associates everywhere, to give tip without
a struggle. That struggle may prove to be fruit-
less; it may prove to be unavailing. The taunts
and jeers thrown out are calculated to stir up ire'
and ill-feeling; I shall pass them by with disre-
gard. 3 choose to sacrifice my feelings, and to
make myself a burnt-offering on the altar, if I
can do anything to save the country.
What then shall we do? These propositions,
presented by what is called the peace conference,
are not to be compared to the propositions of the
Senator from Kentucky; and I will not vote for
a single one of them, while I will vote for his.
They amount to a sacrifice of my honor, and a
destruction of the rights of my State. I am per-
mitted to say that the representatives from my
State in the peace conference condemned them all,
while they are willing to go for the proposition
! of the Senator Kentucky. We cannot stand by
this, and we will nut.
Let us not deceive each other; letus not under-
take to practice a system of deception which will
sound pleasant to the ear, but will be hitter to the
taste. I will not do it. Here is a positive pro-
hibition of slavery north of 3G° 30', and then a
doubtful question whether it is recognized south
of 36° 30'. The Senator from Kentucky thinks
it is; but I will not act upon a doubt. We have
had too many doubts heretofore, and out of those
doubts have grown many difficulties. I shall never
permit, so far as my action is concerned,another
question of doubt.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
j allow me to interrupt him? Did he understand
\ mo as admitting thatit was a doubtful recognition
of slavery ?
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. I said expressly that
the Senator from Kentucky contended that it did
amount to a recognition, but others denied it, and
that made it a question of doubt. I will not mis-
represent anybody if 1 know it. Now, sir, I will
not act upon a question which admits of doubt.
We have passed along in our carcer for so many
years that we have arrived at a point when we
must understand each other distinctly and une-
1 quivoeally, and I will not leave a single point open
j to equivocation. It must be expressly settled, and
settled not only in express words, not only m un-
I mistakable language; but 1 go further than that;
| it must emanate from the hearts of a people dis-
' posed to stand by it; and if they will not stand by
it, I will not associate with them.
I I want to preserve this Union; I want to main-
1 tain the constitutional rights of all classes, north
and south; but to give me a mere written guar-
1 antec on parchment, and file it in the office of the
Secretary of Stato4 with a predetermination in the
hearts and mindsof the northern people inculcated
and instructed to violate it, I cannot live with, and j
1 will not. I would rather go where I naturally j
belong, with southern men; but if the true-hearted,
the patriotic, and the honorable portion of the
North will reverse this inculcated Spirit of hos-
tility to southern institutions, and bring them up
to the mark where they will recognize constitu-
tional guarantees, then I say, 14 Hail, thou my
brother, we can go together;" but never till that
comes to pass. We have approached that period
in our country's history when there should be no
cheating or attempt to cheat. We must under-
stand each other, and make a permanent, lasting
Union, or a permanent, lasting, peaceful separa-
tion.
This proposition presented by the peace con-
ference, as it is callea, I think the merest twaddle
—and I use the term with entire respect to the
members—the merest twaddle that ever was pre-
sented to a thinking people. The proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky has some sgnse in it.
If he chooses to desert his own, 1 shall not com-
plain of him; for I know that Warm, patriotic im-
pulses move him iri all his action; but I cannot
accept the other, and I shall vote against every
one of its provisions. When it is said to me that
the territory south of 36° 30' has adopted slavery
—that New Mexico has—I must reply to Sen-
ators that they misunderstand the law. New
Mexico has never adopted slavery. New Mexico
has done this: she has provided remedies for re-
dress of wrongs, including wrongs affecting slave
property; but she has never established slavery;
nor has Utah. Utah has neve^ even recognized
it by implication. Utah passed a law of this char-
acter: apprentices bound to service for a period of
years may be held there; but when their servitude
has expired, according to their articles of appren-'
ticeship, they are free; so that the law oi Utah
absolutely, if it has any effect, prohibits slavery.
Senators overlook these facts. I take the broad
and the bold and the unmistakable ground, not
that the Constitution establishes slavery any-
where, but that the Constitution, extending over
a Territory, will protect me in all my rights not
prohibited by a local competent authority; that
my rights are to take any property which I own
in any part of the Union, Yankee clocks from the
North, polar bears from t&p Rocky Mountains,
mules from the middle States,-and slaves from the
South; and that, unless there is a competent local
authority to prohibit my rights in these respective
classes of property, I am to be protected. The
second step is that there can be no local authority
as long as the territorial condition remains, com-
petent to prohibit slavery in any Territory.
These are my positions; and hence, so far from
this extraordinary position that slavery is local
being true, the reverse is true. It may be local in
the United States, but so far from its being local
to the Territory in the United States, the reverse
is true. Talk about freedom being national, and
slavery local! Who made slavery local? Who
made freedom national? For when you speak of
freedom, you mean the absence of slavery, you
mean the absence of African slavery. Who made
it so? When the original Government was formed,
every State in it had slaves. Even Massachu-
setts, though she had provided by a decision of
her court for its extinguishment, still had slaves.
Now I want Senators to reflect on the point, how
it is possible to suppose for an instant, that in the
institution of a great confederation of States, they
would sanction a principle which would make one
species of property that was common to every
State in the Union local to one or more States
alone, when they had provided at the same time
that all the rights, privileges, and immunities of
citizenship, should be common to all the citizens
of all the States. When I undertake to travel
from my home to Washington, and pass through
Pittsburg, a mob gathers to rescue and take from
me my slave. They are doing it in violation of
the Constitution. I have a right to pass through
Pennsylvania, and my right of transit is as per-
fect this day as it was when Pennsylvania was a
slave State.
What Senator here can leave his home and bring
his servant with him, and pass through a free Statu
m safety? Not one. What Senator here who ig
summoned by the S'jrgonnt-nt-Arms, and may be
coerced to come, can come and bring his sick wife
and his sick child and his necessary servant, and
come in safety? If this thing cannot be corrected,
we ought to divide; we ought to separate. We
cannot take the nearest route; we must take the
