THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
concord with both its provisions and spirit. Ac-
cording to the opinion of the Supreme Court of
the United States—the appropriate and the ap-
pointed tribunal for the arbitrament of such ques-
tions—the tribunal of last resort—they are guar-
antied by the Constitution,as it was made by our
fathers.
Thirdly. The Republican party has brought
about the condition of things which has made
such concessions necessary, and that same party
ought to he ready to grant the concessions which
are needed in order to remedy these evils. If they
have done wrong, or inflicted injury, both justice
and magnanimity require that they should make
prompt and full reparation. In this, at least, you
will receive the hearty and cordial cooperation of
the Democracy of the North. The northern De-
mocracy have always been willing to sustain the
Constitution according to its true construction, and
so as to secure to the citizens of the slaveholding
States their just and equal rights.
Fourthly. You of the Republican party alone
have the power to heal the dissensions which are
dissolving the Union. The South cannot do it.
The political power, adequate to the task, has
passed out of their hands into yours. The north-
ern Democracy are also unable to accomplish it.
• They can only aid you. *
Fifthly. The northern States constitute the more
populous and the more powerful section. Con-
sequently you incur no danger by making the
concessions.
Sixthly. You are the victorious and the domi-
nant party, and you ought not to be willing to
abuse your power to the oppression of the van-
quished "and weaker section. Nay, more; stand-
ing inaposition where a want of generosity would
be a reproach, you ought ever to be prompt to
tender overtures.
And, lastly, the South asks no pecuniary ad-
vantage. She only demands safety. Can it be
refused ?
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittt.nden] has introduced
into the Senate a joint resolution, proposing a
number of articles as amendments to the Consti-
tution. In the main, these articles meet my ap-
probation. But I frankly confess I have objec-
tions to that 0110—the first of the scries—which
proposes to extend the "Missouri restriction"
line of 3G° 30' of north latitude, through the ter-
ritory of the United States, westwardly to Call-
s' fornia, excluding slavery north of the line, and
requiring that it shall be protected by the territo-
* rial government, in all its departments, south of
the line. And yet, sir, so anxious am I to re-
lieve the country, that I would consent to waive
my objections, and vote for the article, if peace
and harmony could be restored, and the Union be
f reserved. I would vote for the article, although
do not think it will do equal justice to the South.
The partition of the territory it proposes to make
is unequal and disproportionate, and for that rea-
son unjust. It gives by far the larger part of the
common territory to the North—at least four
fifths of it. It says, to be sure, that the States
that may bo admitted into the Union, formed in
this portion, shall come in with or without sla-
very, accordingly as their constitutions shall pro-
vide. But, sir, we all well know, that if the slave-
holder is never allowed to go there with his prop-
erty, no slaveholding State will ever be fouued
there. This portion of the territory, therefore,
which, as 1 have already said, is four times larger
than the other, is inevitably forever set apart for
free States.
But is the other portion, which is by far the
smaller one, secured to the slaveholding States?
By no means. For the non-slaveholder may settle
there as well as the slaveholder. And, sir, all the
northern portion being secured to the North, the
emigrant aid societies will be able to devote all
their means and energies to occupy the smaller
southern part. It will, of course, be much easier
to make the conqucstof the one fifth than it would
of the whole It may be accomplished in one
fifth of the time. This proposition, it seems to
me, gives them a more favorable opportunity even
than they now have without it, of accomplishing
the cherished object of surrounding the slave-
holding States with a cordon of hostile non-slave-
holdingones.as with a wall of fire, so as either to
smother the institution or to make it destroy itself;
the scorpion, as they say, surrounded by fire.
If I remember correctly the terms of the prop-
osition offered by the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Rice,] in regard to the Territories, I prefer
it to that of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden.] But I speak of the proposition of
the Senator from Minnesota only from recollec-
tion. I have it not before me.
Mr. President, I repeat, that, in my opinion,
the difficulties and dangers which are thickening
around us every hour can be dissipated but by
one course. Concessions must be made full and
certain, and that without delay. There is but
one other alternative left, and that is a dissolution
of our beloved Union.
And now, Senators of the Republican party, if
you are resolved to force this alternative, and
refuse everything else, all the slaveholding States
must, of necessity, make common cause—the bor-
der and more central ones with their sisters of
the southern extreme; and thus it will be the
secession, not of one State only, nor of the cotton
States merely; but of fifteen States. They have
common institutions and interests, common ties
and sympathies, and kindred blood.
I apprehend that some harbor the belief that
there is difference of opinion among the slave-
holding States, and that when the time comes,
there will be diiferenco of action. They imagine
that the border States will refuse to go with the
more southern ones. This, sir, I am sure, is a
great mistake. God grant it may not prove fatal.
My own State is a border slaveholding State.
She loves the Constitution which supports this
Union with an affection as ardent and as profound
as that of any of her confederated sisters. The
principles of that Constitution constitute the very
life-blood of her body-politic. They animate
and quicken her social system, and thrill and
vibrate through its every nerve and fiber. Her
gallant sons have always been proud " to march
under the flag and keep step to the music of
the Union." They have rushed to every battle-
field when the honor of the Union has been at
stake. And when, in our last war, Mexicans
were heeding the exhortation " to welcome Amer-
icans to Mexican soil with bloody hands to hos-
pitable graves," they were quick to accept the
bloody greeting. But if you are determined to
push and precipitate disunion upon the country,
though I am not authorized to speak for Mis-
souri, yet I do feel authorized to express my
belief that she will not hesitate to take her posi-
tion with the South. Her institutions, her inter-
ests, presentand prospective, her lineage, and the
manners and habits and sympathies of her peo-
ple, all "grapple her to the South with hooks of
steel."
The institution of slavery w-as planted upon
her soil when it was first purchased by Mr. Jef-
ferson from the First Consul of the French. Itis
there still, with the ancient inhabitants of the upper
Louisiana and their descendants. It has been
greatly augmented and strengthened by the Amer-
ican immigration. It constitutes the wealth of
her citizens, to the large extent of perhaps one
hundred million dollars. It contributes in a
large degree to the support of her agricultural
industry. It produces two of her great staples
almost exclusively—hemp and tobacco.
Mr. President, let it not be supposed that Mis-
souri will be deterred from taking her position
because she lias non-slaveholding States 011 her
borders, some of whose people may be hostile to
slavery.
Sir,she has already suffered deeply,grievously,
from this cause; suffered not only by the loss of
property, bat by the loss of the lives of her citi-
zens. No State has suffered more, none perhaps
so much. The underground railroad has been
vigorously operated against her". Abolition incur-
sions have been made into her territory, destroy-
ing both life and property. John Brown made
his first raids into Missouri. As recently as the
commencement of this very session of Congress,
she has been compelled to march a regiment of
her citizen soldiery to her southwestern border,
to protect her peaceful agriculturists against the
incursions for robbery and murder of Montgom-
ery and his band of " jayhawkers" and despera-
does. And at this very moment she has a patrol
of three companies of rangers and one of artillery
upon that border, in order to maintain her own
sovertignty upon her own soil.
Will she be worse off when those of the resi-
dents in the neighboring States who are the foea
ofher institutions and her peace shall be regarded
by her as such, than she has been, while they
were treated as friends ? In the changed posture of
affairs her citizens will be more vigilant and better
prepared. And vigilance and preparation are the
best guarantees of safety,
Mr. President, I am sorry to say that Missouri
seems to be the first of the slaveholding States
selected after Mr. Lincoln's election for abolition
attack. The New York Tribune, one of the most
prominent of the organs of the Abolitionists,
shortly after the late presidential election, con-
tained an article on that election. In that article
it descanted upon the results and bearings of the
election generally, and also especially in reference
to Missouri. It used the following language:
'* Deeply as we all rejoice on the general result of the
election, there is even greater reason for pleasure and hopt)
in the condition of tilings it thus reveals in Missouri.
'* Here, then, is a slave State entering upon a struggle to
rid heiself of'the greatest curse that can ever befall a peo-
ple. She needs our help. She needs the cncouiagemcnt
of tiie moral influence of the North on behalf of freedom.
She needs, above ail, that the tide of free emigration pour-
ing westward should, as far as possible, find homes upon
her soil, filis par! of the subject, especially, we commend
to the attention of ail parties who propose to seek for them-
selves new abodes in the great West."
But, sir, if disruption is to be forced upon us,
we can at least guard ourselves against incursions
of that sort.
Mr. President, I ought not to say, I will not
say, that Missouri would be better off in the event
of secession than she is no'w. But I may say that
I cannot see how she can be greatly worse off. But,
sir, I do not present before the Senate of the Uni-
ted States the reasons why Missourians, in case of
a division of the Confederacy into a northern and
southern one, willfix the desti ny of their State with
the South. These reasons are properly reserved
for another locality. Yet, Mr. President, I am
satisfied that the citizens of Missouri do not
desire to see the disruption of this Government.
It would rend the great heart-strings of the entire
State. She would submit to the most painful
catastrophe with feelings like those with which
an affectionate daughter would part forever from
her long-loved and deeply-venerated mother. Will
you not spare her the mournful separation.
Mr. President, I do not propose to argue the
right, under the Constitution, of separate State
secession. The controversy, in my opinion, has
progressed beyond that stage of it. Secession is
now already an accomplished fact. It has been
thrice repeated. To stop to argue its constitution-
ality is to lag behind the march of events. It
would be something like discussing the legality
of the judgment of a court, after its sentence had
been executed and the convict hanged.
Secession having actually taken place in four
States, and just on the point of taking place in at
least three others, we must now deal with its
consequences.
Following after secession, there comes upon us
a question of more momentous import; and that
is: has the Federal Government, by the Consti-
tution, the right to coerce a seceding State back
into the Union byforoe? In the emergency which
is upon us this is now a practical question; and
it is as momentous as it is urgent.
Gentlemen on the other side seem to me to
approach the subject under wrong impressions.
They seem to think that the States were made
for the Federal Government, and not the Federal
Government for the States. But the truth is, that
the Federal Government was made by the States
for the States.
Now suppose that Government becomes hos-
tile in its spirit and destructive in its action to the
yghts and institutions of the people of a portion
of the States: what then? Let the spirit which
dictated our Declaration of Independence answer.
On the other hand, suppose it fails to answer the
purpose of its creation, and instead of insuring
domestic tranquillity,destroysit: what then? Let
the example of the revolutionary fathers, in with-
drawing themselves and their States from the
Government of the old Confederation, answer.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] has said
that he will not stretch forth his hand to remove
the vail behind which stands the Atlas which
supports on his shoulders alone the firmament of
our federative system. But, sir, I have no such
aversion. I am willing to see the danger that lies
before us. If this Government is about torush into
