1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. LA.NE. I will say to the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky that X am ready to give my
views now; but upon condition that 1 do not lose
the floor for to-morrow, I yield to the Senator to
make a motion to adjourn. 1 am ready to go oti
now or at any time. ,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays if the Senate will
indulge me in submitting a motion that will take
but a moment.
Mr. LANE. I had tjie floor. 1 do not want
to be interrupted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Senator from Ore-
gon yielded the floor to my colleague when I was
struggling for it, and he makes an explanation one
way, and it is important I should make it the
other. I hope there will not be this arrangement.
If the Senator holds the floor for to-morrow, and
my colleague moves an adjournment to-night, it
cuts me off. I desire to make a motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 rise to a question of
order. I have made a motion to adjourn, and have
not withdrawn it; and, if my colleague makes a
speech, very likely I shall have to answer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn, the Chair would remind Senators, is not
debatable; and the Chair must put. the question on
the motion,'unless it is withdrawn.
Mr. LANE. I rise to make an inquiry. If
the Senate adjourns 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
must state to the Senator from Oregon that any
inquiry is now out of order.
Mr. LANE. I only intended to ask whethci
I would be entitled to the floor to-morrow.
Scveial Senators. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope we shall not adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we sliaHjiave a
vote on these propositions before an adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Mfsis. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dnollttk', Durkcc. Foot, GnmOb, H.Ue, Hailan, Kms,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wailo, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Jlayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
C'nttt'ii(k'i), Ilixon. Douglas, Fitch, Foster, Green, Gwm,
Hemphill, Nimtei, Joliu.ion of AtUansas. Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kenned}, Lane, Latham, Mason, NichoHon,
Peaice, Poll;. Powell, Push, Kiee, Sebastian, Sew.ud, Ten
JEyck, Thomson, and Wiglall—31
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I hope that I shall now be per-
mitted to proceed without interruption. Tins is
the last opportunity that I shall have to address
the Senate. Senators arc aware that 1 have de-
sired very much to do so for several days; but
being unwilling to interfere with legislative busi-
ness, I have put it oft' from time to time, until now
I have only one day left; and theiefore, before
commencing my remarks, I wish to state that I
will take it as a favor if 1 shall be jieimitted to
proceed without interruption.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oie^'ou will pause a moment to rcccivc a
message from the House of Representatives.
RICHARD CHENERY.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the bill of the Senate (No. 77)
for the relief of Richard Chenery.
Air BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Oregon
will allow me to submit a report from the com-
mittee of confeience on that bill.
Mr. LANE. Do 1 lose the floor by doing that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the Senator will not.
Mr. LANE. Then I yield.
Mr BIGLER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 77) for the
relief ot Richard Chenery, submitted the follow-
ing report:
Tije eomim'teij oi conference onttie disagreeing votes of
flic nvii llou'-i.:- oii the bill ({?. No 77) for the relief of
Kiehcirtl Cti";ierv. haying met, after full arid free eonfeience,
they have ;i-jreivi t<- lecommeml to then respective Uou.-es
tuliou :
That the Ftnu--«  do recede from its amendment to the ^aid
bill, disagreed to by the Senate, and that the ic.-pective
"louses concur m tiie said hill, u*;th the tollowxng amend-
ment
b;i ike outm line* eleven, twelve, and thirteen, the word*
" with interest at «i\ per centum per annum, from the com-
pletion of the work."
WILLIAM BIGLER,
H. WILSON,
MILTON S. LATHAM,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. N.H. SMITH,
JOHN O. BURGH,
JAMES BUFF1NT0N,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BIGLER. The House had amended the
Senate bill by striking out the interest on the
amount. The Senate committee agreed to that
amendment. The House had stricken out the
restriction of the Senate upon the amount, which
was $3,030, and put in a restriction in reference
to the character of the work. These are the only
two amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask action on the report now?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir.
The report was concurred in.
\ STATE OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. DOUGLiVS. I ask the consont of the Sen-
ator from Oregon to allow me to move to take up
a joint resolution from the House pf Representa-
tives foramending the Constitution, which passed
there by two thirds, with a view of making it the
special order for twelve o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection, if I do not
lose the floor.
The motion to take up the joint resolution (PI.
R. No. 80) to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now I move that it be post-
poned until twelve o 'clock to-morrow, and be made
the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I also move that it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to
print will be entered, no objection being made.
DE VISSKJt AND YILLARUBIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the consent of the
Senator from Oregon to call up Senate bill No.
39, in order to concur in an amendment made to
it by the House. It will not take a quarter of a
minute.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection, if I do not
lose the floor; but I cannot yield the floor except
temporarily.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 39) fin* the relief of Simon Dr Visser
and Jose Yillarubia, of New Orleans; which was
to add at the end of the bill the following:
Aiid prodded further. That the intent and meaning ot'
tin.- act *hall in no e<YsO be constitted into ;i lelease of the
Sciiil Simon Do Vi^ei and Jo^6 Vtllarubia of orfioin any
dunes justly chaigcahle upon the goods and meiehamhsu
enteied in tin ii behalf by the ! aid Chailu* Mcte\6, in the
absence of any fi.iud attempted or committed in their pay-
ment by t-aid Mut6j^.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOUll OP MEETING.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator fiom Oregon, I want to make a proposition
to the Senate, that the Senate meet to-morrow at
ten o'clock, as it is the last day of the session. I
make that motion.
Several Senators objected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand
that there is now a motion made to meet at ten
o'clock, to-morrow morning;. I am utterly op-
posed to that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not before the Senate. It can only be entertained
by unanimous consent, and objection was made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, lwill not make
an objection; but I will say to the Senator who
makes the motion, and to ali others, that we must
know that when we meet to-morrow, we do not
meet to part before twelve o'clock on Sunday
morning. That has been the history of the past;
and there is no use in hastening the hour of meet-
ing, and thereby deprive ourselves of the rest that
j we require.
! REPORT OF TIIE PEACE CONFERENCE.
! The Senat", as in Committee of the Whole,
I resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
j, (S. II. No. TO) proposing certain amendments to
I t-he Constitution of the United States.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, my object in get-
ting the floor, was to give the reason why I can-
not vote for the resolution now before the Senate.
You are aware, sir, tfiat I did vote for the propo-
sitions of the Senator from Kentucky to amend
the Constitution, with the hope, if they could be
adopted, that peace, perhaps, might be restored
to the country; but those propositions have been
superseded, and the Senator from Kentucky him-
self says that he is willing to sacrifice, on the altar
of his country, as ho terms it, his own proposi-
tions, and take the amendments which are pro-
posed to the Constitution presented by the peace
congress to the Senate. The resolutions proposed
by the distinguished Senator from Kentucky were
as low down as I could go. They did not secure
to every State that right they have under the Con-
stitution, as I understand it; but the resolution
now before the Senate, to speak modestly, as I
look at it, with all due respect to the great men
who met here to consider this matter, who delib-
erated for many days, and presented this as the
result of their deliberations, is a cheat, a decep-
tion, a humbug—nothing that any State can take
as a final settlement of the questions that are now
giving trouble in this country, nothing that can
settle permanently those difficulties. We must
have something more definite, something more
certain, or-there can be no Union even of the States
that now remain in the Union, as I believe.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Oregon give way?
Mr. LANE. Only for an adjournment.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to make that motion, that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I hope not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator who made
that motion to allow us to postpone this subject
until one o'clock to-morrow, and make it the
special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We should not post-
pone it at all.
Mr. MASON. I hope there will be no adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LANE. 1 hope the Senate will give me
an opportunity to make my remarks. I shall get
through as soon as I possibly can. I ask it as a
favor J" lest I might not he so fortunate as to get
the floor again.
The result was then announced—yeas 23, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Bingham, Chandler. Claik, Chngman,
Collamcr, Dixon, Douslas, Durkce, Fesscnden. Foot,
Green, Grimes, Gwm, Harlan, King, NichoKon, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cntten-
den. Fitch. Foster, Hemphill. Hunter, Johnson ot Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Polk. Powell, Pugh, ltiou, Sebastian. Ten Evck, and Wig-
fall—22.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
"HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 1, 1861.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT ON BANKS.
The SPEAKER Saul before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the annual report on the condition of
the banks of the country; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
CLERKS IN TIIE WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before th-> House a
communication from the Secretary of War, con-
taining a statementof clerks and others employed
m his Department during the year 1SG0; which
waslaid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF NAVY OFfe'ICKUS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from t')9 Secretary of the Navy,
inclosing a statement of the pay and allowances
ffirers of the Navy and maiine corp.' du:
of
the year ending June 30, J8G0; whi< h was
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
hud
