*1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the vortex of rain, I want to know it. If civil
war is removed from us but by a single step, do
not let me be ignorant of it, lest I take that step
in the dark. Hide from me the day when the
dying agonies of my country shall begin; but do
not hide from me the lawless and fatal policy
which must inevitably plunge her into the mortal
strife.
By the tenth amendment of the Constitution—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
The power to coerce, therefore, does notcxist—
cannot exist, unless it has been delegated to the
United States by the Constitution. But there is
no delegation of any such power. It follows, of
necessity, that the Federal Government does not
possess it. And it will not suffice to argue that
the Government ought to possess it. All such
argument is confuted and confounded by the sin-
gle and simple truth that the Constitution nowhGre
gives the power.
Nor will it,answer to attempt to raise the power
by implication. The very terms of the constitu-
tional provision just quoted preclude the impli-
cation, expressly and emphatically, forever. They
utterly exclude any such conclusion. Yet some
persist in the attempt to deduce the power from
the nature of compacts. I understood the Sena-
tor from Tennessee,who first add reused the Senate,
to pursue that course. It is said that " when two
parties make a compact, there results to each the
power of compelling the other to execute it."
Results from what? Such power can only re-
sult, either, first, from the compact itself, or sec-
ond, from the fact of making it. It does not result
from the compact, because we have already seen
that the compact itself gives no such power to the
General Government. It cannot result from the
fact of making the compact, because the compact
itself expressly declares that it shall not vest ex-
cept by its own express delegation.
But the States made the compact—the Consti-
tution—not with the Federal Government, but
with each other. The Federal Government never
was a party to any compact with the States.
Therefore, by the very postulate itself, that Gov-
ernment can have no light to enforce the execu-
tion of a compact to -which it never was a party.
The postulate assumed goes upon the further
assumption, that the Constitution is a compact
between the Federal Government and the States.
But that assumption is false in fact.
If such a power, therefore, as is assumed in
the postulate—the power of forcible coercion—
exists anywhere, it must belong to the other con-
tracting States, which are parties to the Federal
Constitution, and not to the Federal Government.
The Federal Government is the result of the com-
pact, and that is all. It can only use the powers
given to it in express terms by the compact, noth-
ing more. Unless the power, therefore, is vested
in the Federal Government by the very terms of
the compact, or, in other words, by the Consti-
tution. it can neither coerce a State to remain in
the Union, nor punish her when site goes out.
But no such power is delegated by the Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government.
The absence of this power is 110 casus omissus
in the Constitution. So far from it, the very point
was presented and pressed upon the convention
whicii framed the Constitution, at the very com-
mencement of its deliberations. The convention
met, and commenced its labors on the 25th of
May, 1787. Only four days thereafter, on the
29th, Mr. Randolph presented the plan of a Fed-
era! Constitution, ltconsisted of a series of fifteen
resolutions. The sixth resolution contained the
following:
'c That the national Legislature ought to be empowered to
call forth the force of the Union against any member of the
Union Jailing to fulfill ns duty under the articles thereof.
On the motionofMr. Madison, this proposition
was postponed, and it was never again called up.
And it was upon this occasion that he uttered the
sentiments quoted a few days since by the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] in his speech on
the question of State secession. (Madison Papers,
5 Elliot's Debates, pp. 127, 128, 139, 140.)
Afterwards on the loth of June, Mr. Patterson
proposed a project of a Constitution. This also
consisted of a series of nine resolutions. His sixth
resolution also proposed to give to the General
Government the right to coerce a State. This also
was postponed by the convention, and was never
again renewed. (Madison Papers, pp. 192, 198.)
So that the proposition to give to the General
Government the power to coerce a State was dis-
tinctly put to the convention twice over, on differ-
ent days, and each time it was refused.
The convention was exceedingly careful and
scrupulous on this point of the power of the Fed-
eral Government, in all of its departments, over
the States.
2. The sixth resolution of Mr. Randolph's plan
contained anotherproposition akin to the coercion
of a State. It was " that the national Legisla-
ture ought to be empowered to negative all laws
passed by the several States, contravening, in the
opinion of the national Legislature, the articles
of union or any-trcatv subsisting under the au-
thority of the Union.5'
This power was first agreed to. This was on
the 31st of May. But afterwards, on the 8th of
June, it was reconsidered and voted down. It was
never again renewed. (Madison Papers, pp. 139,
174.)-
On the 38th of June, Mr. Hamilton also pro-
posed a scries of resolutions, embodying his ideas
of a Constitution. His tenth resolution proposed,
in order to prevent the passage of laws by the
particular States contrary to the laws of the Uni-
ted States, that the President should have power
to appoint the Governor of each State who should
have anegativeuponthelawsof theStateofwluch
hewasGovernor. (MadisonPapcrs,p.205.) This
also was refused. Again: it was proposed, in the
eighth resolution of Mr. Randolph's plan, to give
to the President and a convenient number of the
Federal judiciary a power of revision of the laws
of the several States. And this was rejected.
(Madison Papers, p. 128.)
But it is said that what is contended for is not
coercion of a State; but only that the Federal Ex-
ecutive is bound by the Constitution to see that
the laws of the United States are faithfully exe-
cuted. This I understand to be the position of
the Senator from Tennessee, to whom I have al-
ready alluded. Such I infer to be the position of
the President elect, if the newspapers of his party
which have spoken on that subject truly give his
position. Let us examine this a little. Suppose
a State secedes, in the exercise either of a con-
stitutional or a revolutionary right—I do not care
which, for the purposes in hand. She passes laws
in conflict with the laws of the United States; they
may be in regard to the revenue and its collec-
tion, or the carrying of the mails, or anything
else. An officer of the State, duly appointed such,
acting in pursuance of her laws, and in the exe-
cution of them, duos an net in violation of the laws
of the United States. The Federal Executive un-
dertakes to enforce the Federal laws against him.
Forthwith the sovereignty of the State, whose
agent and servant he is, and whose command he
is obeying, is interposed to protect him. On the
other hand, the United States Government bungs
its power into play to punish him. Here is neces-
sarily conflict and coercion. You may call it the
execution of the laws of the United Slates. It is,
nevertheless, coercion, and coercion of the sovei-
eignty of a State.
Mr. President, this is reaching coercion by an
indirect and roundaboutmode; and I confess that
that fact does not render its features any the less
abhorrent to my mind. On the contrary, it makes
them only the more so. You coerce each indi-
vidual citizen of the State, and yet you say you
do not coerce the State. Then you may hang as
a traitor each individual citizen of the State, and
the State will not be depopulated, nor lose a single
soul. Sir, such a result is not what is contem-
plated by the Constitution of the United States,
when it makes it the duty of the President to see
that the laws are faithfully executed. That Con-
stitution never intended that the Federal laws
should be executed by force of arms within the
limits of a State which has, in the most solemn
and authentic form, withdrawn itself from the
Union, and displaced the jurisdiction of the Gen-
eral Government. It has respect to the execution
of the laws of the Union only upon the soil of a
State while she remains within the Union, and
subject to its jurisdiction.
And here, sir, is the exact point of difference
between secession and nullification. In the latter
ease, the State, still abiding in the Union, and
acknowledging the jurisdiction of the Federal
Government,refuses 16 obey the laws; -In the
former case she has separated herself from tbe
Union, and put off its jurisdiction. To my mind,
the difference is a clear, a broad one.' But', srr,
to enforce the laws within the limits of a State
after she has seceded is an impossibility.- This
position was vindicated a few days ago to tho
Senate by the honorable Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] much more ably than I can hope
to be able to do it*y and I shall therefore forbear
to go over the ground much better occupied by
him, and shall invoke the attention of the Senate
to but a single view of it. *
The State has w i thd rawn herself from the Union „
There is not a single Federal officer within her
boundaries—no judges, no clerks, no marshals.
In our Government the laws can be executed only
by the courts and their officers. The President,
in fulfilling the duty imposed on him by the Con-
stitution to see that the laVvs are faithfully exe-
cuted, hasno right to act as judge, jury, and exe-
cutioner. He is no autocrat.
If the United States law is violated, the offense
is cognizable under the Constitution only by the
Federal judiciary. A court must be called; a
Federal judge must preside; a United Statesraar-
shal must be there to execute process, and a dis-
trict attorney to prosecute the offense. But all
this, in the case under consideration, is impossi-
ble, because there is not a single one of all those
officers within the limits of the State. Do you
say you will change the laws, and send foreign
judges and marshals into the State? Well, you
make the alteration of the law, and you send your
judge and marshal to the State. But the State
will not receive them. She excludes them by
force of arms. If you are determined to force
them upon licr, it must be done by Federal troops,
and at the point of the bayonet. Here is war..
But suppose you shall succeed in forcing your
officers into the secedingState,and you open your
courts. The party to be proceeded against must
be indicted by a grand jury. This is the first
step. Without it you cannot put him on his
trial. But the grand jury must be citizens of the
State. Each one of them is prohibited by the au-
thority of his State from finding a true bill, and
therefore he cannot do it. And each one may be
liable to the very same kind of a prosecution, and
therefore ho will not do it. And the next step,
which is also an indispensable one, is, that the
accused is entitled by the Constitution to be tried
by a traverse jury, which must also be composed
of citizens of the State. And they, too, for the same
reasons alreadystated in regard to the grand jury,
will not, and cannot, convict the accused. The
Army of the United States cannot be mado to
play any principal part in the process of enforcing
the laws of tho United States.
Nor is the President authorized by the Consti-
tution to allow the Army of the United States to
play any principal part 111 the process of enforc-
ing the laws. lie can only send the troops to act
m the capacity of a posse,Under the direction of
the civil authorities. These authorities must make
demand for the posse, and take the charge of it.
But in the ease supposed, there is neither civil offi-
cer to make demand for the aid of the troops, nor
is there any judgment of a court to be executed.
Now, Mr. President, suppose it be conceded
that this kind of coercion is constitutional, and
that you are able to put it into operation: what
result have you reached in the process of it? You
have inaugurated war—nothing less, nothing else.
Sir, war is the most terrible of all calamities under
all circumstances, and for the most righteous of
causes. It stands first in thodicadful triumvirate
for the scourging of the nations—war,pestilence,
and famine; war first and chiefest of the three.
But this would be the most wicked, horrib.e of
all wars. It would be civil, internecine war;
perhaps also servile war.
In the dreary catalogue of wars that have cursed
and depopulated and ravaged the earth, there is
none which is a parallel to what such a war must
be. The civil wars of the Roman Empire in an-
cient days, and those of the British in more mod-
ern, are no types of what this American civil war
must be. It will be a war of sections—the North
against the South, and the South against the North.
It will be a war of families—son against father,
brother against brother, and husband against his
wife's brother. It will be bitter, bloody, remorse-
less, and exterminating. No man can tell when
