1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the same
ruling is required as has been just made. The
amendmentis not germane to'the bill; it relates to
another matter.
Mr. SIMMS. Then I move to recommit the
bill to die Judiciary Committee.
"Mr. MONTGOMERY. I tfust that motion
will not prevail, it would be unjust to us.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill increases the sal-
ary of the judges $1,000, and creates two or three
new offices, although we were told that it created
no new office.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question of
order. It is that the gentleman from Kentucky
cannot make more than one motion at one rising,
and yet he has made several.
Mr. BARR. He has made several risings.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to submit a report,
and also to submit a motion that the House re-
solve itself into thq. Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view to take up the
Senate amendments to the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
That motion cannot be entertained while the
House is dividing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion cannot be made pending this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rule expressly gives
the Committee of Ways and Means leave to report
at any time.
The SPEAKER. The House is considering a
special order.
Mr. BABBITT called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were not Ordered.
Mr. BABBITT called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I rise to a question of per-
sonal privilege. Before the question on the mo-
tion to lay this bill on the table was put, I stated
to gentlemen who were opposing the bill that no
now officers were created by it. Upon the read-
ing of the bill, I find that new officers are cre-
ated. I therefore am opposed to the bill myself.
I have deemed this explanation due to myself.
RICHARD CIIENERY.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I rise to a
privileged question. I am instructed by the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses of Congress on the bill of the
Senate No, 77, for the relief of Richard Chenery,
to report their action to the House.
The report was read. It states that the com-
mittee of conference have met, and, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses, that
the House recede from its amendmeht to said bill,
disagreed to by the Senate, and that the respect-
ive Houses agree to the bill with an amendment,
striking out from the eleventh, twelfth, and thir-
teenth lines, the provision giving interest at the
rate of six per centum per annum from the com-
pletion of the work.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the report was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting a report from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, containing
information called for by the resolution of the
House of the 18th of February, 1861; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CORRECTION OK AN ERROR.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the consent of
the House to correct .x mistake made by myself
in January last. On tlu> 19th of January last, on
my motion, the bill of the House No. 94, pro-
viding an appropriation to pay the claim of a man
by the name of Evans, upon the part of the Uni-
ted States, was taken up and passed. I intended
to call up Spnate bill No. 210.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the regular order
of business. The whole day will be taken up by
these matters if they are allowed to go on. I call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Illinois merely desires to cor-
rect a mistake by the substitution of a Senate bill
m the place of a House bill which was passed by
this House. If there be no objection, the substi-
tution will be made.
No objection being made, Senate bill No. 210
was considered as passed.
' DOCUMENTS ORDERED TO BE PRINTED.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported the following communications; which were
ordered to be printed:
Estimates ofthe Commissioner of Public Build-
ings for repairs &c., of President's House;
Letter from the Third Auditor of the Treasury,
recommending the restoration of $1,000 to the
contingent fund of that Department;
Letter of the Commissioner of the General Lan d
Office, in relation to consolidated land offices;
Letter of Hon. C. H. Peaslce, presenting cer-
tain claims against the Government;
Estimate of the Secretary of the Interior, to
carry into effect the existing laws for suppressing
the slave trade;
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, asking
an appropriation in relation to the Chiriqm expe-
dition;
Letter of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
presenting sundry estimates of appropriations;
Joint resolution of the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, for the relief of the starving people of
that Territory;
Estimates from the Quartermaster General's
Office, for temporary buildings at Fort Butler;
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, on
the subject of coinage;
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, on
the subject of the Philadelphia Mint;
Letter from the Director of the Philadelphia
Mint, on the subject of coinage;
Letter of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey, inclosing a copy of answers to questions of
the Senate Finance Committee;
Estimates of the Committee on the Library for
publication of Exploring Expedition;
Letter of acting Secretary of the Interior in
relation to judicial expenses;
Letter of the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mending the creation of the office of Assistant
Secretary of the Interior;
Estimates ofthe Commissioner of Public Build-
ings for improvement of the circle; and
Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury relative
to claims of the late collector of customs and
superintendent of lights at Norfolk, Virginia.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, by unanimous consent, presented the
adverse report of Mr. Miles Taylor on the bill
of the House to establish a uniform system of
bankrupt laws throughout the United States;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Army ap-
propriation hill, with the amendments, of the Sen-
ate theieto, was made the special order in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to. *
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Grow in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration ofthe
bill (H. R. No. b99) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1862, with the Senate amendments thereto.
First amendment of the Senate:
Page 2, line eighteen, after the word f£ of," insert " dra-
goons, two legnncnts of;" so as to make the clause read :
For the horses of the two icgimcnts ol dragoons, two
regiments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted riflemen,
the companies of tight artilieiy, and such companies of in-
fantry as in ay be mounted, and for the authorized number
of officers' horses when serving in the field and at the out-
posts, including bedding for the animals.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 5, line one, inseit as follows:
For back lent of Fort Graham, wood and timber, to 15th
December, 1853, $3,578 75.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
n>ended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Same page and line, insert:
For back rent of Fort Merrill, wood and timber, to 15th
December, 1853, $4,214 92.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Fourth amendment:
Same page and line, insert:
For back rent of Camp Hudson, to 1st July, 1859,
$1,041 66.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Same page and line, insert:
For back rent of Foit Belknap, wood and timber, to 1st
Jaituaiy, 1&59, $3,963 33.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Sixth amendment:
Same pace and line, inseit:
For wood cut and taken fiom the land of Dona Modesta
Castro and Dona AugustiasJimeno.near Monterey, tor the
Ubeof troops, to29th June, 1849,$3,357; making $16,15566.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Same page and Jint% insert:
To pay the amount of a judgment recovered by John
James against Captains A. T. Lee and T.G. Pitcher, First
Lieutenant Thomas M. Jones, and Lieutenant Colonel W.
Senwell, for damages for timber cut upon the land of said
James for Fort Davis, $1,000, and such further sum as may
he necessary to pay the costs of the suit in which said judg-
ment was lendeied.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
P<i: e 8, line fifteen, icducc the appropriation from
$400,000 to $360,000, in the paragraph making piovision for
national armories.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
* Ninth amendment:
Page —, line fifteen, strike out as follows:
" For Texas arsenal, $24,350."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Tiie amendment was concuned in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 9, line eight, insert as follows :
To indemnify citizens of Iowa and Minnesota for the
destruction of pioperty at or'near Spirit Lake by Ink-pa-du-
tah's band of Sioux Indians, $9,640 74, or so iimch thereof
as may be found necessary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. CURTIS. I am satisfied that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means must have misunder-
stood or misapprehended that amendment, which
has been put in by the Senate. This account
has been regularly audited. It was passed by
the Military Committee, and has been reported
to Congress by that committee. There has never
been a dollar paid to the State of Iowa for the
destruction of the property of the citizens of that
State in connection with the Spirit Lake massa-
cre. I understand from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that the reason
why the amendment was rejected was, that this
matter has been provided for heretofore; that there
have been two or three finalities on the subject.
I say to the gentleman and to the House that what-
ever has been heretofore appropriated has all
been absorbed by Minnesota. The appropria-
tion was made for the benefit of Minnesota and
Iowa, but it seems that Iowa, so far, has received
nothing. I hope the House will concur in this
