1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
it is as a'matter of personal convenience and ac-
commodation that he makes this motion to post-
pone until Thursday?
Mr. WILSON. I do not ask it on that ac-
count.
Mr. GREEN. Then I shall vote against it.
Mr. WILSON. To-morrow has been assigned
for the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill,
and the day after for the Kansas bill; I do not
wish to interfere with them, and I should like to
have this subjcct go over.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,
Hale. King, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—9.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,
Chandler, Ciark, Cllngman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
ftounlas, Fitch, Foster, Gteen, Harlan, Hemphill, Huntei,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Mas-on, Nicholson, Pearce, l'olk,
Powell, Saulsbitry, and Wigfall—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The question now is on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts to postpone
until Thursday next, at half past twelve o'clock,
the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. KENNEDY called for the yens and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
— yeas 19, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler; Clatk,
Doolittle, Duvkee, F^ssnndcn, Foot, Foster, Gi lines, llai<j,
Uarlan, Kin a, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bra:™, Chngman,
Crittenden. Douala«, Fitch, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Iver-
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk,
Powell, llice, Saul&bury Sebastian, and Wigfall—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to postpone the resolutions until to-morrow
at half past twelve o'clock, and make them the
older of business to the exclusion of all other
orders.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether it is competent to make an order of that
character? The resolutions may be postponed,
doubtless; but is it competent to make ail order
that they shall be considered to the exclusion of
all other business until they be disposed of?
Would such an order amount to anything? Will
not the Senate have it in its power, by a major-
ity, at any time, to set that aside? It would be a
change, as it seems to me, of the rules of the Sen-
ate If there are special orders to which the rules
apply, would they not be entitled to precedence,
notwithstanding any such vote of the Senate? It
seems to me that that portion of the motion is out
of order, or rather that it would require a change
of the rules to adopt it. Under the rules, the old-
est special order set for one o'clock to-morrow, j
for instance, is entitled to be called up at that
hour; and the Presiding Officercalls up that busi-
ness at that hour. Now, is it competent for the
Senate to-day, by a vote, to change that rule, so
as to make this particular business the business
of the Senate to the exclusion of everything else ?
I am certainly against any such proposition as
that. I doubt if it would be competent for the
Senate to pass it without changing the rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say to the Senator, that he considers it in-
cumbent on him to entertain the motion. The
Senate can make such disposition of the motion
as the Senate thinks proper. Whether it will
conflict with the existing rules of the Senate, will
be for the Senate to decide when that conflict
may be shown.
Mr. BIGIjER. This case is in a nutshell. It
is not proposed to make a rule. It is perfectly
competent for the Senate at any time to make an
order. This is to be an order of the Senate.
The Senate has a right to make an order, and to
execute an order. It is equally true, that it is
competent for the Senate to suspend the execu-
tion of that order, and that is often done; but no
question of order or rule can be interposed against
this motion. It is competent for the Senate to
make the order at any time,'notwithstanding it
would seem to be inconsistent with a former order,
because fixing business by priority is a mere
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
rule lead which relates to special orders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the rule required.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Special Orders.
31. When the hour shall have arrived for the consider-
ation of a special order, it shall be the duty of rhe Choir to
take up such special order, and the Senate shall proceed
to consider it, unless it be postponed by vote of the Sen-
ate,
Precedence in Special Orders.
When two or more subjects shall have been specially as-
signed for consideration, they shall take precedence accord-
ing to the order of time at which they weie severally
assigned, and such order shall at no time be lost or changed,
except by the direction of the Senate.
Precedence in Special Orders and over General Orders.
When two or more subjects shall have been assigned for
the same hour, the subject first assigned for that hour shall
take precedence ; but special orders shall always have pre-
cedence of general orders, unless such special orders bhall
be postponed by direction ot the Senate.
Spccial Orders not to lose their position.
Special ordeis shall not lose their position on account of
intervening adjournments; imr shall they lose their relative
position on the Calendar, except by vole of the Senate,
until finally disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky?
Mr. IIALE. If it is in order to ask a division
of the question, I ask for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suppose that it is proper and competent to
ask for a division, as the question is susceptible
of a division.
Mr. HALE. Then, I ask for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire calls for a division of the
question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, ldo not wish to trouble
or embarrass the Chair or the Senate with any
questions about order. It is a subject about which
I do not profess to have any great skill or knowl-
edge. I suppose, however, it must be a clear
proposition that the Senate has the right to order
the couisc of its business and say that it will act
upon such a subject until it is concluded, when
that subject regularly comes up for action. I,
however", will withdraw that part of the motion
that these resolutions shall be continued the sub-
ject of action until finally disposed of, and leave
the question so that they shall be called up to-
morrow, at the hour named, to the exclusion of
all other business. I suppose the Senate can
make that order without any question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator so modify his motion ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will modify it in that
way, with the hope that a majority of the Senate
will feel with me that we should act continually
on the subject until it is decided upon.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the question be stated
as now modified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the question now, as modified, to be,
that the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky be postponed until to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock, and then taken up, to the exclu-
sion of all other business.
Mr. HALE. I ask for a division of that
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
presumes it is divisible also; and if it be, any
Senator has aright to call for a division. The
Senator from New Hampshire has asked for a
division of the question. The Chair understands
that it is susceptible of being divided; and so un-
derstanding, will put the question, first, on the
motion to postpone until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS." Now, I will ask for the
yeas and nays on the other branch of the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
moved that the resolutions be taken up at the
hour indicated to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness; and on that motion the yeas and nays are
demanded.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to understand
what the gentleman means. Does taking it up to
the exclusion of all other business, mean that it
shall continue ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; I have with-
drawn that part of the motion. It is simply that
it shall be taken up in preference to any other
business at that time.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask if there be any special
order beside this fixed for to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock? If there be not—as in my im-
pression there is not—the residue of the-motion
will be ineffectual and perfectly immaterial,
whether we pass it or not. if this subject is made
the special order for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow, and there be no other, nothing will rin-
terfere with this, and this will interfere with
nothing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is a special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. FOSTER. But not at half past twelve.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. FOSTER. Then this subject must come
up.
Air. SIMMONS. Then I take it there is no
necessity for saying that it shall be taken up
at that time, if there is nothing else to interfere
with it.
Mr. BIGLER. Senators seem to confound the
effect of an order and the execution of an order
by the body and the rule which controls the Pre-
siding Officer. Now, suppose the Senate makes
that order that these resolutions shall be taken up
at half past twelve to-morrow, and be proceeded
with to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the motion.-
Mr. BIGLER. Very well; I am using it for
an illustration. At the hour of one the Chair an-
nounces that such a bill is the special order. Then
it is perfectly competent for the Senate to post-
pone the bill which is the special order, or refuse
to take it up, and proceed in the execution of the
order which we make at this time. It is all the
while in the power of the body, and competent
for the body to make this order. It is competent
for the body to proceed with its execution. It is
also competent for the body to suspend its execu-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Iam aware that it is com-
petent for the body to postpone if they see proper,
even if we make it a special order; but I suppose
the object of the Senatorfrom Kentucky, and cer-
tainly my object is, to procure action on these
resolutions. If there is a majority in this body
determined that we shall not have a vote on his
proposition, I want that determination to appear
on the record. The friends of this measure cer-
tainly do want action upon it; but if it is determ-
ined that by points of order and by giving it the
go-by and taking up other questions, there shall
never be a vote, let that purpose be avowed and
appear on the record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there isno^ta
man in the Senate—certainly there is not one on
this side of the Chamber—who is not perfectly
ready to vote on these resolutions at any time
when they shall come up.
.Mr. BIGLER. Then let us vote now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean whenever we come
to the point where a vote is to be taken. There
is no desire here to shun the vote. I certainly do
not know anybody that desires it. There is not
a question before the Senate that I am not ready
to vote upon when the proper time shall arrive,
and the matter has been discussed, without any
sort of hesitation. Therefore, as it seems to me,
the object is to sacrifice the rules of the Senate
for the sake of having a vote by yeas and nays,
and putgentlemen on the record on a matter which
they do not hesitate to meet at any proper mo-
ment. Why, sir, it amounts to nothing. The
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky is
simply this: to postpone this subject until to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock, and then take
it up to the exclusion of all other business. What
is that? That it shall come up at that hour. That
is the amount of it. Well, sir, will it not come
up on the motion to postpone until half past
twelve o'clock, unless there is a previous order?
If there is a previous order for that hour, you
cannot dispose of it by a vote of this kind, for the
simple reason that the rule says, that an order
previous in time shall come up and be disposed
of first; and you cannot get over the rule of the
Senate by any provision of this sort. Suppose,
for instance, there is another order for half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow, no matter what it is,
and the Senator proposes to postpone this subject
till half past twelve o'clock, and then make it
the special order: when half past twelve o'clock
arrives, will not the previous order come up in
