THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
spite of our order to-day? Necessarily so; be-
cause you cannot by a vote get rid of the opera-
tion of the.rule, and the Presiding Officer must
call it up. Then all the effect of this motion, as
taken now, is what is suggested by the Senator
from Illinois, and that is to get a vote upon noth-
ing for the purpose of having a record. Now,
sir, I am ready to vote on nothing for that pur-
pose, if the Senator wants me to do so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator has said there
was no one on that side of the Chamber that ob-
jected to a vote on this question. Inasmuch as he
seems to assume the right to speak for that side
of the Chamber, I hope he will now specify a day
and an hour when we shall have a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. I cannot fix it, sir. The
Senator knows very well that nobody can fix it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If he can speak for that side
of the Chamber, and there is no opposition on
this, there will be no difficulty in fixing the time
when we shall have a vote. It is very usual in
this body to agree by common consent that, at a
particular hour and day, there shall be a vote on
a measure. All we want is a vote, and within
reasonable time, and the shortest period that can
be fixed; and if there is no disposition to keep it
off by these other measures, why not indicate a
time when we shall have a vote, instead of calling
it up from day to day, and shoving itoffby other
questions, postponing and procrastinating until
the end of the session. I desire to have a time
fixed, by common consent, at which we may liave
a vote. I am aware, if the majority are determ-
ined that we shall not have a vote, they can call
for another special order, or they can postpone
this subject. They have the power to give it the
go-by. ' I want to find out whether it is the de-
termination to give it the go-by, so that we shall
not have a vote; and if not, why not agree then that
we may have a vote at a particular day or hour ?
Mr. KENNEDY. I have but a word to say,
sir. Representing here, as I do, with my col-
league, the State of Maryland—a State as much
interested in the settlement of this question as
any other—I have refrained from expressing any
views on the distracting subjects that are now
agitating the country. I have done so because I
have beendisposed, like my colleague, to exhaust
every reasonable and honorable means that were
deemed expedient, to settle this question. I have
been anxious to see this matter brought to a test.
If the gentlemen on the otherside of the Chamber
do earnestly and really and honestly desire to see
the question settled before civil war is brought
upon us, I want to see some test vote—something
that will show their sincerity, at least—on the
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky. If
they are rejected, I consider that every hope has
gone; that the last expedient has passed away
from us; and I want to see whether those gentle-
men now representing a dominant party in the
country are willing to meet us in the spirit of
compromise; and therefore I want the earliest
Fossible vote thatl can get. After thathas failed,
shall he prepared to speak for my State. If
every just ami honorable expedient shall fail to
bring about a settlement of tins question; if the
propositions of my distinguished and venerable
friend from Kentucky, and of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, will not meet the views of gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber, I want
the people of Maryland to know it; and I am
prepared then, gentlemen, to accept the issue
which you present.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am very sorry to see a
question of the order of business presented here
as a test question. I have voted, for the last
three or four weeks, to change the regular order
of business, so that a man could speak on a thing
that lie wished to address the Senate upon; and
almost all of these propositions have come from
the other side of the Chamber. I think we have
got as many as half a dozen distinct propositions
to compose these troubles; and when a man gets
up and asks to have his brought up, I vote for it;
and now this sort of accommodation is attributed
to a desire to postpone these questions. So far
as I know—and I never consult anybody as to
how I shall vote—if I can find what will accom-
modate a particular Senator who wants to address
the Senate, I try to get that question before us,
that he may be accommodated.
Mr. WILSON. Do not ask anything on my
account.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not ask anything on
anybody's account. I want to get at the business
in as orderly a way as we can; in as temperate a
way as we can; but above all things, this mere
question of which of these half dozen resolutions
that are up, that involve the same question, shall
be put ahead of the others, I think, is rather too
small a question to make a test upon. I have no sort
of desire to delay the general action of the Senate.
I merely want every man who is going to address
the Senate to have up the resolutions 111 which he
feels the most particular interest.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that there is no conflict between the dif-
ferent movers of propositions as to which shall
take priority. I believe we all agree to follow the
lead of the venerable Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SIMMONS. But still the Senator wants
to make a question 011 this side of the Chamber,
that we will not put some one of the half dozen
distinct propositions that have been made, ahead
of all the others, and consider it to the exclusion
ofall the others. Thismorningwegotinto trouble.
Senators almost thought we were guilty of dis-
courtesy to them, because we took up one bill
when the Senator who was entitled to the floor
said ho was willing to address the Senate upon
that, as well as anything else; but we corrected
that in order that he might have his choice. I do
not recollect, myself, what particular resolutions
the Senator from Missouri has been addressing
the Senate upon, but I believe it was on the res-
olution submitted by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter.] If Senators on the other side of
the Chamber first call up one of these resolutions,
and then another, as a matter of personal conve-
nience to themselves, why should the Senator
from Illinois get up and say he wants a test ques-
tion, to see whether we will not give one the pref-
erence over the other?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer. Itis simply
to have the subject of an ad justment of these dif-
ficulties acted upon. When we take up the prop-
osition of the Senator from Kentucky, which
has priority, any Senatoi can move his own
proposition as an amendment; and thus we shall
get a vote in turn on every one of the propositions,
and come to some definite conclusion on the sub-
ject, either that wo can pacify the country or can-
not.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know the Senator from
Illinois is very adroit. We have had a discussion
to-day on another subject; and he chooses to
charge us upon this side of the Senate that we
have accommodated those on that side with a view
to delay.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not charge' it at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. You want a test on us.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 ask them to show by their
votes, or by common colisent fixing the time, that
they are willing to act.
Mr. SIMMONS. We have fixed the time for
considering these resolutions at half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow, and it has been stated from
the Chair that there is no prior order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At that hour.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then they will certainly
come up. Now, why should we sit hero and dis-
pute with each other about whether they will
come up or not? 1 know the Senator from Ken-
tucky doe3 not expect that I would interpose any
objection to following what was his particular
wish on any subject, whatever others might
charge. All! want is, that business shall be reg-
ular; and that whoever chooses to address the
Senate to-morrow may have his choice as to the
subject on which he will speak. If he chooses to
address it at half past twelve o'clock, we know
what the subject will be. It will be these reso-
lutions. I do not believe a rule of the Senate can
be overturned by this sort of side-motion. I think
it is useless to waste the time in disputing about
which resolution shall come up, because I do not
know who wants to address the Senate; but these
will certainly come up at half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow, and then we may make some dispo-
sition of them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, always
desirous, as far as I can, to accommodate the views
and wishes of all gentlemen here; and believing,
myself, that if the resolutions are taken up to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock, it will be the
disposition of the Senate to continue to debate
them until they are decided, ["Certainly,"] and
announcing my purpose to move for that course
of business whenever it shall become necessary,
that wo shall postpone everything in their way,
I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
withdrawn, and there is nothing before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed te; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 14, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of Saturday was read and appro ved.
.EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy in answer to a resolution of
the House of the 9th of January, 1861, concern-
ing Coston's telegraphic night signal and gov-
ernor for marine steam engines; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PEACE OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion foT the consideration of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the resolution, and if there be objection, I
will move to suspend the rules.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the present alarming condition of the
country imperatively demands that Congress should take
immediate steps to preserve the peace and maintain the
Union, by removing, as far as possible, ail causes of irrita-
tion and division ; and to that end patriotism should pionipt
aeheeiful suirenderof all paitisan prejudices and minor
differences ot opinion ; and tins House, believing the plan
of adjustment proposed bv lion. John. J. Chittenden,
in the Senate, December 16, 1860, would be an equitable
and honorable compromise, involving no sacrifice to any
party or section that should not promptly be made for the
sake of the inestimable blessings of peace and a united
country, hereby instinct tile committee of thirty-three here-
tofore'appointed by the House to report, without delay, tbe
necessary measures to canv that plan into piaetical effect.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that resolution.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that he cannot move to suspend the rules
until afler the morning hour has expired.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I give notice that I
shall endeavor to get the floor hereafter for tho
purpose of moving to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The, order of business is the
call of the States for bills for reference.
The States were then called for that purpose.
WAR DEBT OP OREGON, ETC.
Mr. STOUT. I have a petition in my pos-
session, signed by some two thousand citizens of
Oregon, praying Congress to pay the Oregon and
Washington war debt, and I wish it referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. •
It was so referred by unanimous consent.
DUVAL AND BROTHERS.
Mr. BURNETT. Will it be in order to offer
a joint resolution under this call?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I offer a resolution
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Duval & Brothers, merchant tailors in the city of
Washington, assignees of R. A. Davidge, the
amount of money appropriated for tho benefit of
said Davidge, by an act of Congress approved
February 18, 1859.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to
pass the tesolution. If the House will indulge
me in making a statement of fact, I suppose they
will pass the resolution without objection.
By an act of Congress, approved 18th of Feb-
ruary, 1859, a sum of $118 90 was appropriated
for the benefit of R. A. Davidgo. He was a con-
stituent of mine, and was at that time a tempo-
rary clerk in the Treasury Department. He made
an assignment to Duvall & Brothers of this sum of
#118 90, to which they are justly entitled. But
the Comptroller of the Treasury, upon a technical
objection, refused to pay the money. Hence it
becomes necessary to pass an act of Congress
