1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
their own organic law, selected their Governor, Legislative
Chambers, and judiciary, and set in motion the regulaj ma-
chinery ot public administration, upon the model of other
territorial governments of the United States. They elected
Beverly D. Williams as a Delegate to the Thirty-Sixth
Congress of the United States, and committed to his care
•their memorial for territonal organization. Mr. Williams
appeared at the Capitol at the commencement of the Con-
gress, presented the memorial, engaged in the management
of the interests of the pioposed territorial government and
people^ both before the legislative and executive depart-
ments of this Government; and has continued constantly,
ever since, in the pursuit of the object for which he was
commissioned by his fellow-citizens.
At the present session, Congress has passed a law estab-
lishing the Territory of Colorado, with a boundary almost
exactly the same designated by the people whom Mr. Wil-
liams lias represented. The State of Kansas ha- been ad-
mitted into the Union, and her member occupies a seat
upon the floor. It is not proposed by the committee to ad-
mit Mr. Williams as the Delegate for the Teiutoiy of Col-
orado 5 because no election has in fact occurred since the
Territory lias been designated by its present boundaiy and
placed under an organic law by authority ot Congress"; but
following numerous precedents, furnished by the history
of other similar cases, the committee find no difficulty in
recognizing Mr. Williams's agency for the people, and in
providing tor him a fair compensation from the public
Treasury for the public services to his constituency, to
which his tune and attention have been devoted.
The provision made by Congress in the cases of Sibley,
of Babbit, of Hugh N. Smith, of the firsat Representative
k from California, alt are similar m principle to this case. Fol-
lowing the precedents, then, the Committee of Elections
unavoidably concur inoffeung the following resolution,
(which should be an amendment to the appropriation bill:)
Resolved, That Beverly D. Williams, of the new Terii-
tory of Colorado, he allowed the sum of .$3,000 as compen-
sation for time and services, while claiming a scat m the
House of Representatives as Delegate to the Tlmty-Si\th
Congress from tiie so-called Tcrritoiy of Jeft'eison, but that
his claim to a seat as sucli Delegate, having no foundation
in legal right because of the non existence ot bitch an organ-
ization under a law of the United States, be, and the same
is hereby, irjected.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. i object to the con-
sideration of that report.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the business before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is the report from the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is objected to; and it is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order, as the Committee of Elections have the
privilege of reporting at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They have no right
to interrupt the special order.
Mr. BURNETT. The report was read for
information. The special order of the gentleman
from Ohio is the first business in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 objected to the re-
ception of the report. I do not know where the
committee can find any warrant to pay money out
of the Treasury to a man who volunteers his
services.
Mr. BURNETT, 1 rise to a question of order.
There is no law for the payment of any such de-
mand. There is no authority conferred upon the
Committee of Elections to make such a report;
and it ceitainiy cannot come in here without an
order postponing the special order, or without
unanimous consent.
Mr. GILMER. A word of explanation.
The SPEAKER. I understand this report to
be based upon an application of a gentleman to a
seat in this House: It is therefore a privileged
question.
Mr. BURNETT. With-till due deference to
the Chair, I say the report discloses the fact that
lie docs not claim a seat here. The committee
ignore the fact that lie claims to represent any-
body, or claims any seat. It is an outrage to pay
a man who has no title to a seat upon this iloor.
He represents no constituency either in a State or
Territory; and to take this money from the public
Treasury and give it to this man as a bonus, when
he represents nobody, is wrong and unjustifiable<-
The SPEAKER. Of the report the House will
judge, and not the Chair. The Chair decides that
this is a privileged question, and that the report
is fairly before the House, and supersedes the
special order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As this appropriates
money out of the Treasury, it cannot be passed
by the House, but must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There is no appropriation
in the report.
Mr. GILMER. The two cases referred to in
the report, precis"ly like this, are precedents.
There is a class of precedents growing up upon
this subject \yhich the committee do not approve
of; and the committee put this case upon tie foot-
ing that it is right to do simple justice in this case.
I demand the •previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. GILMER. 1 will, if the gentleman will
renew it. •
Mr. BURNETT. I will. I know gentlemen
may regard this as an ungracious act. The gen-
tleman to be benefited by this resolution was a
citizen of my State—a gentleman for whom I en-
tertain a very high respect; but it does seem to
me to be most extraordinary, and not only ex-
traordinary, but unprecedented in the history of
Congress, that a gen tleman should come here from
an unorganized Territory, where they have set up
a government without any authority whatever of
Congress, and claim pay for services for thatun-
authorized government. I am, like the gentleman
from North Carolina, very much bound by prece-
dents; but when precedents are wrong, I believein
changing those precedents. You propose to take
from the Treasury $3,000, and put it into the pocket
of a gentleman who comes here knowing that he
is not a Representative or Delegate, knowing that
he has no claim upon this House for a seat upon
this floor, and who does not even claim a seat
here. He comes here under an election by a mass
meeting atPike'sPeak. If I might be permitted
to characterize the position of my friend here, he
comes as a lobby agent for the purpose of having
this Territory organized, and hewoiksfor that
purpose, and then he asks to be paid from the
public Treasury. It docs seem to me that we
ought not to add to precedents which will lead us
to pay large sums of money from the public Treas-
ury, for we have people scattered through all our
Territories, who will make organizations, send
their representatives here, and here is a precedent
for paying them. Why, sir, we have had two
Delegates here and, if 1 am not mistaken, we have
hadthVee. [A Voice. Seven.] Seven, I am in-
formed. Do v/e intend to pay all seven of them ?
If there is any justice in paying this gentleman,
we ought to pay them all. One is^is much en-
titled to pay as another, if he has a dozen con-
stituents to back him. I am m favor of squatter
sovereignty; and if we are going to establish any
such precedent as this, I go for the whole thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say tliat
another gentleman was elected as Delegate, at
Pike's Peak, last fall, at the only election held
there, and at the same time that the Delegates from
Kansas and Nebraska were elected. These last
have been recognized as such delegates, and were
permitted to take seats upon this floor. That
man is now here, and has been here the whole
session, urging the organization of this Territory;
and if anybody is entitled to pay, it is that man.
I understand that this Delegate, whom the com-
mittee propose to pay, has all the time been act-
ing as mail agent, and for himself, in the mean
time.
Mr. BURNETT. I am not astonished at any
action this House may take,andthoreforel should
not be surprised if they pass this resolution.
Now, in accordance with my agreement with
the gentleman from North Carolina, I demand
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. FOUKE. I would inquire of the Chair if
it is m order to offer an amendment to the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand
for the previous question, and the motion to lay
upon the table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
ADMISSION OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the subject now be-
fore the House?
Mr. CORWiN. I call for the special order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to postpone that spe-
cial oider until the 4th of July next.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bill reported from the committee of
thirty-three, for the admission of New Mexico
into the United States of America.
The bill was read a first and second time. It is
as follows:
An Act for the admission of New Mexico into the United
States of America.
Whereas, by the act of Congress approved on the 9th of
September, in the year 1850,it was piovidedthatthepeopie
of New Mexico, when admitted as a State, shall be received
into the Union with or without slavery, as their constitution
may provide at the time of their admission; and whereas
the population of said Territory is now sufficient to consti-
tute a State government: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the inhabitants of the Territory of New Mexico, including
therein the legion callcd Arizona, be, and they arc hereby,
authorized to torm for themselves a constitution of State
government by the name ot the State of New Mexico; and
the said State, when formed, shall be admitted into the
Union upon the same footing with the original States in all
respects whatever. And said constitution shall be formed
by a convention of the people of New Mexico, which shall
consist of twice the number of members now by law con-
stituting the House ot Representatives of the Territory ;
each representative district shall elect two members to said
convention for every member now by law elected in such
district to the Territorial House of Representatives \ and in
such election only those persons shall vote for such dele-
gates as are, by the laws of said Territory now in torce,
entitled to vote lor members of the Territorial House of
Repiesentatives. The election for the convention shall he
held on the 5th day of August, 1861, by the same officers
who would hold an election loi members of the said House
of Representatives; and those officers shall conform to tiie
law now in force in said Temtory for election for members
of said House of Representatives m all icspects, in holding
the election, leceiving and rejecting votes, and making tiie
return? of the election for the convention. The convention
shall assemble at the city of Santa Fd, on the 2d day of
September, 1881, and continue its sessions at that place
until its dehbeiations shall be closed. The constitution
agieed on by the convention shall be submitted to the people
ot the Territoiy foi their approval or rejection as a whole;
at such election on the constitution, all those and others
shall be entitled to vote who are now entitled to vote for
members of the House of Representatives of said Territoj y;
and such election shall be held by the same ofiiceis who
conduct, by the present laws, the election for membeis of
the House of Representatives of the Teriitory, at the same
place for voting, and m the same mannei in all inspects ;
and such election shall be held on the 4th day of Novetn-
bei, 1801. and the returns thereof made to the Governor of
the Territory, who shall forthwith sum up and declare the
result, and sshali send a certificate thereof, together with a
copy of the constitution, to the President of the United
States. The said State shall be entitled to ono member of
the House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-
ica, held until the apportionment under the next census.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corivin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Was I not recognized ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will remember that the rule declares that the gen-
tleman who reports a mcasiire shall be entitled to
the floor, to open and close the debate upon it.
It has been so decided by the House on appeal,
at the present session of Congx*ess. The fchair,
therefore, is compelled to assign the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I shall be obliged to take an
appeal from that decision.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not debatable.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not the appeal debatable?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. An appeal has always been
hold to be debatable. I desire simply to state 
Mr. KILL1NGER. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. CURTIS. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the appeal is not debatable; and as objection is
made, the Chair cannot hear the gentleman from
Illinois. . «
Mr. LOVEJOY. Why, appeals have been de-
bated all over the House, time and again.
The SPEAKER. Oh, yes, sir; I have no doubt
of that. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wonder why it is, then,
that when I attempt to speak all these rules of
order are enforced.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 60th
rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" CO. No member shall occupy more than one hour m de-
bate on any question in the House or m committee ; but a
member reporting the measure undei consideration, from a
committee, may open and close the debate.7'
The SPEAKER. The Chair was bound to
recognize the gentleman from Ohio underthatrule.
