THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
That the surveyor general of the United States for
Louisiana be directed to survey the tract of land
as described in section one, excluding therefrom
the first forty arpents in depth fronting on the
Mississippi river, and to ccrtify in his plata of
survey what portions of the land are held under
confirmed French or Spanish titles, or have been
sold by the United States, or granted, disposed of,
or appropriated as swamp lands, in any other
mapner whatever; and in this, as well as in all
other cases where a confirmed claim remains un-
satisfied, and the owner thereof is entitled to a cer-
tificate of location, the surveyor general shall issue
to the claimant, or his legal representative, a cer-
tificate of location for a quantity of land equal to
the portion of the confirmed claim which remains
unsatisfied; and upon the production by the claim-
ant or his legal representative of such a certificate
of location in any of the aforesaid cases before the
General Land Office, and upon satisfactory proof
being1 exhibited by the party producing the same
that he is the true owner thereof, he shall be enti-
tled to receive, in his own name, certificates or
scrip for the amount thereof, divided into tracts of
eighty acres, which may be located upon any of
the public lands of the United States subject to
private entry, at a price not exceeding §1 25 per
acre. And the certificates of location or scrip
shall bo assignable, and the assignment shall be
executed and attested in such manner as the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall direct. "That for so
much and such portions of the land embraced in
the confirmed claims heretofore mentioned as is
rvot held under other confirmed claims, or has not
been sold or otherwise disposed of, or appropri-
ated by the United States, as also for the land
which may have been located with the certificates
of location or scrip authorized to be issued by
section two, the owners of the claims and scrip or
their assigns shall be entitled to patents, to be
issued by the President of the United States.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know whether
the bill has been examined by any committee of
this House. Is it a bill reported from anyone
of the standing committees of the House ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Objection is withdrawn to
taking up the bill and putting it on its passage;
and I therefore withdraw my motion for a sus-
pension of the rules. I move that the bill be
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported from
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITIA OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of tiie House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That tlio Committee of the Whole 011 the State
of tin; Union he discharged tiom the further consideration
of House bill No. 86'), to provide for oigiunziug :md disci-
plining tile iniiitin of the District of Columbia ; and that the
same may he made a special order for to-morrow, the loth
instant, antl from day to day until finally disposed of.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose of allowing me to
introduce that resolution.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be read.
Mr. SICKLES. I understand that it is a very
long bill; and as I understand its general pur-
port, I waive my demand for its reading.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand that the bill be
read.
Mr. STANTON. The pending resolution is
to make the biii a special order for to-morrow,
and not for this day. As I do  ot ask for the
consideration of the bill to-day, I do not know
that any gentleman has the right to demand that
the bill shall be read at this time.
Mr. STEVENSON. In my judgment, the
House has a right to hear what it is that is pro-
posed to be made a special order.
Mr. STANTON. The bill will take half an
hour to read it. If the House will permit me, I
will make a brief explanation of it. It is a bill
that has been prepared by a board of Army
officers.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman be per-
mitted to make his explanation, I want it to be
understood that I shall ask for an opportunity to
respond.
Miv STANTON. All I want to say is, that
this is not a bill got up now, but one reported at
the last session of Congress.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 understand it fully.
Mr. BOTELER. Before the bill is read, I want
to put a question to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. There is no objection; and
the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. BOTELER. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee 011 Military Affairs, in order
that gentlemen of the House may understand it,
whether this bill was prepared with reference to
any existing difficulties ?
Mr. STANTON. It was not. It was pre-
pared, in pursuance of a law passed two years
ago, by a board of Army officers, and it was re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs by
my colleague [Mr. Pendleton] at the last ses-
sion of Congress. It is a bill arising, not out of
a temporary, but a permanent condition of affairs
in this District.
Mr. BOTELER. Have there been any modi-
fications in the bill ?
Mr. STANTON. None at all. The bill is
the same that was reported at the last session from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BOTELER. I desire that fact to go to the
country.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that I may be per-
mitted to say a word in reply. This bill, in fact,
establishes a standing army of six thousand men
in this District of Columbia, subject to the will of
the President of the United State's; an army to be
mustered into service at his discretion, and to be
supplied out of the military stores of the United
States, exactly as the regular Army is. Let the
House understand that fact, and let members vote
accordingly. Shall this standing army be estab-
lished m this District, under the command of the
President, and to be supplied with arms, camp
equipage, and indeed all the necessary military
stores, from the store-houses of this Government?
Mr. STANTON. A discussion of the bill is
not now in order.
Mr. _ BURNETT. This bill, Mr. Speaker,
authorizes this army, in time of insurrection, to
take possession of this Capitol—that is, if they
think proper to do so.
The Clerk read the bill in cxtenso.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I have a let-
tor from the late Secretary of War, indorsing
this bill; and I ask the Clerk to read it for the
information of the House.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. VALLANDlOrHAM. I ask my col-
league to permit me to move an amendment to
his resolution. It is as follows:
Resolved further, That the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 65 : " A bill to amend the
actof April 23, 1808, entitled 4 An act making provision for
arming and equipping the whole body of the militia of the
United States/ " and that as soon as the bill relating to the
militia of the Di trict of Columbia *hall have been dis-
posed of, said House bill shall bo a special order from day
to day until the same tJiall have been disposed of."
Mr. STANTON. There is no connection with
that bill and the one I desire to get before the
House. I cannot, therefore, agree to accept the
gentleman's resolution as a modification of my
own. But I have no doubt, when my resolution
has passed, the House will consent to the intro-
duction of my colleague's. I will not object to
its introduction.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If my colleague
does not choose to accept my amendment, of
course I cannot press it now, nor will I vote for
the suspension of the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that a letter of the late
Secretary of War be read. It will explain the
bill fully.
Mr. BURNETT. That letter cannot be read,
except by unanimous consent. The bill is not
before the House. I object to the reading of the
letter.
Mr. STANTON. If gentlemen refuse to let
the letter be read, I cannot help it. I have tried
to give the House all the information on the sub-
ject I am possessed of. If gentlemen object, that
is their lookout. I hope the rules will be sus-
pended.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does the gentle-
man agree to accept my resolution as a modifica-
tion of his own?
Mr'. STANTON. I do not. Leteach resolu-
tion be voted for on its own merits.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the question now on the
motion to suspend the rules for the introduction
of the resolution in reference to this bill to organ-
ize the militia of the District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It is.
• Mr. MAYNARD. The District of Columbia
has got along very well for many years without
any such bill; and I do not see any good reason
for now proceeding to its consideration. On the
contrary, it seems to me that it will add fuel to
the present excitement.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 111,nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain. Alduch, AII< y,
William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt. Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buftinton, Burlingame, Burn-
ham, Buiterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clemens,
Coburn, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, Gooch,Graham, Grow,Gurley, Hale, Hall, Helmick,
Ihckman, Hoard, Holman, YVilliam Howaid, Humphrey,
Ilutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenvon,
Kilgore, Killingcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneckcr,
Looinis,Lovcjoy,Marston, Charles D.Martin, McClernand,
McKean, McKenty, MeKmght, MoPhcrson, Montgomery,
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Oiin,
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Edwin It. Rey-
nolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Clirutopher Robinson,
Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spauldmg, Spmner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyek, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladpr C.
Washburn, Eilihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wil-
son, and Woodruff—Ill.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Bocock, Boteler,
Bouhgny, .Brown, Bureh, Burnett, John B. Clark, Craw-
lord, De Jarnotte, Edmund*on, English, Etheridgo, Flor-
ence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartreil, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Mor-
rison Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hindman, Hughe*,
Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel,Larrabeo, James M. Leach, Leake,
Logan, Love, Maynard, Laban T. Moore, Niblack, Noell,
Peyton, Phelps, Pr>or. Quarles, Reagan, lti/rgs, James
C. Robinson, Sickles, Simmy, William N. H. Smith. Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stout, Thomas, Vallandighain, Vance,
Wlnteley, Winslovv, and Wright—5o.
So the rules were not suspended—two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
During the vote,
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. Allen,
was still detained at home by an affliction in his
family.
Mr. BOTELER said: Mr. Speaker, up to a
recent period, I have been in favor of this bill;
but, underexisting circumstances, I think itmost
impolitic to press it; and I therefore vote in the
negative.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Speaker, I find that this
bill for the better organization of the militia of the
District of Columbia was reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs on the 25th of June,
18G0, and that it was indorsed and its passage
recommended by the late Secretary of War in a
letter, the reading of which members on this side
of the House have objected to. Seeing nothing
in the existing condition of the country that would
not make the passage of this bill as justifiable at
present as it was when reported from one of the
standing committees of the House, and when it
was indorsed by the late Secretary of War, I
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. COBB. I learn by a dispatch that the con-
vention of Alabama has resolved that the Slate
ought to secede from this Union; and, until I learn
more on the subject than I know now, I must
decline to vote.
Mr. FLORENCE. Preferring the cultivation
of the arts of peace to those of war, I feel com-
pelled to vote " no."
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Mallory, was confined to his room
by indisposition.
Mr. SICKLES said: Mr. Speaker, there are
upon the statute-book, and now in force, several
statutes conferring power enough for the purpose
designed; and I therefore vote "no."
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
IIuffin", was confined to his room by indisposi-
tion.
Messrs. MORRIS, of Illinois, and MARTIN,
