1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: that I rose and was recog-
nized by the Chair, and while tins special order
was the subject-matter before the House, I moved
to postpone it: and that, while the gentleman from
Ohio may open and close, he has not the right to
occupy the floor during the whole intermediate
time between the opening and close; and this is
neither the opening1 nor the close of the thing.
Now, if the Chair decides against me, I appeal
from his decision, and ask for the yeas and nays
on the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House ?"
Mr. CURTIS. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the Chair will be kind
enough to state what his decision is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wdl state to the
House, that the rules of the Hpuse lequire that
the party introducing a bill, shall be entitled to
have the opening and close. That was decided
in a case at the present session—the case of Gov-
ernor Winslow—and the rule is positive. The
gentleman from Illinois rose, and the Chair as-
signed him the lloor without knowing for what
puipose he sought it. This matter was not yet
before the House at the time; it had not been
called. When it was called, the gentleman from
Ohio was entitled to the floor, and the Chan,
therefore, decided that the gentleman from Illinois
couid not move to postpone the special order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois is not in order, inas-
much as it proposes to postpone this matter be-
yond the period of the constitutional existence of
this Congress.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois has not been entertained. The
question is on the motion to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CORWIN. I suppose every gentleman
in the House has done the committee the honor
to read the bill which is now under consideration,
and therefore I will not take up the time of the
House by any explanations. It is one of those
acts which are so familiar to the legislation of the
country, that I presume there can be no objection
to it at all, unless that objection shall arise from
the measure itself. 1 call' the previous question.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to let me offer an amendment to this
bill of which I gave notice. [Cries of <cOb-
ject!"]
Mr. CORWIN. I must insist on the previous
question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and on that motion [ demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahineh, Alley, Ashley, Aveiv, Babbitt
Bealc, Bingham, Wan, Blake, Boeoe!:, Botelor, Bouhgny,
Brabson, Bianch, Biayton, Buffinton, Builmgame, Burnett,
Burnham. Caiey, Gaiter, Case, Cobuin, Colfax. Conway,
Covode, Button Ciaige, John G. Dav KDawc-, De Jaiuette,
Due!!, Edgeiton, Edmundson, Edvraid^Eltol, Rly, Fams-
worth, Fentou, Ferry, Florence, Fostei, Fiank, Garnett,
Gooch, Graham, Glow, Hale, Raskin, Jlatton, iliekman,
Ilimiman, Hoard, WilhamA. Howard, I-lumphrcj, Hutch-
lits, Irvine, Jenkins, Francis W. Kellogg, DeWitt C.
Leaeh, James M. Leach. Leake, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis,
Lovojoy, Maeiay, Maiston, Elbett S. Mauin. Majnard,
Melioan. Morrill, Moi^e, Nelson, Nibhick, Olm, Palme],
Perry, Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Piyor, tiuarles, Edwin It.
Kejnolds, John H. Reynolds, Chiistophei Robinson, James
C. Robinson. Xloyce, Sedgwick, William N. H. Smith,
Pome.-:, Spinner. Stevens, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thomas,Tompkins.Tiant,Tumble,Yallandigh.un, Vance,
Vand'-vo!. Van Wvek, Wado, Wafdron, Walton. Cadwal-
aderC. Wa-hlmrn. Eililui B. WTayhbutne.Wells, White.ley.
Wilson, Witidom. Win-low. Woodrulf, Woodson, and
VViijrht—115.
NA VP — Ml-im* Cliailes F. Adams, Giucn Adains.Adiani,
WilliamC Andewon, Ban, Brigg*, Bri^tow, Biown. Bmeh,
Butterfield, Campbell, ilojaee F. Clark, John B. Claik,
Clemen-. Ciaik B. Cochsane, John Cochrane. Conkltng.'
Convin. C><\. JaiiiC-. Craig H. Wintei Davi j, Delano. i)im-
mu k. Dunn. Engh-h. Etheudge. Fouko. Gihnei, J. Moni-
j-on Ham-. lohii T. Hart;-, ilohnun. Wtlh.im Ifowaid.
Hughe.-. Juukm, William Kellogg, Kenyon Kifeoiu, Kil
hngei, Kunkel, Lariabec, Logan, MaJlory, Chailes D. Mar-
tin, McCleinand, McKcnty, McKmght,Mcpherson, Mill-
son. La!ianT.Moose,Mooihead. Edvvaid Joy Moiris, Isaac
N. Morns Nixon,Noel!, Pendleton, Pottit,Peyton, Poitei,
Puce, Pag!??, Sickles, Snnms, Spauldmg, Stanton, Steven-
son. .fumes A. Stewuit, Stoke*, S tuition, Thayer, Webster,
and Wood—71.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. CURTIS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Anderson, of Missouri, on all political ques-
tions, Mr. Anderson having been called home in
consequence of sickness in his family.
Mr. Q.UARLES (when his name was called)
said: This bill being inconsistent with the adjust-
ment recently agreed upon by the commissioners
sent to this city by twenty-one of the States of
this Union, I "vote "ay."
Mr. GTJRLEY (not bein  within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. QUARLES objected.
Mr. GURLEY stated lie would have voted
" ay."
Mr. OTERO addressed the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to debate.
Mr. OTERO. May I be allowed to say a word ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. OTERO. I think there is a misunderstand-
ing in the House in regard to this matter.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. OTERO. I do really think that a gentle-
man who cannot vote here should at least b*e al-
lowed to speak, it being the only privilege he has
under the rule.
Mr. HINQjVIAN. The gentleman has not the
right to inteirupt the voting.
Mr. FRENCH (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made. .
The calling of the roll being completed,
Mr. OTERO said: I hope 1 may be allowed to
make a few remarks at this time.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. OTERO. I know there is not information
enough before the House on this matter.
The SPEAKER. We cannot have debate now.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. HINDMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid,on the table; and also
moved to lav the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. S
I S
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was read fiom the Senate by Mr.
Patton, one of their clerks, informing the House
that the Senate insist upon their amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 805) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 186*2, non-concuned in by
the House of Representatives; disagree to the
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate, and agree to the conference on the dis-
agieemg votes of'the two Houses; and that they
had appointed Messrs. Peahce, FcssENDEN,and
Rice as the committee on the pait of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled the bill (S. No.
210) for the relief of Augustus H. Evans; when
the Speaker signed the same.
FUGITIVES FKOM LABOR.
The SPEAKER announced that the next part
of the special order for the consideration of the
House, was the bill for the amendment of the act
for the rendition of fugitives from labor.
The bill was read a "first and second time.
Mr. CORWIN. I am obliged to consider that
the House has fully in possession the merits of
this bill. I have, therefore, as on the other occa-
sion, no explanation to make concerning it. I
dare say members have perused it with great care.
1 call tho previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the tahk", and on that 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I ask my colleague
to withdraw the call for the previous question. I
have an amendment to offer to the first section,
which I presented several weeks ago. It is that
which Mi. (✓lay submitted in 1850, m the Senate.
iiMjunni^ the claimant to give bond that the al-
leged fugitive shall luivc a trial by jury, if ho de- .
sires it, in the Slate from which he is alleged to
have fled.
The SPEAKER. The question before the'
House is, the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGIiAM. " I desire to know*
whether my colleague declines to withdraw the
previous question?
. Mr.CORWIN. I cannot withdraw it, for there
are five or six other gentlemen who would also
want to offer amendments.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I will vote
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. No debate is possibly in
order. •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call for the reading;
of the bill.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
every poison arrested under the laws of Congress lor the
dehveiy upot fugitives from labor shall he produced before
a court, judge, or commissioner, mentioned in the law ap-
proved the 18t!i of September, 1850, for the State or Terri-
tory wherein the an est, may be made; and upon such pro-
duction of the peison, together with the proofs, mentioned
in the sixth oi the tenth section of said act, such court,
judge, or commissioner, bhail proceed to hear and consider
the same publicly; and if sueli court, judge, or commis-
sioner, i^ of opinion that the person arrested owes labor or
service to the claimant according to the laws of any other
State, Tenitory, or the Distnct of Columbia, and escaped
therei'ioni, the court, judge, or commissioner shall make
out and deliver to the claimant, or his agent, a certificate
stating those facts; and if the said fugitive shall, upon the
decision of the court, judge, or commissioner being made
known to him, aver that he*is free, and docs not owe ser-
vice or labor according to the law of the State or Territory
to which he is to he returned, such aveiment shall be en-
tered upon the certificate, and, the fugitive shall be deliv-
ered by the court, judge, or commis ioner to the marshal,
to be by him taken and delivered to the martial of the
United State*, for the State or district from which the fugi-
tive is. ascertained to have; fled, who shall produce said
fugitive beioie one of the judges of the circuit court of the
United States lor the last-mentioned State oi district, whose
duty it shall be, if bald alleged fugitive shall persist in his
averment, loilhwith, or at the next term of the circuit court,
to cause a jury to be impanelled and swoin to try the issue
whether such fugitive owe-s labor oi service to the peison
by or on behalf of whom ho is claimed, and a true veidict
to give accoiding to the evidence, on which trial the fugi-
tive shall be entitled to the aid of counsel and to process for
piocunng evidence at the cost of the United States; and
upon such finding the judge shall lender judgment, and
cause said fugitive to be delivered to the claimant, or re-
turned to the place where he was arrested, at the expense
of the United States, accoiding to the {lading of the jury;
and if the judge ot couit he not satisfied with the verdict, he
may cause another jury to he impanelled forthwith, whose
verdict shall be final. And it shall be the duty ot said mar-
shal so delivering &aid alleged fugitive, to take from the
marshal of the State from which said fugitive is alleged to
have escaped, a certificate acknowledging that said alleged
fugitive had been delivered to him, giving a minute descrip-
tion of said alleged fugitive, which certificate shall be au-
thenticated by the United States district judge, or a com-
missioner of a United Slates com t for said State fiom which
fcaul fugitive was alleged to have escaped, which certificate
shall be filed in the office ot llm clerk of the United States
district court for the State or district in which said alleged
fugitive was sei/.ed, witlun sixty days fiom the date of the
ai i es.t of -said lugitive : and should said marshal fail to com-
ply with the provisions ot tins act, he shall be deemed
guilty ol a misdemeanor, and shall be punislvd by a fine of
$1,000 and impiisoned4or six months, and until his said
fine i< paid.
Sec. %2. *ind l>eit further enaded. That no citizen of any
State shall be compelled to aid the tuais-hal or ownei of any
fugitive in the captuie or detention of such fugitive. unles3
when force is employed or reasonably apprehended to pre-
vent fciich capiuie or detention, too powerful to hi; resisted
by the mai-ihal oi ownci ; and the fees of the commis-
sioner appointed under the act of 18th September, 1850,
shall be ten dollars for every case heard  nd determined by
such commissioner.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Avery, Barret, Beale, Bingham,
Blake, Dotelci, Biabson, Biown, Buffinton, jJuclingame,
Burnett, Carey. John 13. Claik, Comvay, Burton Ciaige,
Dawes, De Jamette, Duel!, Edgerton, Sdmund^on, Ed-
wards. Eliot. Farrii.worth, Fentou, Foster, Frank, <iarnctt,
Gooch', C tow, John T. flan is. Hatton, Hickman, II indman,
Hughes, fJutchins, Irvine, Jenkins, Kunkel, DeWitt C.
Leach. James M. Leach, Leake, Lovejoy, Maliory. Mais-
ton, Elbert S. Mai fin, Milk-on, Nelson, Noetl, iVjtou,
Potter. Pryor. fluarles, Edwin R. Reynolds, Royce, Rtiffin,
Sedgwick, Simms, William N. EL Snufh. Somes, Stevens,
Steven-on, Tappan, Thomas. Vance, Van Wyck, Cadwal-
adei O Wa«hburn, Ellihu B. Washbuine, Wells, White-
lev. Wilson, Woodson, and Wright—73.
"IVAVS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Alley, William O. Anderson, Babbitt, Barr, Blair,
Biayton, Ihiggs, Bur-tow, Butch. Buriiham, Butterfie'id.
Campbell, Cain1!, Case. Il'naee F. Claik, Clemens, Co-
buin, John Cochrane, Coiiax. Conkhng. Coiwin, Oo\. {1.
Wmtei Davi--, John G. Davi-:. Delano. Dhmniek. Dunn,
Elv, English. Fen\, Florence. Fouke. Fiench. Cuiley,
IJaie. Hail. J. Motri-.nn Ilani^. Ha^kui, Ileiimck. Iloaid,
Ilolman, William Howard, William A. liowaid, Hum-
