1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
of Virginia, not being within the bar when their
names were called, asked leave to vote.
. Objection was made.
_ Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up the Army bill, for
general debate.
Mr. WALDRON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield to the gentleman to
introduce his proposition, if there be no objection.
The SPEAKER. A mistake was made in ref-
erence to the vote just announced. The vote was
—yeas 111, nays 56. The Chair votes in the af-
firmative, and that suspends the rules; and the
resolution is therefore before the House.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BURCH. I have been trying for some
time to have my vote recorded on the suspension
of the rules. [Cries of " Too late !"1
Mr. BURNETT. No, it is not too late. The
Chair brought the question back before the House
after it had betn disposed of, and cast his vote;
and I insist that the gentleman from California
has the right to vote as well.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, in all fair-
ness, that he cannot decline to receive the vote of
the gentleman from California. The gentleman
will vote.
Mr. BURCH. I vote "no."
Mr. STANTON. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. BURCH. I am a member of the select
committee of thirty-three, and have a right to vote
at any time before the result is announced. I vote
" no."
The SPEAKER. The vote stands—yeas 111,
nays 57; so the rules are not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
BELIEF OF CERTAIN CIIIPPEVVAS, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my motion.
Mr. WALDRON. Let me first submit my
proposition to the House. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill No. 85, for the relief of certain Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and directed
to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawat-
omie Indians, now residing in Michigan, and who
were parties to the treaties made at Chicago on
the'2Gth and 27th of September, 1833, between the
United States and the united nation of Indians,
or to their descendants, their full proportion per
capita of all the sums of money agreed to be paid
by the United States to the united nation of In-
dians by the treaties of July 29, 1829, and Sep-
tember 26, 1833, and the articles supplementary
thereto of September 27,1833, and of June 5 and
17,184G, with the Pottawatomie nation of Indians;
provided that, upon examination, it shall appear
that the moneys are still m the Treasury of the
United States for, or have been paid out to, the
Pottawatomie nation; whereupon the payments
shall be made out of the moneys belonging or
accruing to the Pottawatomie nation.
Mr. Q.UARLES objected to the introduction
of the bill.
Mr. WALDRON moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
introduced and read a first and second time.
Mr. WALDRON called the previous question
upon the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the op-
eration thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WALDRON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion to
go into the Committee of the AVhole on the state
of the Union. But I will say that, if there are
any propositions which gentlemen desire to intro-
duce, which can pass by unanimous consent, I
shall have no objection to their being introduced
if I have the right to hold the floor while they
kdo so,
SrfThe SPEAKER. That would hardly be in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist upon my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAICER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for
the relief of Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District
of Columbia; when the Speaker signed the same.
The House then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair.) ■
* ARMY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
take up the bill (H. R. No. 899) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1862, for general debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The first reading of the bill was, by unanimous
consent, dispensed with.
The Clerk read the first clause pf the bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Chairman, when
an impending danger can be no longer stayed or
averted, is it not the part of wisdom and duty
to meet, and, if possible, overcome it? Such, I
think, is a sound canon of statesmanship. Acting
on this belief, I propose rather briefly to deal with
the question of secession now actually upon us.
First, I deny the constitutional right of any State ,
to secede from the Union; second, I deprccate the'
exercise of any such assumed right as a measure
of revolution, which, in the present case, must
embroil the country in a sanguinary and wastang
civil war. Starting with these postulates, I/pro-
ceed with the effort to make them good. Itf
Our fathers, just emerged from colonial thral-
dom, and jealous of consolidated political power,
when they come to frame the Articles of Confed-
eration, adopted in 1778, run into the opposite ex-
treme of dispersed and divided power. They
formed an alliance, or at most a league, of sover-
eign States, under what might be called a treaty
between independent Governments. In the lan-
fuage of one of the articles, they enteredinto <(a
rm league of friendship with each other for the
common defense;" no more. Hcnce the Gov-
ernment, or Congress of the Confederation, was
wholly destitute of any essential faculty of sov-
ereignty. It had neither the right to prescribe a
rule of action for its constituent body, nor the
power to enforce one. It was without legislative,
executive, or judicial authority. It could only
advise, recommend,and entreat;and even the right
to do that was closely circumscribed.
Founded upon a league of sovereign and inde-
pendent States, its exhibitions of authority were
addressed to States whose interpretations of their
Federal obligations might or might not bind them
to compliance. It acted not upon individuals,
nor had the right to do so; but, without coherence,
without unity of principle or of action, without
the power to preserve itself or to conserve tjie
interests of its authors, like the Amphyctionic
Council, the Achaen League, the Helvetic, the
Germanic, and the Belgrc Confederacies; like all
mere national federations, it fell into pieces in
consequence of its own weight, of its own inher-
ent weakness and want of vitality.
The evils of this system disclosed themselves
in two most striking forms: one in the domestic
relations of the States; the other in their relations
with foreign Governments. In regard to the
former, we learn that the period elapsing between
the treaty of peace with the mother country and
the organization of the present Government, was
one maiked by angry controversies and rivalries.
The conflicting views of the several States in re-
gard to their commercial, agricultural, and man-
ufacturing interests often prompted them to un-
friendly measures, not unfrequently in the form
of legislative reprisals, having the effect not only
to cripple their internal trade, but their foreign
commerce; and incessantly to threaten them with
the horrors of civil war.
Foreign nations were encouraged to take ad-
vantage of this state of things. They imposed
upon our foreign navigation and commerce just
such restrictions as they deemed most conducive
to their own interests. They excluded our ship-
pingfrom thebenefitsofthedrown commerce,while
they daringly and lawlessly strove to monopolize
the benefits of ours. And, as a consequence of
these and other kindred measures, our foreign
navigation was ruined, ouragriculture paralyzed,
our mechanics impoverished, and the little money
remaining in the country threatened with banish-
ment from it. To boot of all this, the ordinary
administration of justice was threatened with over-
throw by the clamors and desperation of penniless
debtors. Indeed, we are informed that such was
the excess of wretchedness continually accumu-
lating from the slow but progressive destruction
of all the resources of industry and credit that
the calamity overwhelming all classes was more
hopeless than that occasioned by the ravages of
the Revolution itself.
To remedy these and other evils incident to the
old system,the present Constitution was adopted.
How remedy them ? is the question now to be con-
sidered. Was it by restoring the old league of
independent sovereignties; by repeating the com-
plete failure realized by it? Such, strange to say,
is the argument of the secessionists; indeed, of
all those who insist that the relations of the sev-
eral States as co-members of this Union, depend
upon the pleasure,, nay the caprice, of each;; that
each has an absolute right, at any moment, to
withdraw from it; that there is no paramount
authority anywhere to prevent it. This doctrine,
although countenanced, as I have already said,
by the theory of the old confederation, is, never-
theless, contradicted by many of the leading
characteristics of the revolutionary epoch.
Appealing to history, we find that the idea of
the nationality of the American people is as old
as the Revolution itself. The authority of the
first Congress, meeting in Philadelphia, on the
4th ofSeptember, 1774,wasproc]aimedin the name
of the people of the colonies, and not in the name
of the colonial governments. So, the Declaration
of Independence was adopted in the name and by
the authority " of the people of the United States,
and not in the name and by the authority of sep-
arate sovereignties. It was a national act, and
not the act of several parties; it was an act only
competent to be performed by the whole people,
because it involved a change of government as to
all. So, the revolutionary war was a national
measure prosecuted for seven years by the com-
bined forces of all the colonies for the benefit of
all. So, the treaty of peace, in 17B3, was made,
on the one part, by the United States as one na-
tion, and by it Great Britain, on the other part,
recognized our independence as one nation—the
United States—and not as separate States. Such,
too, is the testimony of the Supreme Court of the
United States—often repeated arguendo in the
course of its adjudications. In renhallow vs.
Doane, (1. Pet. Con. Rep. 21.,) Justice Patter-
son, delivering the opinion of that court, said:
"The danger being imminent and common, it became
necessary for the people or colonies to coalesce and act in
concert, in order to divert the gathering storm. They ac-
cordingly grew into union and formed one great political
body, of winch Congress was the directing principle and
soul." "The truth is that the States, individually, were
not known nor teeogriized assovereigh by foreign nations,
nor are they now."
In Ware vs. Hylton, (Idem, p. 99,) Judge Chase,
delivering the opinion of the same couit, said:
" It appears to me that the powers of Congress during
that whole period were derived from the people they rep-
resented, expressly given through the medium of their State
conventions or State LegisJatuics ; or that, after they were
exercised, they weie implicitly ratified by the acquiescence
and obedience of the people."
Again; in Chisholm's Executors vs. the State
of Georgia, (Idem, p. 635,) Chief Justice Jay, de-
livering the opinion of the same court, said:
" The Revolution, or rather the Declaration of Independ-
ence, found the people already united lor general purposes,
and, at the same time, provided for their more domestic
concerns by State conventions, and other temporary ar-
rangements. From the Ciown of Great Britain, the"sov-
ereignty of their count)y passed to the people of it; and
thirteen sovereignties w *re considered as emerging from
the principles of the Revolution, combined by local con-
venience and considerations. The people, nevertheless,
continued to consider themselves, iu a national point of
view as one people; and they continued, without inter-
ruption, to manage their national concerns aeeordiJigly.5>
The same idea penetrated the convention that
framed the Constitution, and'ruling its counsels,
stamped that instrument with it&national impress.
Both the proceedings of the convention, and the
language of the Constitution, attest this fact.
