368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
-Early after the convention met, Edmund Ran-
dolph,of Virginia, offered for consideration apian
of government, proposing to enlarge the powers
of the Confederation; and, among other things,
m-oviding that the National Legislature should
have power to " call forth the force of the Union
against any member of the Union failing to fulfill
its duties under the articles thereof." Another
plan, however, contemplating a National, rather
than a Federal Government, was filially adopted,
and became the basis of the present Constitution.
.Thai plan is embodied in the following resolves;
Which were adopted by the convention:
" X. That a union of States, merely Federal, will not ae-
complish.the objects proposed by the Articles of Confed-
eration, namely, common defense, seeunty of liberty, and
general welfare.
6t 2. That no treaty or treaties among the whole or a part
of the States, as individual sovereignties, would be suffi-
cient.
"3. That a National Government ought to be established,
consisting of a supreme legislative, executive, and judi-
ciary."
In support of the same principles, under the
name of the "Virginia plan," Mr. Randolph
said:
" { am certain that a National Government must be
established, and Uiis is the only moment when it can be
done."
Mr. Madison said.
. " It is impossible for the Articles of Confederation to be
amended—they are too tottering to be invigorated—noth-
ing hut the present, (national system,) or something like it,
can restore the peace and harmony of the country."
Mr. Wilson said:
" The people expect relief from their present embarrassed
situation, and look up for it to this national convention;
ayd it follows that.they expect a National Government;
and, therefore, the plan of Virginia has the preference to
th<s othei."
Mr. Hamilton said:
"I. A good Governmentought to be constant,and ought
to contain an active principle. 2. Utility and necessity.
3. An habitual sense of obligation. 4. Force. f>. Influ-
ence."
Further, and if possible, stiil stronger evidence
of the intention of the framcrs of the Constitu-
tion, and of the true nature of that instrument,
may be found in the following letter of the con-
vention to the President of the Congress of the
Confederation, dated September 17, 1787:
"Sir: Wo have now the honor to submit to the consid-
eration of the United States in Congress assembled lhat
Constitution which has appeared to us the most advisable.
"The friends of our countty have long seen and desired
that the power of making war, peace, mid tieaties ♦, that of
levying ijmi>ey, and regulating commerce, and the eorie-
spondeut executive and judicial authoiities, should be Inlly
and efl'eetually vested in the General Government of the
Union; but the impiopriety of delegating such extensive
trust to one body of men is evident; hence results the ne-
cessity of a different organization.
" It is obviously impracticable in the Federal Govern-
ment of these States, to secure all tight* of independent sov-
ereignty to each, and yet provide lor the interest and safety
of all. Individuals, entering into society, must give up a
share of liberty to preserve the rest. The magnitude of the
sacrifice miht depend as well on situation and circum-
stance, as on the object to be obtained. Ii is at all times
difficult fo draw with precision the line between tbo< e
rights which must be surrendered and those which maybe
reserved; and, on the present occasion, tins difficulty was
increased by a difference among the .several St<ite> a.s to
their situation, extent, habits, and paitieular intciests.
" In all our deliberations on thin subject, we kept steadily
in our view that which appears to us the greater inteie-t
of every true American—the consolidation of om Union—
in which is involved our prosperity, felicity, safety, por-
• hapd our national existence. This important considera-
tion, seriously and deeply impicssed on our minds, led eaeii
State in the convention to be less rigid on points of infe-
rior magnitude than might have been otherwise expected;
and thus the Constitution, which we now present, is the
res.uk of a spirit of amity, and of that mutual defeienccand
concession which the peculiarity of our political situation
rendered indispensable.
il That it will meet the full and entire approbation of eveiy
State is not, perhaps, to be expected; but each will, doubt-
Jess, consider, that had her iuteiest been alone consulted,
the; consequences might have been partieulaily disagree-
able or injuiious to others. That it is liable to as few ex-
ceptions as could reasonably have been expected, we hope
and believe. That it may promote the lasting welfare of
that country, >.o dear to us all, and secure lier freedom and
happine^, is our most anient wish."
I hardly need add that this letter was the unani-
mous act of the convention; and after being signed
by jts president, George Washington, was com-
municated to the Congress of the. Confederation
by " unanimous older of the convention." And
what is its import? Certainly that the prime ob-
ject of the convention was to consolidate "one
Union" by disintegrating a portion of the sover-
eignty of the Slates, and vesting the same " fully
and effectually" in a common nauonal Govern-
ment; and that the infirmities of the Confedera-
tion created the necessity for it. In the compre-
hensive and perspicuous language of the conven-
tion, " our prosperity^ felicity, safety, perhaps outj
national existence" itself, depended upon it.
I come now to inquire whether the language
of the Constitution itself does not sustain this
interpretation of its character. The Articles of
Confederation declared themselves to be articles
of "perpetual union,'3 but were void of power to
make good the declaration. The present Consti-
tution, amending, extending and reorganizing the
powers of the confederation, declares the same
purpose. Its preamble is in these words:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form,a
more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, piomote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our 'posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution
for the united States of America." 0
Hence, the Constitution, in its very preamble,
proclaims itself to be the act of the people—" of the
people of the United States,''and notof the Slates,
as such, either collectively or individually; and
at the same time styles the same people as a nation
—the " United States of America;" while, viewed
as an amendment to the Articles of Confedera-
tion, it provides for "a more perfect union," as
a means of insuring the 4 * perpetual union " con-
templated by those articles.
In no just view could the States have formed
such an instrument. As governments created by
the people, they had no moral or legal right to
destroy themselves, or to abdicate or alienate
their powers. Their powers were held by them,
in trust, for the benefit of the people; who alone
were competent to redispose of them, who alone
are competent to malce and unmake governments.
As the people formed the State governments, so
they formed the United States Government. Each,
alike, sprung from the creative womb of the peo-
ple alike derives its sovereignty from them.
As to the process by which the national Gov-
ernment was formed, it is simple enough. It
was by the people resuming a portion of the sov-
ereignty of the States and re-embodying it in the
form of that government. The extent of its sov-
ereignty, and of the piolubitions imposed upon
that of the States, measures the diminution of
the sovereignty of the latter. In one aspect it is
national; in another it, is federal. It is national
in the objects of Us powers, and federal m the
limitation of those objects; it is national in what
is delegated to it, and federal in what is reserved
to the States. Its jurisdiction is of our external
and common internal relations; while that of the
States is of their respective internal and domestic
affairs.
Not only was the Constitution the act of the
people in its creation, but still more, it is the act
of the people by virtue of their subsequent formal
ratification of it, through their directly-appointed
agents, it is true that the act of ratification was
performed by the people dividedly, as distinct, local
communities, and not collectively; nevertheless, it
was performed by the people, and the whole people.
And so said Mr. Momoe, substantially, in a re-
sponsible official form—Mr. Monroe, who had
opposed the adoption of the Constitution, for the
very reasons here urged. He said:
" The great office of the (Federal) Constitution, by incor-
porating the people of the t-everal States, to the extent of
its poweis, into one community, and enabling it to act di-
rectly on tlie people, (the only parties to it,) was to annul
the powers ot the State governments to that extent. The
Government of the United States lelies on its own means,
for the execution of (all) its powers, as the State govern-
ments do foi the execution of theirs j both governments
having a common original sovereign, the people: the State
governments, the people of each State; the national Gov-
ernment, the people of every State ; each being amenable
to the powoi that created it. It is by executing its func-
tions as a Government, thus originating and thus acting,
that the Constitution of the United States holds the States
together, and peiloinis the otiice of a Joague. It ia owing
to the nature ot its powers, that it perlorms that office
better tiian the confedeiation, or any league which ever
existed, being a compact which the State governments did
not form, to which they are not parties, and which exe-
cutes its own powers independently of them."
Moreover, the Constitution, in the first clause
of the fourth article, draws an express distinction
between the " United States'' mentioned therein
and the " confederation." That clause is in these
words:
" All debts contracted and engagements enteied into be-
fore the adoption ot this Constitution, shall be as valid
against the United States under this Constitution as under
the confaUration."
If the Constitution was only a league or com-
pact, soluble at the discretion of any of the par-
tics to it, why this distinction? If it was only a
renewal of those articles, why its adoption atall ?
There was no reason for adopting it if it had not
I been believed to be an improvement upon the sys-
tem which it was designed to substitute.
But, independent of this, the Constitution, in
the character of other of its provisions, proves
not only its popular origin, but its paramount au-
thority and indissoluble nature. It organizes a
legislative, judiciary, and an executive depart-
ment, and confides to each its appropriate sover-
eign functions. To the Legislature the enactment
of laws; to the judiciary the exposition of them;
and to the Executive the execution of them. It
declares that " Congress shall have power to lay
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises;'*
to " borrow money," to "regulate commerce,"
to " coin money and regulate the value thereof,"
to " declare war," to "raise andsupportarmies,"
to " provide and maintain aNavy, "and to 44 make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and
all other powers vested by the " Constitution in
the Government of the United States," &c.
Mark, I repeat, the nature of those powers:
they are not only eminently sovereign, but are
admitted to be so by the plain language of the
Constitution. The power "to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises," is commen-
surate with an absolute control over the substance
of the people for the purposes defined in the Con-
stitution. And the power " to declare war," and
" to raise and support armies," and " to provide
and maintain a Navy," involves an absolute con-
trol of the sword; thus combining in the Govern-
ment of the United States both the sinews and
the weapon of war.
On the other hand, the Constitution declares
that:
u No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or con-
federation, grant letters of marque and repi isal,coin money,
omit bills ot credit, make anything but gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts, pass any bill of attainder, ex
post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts,
oi jyant any title of nobility.
uNo State shall, without the consent of the Congress,
lay any imposts or duties on imports or e\potts, except
what may he absolutely necessary lor executing its inspec-
tion laws ; and the net produce of ail duties and imposts
laid by any State on impoits or exports, shall be for the use
of the Tiea-«ury of the United States; and all such laws
shall be subject to tin; revision and control of the Con-
gie-.s.
" No State shall, without the consent of Congiess, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep tioops or ships-of-War m time of
peacc, enter into any agicement or compact with another
State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in war, unless
actually invaded, oi in such imminent danger as will riot
admit of delay."
In view of both of these provisions of the Con-
stitution, one positive and the other negative, how
can it be said that the national Government, pro
tanto, is not sovereign, and the States to the same
extent subordinate? Any other conclusion seems
to oie to be equally irreconcilable with reason and
the letter of the Constitution. I say letter of the
Constitution, because the second clause of the
sixth article of the Constitution declares that—
k' This Constitution, and the laws of the United States,
which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land ; and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in the constitution or laws ot any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
And the Constitution, after thus proclaiming its
own supremacy, makes that supremacy a test
of official character, by requiring every officer,
whether of the State or national Government, to
swear to that supremacy. Such is the effect of
the last clause of the article last quoted from,
which is as follows:
"The Senators and Representatives before mentiened,
and the membeis of the several State Legislature-*, and all
executive and judicial officers, both of the United States
and ot the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirm-
ation, to suppoit the Constitution."
Again: if it were true that the States, as arti-
ficial bodies, had formed the General Government
by contributions from their sovereignty; if this
were so, does it follow that they would have any
more or better right to dissolve the Government
than the people themselves, if it had been formed
by them ? Surely not; for, in the one ease, the
States, as artificial persons, would stand in the
same relation to the common Government, as the
people, as natural persons, wouid in the other;
