THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PEOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1861.
New Series No. 84.
Mr. WHITELEY. That is the spirit of it. I
will read ths language of the Constitution:
" A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
othei crime, who shall flee from justice, and be found in
another State, shall, on ornnand o(the executive authority
ot the State front which he {led, be delivered up to be re-
moved to the fetate having jurisdiction of the cinne."
" On the demand of the executive authority of
the State from which lie fled !" That is the lan-
guage of the Constitution. This bill, if I may be
allowed to say so, is the greatest stride ever made
toward consolidation, and in violation of all the
rights of every State in the Union. [Cries of
" That is right!"]
Mr. CORWIN. I do not know but that it is
well to make some effort toward consolidation,
since the general tendency is toward disintegration.
But what I wish to submit to the House now,
is this: 1 think that the very words the gentleman
has referred to, are those referred to in the clause
of the Constitution, as to the rendition of fugi-
tives from labor. It has been decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, that when the
demand is made for a fugitive from labor, that
demand shall be made upon the officers of the
Federal Government, and not upon those of the
State government: and they have appointed com-
missioners, whom they cali officers of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, for that very reason.
Then as to the propriety of the law, what the
committee desired to avoid was, the contradictory
decisions made by Governors of the States, who
arc not always very competent judges of Consti-
tutional law, I am sorry to say. In some States
they will deliver up no fugitives from justice for
an alleged offense, unless that alleged offense is
also a crime by the laws of the State to which the
fugitive has fled. Now, then, if we can submit
this to a judicial officer of the United States—it
being clearly the duty of the Federal Government
to see thai that clause of the Constitution is faith-
fully executed—then we shall at least arrive at
one point, which all agree is desirable.
I have always been satisfied, Mr. Speaker—
although very high authorities have differed from
me in that particular—that the Constitution did
intend, undoubtedly, to leave each State to have
its own criminal laws; to make that a crime which
they might, in their judgment, consider offensive
to the peace of their own community. If the
practice which has prevailed in the .States under
the old law should be continued, it is perfectly
settled that the gieat end of establishing the sov-
ereign power of a State, to have its own criminal
jurisprudence, will always be defeated, piovided
the Governor of a State does not choose to recog-
nize those criminal laws as binding upon him.
You may take the whole criminal code of a State,
and if it should differ, in toto ccelo, from the crim-
inal code of another State, and the Governor of
that other State should decide—as Governors often
have decided—that the offense charged is not a
crime in the State to which the man has fled, and
that there is no obligation upon him to deliver up
the fugitive to be tried in the State where it is a
crime, then it is in the power of the Governor of
any State to defeat entirely the criminal laws of
any other State. Now, I speak with great respect,
both for Federal and Slate officeis; but I do say
that the Governors of States are not elected with
an especial reference to their judicial acquirements,
or to their legal knowledge. I, therefore, think
that that is an inappropriate tribunal to submit
this question to. What I dcsiie is, that the ju-
diciary of the United States—as it is clearly within
their province—should determine what is the
meaning of that provision of the Constitution; and
then we shall have a uniform course of decisions;
and if the law, as established by the judiciary, is
found to be so injurious to the sovereignty of the
States as the gentleman from Delaware seems to
consider, why, then, the people of the United
States can change it,and make itspecifically what-
ever they please. At present, we have one law in
one State and another in another—just as diversi-
fied as the opinions of the Governors of the States
may be—in reference to what constitutes crime.
84
These are the reasons, Mr. Speaker, which in-
duced the committee to look into this matter, as
we thought it came especially within those sub-
jects winch liad been confided to us. I would call
the previous question; but I will give way to my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] if he will
agree to renew the call for the previous question
when he has concluded his remarks.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I have but a
very few observations to submit to the House. 1
confess that my first impressions were against
the propriety of the change contemplated by this
bill; but, upon consideration of the question, I
have come to the conclusion, that, for the very
reason which the gentleman from Delaware has
assigned as an objection to this bill, I ought to
support it; for, sir, I know nothing more anom-
alous, in the view of a State-rights man, than the
act of 1793, which is proposed to be amended by
this bill.
There are two clauses in the Constitution au-
thorizing the surrender of fugitives. They both
occur in the same article of the Constitution. They
are in juxtaposition. One follows the other. They
are intended to involve the same class of powers.
The phraseology is the same. The first provides
for the surrender of fugitives from labor; the other,
for the surrender of fugitives from justice. The
one declare! that the fugitive shall be delivered
up; and the other provides that the fugitive shall
be delivered up. Now, in both cases the same
power is given, in the same article of the Consti-
tution, and in clauses which are in juxtaposition.
The same words are used. It is clear that the
Constitution intended that fugitives, in both eases,
should be delivered up by the same authority;
and yet, in 1793, an act was passed by Congress
'providing that fugitive slaves should be delivered
up by the judicial authorities, and fugitives from
justice should be delivered up by the executive
authorities of the States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope that, without any
departure from State rights, I may safely con-
clude that whenever any powers arc conferred by
the Constitution upon the Federal Government,
it is intended that the Federal Government shall
provide the necessary machinery for carrying
them into execution; otherwise such grant of
powers would be a meie compact between the
States, to be complied with or violated at the
pleasure of the parties making the compact. Now,
while it is undoubtedly true that the whole Con-
stitution is the result of a compact, yet so far as
that compact involves the delegation of powers to
the Federal Government, it was intended that the
Government should execute the delegated powers
and should provide the machinery for carrying
them into effect. Now, one word m reply to the
gentleman from Delaware, who says that this
would consolidate the Government. Why, of
course, sir, it will give to the Government an op-
portunity of enforcing and executing the powers
granted by the Constitution to the Government,
and if that be consolidation, then the imposition
of duties upon imported merchandise is consoli-
dation, bccause it is the execution by the Federal
Government of powers granted by the Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 will hear it presently. I
prefer to go on now without interruption. Let
us turn to the phraseology of the act of 1793,
which is the act proposed to be amended. I ask
the gentleman from Delaware if he has ever seen
in any act of Congress a more violent blowupon
State'rights and State authonty. That act is as
follows:
u Be it enactedbi/the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statesof slmencaiii Congress cesiC7nbledi That
whenever the executive authoritv of anv srtate in the
Union, or of either of the Tfi mono* nouhwe-t or couth of
the liver Ohio, "hall demand any pcrssou us u fugitive fi oni
justice," &c., " it &hali be the dut} —
Whose duty ?
" It shall the duty of the evoeimve authority of the State
or Terntory to which such peison," &c.
Here is the Congress of the United States un-
dert&king to declare what shall be duty of the
Governors of States. The Constitution does not
declare that the surrender shall be made by the
Governors of the States. The duties of the Gov-
ernor of a State are limited and prescribed by the
constitution of that State, and by no other human
authority; and yet the Congress of the United
States comes forward and says that it shall be the
duty of the Governor of a State to do a particular
thing.
Mr. WHITELEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. MILLSON. Not at present. Sir, this is
the State-rights theory that I am maintaining.
This is not the consolidation doctrine that 1 am
defending; ancf'I will state to the gentleman from
Delaware that most of the States of this Union
have, at different times,declared that it is not com-
petent for Congress either to increase or diminish
the powers of any officer of a State.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MILLSON. As soon as I have expanded
this idea, I will give way to the gentlemen who
desire to interrogate me.
Sir, the whole legislation of the northern States
prohibiting the State agency from being invoked
to assist in the execution of the fugitive slave
law, proceeds upon the same notion: that Con-
gress cannot confide to the authorities of a State
the execution of any of the Federal duties. And
I would state that the Commonwealth of Virginia,
which has, I trust, some little reputation as an
exponent of the State-rights doctrine, many years
ago—more than forty years ago—decided, through
her highest criminal court, and decided, I believe,
with almost absolute unanimity, that it was not
competent for Congress to impose duties upon
justices of the peace, or any other judicial offi-
cers of the State of Virginia; and if they under-
took to confer any powers upon such officers,
they could act only as ministerial agents, and
might act or refuse to act, at their pleasure. Other
States have, no doubt, adopted similar views. I
know that almost all the northern States have
done so, if not all, and I know that many of the
southern States have taken the same view of the
subject. They hold that the judicial or executive
officers of a State, deriving their authority from
that State, cannot be required by Congress to ex-
ecute any function not imposed upon them by the
constitution of their own State.
And now, sir, I do not hesitate to say, with this
view of the law, that if any northern or southern
State should refuse to surrender any fugitive from
justice, you are entirely without remedy.
Mr. WHITELEY. I do not desire to take up
the time of the gentleman from Virginia, by giv-
ing my ideas in legard to the construction of this
Government, and of the rights of the States un-
der it. All I say is this: that the best testimony
of the construction of the Constitution is the tes-
timony given by acts of Congress concurrent with
the adoption of that instrument. Now, sir, I hold
that to the article of the Constitution in refer-
ence to the rendition of fugitives from justice, a
construction was given by the Congress of 1793,
six years after the adoption of the Constitution;
and it shows as plainly as one act can show the
intention of the acts of other parties, what was
intended by the members of the convention that
formed the Constitution of the United States.
That act says, a fugitive from justice, "upon the
demand of the Executive of one State, shall be
surrendered." Now, by whom' The Congress
of 1793, said "by the Executive." Probably,
thouo-h I do not recollect, members of the con-
vention of 1787 were members of the Congress
of 1793.
Again: taking the theory of our Government,
when one State makes a demand upon another
for a fugitive from justice, it never entered into
the idea of any man 1 ever heard of, tiiat the de-
mand was upon United Slates officers, but upon
the authorities of the State. How can the gen-
tleman from Virginia say that a demand upon
United States officers is a demand upon the State?
