370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
people in the West—an empire distinguished for
arts and sciences; for its great cities and thriving
villages; for its green fields and golden harvests;
for its floating palaces and hurtling locomotives,
for its free schools, its universities, its numerous
churches,  nd its electrical communication of
thought from Cairo to St. Anthony; will such a
people be content to become subordinate—a na-
tion of herdsmen ? Perish rather! And such, in
effect, is the answer of Mr. Clay to the same
question, in his great speech in the Senate in 1850.
He said:
"If this Union shall becoroc separated, new Unions, new
confederacies, will arise ; and with vespect to this—if there
be any—I hope there is no one in the Senate—before who«e
Imagination is flitting the idea of a great southern confed-
eracy to take possession of the Balizeand the mouth of the
Mississippi, T say in my place, never! never ! never ! will
we who occupy the broad waters of the Mississippi and its
upper tributaries conscnt that any foreign fUtcr shall float at
the Balize, or upon the turrets of trie Ciescent City—never!
never!"
Without the outlet of the Mississippi, what
would have been the inducement to purchase
Louisiana; what the inducement to people it;
what the inducement to make it the seat of a great
empire?
iet me not be misunderstood. I do not desire
war. I would avoid it by all honorable means,
particularly a civil war between any of the States
of this Union. Such a war would bo fratricidal,
unnatural, and most bloody. It would be a war
between States equally jealous of their honor, and
men equally brave. I would forfeit my own self-
respect, if I could disparage the courage of my
brethren, cither of the North or the South; for cour-
age is the distinction of neither, but the virtue of
both. The only difference between them is, that
the man of the South fights from impetuosity,
the man of the North from purpose, and the man
of the West from a restless spirit of adventure.
Myself aKentuckian by birth, and an lllinoisan
by nurture and education, I would deplore such
a war as the greatest calamity that could befall
the country; yet, aa a practical man, and a rep-
resentative of the people, I must not shut my eyes
to the logic of cause and effect—to the popular
instinct of self-preservation.
Some sixty years ago, when the white people
of the Mississippi valley scarcely numbered
two hundred thousand, and when Kentucky and
Franldand (now Tennessee) were almost the only
American settlements west of the Alleghanies, the
people of that valley seriously deliberated whether
they should transfer their allegiance to the Span-
ish crown, or forcibly seize New Orleans for the
purpose of securing the outlet of the Mississippi
river. And, at a later date, they boldly offered
to Spain the alternatives of war or a concussion of !
the jurisdiction of that river to the United States.
Hut' let history speak for itself on these points.
Gayarrc, in his history of Louisiana, says:
"in 1786, the western poiiion of Noith Carolina, which
wrii- called the Washington district, had deflated iwlf in-
dependent,. and had constituted itself into the State of
Fiankland, which organized its government, and elected
Colonel John Sevioi as its fust Governor. But Confess
interfeied in favor of Not tli Caiohna, theautlioiiry ol which
was maintained, and the new Suite of Frunkland term-
inated its brief careei in 1787. This first attempt in the
West to throw off openly the allegiance due to the parent
State had aroused intense excitement for and against it; and
the secessionists, still perseveimg in their former design",
were watching for the opportunity to renew them. Tims,
on the 12th ot September, 1788, ex-Governor John Sevier
had written to Gardoqui, to mtorm him that the inhabitants
of Frankland were unanimous inthetr vehement desire to
form an alliance andtreatyof commerce with Spain > and put
thvmsclvesundcr her protection. Wherefore, lie begged tor
ammunition, money, and whatever other assistance Mno
(Governor of Louisiana] could grant, to aid the execution
of the contemplated separation from Noi th Carolina; pledg-
ing the faith ot the State of Frankland foi the payment of
whatever sums Spain might advance, and whatever ex-
penses she might incur, in an enterprise which would se-
cure to her such durable and important result*.n
The same author gives the following passage,
in a letter written by General Wilkinson on the
12th of February, 1789, to Miro:
"Thus, sir, If we review the policy [of annexation to
Spain] favored by the inhabitants of Kentucky, we see that
the most intelligent and wealthiest relish our designs,which
are opposed by" only two men of tank, who, eontiolled by
their fears ot* silly demagogues, and filling their follower
with hopes fiom the expected action of the new Congress,
have caused the suspension of the measures we had m
view to unite the people, and thus to seem e the success of
our plana without involving the country in violent civil
commotions."
Again, the same author says:
"Acting under the influence of the same policy, and in
order to prevent tiieaffluvof Americans to Now Orleans at
a time which involved peculiar difficulties, the intendant,
Morales, issued an order suspending the right of deposit at
that town, by a proclamation of the 16th ot October, 1802.
This measure was extremely prejudicial to New Orleans,
where it almost produced a famine, by stopping the supplies
of flour and other western produce, necessary for the daily
sustenance of its population.
" When this- news reached the western people, they were
fired with indignation at an act which suspended their com-
merce with New Orleans, and deprived them of an outlet
without winch they could hardly exist. Numerous appeals,
petitions, and even violent threats, were addressed to the
General Government on the subject, and the protracted em-
barrassments of the West were exposed to the whole peo-
ple of the United States in *o impressive a manner as to
command theii deep attention, and to force the Govern-
ment into immediate and energetic action. Here is a spe-
cimen of the language used on the occasion: 4 The Mis-
sisMppi,' s>aid the western people, 'is ours by the law of
nature; it belongs to us by our numbers, and by the labor
which we have bestowed on those spots which, before our
arrival, were desert and barren. Our nmumeiable rivers
swell it, and flow with it into the Gulf of Mexico. Its
mouth is the only issue which nature has given to our
waters, and we wish to use it for oui vessels. No power
in the worid bhall dopuvo us of this right. We do not pie-
vent the Spaniaids and Fiench fiom ascending thenverto
our towns and villages. We wish in our turn to descend
it, without any interruption, to its mouth, to ascend it
again, and cxerctse our piivilege of trading on it and nav-
igating it at our pleasure. If our most entire liberty in this
mattei is disputed, nothing shall prevent our taking posses-
sion of the Capital, and, when we are once master of it, we
shall know how to maintain ouiselves theie. if Congiess
ie!uses us effectual protection, if it forsakes us, we will
adopt the measures which our safety requites, even if they
endanger the peace of the Union and our connection with
the other States. No protection, no allegiance.'"
Mr. Madison, as Secretary of State, writing to
Mr. Livingston, (November 27,1802,) on the same
subject—the suspension of the right of deposit,
said:
"From whatever source the meaMue may have pro-
ceeded, the President expects that the Spanish Government
will neither lose a moment in countermanding it, nor hesi-
tate to repair every damage which may result from it. You
are awaie of the sensibility of our western citizens to such
an occunenco. This sensibility is justified by the inteiest
they have at stake. The Mississippi to them is everything.
It is the Hudson, Ihe Delaware, ths Pofunuit, and all the nuu-
iaable rivers of the Atlantic States, formed into one stream.
The produce exported tlnough that channel, last year,
amounted to $l,f«22,67i2 from the district of Kentucky and
Mississippi only,and will probably be tilty percent, more
this year, from ilie whole western countiy. Kentucky alone
hasetpoited, for the 111 st half of this year,.^.)9l,-13J in value,
a great pail of which i* now, ot will shortly he, afloat for
New Oil(>a *i, and consequently exposed to the effects of
this extiaordiinny exeiei^eol power. While you piesutne,
therefoie, in youi representations to the Spanish Govern-
ment, that the conduct of its oflieei is no lens contt.iry to
its intentions than it is to its good faith, >ou will take care
to express the stiongest confidence that the breach of the
treaty will be repaued in eveiy way which justice and a
regard for a fneudlj neighborhood may requite.''
Mr.Madison,again writing to Mr. Livingston
(May 1, 1803) upon the cession of Louisiana by
Spain to the French Republic, said:
"The cession of Louisiana to Fiance becomes daily more
and more a source ot painlul apprehension. Notwithstand-
ing the treaty ot Match, 1801, and notwithstanding the gen-
eral belief in" Fiance on the subject, and the accounts from
St. Domingo, that pait ot the aimament sent to that island
was eventually dostined for Louisiana, a hope was still
drawn i'tom youi eariy eonvei nations with M Talleyiand,
that the French Government did not mean to pursue the
object. Since the iceetptof youi last communications, no
hope jemains but! torn the accumulating difficulties of going
through with the undertaking, and from the conviction you
may he able to impress, that "it must have an instant and
powerful effect in changing the lelatlons between Fiance
and the United State.-;. Th<* change is obvious; and the
more it can bo developed in candid and friendly appeals to
the rejections of the Fiench Government, the moie it will
urge it to icvNc and abandon the project. A mere neigh-
borhood could not bo fuendly to the harmony which both
oonntucs have so much an inteiest in cherishing; but if a
possession of the mouth of the Mississippi is to be added to
the other causes of discoid, the woi^t events' ate tn be ap-
prehended. You will consequently spare no efforts, that
will consist with prudence and dignity, to lead the coun-
cils of France to piopcr views of tins subject, and to tin
abandonment ot hei present puipose."
Pursuing the sn.roo subject, Mr. Ross (Febru-
ary 14, 1803) said:
"To the fiec navigation of the Mississippi we had an
undoubted right from nature, and from the position of our
western countiy. Tins light, and the rmht of deport in
the island of New Oilcans, h.ul been solemnly acknowl-
edged and fixed by treaty in 1793. That treaty had been
in actual operation and execution for many .years; and
now, without any pretense of abuse or violation on our
part, the officers of the Spanish Government deny that
right, lefuse the place ot deposit, and add the most*o(Ien-
sive of all insults, by forbidding U3 from landing on any
part of their territory, and shutting us out as a common
nuisance.
" Why not seiz?., then, what is so ccsentfial to us as a
nation ? Why not expel the wrong-doers—wiong-doeis by
their own confession—-to whom by seizure we are doing
no injury? Paper contracts, or treaties, have proved too
feeble. Plant yourselves on the river, foitify the banks-,
| invite those who have an interest at btak? to defend it: do
i justice to yourselves when your adversaries deny it; and
[ leave the event to Him who controls the fate of nations."
Subsequently, Mr. Ross offered a series of res-
olutions for the consideration of the Serrate, from
which I quote, as follows:
"That the President be authorized to take immediate
possession of such place or placcsin the same island (New
Orleans) or the adjacent terntones, as lie may deem fit and
convenient for the purpose? aforesaid ; and to adopt such
other measures for obtaining that complete security as to
him, in his wisdom, shall seem meet.
" That he be authorized to call into aciual service any
number of the militia of the States of South Caiohna, Geor-
gia, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, or the Mississippi Terri-
tory, which he may think proper, not exceeding fifty thou-
sand, ami to employ them, together with the military and
naval forces of the Union, for effecting the objccts above
mentioned."
His colleague. Mr. Maclay, addressing the Sen-
ate in support of these resolutions, said:
"These observations are urged upon the supposition that
it is in the power of the Government to restrain the impet-
uosity of the western people, and to prevent their doing
justice to themselves; which, by the by, I beg to be under-
stood as not believing, but expressly the contrary. They
know their own strength ; they know the feebleness of the
enemy; they know the infinite importance of the stake;
and they feel, permit me to say, sir, with more than tneie
sensibility, the insults and injuues they have received; and
I believe will not submit, even for the apptoaching season,
to their present ruinous and humiliating situation. You
had as well pretend to dam up the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, arid bay to its restless waves, ye shall cease here, and
never mingle with the ocean, as to expeet they will be pre-
vented from descending it. Without the free use of the
river, and the necessary advantages of deposit below our
line, their fertile countiy is not worth possession ; their pio-
duce must be wasted in the fields, or rot in their gianaries.
These are rights not only guaranteed to them bytieaty,but
also given to them by the God ol nature, and- they will en-
force thorn, with or without the authority of the Govern-
ment; and let me ask whether it is mote dignified for the
Government to lead or follow in the path of honor? One
it must do, or give up that western country."
Mr. Morris, Senator front New York, also ad-
vocated the seizure of the island ofNcw Oilcans;,
and finally, upon the motiotf of Mr. Breckinridge,
of Kentucky, Mr. Ross's resolutions were substi-
tuted, and a bill passed more fully developing:
their suggestions, enacted to carry them into ef-
fect. The substitute resolutions are as follows:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States ber
and he is hereby, authouzed, whenever he shall judge it
expedient, to require of the executives of the scveial States
to take effectual measures to arm and equip, aceoiding ta
law, and to hold in readiness to march, at a moment's warn-
ing, eighty thousand ctiective militia, officers included.
That the Picsident may, it .he judges it expedient, au-
thorize the executives of the sevetal States to accept, as
part of the detachment afoies-aid, any corps of volunteers
who shall continue in sei\ ice for such time, not exceeding
 months, and petform such services as shall be pce-
senbed bv law.
'kThat" dollars be appropriated tor paying and sub-
sisting such part of the troops atoresaid, whos>e actual ser-
vice may be wanted, and for defraying such other expenses,
during the recess ot Congress, as the President may deem
nece.-sary for the security of the teiritoiy of the United
States.
" That dollars be appropriated for erecting, at such
place or places on the western waters as the President may
judge most proper, one or more arsenals."
On the 30th of April, 1803, the treaty with
France ceding Louisiana to the United States was
signed, and happily put an end to all further con-
troversy in regaid to the ownership of that prov-
ince.
In view of these historical facts, can it be
doubted what would be the course, nay, the ne-
cessity, of the twelve or thirteen million people
inhabiting the upper valley of the Mississippi if
that river should be closed against them and their
immense commerce? If two hundred thousand
people, with a comparatively insignificant com-
merce, were ready to appeal to arms to secure tho
free navigation of that river in 1803, would sixty
times the same number of people, with a corre-
sponding' commerce, do less now? Only the man
uninitiated in the springs of human action will
"sayso.
No, the Mississippi valley is a geographical
unit. Its great river, with its intersecting tribu-
taries reaching out m every direction to its utmost
limits, is the hand of Almighty God, binding it
together as one homogeneous and complete whole.
It is an organic body, inseparable cxccpt by vio-
lence to tho laws of nature and those other laws
of commerce, education, and socicty, which arc
induced by the former. Let it be divided to-day,
and ere long, when the frenzy of the hour shall
have subsided, its dismembered parts will cleave
together again by irresistible attraction; will re-
unite as the mutilated lips of an incised wound
by the first intention. A higher law than the
, slave law must control the destiny of the Missis-
1 sippi valley—the law of natural attraction and
