1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cohesion. _ I say this in 110 offensive, but m a
philosophical sense; and the reconstruction job-
bers of the day, if they would make permanent
work, must bear it in mind.
Why, indeed, is not Missouri and the whole
Southwest, includingTexas,Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky, closer in interest and natural affinity to
Illinois and the whole Northwest, than the same
States are to South Carolina, Georgia, and Flor-
ida? "Why, too, are not Virginia, Maryland,
Delaware,and perhaps North Carolina, closer, in
the affinities of agricultural products and economic
policy, to Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey,
and the whole Northwest, than the same States
are to South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Ala-
bama, and Mississippi? These are questions to
be answered by reason and facts, and not by mo-
mentary passion and prejudice.
But in a wider, loftier view than mere sectional
interest and official duty, is there not something
to draw us, by earnest, eager, and irresistible
attraction, to a fearless, faithful, and enduring
embrace of this glorious Union ? What, with its
memories of the past, its blessings of the present,
and its hopes of the future, is it not worth to us?
Behold its youthful energies grasping a continent
as the young warrior grasps his shield and buck-
ler! Behold its lofty stature piercing the vaulted
skies in the dim and distant peaks of the Alle-
ghany and Rocky Mountains! Behold its com-
merce whitening every sea! Behold its agriculture
strewing the land and gorging the rivers and the
lakes with its infinite profusion! Behold its toiling,
tiicless workshops and manufactories, forging
and fabricating all that utility, luxury, or taste,
can cravei Behold its constellations of schools,
colleges, and universities, sparkling as diamonds
upon its bosom, and illuminating its extended
sphere with grace, beauty, and intelligence! Be-
hold its expanded arms offering an asylum to the
oppressed of all nations! Behoulits glancing ban-
ner in the van of human progress ! Behold its em-
blematic eagle soaring with unblenchinggaze full
in the sunlight of a higher, nobler, and puier civ-
ilization than ever before kindled the aspirations
of any other people! Behold this great federative
system—behold it, built upon the Divine idea of
the universe itself—with its central sun and plan-
etary orbs, each revolving within its separate
sphere, and all revolving collectively, and as a
dependent whole, within the circle of its mighty
orbit! Behold all this, and answer me whether
this wondrous political creation, the work of our
fathers, and their loving legacy to us as their chil-
dren, is not worth preserwng?
Patriotism, too, the sacred obligation of patriot-
ism, would prompt every loyal citizen, whether
in the North or in the South, to defend and mam-
tain the integrity of the Union and the authority
of its common Government against the inroads of
violence. Not only the universal allegiance of all
citizens of the United States binds them to it; but
we, and all other public officers, especially are
solemnly bound to it by our oaths. We cannot
avoid it if wc would.
We hear, however, the clamor of coercion—of
coercion of States—a clamor got up, if not to make
us all traitors, at least to frighten us out of our
propriety. What is the foundation for this clamor?
Do tliq. friends of the Union propose to invade
South Carolina for the purpose of subjugating her
people ? Do they propose to force her Co send
her members of Congress back here, or to hold
any Federal office, or to perform any active Fed-
eral duty? Not so. All we propose is to protect
the property and jurisdiction of the United States
by defensive measures—no more. And is thatJ
coercion? 4m
Again, sir: is it coercion of a State for us to do
what we arc sworn to do—to support " the Con-
stitution," and " the laws" and "treaties"of the
United States,as " the supreme iaw of the land? "
Is it coercion for us to maintain, peaceably if we
can, forcibly if we must, possession of the treas-
ure and other property of the United States J Is
it coercion for us to stay the violent and lawless
hand that would tear down the noble structure of
our Government? Nay, more; is it coercion for
us to let the flag of the Union stand upon the
bosom of our country, where our fathers planted
it; to let the eagle of America sweep with buoy-
ant wing the wide domain of this great nation?
Is that coercion? Why, sir, it is a perversion
of all language, a mockery of all ideas, to say so.
Rather is it coercion for a State to require of us
to submit to her spoliation of the forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, custom-houses, post offices, and the
arms and munitions of the United States. Such
submission, sir, in my opinion, would be in the
last degree reprehensible and disgraceful. Utter
imbecility only can tolerate it; and if that be the
condition of our Government, let us at once abol-
ish it, and proclaim to the world the sad fact, that
the last and most auspicious experiment of free
government has signally failed.
Can anything but madness countenance the
scheme of secession? Let it become a practical
doctrine, and the most fatal consequences must
follow. Not only will States secede from the
Union, but counties from States, and cities and
towns from both; and thus the work of disintegra-
tion and dissolution will go on until the whole
frame of society and government will be ingulfed
in one bottomless and boundless chaos of ruin.
Already it has induced civil war; indeed, in itself
it is civil war.
What do we see? Castle Pinckney, FortMoul-
tiie, and the aiscnal, and all other property of
the United States, except Fort Sumter, in the
harbor and city of Charleston, have been seized,
and are now held by the revolutionary forces of
South Carolina. And still later, wo hear that a
vessel sent by the United States, under the stars
and stripes, with supplies to their garrison m Fort
Sumter, has been fired into by order of the Gov-
ernorof thatState. More than that; she has placed
herself upon a complete war footing by organ-
izing and arming her militia, and voting large
supplies of money to maintain her military estab-
lishments. Georgia, too, has seized Forts Jack-
son, Pulaski, and Morgan; and Alabama the
United States arsenal at mobile, containing seven-
ty-eight thousand stand of arms, one thousand five
hundred boxes of powder, throe hundred thou-
sand rounds of musket cartridges, and other mu-
nitions of war; and thus the war commcnced,
goes on, thus mad men rush upon—
"Lean famine, quarteiing £tec), and climbing fire."
Oh, how changed the scene of yesterday!—
warnings, and portents and evils ominous, arc
upon us. Behold! The genius of America, that
fair divinity of peace, whose noble statue, vying
the noblest work of IMiidias, graces the Capitol
grounds. Alas! behold, behold! she has fled
affrighted from her empyreal throne; and Mars,
the " mailed Mars, up to his ears m blood," has
usurped her sway, and, 111 the hoarse dissonance
of war, proclaims:
" Tut armor on thine cars, and on thine eyes ;
Whoso proof, nor yells of motheis, maids, nor babes,
Nor sight of priests in holy vestments bleeding,
Shall pierce a jot."
But before passing from this topic, let me in-
voke the solemn and eloquent warnings of the
immortal Jackson upon the subject of disunion.
He asks, m his farewell address to the American
people;
"What have you to gam by division and dissension?
Delude not yourselves with the belief that a breach once
made, may be afterwards icpaued. If the Union is once
severed, the Im# of separation will grow wider and wider,
and the emitrovemes which ate now d'hated and settled
m the hall'? of lo2i>lation, will then beined in fields of
battle, and determined by the tword. Neither should you
deceive yonr-sclve^ with the hope that the first line of sep-
aration would he the permanent one, and that nothing but
huimony and concord would be found in tne new associa-
tions lorined upon the dissolution of the Union. Local
interests would Mill be found there, and unchastened am-
bition. And if the recollection of common dangers, in
which the people ot thes-e United States stood side by side
ngainat the common foe; the memory of victories won by
their united valor; the pio^pcrityand happiness theyhave
enjoyed under the pie&ent Constitution ; the proud name
.jtliey bear a^ citizens of thisgicat Republic;—it all these
recollections and proofs of common intei est are not strong
enough to bind us together as one people, what tio will hold
united the new divisions ot empire when these bonds lure
been bioken, and this Union disscveied.-' The first line of
reparation would not last tor a single generation; new
fi agment* would be torn off; new leaders would spring up;
and tins great and glorious Republic would soon be broken
into a multitude of petty States, without commerce, with-
out credit, jealous of one another, armed for mutual aggres-
sions, loaded with taxes to pav armies and leadeis, seeking
aid against each other from foreign Powers, Insulted and
trampled upon by the nations of Europe, until, harassed
{ with conlhet> and himiMcd and debased in .spirit, they
I would be ready to submit to the ab^olutf dominion of any
military adventurci, and «m lender theii hbeity for the sake
of repo-e. ft is impossible to look on the consequences
ihaM\ou'd inevitably loiiow the deduction of this Ciov-
mimi-nt. and notice! indignant when wc hear cold calcu-
lations about the value of the Union, and have so con-
stantly helore us a line of conduct so well calculatcd to
weaken iu tics."
But it is answered bythe seceding States that
they are aggrieved, ana mustneedshave redress.
And wliat are their alleged grievances? First,
the nullification of the fugitive slave law by .the
so-called liberty bills of the northern States, and
otherwise; second, the exclusion of slave prop-
erty from the Territories of the United States;
third, the continued agitation of the slavery ques-
tion; and fourth, the election of Mr. Lincoln.
This is the gravamen of the indictment lately
drawn up by South Carolina, and published to the
world. In part it is true, and in part untrue.
So far as Illinois is concerned, except in a few
instances of rescue, there has been no serious
obstruction offered to the execution of the fugi-
tive act, either under color of law or otherwise;
and in the cases of rescue referred to, the parties
implicated were promptly and exemplarily pun-
ished by the courts and juries in the State. On
the contrary, Illinois has had upon her statute-
books, for more than twenty-five years, police
laws operating efficiently in aid of (lie fugitive
act. Without pausing to dwell upon these Taws,
I refer all who are concerned, and particularly
her assailants, to them. Nor is it true that a ma-
jority of her delegation in Congress has at aijy
time voted to exclude slave property from the
Territories. As a Representative from Illinois,
I have always voted against excluding it, and in
favor of the doctrine of non-intervention by Con-
gress upon the subject. This has been my course
from the date ef the Wilmot proviso to the pres-
ent day.
As to our -territorial acquisitions, and the op-
portunities aft'orded forslavery expansion, surely
there is no just ground of complaint by the South.
What are the facts? All the Territories hitherto
acquired have been slave Territories, and in large
part eminently adapted to slave labor. So it was
of Louisiana, now embracing the cotton and su-
gar-growing slave States of Louisiana and Ark-
ansas; so of Florida, now another slave State;
and so of Texas, still another slave State; and
withouthinderance slavery lias spread all overthis
extensive area, quite up to, and even beyond its
climatic ability to sustain itself—as in northern
Missouri and Texas, and in the Territory of New
Mexico. On the other hand, as often as our
territory has been clipped, it has been on the
north and free side—as m the case of Maine arid
Massachusetts, under the Ashburton treaty; and
of Oregon, under the Washington treaty.
It is true, however, and I admit the fact, that
several of the northern States have passed laws
obstructive of the execution of the fugitive act,
and violative of a solemn guarantee of the Con-
stitution of the United States. And protesting
against it, as a northern man I appeal to the moral
sense, the good faith and love of country of the
people of those States, to repeal those laws, re-
move this grievance, and right themselves in the
eyes of their countrymen. Will they not do it?
I verily believe they will when their sober second
thought has had time to act upon the .subject.
Already the people of Pennsylvania, New York,
Vermont, Maine, and Massachusetts, have led off
upon the subject; and no doubt the'people of the
other delinquent States will follow their example.
Admitting, however, as I do, that the slavery
agitation was commenced in the North, still I can-
not say that the South is blameless in regard to it.
On the contrary, both sections have been driven
into excesses upon the subject by incendiary dem-
agogues. In the North there are the Garrisons
and Phillipses, who are but the counterparts of the
Rhetts and Yanceys of the South. Die one, re-
garding the Constitution as a shield for slavery,
denounces it as " a covenant with death and an
agreement with hell;" while the other, regarding
the Union as the enemy of slavery, denounces it
as the coil of the anaconda crashing out the life-
blood of the South. These characters, on the one
side, us crusadeisagainst slavery,assume to crush
it out by authority of God; while on the other,
as propagandists, they deem it their Heaven-ap-
pointed mission to spread it everywhere. Such
characters are but the incarnation of fanaticism.
Transpose them geographically, one to the South
and the other to the North, and each will em-
brace the other's form of fanaticism—the Abo-
litionist becoming a fire-eater, and the fire-eater
an Abolitionist.
It is such men who have led the way in forming
two great sectional parties; one, the ahti-slavery
