1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. OLIN stated that he had paired with Mr.
Noell.
Mr. ETHERIDGE (when his name was callcd)
said: I desire to state that when the vote was
taken a few minutes ago on the bill to amend
the fugitive slave law of 1850, I was necessarily
absent on a committee of conference. If I had
been present, I should have voted " ay" on that
bill. I vote "ay."
It was stated that Mr. Leach, of Michigan,
was paired with Mr. English.
Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM (when his name was
called) said: Regarding this bill as a direct in-
fringementon State rights and State sovereignty,
I vote " no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ntOPOSITION FOR RECESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose we must have a
night session to-night, and I suggest that at five
o'clock we take a recess till seven o'clock, for the
purpose of business.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business; and I ask the Chair to state what it is.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the special order, made some time since,
relating to the Territories.
Mr. GROW. Am I entitled to the floor upon
that special order?
COMMUNICATION OF THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER. There is a communication,
which has been for some time lying upon the
Speaker's table, from the president of the peace
conference. The Chair thinks it is right that it
should be taken up.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I object.
Mr. GROW. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hag not thought
proper to present it until the propositions of the
committee of thirty-three had been disposed of;
but he thinks it right that they should now be
presented.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object,
on behalf of John Tyler, who docs not want them
in. [Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move to suspend Lhe
rules.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he ought
to have the privilege of presenting those papers.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The territorial business is the special order. I
am entitled to the floor; and I submit that it can-
not be taken from mc by any motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion tu suspend the rules is in order.
Mr. GROW. The Chair can hardly under-
stand my question of order. It is that the terri-
torial business is the special order, made so by a
suspension of the rules. While that is pending,
therefore, by the uniform decision of the House,
no motion can be entertained to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The territorial business was
made the special order for the two succeeding
days after the propositions reported by the com-
mittee of thirty-three had been disposed of.
Mr. BOTELER. I want to know if there is
any business, or can be any business, that should
take precedcnceof these propositions of the peace
conference ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir; there are ten thou-
sand things that should take precedence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] has
the floor, and is entitled to make the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. GROW. Do I understand the Chair to
dt-cide that the business of the Territories does
not come up to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that,
under a strict construction of the rule, it would
properly come up to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HATTON. I move to lay that appeal on
the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. Upon that motion, I call
for tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
House divides upon the appeal, I desire the Chair
to state precisely what the point of order is that
we are to vote upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] had
the floor, and was in order in moving to suspend
the rules for the purpose of receiving the com-
munication the Chair desired to lay before the
House. From that decision an appeal was taken,
and a motion made to lay the appeal on the table.
The question is now upon the latter motion.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question ofordcr again.
The Chair has not stated my question of order
correctly. My point of order was, that the busi-
ness of the Territories was set down as a special
order immediately after the disposal of the busi-
ness of the committee of thirty-three.
Mr. HATTON. I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. GROW. I have the right to state my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. GROW. It is, that the territorial business
having been made the special order, comes up now
as the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Illinois obtained the floor, and
had the right to submit the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. GROW. He had no right to take the floor
from me for any such purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. GROW. And from that decision I take
an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is already pend-
ing; and a motion has been made to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. GROW. I call for tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Adrain and
Grow were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
forty-seven in the affirmative.
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. I move that the
House adjourn.
Before the vote had been taken on the motion,
the hour of five arrived; and
The SPEAKER declared the House had taken
a recess until seven o'clock.
\
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at sc\ en o'clock, p. m.
COMMUNICATION OF TIIE PEACE CONFERENCE.
Mr. GROW. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair had decided that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
was entitled to the floor, to move that the rules
be suspended to receive a communication from
the peace conference. From that decision the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] ap-
pealed ; and a motion was made to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I think wc can per-
haps agree to an arrangement that will be satis-
factory to gentlemen upon both sides, by which
any difficulty upon the question of order can be
avoided. If gentlemen upon thatside of the House
will allow the propositions to be presented, we
are willing that they shall be referred, and the
House then proceed to the consideration of the
territorial business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope that will
be done.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the reception of
the proposition.
Mr. HICKMAN. There are but few members
present. I move that there'be a call of the House.
The motion was disagred to.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the Chair for his judg-
ment whether there is a quorum present or not.
The SPEAKER.. In the opinion of the Chair,
a quorum is not present.
Mr, McCLERNAND. I inquire whether there
is any objection to the propositions of the peace
conference being taken up and referred ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I certainly object in (oto ccclo
to any such proposition.
Mr. BOTELER. I desire to ask this question:
can any member object to the reception of a com-
munication from the peace congress?
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is not a peace congress at
all. There is no such body known to this House.
Mr. BOTELER. I merely ask the question for
information, for I do not profess to t>e familiar
with the rules; I desire to Know whether the ob-
jection of a single member can defeat the recep-
tion of such a proposition, especially when that
single member is known not to be a conservative
man, but a man opposed to all compromises?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
a great deal of time will be saved by having a call
of the House, as there is evidently no qudrUm
present.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I would suggest that it has
not appeared that no quorum is present; no vote
has been taken.
The SPEAKER. A call has been ordered.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Ashmore, Barksdale, Barr, Bar-
ret, Beale, Blair, Blake, Bonham, Bouhgny, Boyce, Burn-
ham, Butterfield, Carter, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Conway, Corwin, Covode, Cox, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson,ReubenDavis,De Jarnettc, Dimmick,J>unn, Ed-
mundson, English, EtIjeridgo,Farns\vorth, Frank, French,
Gartrell, Gilmer, Gurley, Hale, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hat-
ton, Hawkins, Hindman, Houston, Jackson, Jones, Keitt,
Kilgore, Lamar, Landrum, Lariabee, DeWitt C. Leach,
Leake Loomis, Love, Elbert S. Martin, Mayna>d, Mc-
Queen, McKae, Miles, Milhvard, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morns, Noell, Palmer, Pettit, Porter Pot-
ter, Pugb, Q.uarlp^, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H.
Reynolds, Ruffin, ltust, Scott, Scranton, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Staliworth, James A.Stewart, William Stew-
art, Stout, Stiatton, Taylor, Thayci, Thcakcr, Trimble,
Underwood, Verrec, Wade, Webster, and Wood.
A quorum having appeared,
On motion of Mr. BURNETT, all further pro-
ceeding in the call was dispensed with.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of high
privilege. I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to arrest the members of this House from
the State of South Carolina, and bring them be-
fore the bar of the House. I have noticed their
absence from the House since some time in the
month of December, very much to the detriment
of the public business. I think it is quite time
that this House should assert its dignity, and bring
these delinquent members before us. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. I do not think the public business
has sustained the slightest detriment by their ab-
sence. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. It is a question of the highest
privilege. I insist on the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
COMPENSATION OF M. F, CONWAY.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to present the unanimous report
of the Committee of Elections on the memorial of
Martin I?. Conway, member of this House from
the State of Kansas, praying to be allowed the
full compensation for this Congress the same as if
he had been m the service of the House as a mem-
ber for the whole period.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
report will be read. I should like to know upon
what ground the committee make their decision,
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
do not think this matter can come up until the
questions of order pending have been disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
know of the gentleman from Kentucky if his re-
port concludes with a resolution?
Mr. STEVENSON. It does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask, then,
that the report be read, and that the gentleman
will allow me to submit an amendment.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. My
question is, that when the House is engaged in
the transaction of business, it cannot be inter-
rupted by a report of the Committee of Elections.
When the particular business under consideration
shall have been disposed of, if the gentleman can
get the floor, it will be in order for him to submit
his report.
Mr. STEVENSON. It will not take five min-
