1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
utes to dispose of it. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. GROW. Very well; let it go.
The report was read; concluding with the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the compensation of the member from Kan-
sas be estimated to commence from the day of the admis-
sion of that State and the day he was sworn in.
Mr. STEVENSON. I calf for the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hopS the
gentleman from Kentucky will allow me to say
that this involves a legal question which I am de-
sirous, with all due respect to the Committee of
Elections, of having a legal decision upon. I de-
sire to have the opinion of the Attorney General,
which shall govern us in all future cases.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question to hear the gentle-
man's amendment read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
the following amendment, and demand the pre-
vious question:
That the Attorney General of the United States be ro
quested to communicate lo the next House of Kepresenta-
tives his opinion as to the legality of the claim of Martin
F. Conway, for compensation and mileage, asaltepiesent-
ative from Kansas, in the present Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 cannot give way for
the reception of that amendment. I demand the
previous question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
mentwas received, and I called the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The amendment was only
read for information. •
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. *
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the views of the minority in the case of
the contested election in the fourth congressional
district of the State of Maryland, of Harrison vs.
Davis; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE I'ROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, announcing that
the Senate have concurred in the resolutions of
the House, suspending the 16th joint rule of the
two Houses, so far as relates to the bill of the
House (No. 1007) declaring the value of the new
Silver florin of Austria.
Also, that the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (H.
XI. No. 39) for the relief of Simon Do Visser
and Jose ViNarubia, of New Orleans.
Also, that the Senate agree to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, on the amendments to the bill
(S  No. 77) for the relief of Richard Chenery.
Also, that the Senate have passed a joint reso-
lution (H.R.No. 51) repealinga resolution relat-
ing to the claim of George Fisher, late of Flor-
ida, deceased, approved June 1, 1860.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 399) for the relief of Thomas G.
Corbin; and
A bill (No. 565) for the relief of Lewis War-
rington, paymaster United States Army.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire also to present a
report from the Committee of Elections.
JOINT KCLES.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit a motion
that the 16th and 17th joint rules be suspended
for the remainder of the session.
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. It will be of very little avail
to pass any bill, or do any business, unless it can
be presented to the President.
Mr, SHERMAN, f move to suspend the rules.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The rules cannot be
suspended. I have myself a motion to suspend
the rules pending.
Mr. PIIELPS. I ask that the 16th and 17th
joint„rulcs be read, so that the House may see
what they are.
The rules were read, as follows:
<c 16. No biU that shall have passed one House shall be
sent for concurrence to the other on either of the three last
days of the session.
" 17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate shah be presented
to the President of the United States, for his approbation,
on the last day of the session."
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
There is one question of order pending, on amo-
tion to suspend the rules, and I ask that that may
be first disposed of.
^ Mr. SHERMAN. We might as well adjourn
sine die, unless these joint rules shall be sus-
pended; for all our action will amount to nothing.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire not to consume
time uselessly upon this question of order. The
Chair has decided properly, as I think, that I have
the floor, and that I have a right to move to sus-
pend the rules. All I desire is that we may have
a square vote upon the propositions of the peace
conference; and if gentlemen upon the other side
are willing to agree that on to-morrow at'eleven,
twelve, or one o'clock, we may take a vote directly
upon these propositions, I will withdraw my mo-
tion, for I do not desire that the time of the House
shall be consumed unnecessarily.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think we
had better go on with the regular order. We have
saved this Union so often that I am afraid we
shall save it to death.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide, upon
reflection, that the motion to suspend the rules is
not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know what is
the objection of gentlemen to the suspension of
these joint rules?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will tell the gentle-
man. We do not intend that you shall pass any
more bills during this Congress, unless you agree
to give us a vote on taking up propositions of the
peace congress. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether he is not willing that we shall have a vote
under the previous question upon those proposi-
tions ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no control over the
subject.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I understandthat
the gentleman is not willing to give us a vote?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClkrnand] will
be allowed to make his motion to suspend the
rules. I, for one, am willing to have these propo-
sitions come in, and to vote upon them fairly and
squarely. 1 do not believe, however, that my col-
league intends, unless we can have unanimous
consent to take up these propositions, to prevent
any other business from being done.
Mr. McCLERNAND. We propose to inter-
pose our objection to any other business being
done, unless these propositions can be voted on.
If it is in the power of one factious member to
prevent their coming up, we will meet him by re-
taliation.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that there is objection to the motion to suspend
the rules >
Mr. GROW. I desire to know what is the regu-
lar order of business?
Mr. HICKMAN. I give notice to the gentle-
man from Illinois, that I shall at all times object
to taking up these propositions, or to any motion
being made to allow them to come in.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know what is the regular
oider of business. I understand that the gentle-
man from Illinois may move to suspend the rules
whenever he can get the floor for that purpose,
but if the territorial business comes up as a special
order, I am entitled to the floor. 1 am willing,
however, to yield to him to make that motion.
^ The SPEAKER- The Chair desires permis-
sion to make this statement to the House. When
the point was presented before the recess, the
Chair had not before him the order of the House,
assigning the territorial business as a special or-
der. He now has the Journal before him. The
order is:
"That Tuesday and Wednesday, the 30th and 3lst In-
stant, be set apart for territorial business, in lieu of tins day
and to-moriow, as heretofore ordered: Provided, That if
said days shall be occupied in the consideration of the spe-
cial order made for next week, and from day to day until
disposed of, then the two days next succeeding the disposal
of said special order shall be set apart for territorial busi-
ness."
The Chair thinks the phraseology used is very
questionable in respect to the proper construction
to be placed upon it, and the Chair can only use
his best judgment. In his opinion, upon the read-
ing of the order, the territorial business comes up
as a special order immediately on the disposal of
the business reported by the committee of thirty-
three. The Chair, therefore, rules the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois to suspend the rules
out of order; and decides that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has the floor, and is
entitled to call up territorial business.
Mr. GROW. Then I understand that the ter-
ritorial business comes up now as a special order?
The SPEAKER. As the special order for to-
day and to-morrow.
Mr. BURNETT. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether it would not
be better to allow the gentleman from Illinois to
make his motion to suspend the rules, rather than
to attempt now to dispose of the territorial busi-
ness, against the wishes of the House.
Mr. GROW. That is just what I propose to
do. The business of the Territories is up now,
in order. I have no objection myself, but am
perfectly willing, that the gentleman may intro-
duce his motion to suspend the rules, in order to
receive these propositions from the peace con-
gress, if it is the understanding that when we have
taken a vote upon them, we shall proceed to other
business, without any further delay. I do not
think it will require more than two or three hours
to dispose of all the business that I propose to
call up in relation to the Territories. I have no
objection, then, that the roll be now called on the
motion to suspend the rules for the reception of
the memorial and proposition of the peace con-
gress. When that vote is taken, I propose to
take up the territorial business.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to withdraw my
objection to the reception of the memorial of the
peace congress, on one condition. [Cries of
" Order!"]
Mr. McKNIGHT. I certainly supposed that
I was recognized by the Chair on a question of
privilege.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will withdraw my objection
to the reception of the memorial of the peace con-
ference, provided that we can dispose of the whole
matter in one vote.
Mr. BURNETT. Of course that will be the
effect. If the rules are not suspended, that is an
end of the matter.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. GROW. If one member would speak at
a time, and not a dozen, perhaps we would come
to some determination on the question before us
I thought there was an understanding all around
on the subject.
Mr. HICKMAN. No, there was not. My
question of order is, that there is now a special
order to proceed to the consideration* of the terri-
torial business, and that itis not optional with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to
delay that business, in order to give another gen-
tleman an opportunity to introduce any proposi-
tion. We must either go to the consideration of
the territorial business in its order, or it must be
postponed altogether. I therefore object.
The SPEAKER. If there be any objection
made, as there is, the motion to suspend the rules
cannot be received.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is too late to
object.
Mr. HECKMAN. No, it is not too late.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
is mistaken in his point of order. It is abun-
dantly competent for my colleague [Mr. McCler-
nand] to move to postpone the consideration of
the special order until he shall have made a mo-
tion to suspend the rules for the reception of the
pcace congress proposition.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I submit that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in ouler.
Mr. GROW. I thought that it was the under-
standing that we should take a vote on the sus-
pension of the rules for the reception of tins
paper ?
The SPEAKER. It was objected to by the
