1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
&6,000. The committee did not think he was en-
titled to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I desire
to 
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have the floor, and I ask
gentlemen to wait until I get through. I shall be
very brief, if I can have the ear of the House. I
was going on to say that the Committee of Elec-
tions did not think he had established his claim
to a seat by any evidence whatever; but, owing
to the circumstances I have narrated, they be-
lieved they ought to make some little compensa-
tion. You will remember that a resolution passed
this House to pay for the attendance of wit-
nesses, and for copies of all the papers and rec-
ords brought here. In addition to that, instead
of allowing him $6,000, we propose to give him
$1,000 for his additional expenses. I call the
previous question.
Mr. BRIGGS. I had the floor, was rccognized,
and offered an amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The gentleman from Pennsylvania
had the floor.
Mr. BRIGGS. I assert that I was recognized
by the Speaker of the House before you took
the chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker
was bound to recognize the gentleman who re-
ported the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table. 1 do not believe in giving pre-
miums to ipeu to come here to contest scats.
Mr. BRIGGS. I understand the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yields the floor to me.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon laying the resolution on the table. 1 want
to test this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery. Barret, Boeoek, Boteler, Biab-
son, Bianeli, Burch. Burnett, Caiey, Coiwm, Cox, Jam''-*
Craig, Burton Cnuge, John G. Davis, Garnett, Hamilton,
John T. Harris, llolman. William Howard, Jenkins, Kun
kol, Lanahce, Leake, ElbeuS. Martin, Maynaid, McClcr-
nand, McKonty, Laban T. Moore, Ntbiack, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Piyor, Jame* C. Robinson, RulVm,
Smim*, William N. H. Smith, blokes, Thomas, Vance,
Webster, Wlmeley, Window, and Wnght—
NAYS— Messrs. Charles. F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, Alduch, Alley,William C. Ande^on, Ashley, Babbitt,
B.irr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bravton, Bngg-', l?ri*to\v, Ltul-
linton, Burlincame, Bumhain, Campbell,"Caifet, Ca-e,Co-
Imin, John Cochrane, Coltax, Covode, Cuiti*, l)a\ve-i, jJel-
ano, Dunn, Edward-:,Eliot. Kly, Eiheiidge, Fonton, Feiry,
Floienee, Foster, Fouke, Fiauk, Gilmer, (Jooch, Giaham,
Grow, Gurley, Hale, Helmjck, Hickman, Hoard, William
A. Howard, Hughes, Hutcluns, Junkin, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Killin^cr, James M. Leach,
Logan, Loomis, Loveioy, Maelay, Charles D. Maitin, Mc-
Kean, McKnight, McPherson, Millward, Mooihead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Oliri, Palmer, Perry,
Porter, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, Chtistophei Robin-
son, Uoyce, Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Tompkins,
Tiain, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Oadw.ilader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburue, Wells, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodruff—100.
So the House refused to Jay the resolution on
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWES said: The House having decided
last session, to pay a Democratic contestant full
pay, I vote " no."
Mr. BURNETT, The gentleman has not stated
the case correctly, I want that to go upon the
record.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Having1 been appealed to
to allow an amendment to be offered, making the
amount $2,000 instead of $1,000, and make that a
test question, I withdraw the previous question
and allow the amendment to come in.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to amend by striking
out"$l,00Q,"and inserting "§^,000." I demand
the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. Ifthatamendment is allowed
to be offered, we want the yeas and nays again.
1 will ask for a division first, and then I will call
for the yeas and nays if the amendment is not
voted down.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to yield to me a moment.
Mr. McKNIGHT. For debate ?
Mr. DAWES, I desire to make a remark in
the hearing of thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] who desires to make a record just at
this moment.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I think we had better save
time, which can be used for a better purpose than
debate. I was told that if I allowed this amend-
ment to come in, we could take a vote upon it by
a division, and without the yeas and nays. If
there is to be a call of the yeas and nays, I can-
not allow the amendment to come in.
Mr. FOUKE. Is an amendment to tjae amend-
ment in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not. The
previous question is renewed by the gentleman
from New York.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, demanded
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF NEVADA. *
Tire House then, at the instance of Mr. Grow,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill of the
Senate (No. 563) to organize the Territory of
Nevada. *
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. GROW. I would say to the House—for
I do not propose to take up any time in discuss-
ing this question—that this bill proposes to organ-
ize the western portion of Utah as anew Territory,
to be called Nevada, what is known now as the
Washoe mines. The boundaries of the Territory,
as fixed in the bill which passed the Senate, in-
clude an area of eighty-seven thousand five hun-
dred miles, with a population, as near as we can
ascertain, of from twolvo to fifteen thousand per-
sons. I call the previous question on the bill.
It is the same, with the exception of the bound-
aries and the name, as the bill passed the other
uay to organize the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. SIMMS. Is there any Wilmot proviso in it ?
Mr. GROW. There is nothing in it about sla-
very at all.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the bill do lie
upon the table.
Mr. GROW. Wo may just as well have a di-
vision on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I prefer to make my motion;
and I call the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays weie not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill until
the 4th of July next, in order to take up the old-
soldiers bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMS. I hope the proposition of my
colleague will be adopted. This Government ex-
pends its treasure anu consumes its time in legis-
lating for every interest and people, except the
interest of the old soldier, who imperiled life, for-
tune, and all, to maintain its honor and glory upon
the battle, fluid. Their claim to the regard and aid
of this Government in their oldage, with poverty
and helplessness upon many of them, has been
ignored and disregarded. This is a lasting and
burning shame. Those who have made greatest
sacrifices for the Government and rendered it the
highest service, should first be entitled to its aid
and regard. In that list stand first and highest
the claims of the old soldier. Let the territorial
bill go over, and provide for the old soldier. I
second earnestly the motion of my colleague.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky is not in order, the
main question having been ordered on this bill.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the amendments of
the Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill,
and that they be made the special order for to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HINDMAN. I object.
TERRITORY Or NEVADA'—-AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not call for the reading
of the bill to organize the Territory of Nevada, if
we can have the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill. I want to vote against it.
Mr, GROW. Let it beunderstood that the yeas
and nays shall betaken on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to interfere with
this bill; but I desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Territories whether or not the same
provision is contained in this bill in reference to
the amount to be involved in a case to authorize
an appeal from the territorial courts to the United
States courts, which wascontained in the Colorado
bill ?
Mr. GROW. This bill is precisely like the
Colorado bill as it passed the House. What we
struck out of the Colorado bill is not in this bill
at all.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldricl),
Alley, Ashley, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buffinton,
Burch, Bmlmgame, Burnham, Campbell, Carey,Case, Co-
burn, Colfax, Conway, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgorton, Edward", Eliot, Ely, Etheridge,
rarnsworlh, Fonton, Feiry, Florence, Foster, Frank,
Gooch, Giovv, Gurley, Hale, Hickman, William HowaiU,
William A. Howard, Hiifchms, frvine, Junkin, I'rnneis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Lougneekor, Loo-
mis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKenty, McKnight,
McPherson, Millwatd, Mooihead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Moms, Morse, Nibiaek, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perrv, Por-
tet, Potter, Pottle, ltiee, Riggs, Christophei Robinson,
Koyce, Some.-, Spaulduii;, Spinner, Stanton, Tompkin^,
Train, Vandevei, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldion, Walton,
Cadwalader C.Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa&hbume, Wells,
Wilson, Windom, and Woodrut!—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson,
Aveiy, Barr, Bocock, Boteler, Brabson, Branch, Brown,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Buiton
Craige, John G. Davis, De Jarneue, Fouke, Garnett,Gilmer,
Hamilton, J. Morii&on Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hindiuan, Holman, Hughes, Knnkel, Larrabep, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McClernand, Laban T. Mooie, Nelson, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Pijor. Quarles, James C. Robinson,
Ruffin, Sickles, Simms, William N. H. Smith, Stokes,
Thomas, Vance, Webster, and Wright—52.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BLAKE stated that Mr. Pettit was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BROWN stated that Mr. Burnett had
paired with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, stated that Mr.
Jenkins was paired with Mr. Helmick.
Mr. RICE stated that, after this vote, he was
paired with Mr. Clemens for the rest of the
evening.
Mr. ENGLISH announced that he was paired
with Mr. Leach, of Michigan.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Lee was de-
tained from the House by indisposition.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF DAKOTA.
Mr. GROW. I now call up Senate bill No,
562, to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Dakota, and to create the office of
surveyor general therein.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr, GROW. This Territory includes what
was omitted when the State of Minnesota was ad-
mitted into the Union, and was left without any
government whatever;and also the northern part
of the Territory of Nebraska. It comprises about
three hundred thousand square miles of territory
and a population of about three thousand. I call
the previous question on the bill.
Mr. SIMMS. Is there anything in the bill
about slavery ?
Mr. GROW. I would say to the gentleman,
that this bill is precisely like the bill which we
have just passed, and like the Colorado bill, which
has been agreed to by both Houses, with the
exception of the boundaries and the name.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
