874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
a State may constitutionally secede, is to say that
the constitutional elements were poisoned at the
birth of the nation, and of malice prepense were
intended to kill our national life 1 Such reasoning
overthrows all Government. It is to affirm that
the tribunal appointed for the arbitrament of
mooted questions under the Constitution, or that
the means for its own amendment, shall be set
aside at the pleasure of one of the parties to be
affected. Monstrous sophistry! Are gcntlemaja
of the South aware that it is from this twin her-
esy that the Republicans have drawn their argu-
ments for their personal liberty bills and for their
repudiation of the fugitive slave law? The very
chief justice of Ohio so recently remdovsed for
his seditious decision in the Oberlin fugitive case,
bases his adjudication on the usurpations of the
Federal Government, He, like South Carolina,
denies that " the decisions of the usurping party,
in favor of the validity of its own assumptions,
can settle anything." (Exparte, Bushncll, 9 Ohio
State Reports, 227.) He warns against the " prac-
tical omnipotence of the Federal Government by
making authoritative the judgment of its judicial
tribunals." He sang the Marseillaise in his ermine
from the supreme bench, as South Carolina sings
it in her convention.
I would,therefore,guard againstthe least recog-
nition of this right of secession, or of nullifica-
tion, which is the lesser type of the same disease.
It would, I say, destroy all government. It would
dissolve the united mass of powers now deposited
in the Union into thirty-three separate and con-
flicting States; each with a flag, a tariff, an army,
a foreign policy., a diversity of interests, and an
idiosyncrasy of ideas. Nay, that would be toler-
able, but it would do more and worse. It would
disintegrate States, counties, towns; tear cities
from their places on the map; disorder finances,
taxes, revenue, tariffs; and con vert this fabric, now
so fair and firm that it seems built on the earth's
base, and pillared with the firmament, into a piny
house of cards, built on a base of stubble. It
would thus destroy the established order. And
is such order among men, with a view to perma-
nency, nothing? The North has rights, prop-
erty, interests, relations in the South, not to be
sundered without loss; and the South in the
North, vice versa. Is this nothing? Is deprecia-
tion of property, depression of business, loss and
lack of employment, withdrawal of capital, de-
rangement of currency, increase of taxes, mis-
carriage of public works and enterprise, destruc-
tion of State credit, the loss of that national sym-
metry, geography, strength, name, honor, unity,
and glory, which publicists tell us are themselves
the creators and guardians of cash, credit, and
commerce—are these consequences nothing?
Surely such a mass of complicated interests—the
growth of years, clinging, with root and fiber, to
the eternal rocks of public stability—cannot be
uptorn without great struggle and stupendous
crimc.
I wish that I could contemplate secession as a
peaceful remedy. But I cannot. I fear that it
must be a forcible disruption. The Government
is framed so compactly in all its parts, that to tear
away one part, you tear the whole fabric asun-
der. It cannot be done by consent. There is no
authority to give consent. The Constitution looks
to no catastrophe of the kind. It is a voluntary,
violent, and cx parte proceeding. A majority of
the States, and a great majority of the people,
are hostile to it. In this angry and warlike dis-
ruption of the compact, where shall we find our
more perfect Union, the establishment of justice,
domestic tranquillity, provision for the common
defense, the promotion of the general welfare, and
the security of the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and posterity ?
In this light, the ordinance of South Carolina
becomes an offense; and in case a sufficient num-
ber of others followed, to the bankruptcy of the
remainder, or the injury of any, it would be worse
than an offense. In the cases of Texas and Flor-
ida, Louisiana and California,for which millions
were paid, the inquiry would be made whether it
would not be a fraud so colossal that neither lan-
guage nor law can measure it.
Mr. REAGAN. I would ask the gentleman
when a dollar has been paid for Texas?
Mr. COX. I cannot give way. My time is
limited. Beside, the same question was asked
in the Senate: and Judge Douglas answered it.
The country knows both question and answer. I
proceed. If, then, South Carolinacan dispense with
an amendment of the Constitution to which she
solemnly acceded on the 23d of May, 1788, can-
not she dispense with other portions of that in-
strument; ay, even with this American Congx*ess?
The whole framework of our Government, by the
action of separate States, may thus be swept away.
This Congress may be dissolved, if not by the
military usurpation which dissolved the Long
Parliament, or expelled the Council of Five Hun-
dred from the Orangery of St. Cloud, yet by the
very impotence of its organism, as the Confeder-
ation dissolved under its imperfect articles, to give
place to'this more perfect Union !
What justification does South Carolina offer
for this act? " Fifteen States," says her declara-
tion, " have deliberately refused for years to ful-
fill their constitutional obligations." It refers to
the fourth article of the Constitution for the spe-
cific cause of grievance. But is there not now,
since the vote in this House the other day on the
personal liberty bills, when the demands of re-
turning public justice made even the sincerc gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] recede from
his ultraism—a reasonable hope of curing these
evils? Again: is there not the Supreme Court,
as to whose fidelity no question is raised in the
South? And are these peculiar wrongs remedi-
less in that forum? The Governor of Kentucky
has already arraigned the recreant executive of
Ohio for his delinquency under a kindred consti-
tutional clause. "Why may you not exhaust your
remedies in the courts before you raise thcensign
of revolt? If you would have public opinion cor-
rect the errors of the North as to fugitives from
justice and labor, already assurances come from
all quarters that such remedy will be given. Re-
publican Governors and Legislatures are begin-
ning to recede from their aggressive acts. Already
Ohio has begun this work of icdress.
The fugitive slave law may be the ostensible rea-
son for secession, or ancillary to the real grievance.
Aside from certain economic reasons, which have
ever impelled South Carolina, and which I will not
now consider, the real grievance consists in the
apprehension of slave insurrections and abolition,
under the auspices of an Executive who, though
not yet inaugurated, was elected on a principle of
hostility to the social system of the South. Or,
to give it the strongest statement, which I find m
a pamphlet, signed by the member from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Hindman,] 44 The Republican candi-
dates were elected upon a platform destructive of
our rights, branding our institutions as infamous,
decreeing the equality of the negro with ourselves
and our children, and dooming us,in the end, with
murderous certainty, to all the horrors of insur-
rection and servile war." lie holds: ''that to
imprison slavery forever in the States where it
now exists, will, in time, overburthen the land
with the predominating increase in the ratio of
blacks to whites, until there will be a conflict for
supremacy of races, and the blacks will be ex-
terminated; or else the white man must abandon
his countryforever to the negro." I will grant the
full force of this fear, though not the sufficiency
of this or any mere fear as a cause to justify
revolution. The Union men of the North began
to warn against the dawning of this dangerous
geographical movement in 1856. They repeated
then, and then not m vain, the fareweH words of
Washington. From every press and husting
which a Democrat could command, this evil day
was prophesied. But we wereCassandras. Unbe-
lieving men derided us as doughfaces, and sneered
at us as Union-savers. The patiiotic Choate, in
one of his weird and wondrous prophecies, in 1855,
with the pain of anxiety and fear upon his brow,
put on record his deliberate and inextinguishable
opposition to this geographical party. He re-
garded the contest then as the stupendous trial
and peril of our national life. Admitting faults
south and faults north, yet turning to the battle
years of t!u- Republic and its baptism of fire, he
j! shrank aghast at the moral treason of attempting
jj to weave and plait the two north wings of the
old national parties into a single northern one, and
cut the southern wing off altogether, as neither
far-sighted nor safe, however new and bold. Let
me give his statement of the complaint, for he
stated it in advance as strongly us it can now be
staled:
" To eoniMnc the^f parties thu-j against cach other geo-
graphically—to take the whole vast range of the free States,
lying together, sixteen out of thirty-one, seventeen mil-
lion out of five or six and twenty million—thf  most pop-
ulous, the strongest, the most advancing—and form them
in battalion against the lewer numbers and slower growth
and waning relative power on the other side ; to bring this
sectional majority under party drill and stimulus of pay
and rations j to offer to it, as a party, the Government of
our country; its most coveted honors ; its laigest salaries;
all its sweets of patronage and place ; to penctiatc and fire
so mighty and so compact a mass with tiie still more deli-
cious idea that they are moving for human rights and the
equality of man ; to call out their clergy from the pulpit,
the library, the bed-side of the dying, the chair of the
anxious inquirer, the hearth of the bereaved, to bless such
a crusade ; to put in requisition every species of rhetoric
and sophistry to impress on the general mind the sublime
and impressive dogma that all men are born free and equal;
and that such a geographical party is a well-adapted means
to that end—does this strike you as altogether in the splm
of Washington and Franklin, and the preamble to the Con-
stitution, and the Farewell Address? Does it strike you
that if carried out it will prove to be a mere summer excur-
sion To Moscow? Will there be no bivouack in the snow,
no avenging winter hanging on retreat; no Leipsic, no
Waterloo?''
Has the avenging winter indeed come! God
in his mercy forbid !
That crusade failed in 1856. "What a risk we
ran then ! It succeeded in 1860. What a pen!
is now upon us! What a crusade it was which
has produced it! I well remember that my own
Republican competitor for this seat was quoted
in the Blackwood Magazine, with Tory delight,
over the an ti-slavery revolution which ho preached
in this House in 1856, and which he would have
ushered in with Bunker Hills, and other battle-
fields of freedom.
But admitting the source of this great peril to
lie, as it is admitted, in Republican ascendency:
still, I ask, is it remediless in the Union? Ad-
mitting all you claim of danger to your States
from this sectional triumph; admitting that you
are riglit in concerting for your own protection—
yet is it right, fair, or just, to rush forward, re-
gardless alike of friends and foes, to a chasm
where no guarantee can be asked or offered? Give
us one more chance to appeal to the returning
reason of theNorth,now that it isstartled by the
fulfillment of these prophesies and warnings. If
you do not, what then? You will give to your
enemies the advantage which belongs to you and
to us. They are already eager to seize the legis-
lative as well as the executive departments. They
talk of reforming the Supreme Court for then-
purposes. They who have taught and practiced
the breaches of civil discipline, are becoming the
conservators of public order. On your retiracy,
they will filch from its old guard the ensign of
the Constitution. Why, to break up this Gov-
ernment before a full hearing; of the grievances,
is to be worse even than Red Republicanism!
Shall it be said that some of our friends of the
South arc worse than the Red Communists of
France? So it would seein, and so I will proceed
to prove.
Apprehension of evil! It was the argument of
despotism in France in 1851. Louis Napoleon
usrd it for his bad purposes; but the French Re-
publicansdenounced it. Let me draw the analogy.
In article forty-five of the French Constitution,
it was enacted:
" Le President de la R6publiquc estelu pourquatreans,
et n'est r<>eiigiblequ'«ipi^>un mtervaHe dequatie annees."
—>Slimuairc lli&torique, 1848, Jippcndic, p. 43.
In article one hundred and ten, it was further
enacted:
" Lorsque, dan-Ie dernierc annee d'une Legislature l'As
sembloc natiomilc auin cinis lo voeu quo ia Constitution
soit modifiee en tout ou en partie, il scia procede & cette
revision de la manic resmvante.
" Le voeu cxprime pai l'A^omblee ne sera converti en
resolution definitive qtrapte> tiois dohbeiations succcs-
bivcs pn^es ehacune & un mois (Pinteivalle et aux trois
quarts dt-s suffrages c.\pnmcs.
" Le iiombie des volants ne pourra 6tre moindrc dc cinq
cents."
Thus, in 1848, Louis Napoleon was elected
President for four years, the constitutional term.
He was by the one hundred and tenth article, in-
eligible to a reelection except after an interval of
four years. His term would have expired in
May, 1853. The summer of 1851, in France, was
signalized by vague apprehensions of a re\olt,
when the President should constitutionally go
out. Under this apprehension the National Le-
gislature were summoned to change the Constitu-
tion. It required three expressed ballots of the
Assembly, taken at a month's interval, with three-
fourths of the Assembly, and at least five hundred
