1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
votes to be given, before that Constitution could
be so changed as to continue Napoleon in power.
Hereupon arose a parliamentary struggle, une-
gualed in any forum. It was before the giant
intellects of Franco were exiled by the perfidy of
its ruler. Here was a country like Franco, with
sixty years of political vicissitude, wherein every
tradition and compact had been violated*, and yet
even there, the Constitution of the new Republic
was invested with such a sanctity, that it defied
the majority of the Assembly to change it. The
Lafayettes, the Hugos, the Lamartines, the Af-
rican Generals, Lamoriciere, Changurnier, Ca-
vaignac, Bedeau, and Lcflo, struggled against this
change, with an eloquence radiant with French
fervor, and inspired with tho genius of great deeds.
Their President had sworn to be " faithful to the
Democratic Republic, one and undivisible, and
to fulfill tho duties imposed by the Constitu-
tion," At length a vote was taken. There were
446 for the amendment; only 278 against it; a ma-
jority of 168; but not enough; not the required
three fourths! The crafty President, finding he
could not change the Constitution in the constitu-
tional manner, began to ply the popular will for
his purposes. The ConseilsGeneraux demanded,
and two million people petitioned for the change.
But the Republicans, moderatcand red, stood their
ground. Even Proudhon, blood-red Communist,
from his prison of St. Pelagic, wrote Girardin
that universal suffrage would not be price enough
for such a breach of the Constitution. The great
question was referred to a. committee, of which
De Tocqueville was chairman. He, too, with-
stood the pressure of power. The will of the
minority, for whose protection constitutions arc
made, became, through the constituted mode of
amendment, the will of the majority; nay, of the
State—just as nine States in this Union hold out-
Constitution in statu quo, against the will of the
remainder. These loyal Frenchmen appealed to
the nation against the adherents of the Bourbon,
Orleans, and Bonaparte. (i No," they said, "we
will not give up the repose of France, at the price
of quieting apprehension of future revolt." They
thus confined the enemies of the Republic to the
circle of the Constitution, from which they could
not break without crime. They declared that the
prolongation of the term of Napoleon was a crime,
impious and parricidal. When it was said that
Napoleon would override the Constitution with
force in 1852, if notbeforc,they answered: "Such
a crisis will be revolution, arising from a viola-
tion of the fundamental compact. In that case
we declare that, enveloped in the flag of France,
we will do the duty which the salvation of the
Republic imposes!"
On the other hand, it was urged, as it is hero
urged, that if the Constitution was not broken,
there would be dangers more fatal. By a fore-
knowledge of disaster, it was urged that the end
of Napoleon's term must be a convulsion, which
the Assembly, acting on an apprehension, ought
to bind in advance. To save him from perjury,
a majority of the Assembly were willing to com-
mit it themselves. So now, according to my
theory, South Carolina would break the Constitu-
tion and her oath of fealty, in apprehension of an
aggression which the President elect, even if he
would, has no power to commit.
The summer of 1851 passed in France. Again
and again had the minority of the Assembly res-
cued the Constitution from civil dethronement.
They triumphed in the forum of reason. But
stay! In a night—in the midst of the debates of
the Assembly—on that fatal December night, the
usurper seized the reins of power, and like a thief,
by a nocturnal surprise, he silenced every voice
but his own, muzzled the press, struck down the
Assembly, transported its leaders without judg-
ment, made his Senate of mock dukes, and sur-
rounded himself with the bastards of his race. He
illustrated the glory of a reign based on nullifica-
tion, force, perjury, and fraud ! And is this the
banquet to which the American people is invited,
by those among us who hate Red Republicans
even worse than black? Let the American free-
man from this example remember this lesson: If
political compacts like our Constitution be broken,
the limits of authority are effaced. Right suc-
cumbs to force. It signifies little whether such
acts are done by Executive usurpation, military
compression, congressional action. orState seces-
sion; the Government is gone! States which will
not keep inviolate the fixed principles of constitu-
tional right repudiate their own strength, assas-
sinate their own life, tarnish their own glory, and
will rcceive and deserve the ill-starred fate of
Franco! In whatever form these infractions may
come, history has but one answer for their effect.
When law is defied successfully, division will
come armed with tenfold terror. Force will be
arrayed against force. The brute rules and reason
dies. If not resisted, there is but one alternative:
yokes of wood instead of cords of silk, and yokes
of iron instead of yokes of wood; the red specter
of revolution, or the gentler movements of acqui-
escent infraction of the organic law. There is
but one step from the Capitol to the Tarpeian
rock. After oenturics of brave struggle, thus
France lost the Republic. What shall we say of
America, with her seventy years crowded with
the trophies of her success and greatness ? Read
the prophetic warning of Judge Story (vol. 2, p.
138, of his Life and Letters) in his introduction
to his Commentaries on the Constitution:
"The influence of the disturbing causes which, moie
than oiice in the Convention, were on the point of break-
ing up the Union, have bince immeasurably incieased in
concentration and vigor. The very inequal ities of a Gov-
ernment, confessedly founded on a compromise, were then
felt with a stiong sensibility; and every newsource of dis-
content, whether accidental or permanent^ has since added
increased activity to the painful sense oi these inequali-
ties. The North cannot but peiceive that it has yielded to
the 5outh a superioiity of representatives), aheady amount-
in'; to twenty-five, beyond its due proportion; and the
South imagines that, with all this preponderance in repre-
sentation, tho othei parts ot the Union enjoy a nioie per-
fect protection of their interest* than hm own. The VVe t
feeN her growing power and weight in the Union, and the
Atlantic fctates begin to learn that the scepter must one
day depait fiom them. If, under these chcunistancea, the
CJnion should once be biokcn up, it is impossible that a
new Constitution should ever be formed embracing the j
whole territory. VVe^hail be divided into scveial nations
or confederacies, rivals in power and interest, too proud
to brook injuiy, and too eloisc to make retaliation distant
or inefl'ectual. Our very animosities will, hke those of
all other kindred nations, become moie deadly, because
our hnease, laws, and language, are the same. Lot the hi*?-
toiy of the Grecian and Italian Republics warn us of our
dangeis. The national Constitution is our last and our
only security. United we stand, divided we fall.,J
Ah! it is easier to commit than to ju&tify such
a parricide ! But to justify it on an apprehen-
sion, is neither courageous nor safe. Let South
Carolina beware! God is just, and history inex-
orable. In leaving the ensign of the stars and
stripes, she will find no repose beneath her little
palm. It is from Augustus to Augustulus. Her
only renown and strength are in the clustered
States—the bundestaat, as the Germane term it—
not in selfish, unfraternal, and hostile loneliness.
When she unbinds the bonds of the Constitution,
she opens her peace to the chances of that dark
future, so vividly anticipated by the gentleman
from Arkansas.
I do notsay that 1 would vote means and money
to repress her revolution. But am I not bound by
my oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted and not of the disunited States ? If I do not
do my part to carry on this Government, and to
enforce its laws, have I any business here? Nei-
ther can I withhold my respect from magistrates
because they arc not my choice. Private opinions
must give place to public authority. The election
of Abraham Lincoln, under the forms of the Con-
stitution, however deplorable, cannot be ques-
tioned with argument or aims. Judge Douglas
exhausted the argument in his reply to the Nor-
folk questions; and I have no such poor opinion
of any portion of our people as to believe that
they will question it with arms. South Carolina
herself participated in this electoin, giving her
voice for her favorite. When, therefore, she
would ignore this election, and break the estab-
lished order for this and other unjustifiable causes,
she runs a fearful risk. Her destiny becomes a
raffle. Insurrection of her slaves will then only
become a question of opportunity. The slave
trade will not help, only hasten and aggravate her
ills. Perhaps, in the eye of Providence, it was
her wisest act, when she yielded her assent to
that Federal covenant which was and is a restraint
against herself and her slaves and for herself and
her safety. That assent and that covenant were
the highest expression of the popular will; for
they were the voice of the majority, which Jef-
ferson called the vital principle of Republics, and
from which there is no appeal but to force—the
vital principle and immediate parent ofdespotism.
Before risking such chances, cannot the South
await the returning justice of the North ? Unless
disunion be determined .upon in spite of every
effort at harmony, I do not sec why, after having
s'o long acquiesced in the breach of the fourth arti-
cle of the Constitution, any State should go out
upon that ground, even though, as Mr. -Webster
held, its breach be treason. And as for the North,
so long as the Federal laws remain unbroken,
and no serious detriment to the public property
and peace is threatened, cannot sne, too, tolerate
these heated appeals, rebellious ordinances, and
too careless handling of gunpowder at Point Mor-
ris, with equanimity, for the chance only of the
rehabilitation of the seceding States? At least,
until the North repeal their nullification laws,
would not such equanimity be magnanimity? Let
the South desist from further attempts to obstruct
the collection of the Federal revenues and despoil
the property of the Government; let there be no
attempt to exclude the people North and West
from this Federal District and Capitol, and no at-
tempt to shut us who are inland from the Gulf or
sea; and then what occasion is there likely to arise
in which the North will dare take up arms to
shooter bayonet southern citizensinto the Union,
which they only leave, we may hope, construct-
ively? If, as Douglas argued, war is disunion,
cannot we who love it so well afford to be patient
for the Union ?
But what adanger is here ! Once let the fealty
to this Government, be broken, and who can re-
strain the excesses incident thereto? If such
excesses be committed, there would be aroused a
martial spirit which, in rushing to the defense of
Major Anderson and his men in Fort Sumter, or
to avenge their death, would do and dare all in
the name of our great Republic. Touch not a hair
of his head! He is sacred to-day. He embodies
the patriotism of millions. Accident has made
him the defender of that flag which has floated
from Bunker Hill to Mexico. His death would
open a gulf in which the people would pour, in
vengeance and in vain, their treasures and their
children.
Or if a confederation South propose to control
the mouths of the Mississippi and its banks, do
you believe it could be donfe without a protest of
arms? Do you know the history of that acquisi-
tion, and its vital necessity to the Northwest? I
hope you have listened to the able recital of my
friend from Illinois [Mr.McCleiinand] touching
these points. It would seem, from the news we
have to-day,tlmta systemof espionage and deten-
tion by force has already been begun in Missis-
sippi, upon steamers from the North. That mighty
river, of two thousand miles extent, one of whose
tributaries doubles the parent stream in its length,
with its $60,000,000 worth of steamers, domgthe
business of twelve States, with an area of one mil-
lion two hundred thousand square miles drained by
its waters—from the snows and timbers of the
North to the sun and blooms of the South—will
ever remain in the Union ! Itwas the necessityfor
itsuseandoutletwhich, in part, called for the Con-
stitution seventy-five years ago. As the veteran
General Cass told me, the sparse population in my
own State, of which he was one, were even then
ready to rise in arms, in conscquence of a provis-
ional treaty with Spain, which did not adequately
provide for tho coveted riparian privileges. And
now, after a usufruct of three quartersof a century,
not only the commerce, the honor, and the riglns
of the West, but the protesting voices of nature,
calling from valley and hill, in summer rains, in
gold washing streams and smiling cultivation;
nay, progress itself, which is the life of the West
—which has made it deserve the poet's phrase, ap-
plied to ancient Latium, ubere glebie, atque potens
armis—progress, which is the stride of a god across
the continent—all these agencies would conspire to
redden the Mississippi to float our uncqualed prod-
uce between its banks to the sea! It is industry
which would thus dccree; and it would execute its
own edict. With us, not gold, nor cotton, but in-
dustry is king ! However homely its attire, it
wears the spiritual purple,and on its brow the cor-
onal of bearded gram, impearled with the priceless
sweat of independence. It will stretch Us scepter
from the river unto the ends of the earth I Neither
imposts, nor tariffs, nor obstructions, norforeign
control, nor hazard of foreign war, can hedge in
its empire. These rights of transit and outlet are
ours by use, by purchase, by possession; and cure
they will remain.
