1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellersuponthemotion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Stanton appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 52.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays GO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adralu, William C. An-
derson, Avery, Barret, Bocock,Boteler, Brabson, Bristow,
Brown, Bufiinton, Butch, Carey, Case, Horace F. Claik,
John B. Clark, John Cochrane, James Craig, Burton
Craige, John G. Davis, Edgerton, Etherldge, Florence,
Fouke, Gilmer, Gooeh, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison Har-
ris, John T. Harris, Haskin, Hatton, Hickman, [Iolman,
William Howard, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Larrabee,
James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Lovejoy, Malloiy, Mar-u
ton, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, Mc-
Clernand, McKenty, Million, Laban T.Moore, Moorhead,
Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Potter, Qtmrlc4*, Biggs, James C. Robinson, Sickles,
Simms, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thom-
as, Vance, Varidever, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elhhu 13. Washbumc, Webster, Windorn, and
Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Ashley,
Barr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayion, Bnggs, Campbell,
Carter, Coburn, Colfax, Conway, Covode, Cuitte, Dawes,
De Jarnette, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Ferrv, Foster, Frank, Graham, Grow, Guilcy,
William A. Howard, Hughes, llutchins, Irvine, Francis
W. Kellogg, Loomis, McKean, McKnight, MePherson,
Miilward, Morrill, Palmer, Perry, Potter, Pottle, Christo-
pher Robinson, lloyce, Ruffin, Somes, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tompkins, Tram, Van Wyek, Walton,
Wells, Wilson, and Woodruff— 60.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. ni.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 2, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
Mr, FITCH. 1 move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal, that reports may be made;
this being the last opportunity the committees
will have to do so.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with
by unanimous consent.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented the credentials of Hon.
Jacob Collamer, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont, for the term of six
years, commencing on the 4 th day of March, 1861;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
AIOIY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their amendment4? to
the bill of the House ot Representatives (11. R. No. 899)
making appropriations for the suppoit of the Aimy for the
year ending June 30,1862,non-concurred in by that House,
and disagree to the amendments of the House of lto pie-
MiiitativuV to the thirtieth andthirty-founh amendments ol
the Senate to the said bill, and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the said hill.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Vice
President was authorized to appoint the commit-
tee; and Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Latham, and Mr.
Bragg, were appointed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing vote of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the hill (H. 11. No. 8(>.r>) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with vanous Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1862, submitted the
following report.
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the b.U (II. R. No. making ap-
propriations for the cuirent ami contingent expense*, of the
Indian department, and (or fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1*0-2,
having mei, after full and free conference, ha"e agreed to
leeonirnend to their respective Houses, as lblhnvs :
That the House recede from its disagreement to the sen-
ates eighteenth amendment: add at the end of the amend-
ment the following words* " or so mueii thereof as may
be nccessaiy for the expenses actually incurred."
That the House recede lrom its disagreement to the Sen-
ate's twcntj-fir.-3i amendment, and aqree to the same with
the following amendment: strike out the whole of said
twenty-first amendment, and in lieu thereof insert the fol-
lowing: " That the salary of the agent for the Wiehitas
and other Indians in the country leased by the Choctaw^ to
the United States shall be 1,500 per annum, from and after i
the 1st day of Jul), I860." !
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House,
to the seventh amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate reccde from its amendments numbered
three and twenty.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, numbered four, nineteen, five,
and six, and concur in said amendments.
J. A. PEARCE,
L. W. POWELL,
DANIEL CLARK,
Manavprs on the part of the Senate.
EMERSON ETHERLDGE,
J. H. GRAHAM.
I dissent,
JOHN S. PHELPS.
Mr. PEARCE. I will make any explanations
in regard to these amendments, which may be
desired; otherwise, I shall not trouble the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING- presented a memorial of citizens of
Albany, New York, praying Congress to support
the Constitution and laws, and maintain the in-
tegrity of the Union; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a memorial of the German
Republican citizens of Williamsburg, New York,
asking Congress to support the Constitution, and
make no compromises; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Os-
wego county, New York, in favor of the Union,
the Constitution,and the enforcementof the laws;
which was oidered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of inhabitants of
New York, praying for the enforcement of all con-
stitutional laws in all the States; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of D.J. Churchill
and others, of Herkimer county, New York,
against hasty and inconsiderate action by Con-
gress; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Os-
wego county, New York, asking Congress to stand
by the Constitution and the Government, and to
make no compromise whatever; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Rucks county, Pennsylvania, for the Union, the
Constitution, and the laws; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition from citizens of
the United States, praying for the improvement
of the water channel between the head of Lake
Michigan and the Mississippi river; which was
ordeied to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Elisha Holton,
and others, of Steuben county, New York, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law authorizing the
slave States peaceably to secede; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Os-
wego county, New York, asking that no law shall
be passed to authorize slavery north or south of
the old Missouri compromise line; which was
ordeied to he on the table.
He also presented a petition of inhabitants of
New York, praying the enforcement of all con-
stitutional jaws in all the States; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Ballardville, Massachusetts, in favor of the
Union, the Constitution as it is, and the enforce-
ment of the laws—believing that the laws should
be obeyed, rather than amended; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Wabashaw, Minnesota, in favor of the
Constitution as it is?, and opposed to any com-
promise whatever; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Minnesota, remonstrating against the enactment
of any law, or the adoption of any proposition to
amend the Constitution, which has in view the
extension of slavery; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, in favor
of the Union, the Constitution as it is, and the
enforcementof the laws; which was ordered to he
on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy, accom-
panied by one hundred copies of the Navy Regis-
ter for the current year, for the use of the Senate;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate the report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, a list of clerks and other civil officers em-
ployed in the Department during the year 1860;
which, on motion of Mr. Fitch, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information relating to the extradition of
one Anderson, a man of color.
Mr. FITCH. I move the reference of the pa-
pers to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POLK. And that they be printed.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN SIMPSON'S REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a motion of the Senator from
California [Mr. Latham] in relation to printing
extra copies of Captain Simpson's report of his
explorations across the Great Basin of Utah Ter-
ritory, for a wagon route from Camp Floyd to
Genoa, in Carson Valley, have directed me to
report a resolution, and ask for its adoption:
Ordered, That the report of the Societary of War, eom-
municating the report of Captain Simpson of his explora-
tions acioos the Great Basin ot Utah Teirnory, called for
by the resolution of the Senate of 30th January, 1861, be
printed ; and that four thousand additional copies be
punted, three thousand fur the use of the Senate, and one
thousand for the War Department.
Mr. CLINQMAN. I inquire what win be the
probablecostofthispublication. I am thoroughly
opposed to the Pacific railroad reports, and other
books which wc have printed and circulated at
immense expense; and 1 want to know what the
cost of this will be.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator cannot be more
opposed to them than I am; but the urgency of
the Senators from California and Oregon,and the
West generally, in favor of printing this report,
induced the committee to recommend its printing.
I believe it should be printed. 1 understand that
it is a survey of a route across the Great Basin,
by which the distance is shortened several hun-
dred miles. The cost, of course, will be consid-
erable, but not very much upon four thousand
copies. It cannot be very high.
JVIr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator accept
an amendment that the whole expenditure shall
not exceed §10,000; or $5,000, perhaps, would be
better. I move to amend, by saying that it shall
not exceed $5,000.
Mr. FITCH. I presume the amendment of the
Senator would defeat the publication. It is very
easy for him to call for the reading of the estimate
which accompanies the report, of course. My im-
pression is that the estimate for five thousand
extra copies is somewhere near twenty thousand
dollars.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask that the estimate
of the Superintendent of Public Printing may be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Of?ice Superin'ttndent Pitbmc Printing,
Washington, February Id, 1861.
Sir : The following is the estimated cost of printing and
binding, in quarto form, Captain Simpson's icpoitof his
expiotauons acioss the Gieat Basin of Utah Terntoiy, for
a vvugon route from Camp Floyd to Genoa, m Carson val-
lev, namely:
For the usual number alone, (1,550 copies,) $10,016
For " " '• and 5.0UU extra copies  25,221
For « « " " 10',000 u u   40,433
And &3,0-il for each 1,000 extra copies thereafter
Very respectfully,
JOHN HEART, Supeiintendent.
Hon. G. ]V. Fitch, Chairman Committee on Punting, Sen-
ate United States.
In the above, the estimated co< of preparing the engrav-
ings and punting the u-uai number (l,.">00 copies'! of them,
is .$j,lt?9, and foi each additional thou><md copies,
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to consider
this repoit to-day if objection be made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler. in
the chair.) The resolution will have to he over
if it be objected to.
Mr. ClilNGMAN. Then I insist that it shall
he over. I am utterly opposed to the system.
AVES ISLANDS.
Mr. FETCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print extra
