376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Leaving these elements of strife unstirred, the
secession movement may vanish into a foolish
dream—a specter of the night, which will depart
when the dawn shall again environ us in the cycle
of its felicities!
But, as to these vague apprehensions ofaggres-
sion fro in the President elect. Would it not be
best 10 await his entrance into power? What
ovi-rt act has he yet done, or his party, in a Fed-
eral way? if you resist now, it should be against
the States whose legislation is hostile; not against
the General Government, which has done you no
wrong. When that overt act is done which you
fear, you will find the northern Democracy ready
to join you in the defense of your rights and the
vindication of your equality of privilege.
Wiii southern statesmen look a few facts in the
face/not with that dumb gaze which deadens the
will and paralyzes the intellect, but with that large
roundabout common sense which distinguished
her early statesmen? is notMr. Lincoln power-
less for harm? Elected by about two million out
of five million votes, he is m a minority of a mil-
lion. That minority diminishes with every hour
of northern misery, want, and bankruptcy. In
that million there are antagonizing elements, with-
out power morally or politically. More than half
of that million will show a feeling of fraternity,
which no partisanship can overwhelm. They
will unite with thatgallant band of Democrats and
Americans in the Nortji, who have ever warned
and worked against the impending catastrophe.
They will stand in the next Senate and House as
a bulwark against the further advancesof section-
alism. In my own State there are two hundred
thousand patriots already, as a nucleus for this
great party of Union and justice.
These men, sir, will welcome any honorable
settlement. For myself, 1 have a preference. I
would prefer Judge Douglas's pi opositions even
to the border State projet. But I will vote for
either, for they answer every reasonable demand
with respect to the fugitive slave law, slavery m
this District, and on other points. In reference to
the Territories, the border projet provides:
" That the line of hhail be i tin through all the evict-
ing territory ot the United States; that in all noith of that
lino slavery .shall be prohibited, and that, south ol that hue,
neither Congress nor the Territorial Legislature --hall hetc-
after pass any law abolishing, piohibiung, or in any man-
ner interfering with A(nean slaveiv, and that, when any
Territory containing a sufficient population U i otic num-
ber of Congress m any area of M\ly thousai.d >quarc miles,
shall apply tor admission as a State, it. shall be admitted,
Willi or without slavery, as its constitution may determine."
But, if this will not answer, let the proposition
of Mr. Douglas or Mr. Rice be adopted. Nay,
farther, if it be the only alternative to preserve
this Union, I would vote for the proposition of
Mr. Crittenden. Much as 1 dislike, m this age
of progress, an irrevocable law, still I would
write it in the Constitution, if thus only you can
preserve that instrument. It provides for an irrev-
ocable division of the territory. The President
says of it:
" The proposition to compromise, by letting the North
have exclOMVo control of the teiritoiynbovca ceirain line,
and giving southern institutions protection below that line,
ought to receive universii approbation, hi itself, indeed,
it may not be entirely satisfactory; hut when the alterna-
tive is between a reasonable concession «m both sideband
the destruction of the Union, it is an imputation on the pa-
triotic of Congress to assert that its member* will hesi-
tate for a moment."
Shall this appeal for compromise bo ineffectual ?
It may be a sacrifice of northern sentiment. But,
sir, the conservative men will sacrifice much for
the Union. Sacrifice and compromise are con-
vertible terms. They are words of honorable
import. The one gave us Calvary; the other the
Constitution. Nothing worth having was ever
gamed without them. Even the father compro-
mised with the prodigal son, despite the mean-
ness of the elder brother. lie saw him afar off,
ran to him, and, with the evidences of affection,
restored him to his heirshipand honor. Sacrifice
for our political salvation! Heaven will smile
upon it. The dove of peace will rest upon it. If
the Republicans will only lend us a few of their
conservative votes in this House, we will do our
part to make compromise honorable. If you dis-
like the word compromise, and are content with
the offices and power it will insure you, very
well. You may bear away the booty, we will
carry the banner ! We will not quarrel, nor need
we taunt each othei. You may enjoy the honors
and patronage of administration; to us will belong
the laureled crown of the. revolution, and the civic
wreath of the great convention.
Our southern friends do not know the Repub-
licans as we do. They will be content with the :
tricks—and I trustallow usthe honors. They will
be as harmless in office as most men are. When
General Wilson talks of grinding the slave power
to powder, he never intends to use the powder,
only to enjoy the power. [Laughter.] When the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Loyejoy] would
speak to the God of battles, he is only praying to
an unknown God. [Renewed laughter.] When
Senator Wade, at Belfast, Maine, four years ago,
proclaimed that there was no Union, that the pre-
tended Union was meretricious; and when he pro-
posed to drive " slavery back to her own dark
dominions, and there to let her rot, and damn all
who foster her," he was only illustrating that
Christian sweetness of temper and fragrance of
sentiment which now is offered up as incense on
the only altar he knows, that of a meretricious
Union, whose shew-bread he would eat and whose
precious emblems he would plunder! The John
Brown and Helper characteristics are convenient
garments among them, to be put on to proselyte
the churches and the old women, and to be put
off to placate wide-awakes and old Whigs. They
do this for office. They do not think of its effect
upon the South. It is a trick to be ignored when
in office. These defiant men at home will become
sucking doves in power. It is not instinct to fight
over provender. If the South could understand
them, and not take them at their word too rashly.
It is said that the reason why the South opposes
the rule of Republicanism is, that their tenets are
misrepresented at the South. 1 will not now show
you what they profess at home. I hope they will
fully disavow,under the composing sweets of fat
jobs and offices, their bad acts and worse avowals
when outofoffice. And is there not reason for hope?
Patience ! already they arc willing to forego their
congressional provisoes against slavery. They
have already proposed to drop intervention by
Congress. T hey are willing to accept New Mexico
as a slave State. Courage, gentlemen ! I do not
taunt, I applaud, this spirit of conciliation. The
Republican party would enjoy its power. In this
it is not peculiar, perhaps. It is a way men and
parties have. It will remember that to retain
power, in the matter of personal liberty bills, non-
delivery of criminals, judicial decisions,and other
aggressions on the Constitution, these wrongs can-
not stand. It is as revolutionary to try to keep such
things as they are, as it is to upset the Government
because of them. There is nothing so convulsive
and unnatural as the strain to keep wrong in the
ascendant. Mr. Lincoln in the White House may
not be the rail-splitter out of it. Abraham, in
faith, may offer up his " irrepressible" offspring.
[Laughter.] He will bo a conservative, with a total
oblivion of the radical. The one will 44 conflict"
with the othcr;and the former will become all one
thing without the other. I think he will disap-
point the South as much as he will the'abolition
wing of his party, in their Sumner speeches and
in their abolition platforms, it would seem as if
the Republicans would hold this Union together
by the running noose of John Brown gibbets; but
when they approach the august presence of power,
and undertake to rule thirty-one million people
as already demonstrated here, they hold up the
fasces of the Republic and wonder why we ever
misunderstood or misrepresented their innocency!
Their success is the result of passionate ap-
peals. Passion soon subsides. This is the old and
avowed means of the anti-slavery party. It began
in England, as you will see by the London Times
of November 3, 1832, when hired orators went
over Britain, under pay of an anti-slavery prop-
agandism. It was then said that George Thomp-
son, who was sent to this country as its apostle,
was " the very lecturer we want, because his lec-
tures are addressed to the passions. We are so
satisfied of the goodness of our cause, that we
do not want to consult the reason or judgment of
the people. If they vote for us, we do not care
whether their votes come through their passions
or not." This brute appeal to the passions suc-
ceeded in England, as her rumed West Indies
testify; for philanthropy there is great in propor-
tion to its distance from its object. But here the
sense of a brotheily people will reprehend such
appeals. They see the African here in his rela-
tion of servitude. They know what he becomes
in the North when free. They know that it is
impossible to manumit him without injury irrep-
arable to white and black. They will not sac-
rifice this Government of thirty-one million whites
to do no good to three and a half million blacks.
Even many of those who oppose slavery, find in it
the relation which the eagle and the lamb sustained
in the air. It might have been wrongfor the eagle
to seize the lamb. The eagle, while holding it,
may return to a consciousness of the wrong he
is doing; "but it does not follow that he should
let it drop from his talons to the earth. It seems
impossible for any one to view the philosophy of
Republican principles, and not revolt in sober
reason from its inevitable and suicidal results.
There is hope that it will be as timid in power as
it is destructive in principle. Heaven will smile
on such timidity. Nay, it will cease to be such,
if prompted by an honest desire to establish jus-
tice by the retraction of wrong. It will becomo
moral courage.
When Mr. Giddings writes to Mr. Ewing, that
none but cowards, none but invirile minions of
the slave power, like himself, are afraid of disso-
lution, he begins to show the impotence of a rage
at a fracture already begun in the party he origin-
ated. The Republican party, it is to be hoped,
under the lead of Bates, Raymond, Corwin, Ew-
ing, Weed, ay, and Seward and Lincoln also,
will drown the Giddings crew, even if they have
to scuttle their own party ship, and go down
with it.
Time, patience, fidelity to your old and tried
friends, gentlemen of the South, and all will be
well! Let us exhaust every effort at an accom-
modation. Protest if you will; secede in your
harmless way if you are so impelled; but do not
make an aggression upon the laws of the Union
until in a last resort, when your northern friends
can sustain you and history will justify you.
There is wisdom in the letter of George Wash-
ington, of July 27, 1798, accepting a c< mmand in
chief, in the threatened war against the French
directory. Said he:
(• Satisfied lhat yon have sincerely endeavored to avert
war, and exhausted to the l,v t drop the cup of reconcilia-
tion, we tun, with pure health, appeal to Heaven tor the
justice of our cause."
When you have drained the cup of recon-
ciliation dry and have not justice, you will find
a majority of northern men ready to fight your
battle on our ground ' Never, never will the
Democrats of Ohio, so long as their Republican
Governors, legislators, and judges, do not re-
trace their steps and do justice to the Constitution
which they have annulled; never will these Dem-
ocrats, the best, I will not say the only fighting
elementof Ohio,thrust Republican wrongs down
the throats of the South at the point of the bay-
onet! Am I answered that no such wiongs
exist? If there be an Ohio Republican on this
floor who so answers, I throw down the glove and
will lift the vail from the spotted leprosy of our
Republican rule. I will not sit here in silent ac-
quiescence of the disgraceful conduct of my own
State. I have 110 State pride in the action of our
legislative, judicial, and executive officers. Let
the supporters of Brinkerhoff, Sutliff, Dennison,
and their companions, take up the glove! If they
would call South Carolina to account, let them
first remove the beam from their own eye. They
never can, while spotted with moral treason and
guilty of deliberate nullification, make Ohio Dem-
ocrats the tools of their vengeance, never—never!
When they denounce the mad precipitancy of the
South, let them remove its cause! I know and
ponder what I say. You will have justice if you
will have patience and permit reconciliation; and
if you do not get it then, after a fair trial, you
will have immunity from northern attack.
Whatever the legal powers of the Federal Gov-
ernmentmay be,they derive all their efficiency from
the popular will. The Constitution gives the Gov-
ernment force to execute the law; but it is a force,
after all, which resides in the people, and which
they will withhold in an unjust cause. We have
no Army to execute the edict of Republican in-
justice. Our bayonets think. We have m the
West, beneath a sheathen roughness, a keen
saber ready to flash in defense of the Union to
which our people owe so much, and which is the
best beloved of their heart. And if no time be
left for conciliation; if you of the South desert
your friends and the Union to their fate; if you
