378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. R. No. 899) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army tor the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
REPORT OP SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. CORWIN. The select committee of thirty-
three, to which was referred a portion of the Pres-
ident's annual message, are ready now to report,
and I hope no one will make an objection to the
report being made. I wish now merely to make the
report, lay it upon the table, and let it be printed
and made a special order for some day, as early
as possible, that will not inconvenience the busi-
ness of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I would suggest to the gen-
tlemen from Ohio, that as we are to have three
days'general debate upon the army bill, he should
make his report a special order immediately after
the debate is ended, which will be Thursday next.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would remind the
House that to-morrow and Wednesday are set
aside for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. CORWIN. I will suggest, then, that this
' report be made the special order on Thursday
next, at one o'clock, and to continue from day to
day until disposed of.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask my
colleague whether he intends leaving this matter
open for amendment and discussion ?
Mr. CORWIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The fashion of this
House is to demand the previous question upon
everything, and for that reason 1 asked the ques-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. Is it not in order for the gen-
tleman from Ohio to move to suspend the rules
on his motion; which is that the committee be
allowed to make a report, thy t the report be print-
ed, and that its consideration shall be postponed
until Thursday next at one o'clock?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CORWIN. I make that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Idcmandtheyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. "TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the motion to adjourn, in order
that the House may make some order in relation
to the minority reports.
Mr, BlNCrl-IAM. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask that the House will al-
low the members of the minority of the commit-
tee to make their reports, and to have them printed
when made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] including the re-
ports of the minority.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio embrace the proposition of
making the reports the special order from day to
day, so that no business of any description can
supersede it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
understands it.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
by substituting "Monday next" for "Thurs-
day."
Mr. STOUT. There is a special order for next
Thursday.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
good reason for postponing ituntil nextMonday.
Mr. CORWIN. I will accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois.
The motion of Mr. Corwin, as modified, was
then agreed to.
Mr. CORWIN then submitted the report of
the majority; which, with the reports of the mi-
nority, were made the special order one week from
to-day, and from day to day until disposed of,
and oideied to be pimted.
STEXOliKAMIER TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the special committee of five, to wlncli
was referred the President's message, be authorized to em-
ploy a reporter to act as eiork of said committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by inserting the words, "at the usual
compensation."
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I accept the
amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer some res-
olutions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have the floor. I ask
unanimous consent, to introduce the following
resolutions:
Whereas alarming dissensions having arisen between the
northern and southern States, as to the rights to the com-
mon territory of the United States, it is eminently desira-
ble and proper that such dissensions should be settled by
■ the constitutional provisions which give equal justice to
alt sections, whereby to restore peace : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and I-Jouse of Representatives, That
the following articles be proposed and submitted as an
amendment to tho Constitution, which shall be valid as a
part of the Constitution, when ratified by conventions of
three fourths of the people of the States.
Fust. In ail the territories, now or hereafter acquired,
1101th of latitude 36® 40', slavery or involuntary servitude,
except punishment for crime, shall be prohibited; while
south ot that latitude it shall lemain; and in all tenitory
south of that latitude, slavery is hereby recognized as ex-
isting, and not to be mteifered with by Congress, but be
protected as property by all departments of the territorial
government dunng its continuancc as aTerntoiy. When
territory north or south of such line, within such bounda-
ries as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the population
necessaty tor a member ol Uongie^s, with a republican form
of government, it shall be admitted into the Union on an
equality with the original States, with or without slavery,
as the constitution of the State may prescribe.
Second. Congress bliall have no power to abolish slavery
in places undci its juiisdiction, or*in States permitting
slavery.
Thud. Congressman have no power to abolish slavery
in the DisMictof Columbia, while it exists in Vnginia or
Mai>Iand,ot either. Congress shall nevei, at any time,
prohibit the oflicei^of tlic Government, or membcts of Con-
grc-A, whose duties lequiie thi'iu to live in the Dis-Uietoi*
Columbia, frmn bunging slaves and holding them as such
I'ouitli. Congiess shall have no power to hinder the trans-
portation of slaves liom one State to another, whether by
land, navigable rivers, 01 sea.
Fifth. Congress shall have power by law to pay the owner
vviio fc-halJ apply the lull value of the fugitive slave m all
eases wlieie the marshal l.s prevented fiom dischaiging hib
duty, by force or rescue, made alter the arrest, in all *ueh
eases the United States bh.UJ have powei to sue the county
in which such violence or iomhic is made, and the county
shall have the right to sue the individuals who committed
the wiong in the same maimci as the owner could sue.
Sixth. No future amendments shall affect the preceding
articles, and Congiess shall never have power to interfere
with slavery in the States where it is now permitted.
If objection is made, I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to suspend the
rules will be entered.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is all I desire.
And then (at fifteen minutes to five o'clock,
p. in.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 15, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guiiley.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call the attention of the Senate to a portion of the
Journal. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iver-
son] yesterday made a motion, which is entered
upon the Journal as a motion that he be excused
from further service upon the Committee on
Claims. The Senator from Georgia afterwards
informed the Chair that his motion was that he
be excused from further service as chairman of
thatcommittee; and the Chair recollects that that
was the form in which the motion was put. He
expressed his willingness for the present to serve
as a member of the Committee on Chums, but
desired the Senate to relieve him from duty as
chaiitnan. If there be no objection, the Chair
will direct the alteration to bo made, so as to con-
form to the language of the motion.
No objection was made; and the Journal-, as
corrected, was approved.
MESSAGE JPROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 852) for the relief of certain Chip-
pewa, Ottowa, and Pottawatomie Indians;
A bill (No. 935) for the relief of Franklin Tor-
ry; and
A joint resolution (I?o. 57) for the benefit of
Duvall & Brothers.
BILLS BECOME LA"WS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed, on the 5th of Jan-
uary, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862; and
A bill (H. R. No. 43G) for the relief of Eliza
A. Merchant, widow of the late First Lieutenant
and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the
United States Army.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
yesterday ordered the printing of a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting information
in relation to Coston's telegraphic night signals,
and governors for marine steam engines—ordered
at twelve o'clock and eleven minutes.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I desire to
present the memorial of one hundred and twenty-
five citizens of Wilmington, in the State of Dela-
ware, without distinction of party, earnestly pray-
ing the Senate to pass the resolutions introduced by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] or resolutions embodying the same prin-
ciples, and expressing the belief that our constitu-
ents throughout the country will sanction these
proposals, and that they will have the effect of
allaying the present unhappy excitement.
Mr. President, I have no remarks now to make
in reference to those resolutions,except to express
my concurrence with them, and my regret that
they could not have been voted upon at an earlier
day. I fear they come now too late; but as they
would tend to allay cxcitcment, and I hope suc-
cessfully tend to that result, as they would tend
to the prevention of a dissolution of the Union,
or, if dissolved, to its restoiation; as they are
specific in their character and moderate in the
extent of what they require—embodying, in my
judgment, no more than the public sentiment of
the slaveholding States will demand, and the least
that it will demand, I shall necessarily vote for
the resolutions, f hnve forborne to take any part
in the debate on the various questions in relation
to the present state of the country, which has
occurred in the Senate up to this time, because
I did not believe that it would be possible here
for us to do anything which would be calculated
to either preserve or restore the Union. But, sir,
we can vote; and I do hope that, before this day
passes, at least we shall have some indication of
the determination of the Senate, and see whether
the principles embodied in the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky will command the vote
of a portion, if not of a majority, of the Republi-
can members of this body. It is right that the
people of the country should know something, at
least, as specific as is embodied in those resolu-
tions—something more specific than that which
fell from'the honorable Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward.]
Sir, I shall take occasion to trespass upon the
indulgence of the Senate next week for the pur-
pose of expressing at large my views on the
present distracted and unhappy condition of the
country; and also on the only remedies which I
suppose exist for the purpose of preventing what
is now imminent—a civil war between the dif-
ferent sections of the country. The exact day
I cannot at present indicate; but certainly some
day during the next week, when I shall hope to
interfere with no other gentleman who may
desire to speak. I have nothing to say now: I
desire to sny nothing, even in reference to these
resolutions, except to express my opinion of the
moderation of the demand, and of the necessity
of some specific action by Congress as indicating
the extent to which the opposing party mean to
go—indefinite propositions will riot answer—and
to express further my hope that we can vote on
these propositions; for, after all, debate only leads
