1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to crimination and recrimination; to various state-
ments which tend to inflame the public mind,
already quite sufficiently inflamed throughoutthe
whole country, so much so as to hazard the ex-
istence of our institutions. I hope that we shall
vote; and then, when we know by that vote what
the result must be, it will be time enough to dis-
cuss what course will have to be taken dependent
upon such a result.
The memorial was ordered to He on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of
Samuel F. B. Morse, the distinguished and illus-
trious inventor of the electro-magnetic telegraph,
praying Congress for the extension of one of the
two patents which constitute the title he holds for
his property in that great invention. These two
patents will expire at different times. He asks
an extension of the one that expires earliest, to the
date when the latest one will expire, in order that
he may protect that property more perfectly than
he would be able to do otherwise. The extension
which he asks of the one patent is five years and
three months. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD also presented four memorials
of citizens of New York, in relation to the present
disturbed condition of the country; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition of two
hundred citizens of Frederick county, Maryland,
praying the adoption of the compromise measures
proposed by Hon. J. J. Crittenden, in the Sen-
ate; which was ordered to He on the tabic.
Mr. LATHAM presented papers m relation to
the claim of Michael Cassin to certain moneys
deposited by his son, James Cassin, deceased, in
the United States branch mint at San Francisco,
California; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BIGLER presented six petitions of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; a petition of citi-
zens of Port Clinton, Pennsylvania;and a petition
of citizens of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania; sev-
erally praying the adoption of the compromise
measures proposed by Mr. Crittenden; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens-of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying that pensions may
be granted to the survivors of the war of 1812,
and to the widows of those who have died, or
may hereafter die; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN" presented the memorial of
the heirs and legal representatives of Latchlin
Durant, praying that an fict may be passed au-
thorizing the administrator to sell a tract of land;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of Neal Smith,
administrator of the estate of Latchlin Durant,
deceased, praying the passage of an act of Con-
gress authorizing him to sell a tract of land
granted to the said Durant by the treaty of Fort
Jackson; which was refened to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of Susan
E. Gordon, widow of George Fisher, deceased,
praying the adoption of such measures as may be
necessary to carry into execution the joint reso-
lution of June 1, 1860, " relating to the claim of
George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;" which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed a bill (S. No. 144) for the relief of Jere-
miah Pendergast, of the District of Columbia.
CHANGE OF TIIB NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 531) to change the name of the
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage; and I ask the consent of the Senate to
pass the bill now. It is meiely to change the
name of a vessel. It will not occupy a moment.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take up
a joint resolution introduced by me yesterday, to
change the name of a vessel. It is a mere matter
of form. There will be no objection to it, I sup-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The SenatorTrom
Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up the joint resolution (S. No. 57)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to per-
mit the owners of the steamboat John C. Fremont
to change the name to that of Horizon.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania if this is a sea-going
steamer ?
Mr. CAMERON. It is a steamer belonging to
the city of Pittsburg.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A river steamer?
Mr CAMERON. Yes, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. POWELL. I ask leave to present the pro-
ceedings of the union Democratic State conven-
tion of Kentucky, held at Louisville, on the 8th
of January, recommending the adoption of the
resolutions proposed by iny colleague. I move
that they lie on the table.
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest objection,
myself, to the reception of those proceedings. I
do not know the character of them; but questions
of this sort have been before the Senate several
times before, and, if I am not mistaken, the uni-
form practice of the Senate has been, not to re-
ceive reports or proceedings of meetings of this
sort, unless they were expressly directed to the
Senate. The question has neen raised here a great
many times, and I think that has been the uni-
form action of the Senate, and, in my judgment,
we had better adhere to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
raise objection to the reception of the proceedings?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Then let me state my objection
distinctly. I do not know anything about the
resolutions. 1 do not mean any discourtesy to
the resolutions, or to the meeting, or to the
Senator who presented them; but I want to pre-
serve the uniform practice of the Senate which,
as I have understood it, ever since I have had
the honor of being a member of the body, has
been, not to receive reports of meetings of this
character, unless they were expressly directed to
the Senate, or to Congress.'
Mr. POWELL. These resolutions express
devotion and attachment to the Union; they pro-
test against coercion; they recommend the adop-
tion of the resolutions proposed as amendments
to the Constitution by my colleague; and I re-
ceived a letter from the secretary of the meeting
requesting me to present them to the Senate fol-
ks consideration. I do not think there will be
any impropriety in receiving the resolutions,and
allowing them to lie on the table. I hope it will
be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
receive the resolutions offered by thcSenator from
Kentucky?
Mr. POWELL. I look upon them as being ad-
dressed to the Senate. I received an official letter
from the officers of the meeting requesting me to
present them to the Senate; and I hope my friend
from New Hampshire will withdraw Ins objec-
tion. 1 think they come within his own rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the reception of the resolutions; and they were
not leceived.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up a resolution
submitted by me yesterday, concerning the Wash-
ington aqueduct, for the purpose of acting on i(.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair at this
hour must call the attention of the Senate to the
special order for half past twelve o'clock, unless
some motion be made to postpone it. The special
order for this hour is the joint resolution (S. No.
54) proposing certain amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, introduced by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. By urging these reso-
lutions as the business for to-day, I did not pro-
pose myself to address the Senate on the subject.
I wish to save the time of the Senate as much as
possible. I intended, if I might be allowed to do
so, to close any debate that might arise on the
resolutions; ana I yield the floor therefore to any
gentleman who desires to discuss them.
Mr. CLARK. I gave notice the other day that
I would move to amend the resolutions. 1 now
move to do so, by striking out all after the pre-
amble and the word " resolved," in the first res-
olution, and inserting the following:
That the provisions of the Constitution are ample for
the preservation of the Union, and -the protection nf all
the material interests of the country; that it needs to be
obeyed rather than amended; and that an extrication from
our present dangers is to be looked for in strenuous efforts to *
preserve the peace, protect the public property^ and en-
force the laws, rather than in new guarantees for peculiar
interests, compromises for particular difficulties, or con-
cessions to unreasonable demands.
Resolved, That all attempts to dissolvethe present Union,
or overthrow or abandon the present Constitution, with the
hope or expectation of constructing a new one, are danger- .
oui, illusory, and destructive; that, in the opinion of the
Senate of the United States, no such reconstruction is
practicable; and, therefore, to the maintenance of the ex- ■
isting Union and Constitution should be directed all the ■ j
energies of all the departments of the Government, and • "
the efforts of all good citizens.
Mr. GREEN. With a part of that amendment
I coincide, and with the remainder of it I totally
disagree. Taking it as it comes, as a substitute,
I shall vote against it, and I will very briefly give
the reasons why. That the present Constitution,
in its provisions, is good enough for the whole
Union, I think every one will readily admit; and
to that extent, I coincide with the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, with reference to the order of
business and the particular question before the
Senate, that inasmuch as the resolutions offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire are pro-
posed as a substitute for the original resolutions,
both the original resolutions and the substitute are
open to perfection by way of amendment or mod-
ification, before the question shall be taken upon
substitution. There is an amendment pending to
the original resolutions, which will be read.
Mr. GREEN. It is not necessary to read it
1 understand the question before the Senate per-
fectly; and I have a right to speak to anything
pending before the Senate. The original resolu-
tion can be perfected,and then the substitute can
be perfected, and then the vote taken as to the
choice between them; but whatever matter is law-
fully pending before the Senate, I have a right to
speak to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hopes the Senator from Missouri did not under-
stand the Chay- as intimating that he was not in
perfect order. The Chair only thought it proper
to state the precise question as it stands before the
Senate; and that when vote comes to be taken, the
firstquestion must be on the amendment proposed
to the original resolutions, before the question on
substitution can be taken.
Mr. GREEN. I was just remarking that I con-
sidered the present Constitution of the United
States good enough, ample m all its provisions,
if enforced and adhered to m good faith; and if
there is a spirit in the people, north or south, in
the center or in the circumference—fixed, determ-
inate,unchanging—no t to observe the present Con-
stitution, a thousand amendments will not make
it more effective. I shall vole for the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky, not because I have
any faith in good results, save one bare possibil-
ity ; and that is, to hold the people still long enough
for them to reflect, and see whether there can be
a reaction in public sentiment; for, if there can
be no reaction in public sentiment, all his amend-
ments will not be worth a straw.
Ours is a peculiar Government. It has not that
strong military arm to enforce the Constitution
which the Government of Bngland has. It rests
upon the consent and the good feeling of the peo-
ple; and when that consent is withdrawn, and that
good feeling is destroyed, a thousand constitutional
provisions will amount to nothing whatever; and
