380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
it is useless for us to talk about doing anything
except this: hold the country still long enough to
let the people reflect. If what is now considered
to be the prevailing spirit of the North, in its de-
clared hostility to the South, is to be permanent
and enduring, we had better separate this day in
peace. If it is not permanent and enduring, then
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky
comes in well as a means to check action long
enough to give time for that reaction in the senti-
ment of the North. We are reduced to that ex-
tremity. The proposition that a State shall pay
for a runaway slave, if rescued by a mob, is very
good; but suppose the State refuses: then what?
Sue and get judgment: then what? You take ex-
ecution. 0" what do you levy ? You never can
collect it without the consent of the State; and if
that consent is withdrawn, and the disposition to
adhere to the principles of the Constitution is de-
stroyed, it will never be effective; and so with all
the other provisions, every one of them. There
is, therefore, but one single possible benefit that
can in any degree result from any of these prop-
ositions; and that is, we may hold the country
still long enough to give the people an opportu-
nity to reflect.
It is useless to discuss the latter branch of the
proposition of the Senator from New Hampshire,
denying the right of a State to secede. I hold that
the States have the right; but it is useless to dis-
cuss it; and all of the opposition to it seems to
have grown out of a misconception of the real
character of our federative Government. Tins
is not a Government as a unit. As was well ex-
pressed by one of the greatest statesmen that this
country has over produced, or I fear ever will
produce, it is not a unit, but it is a multitude of
units. Each State is a unit, and the whole Union
is a multiplication of units. Wherever there is
a single concentrated unit as a Government, no
branch of that unit can fly off at a tangent, and
if it undertakes to do so, it is rebellion; and the
whole of the misconception growing out of this
question results from the fact of not considering
the character of tins united Government. Each
State is an entirety; each State is a unit. Then
there is an association of these entireties and these
unities, forming what we call the United States of
America. An individual cannot secede from a
State or from the Federal Government, because
he has not that unity of sovereignty; a county
cannot secede from a State or from the Federal
Government, because it has not that unity of sov-
ereignty; but wherever you find that unity of
sovereignty, and it came in by consent, it can go
out by consent. And here I wish to make one
other explanation. The original thirteen States
firstformed the Constitution and formed theUnion.
It has been specially provided, whenever any
other additional State has come into the Union,
that it should come in 011 an equal footing with
the original thirteen. If, therefore, we can under-
stand the status of the thirteen, we understand the
exact position of the whole, for they are all alike.
Now, you will observe there is no agreement be-
tween South Carolina and the Union. The Union
did notexist; but South Carolina and others made
the Union, and there is no agreement between it
and the Union. As was well expressed by Mr.
Webster, it is not a compact between a State and
the Federal Government, because all the States
made the Federal Government, and they could
not make an agreement and create a compact with
a thing that had no existence. What, then, isit?
Certain propositions are presented to the several
States; each one exercises its own volition in
coming in or staying out. Itcomesin. By whose
action? Not the action of the Federal Govern-
ment, for it did not exist; not the action of the
other States, because each acted for itself. How,
then, does it go out? It goes out just as it came
in, on its own volition. Perhaps it will be said
it is a violation of good faith. Well, cases might
arise in which it would be a violation of good
faith. There are many cases in which a State
withdrawing from a confederation of States would
violate good faith; but where is the tribunal to
pass sentence upon them, and where is the power
to enforce an execution against them? The only
tribunal is the enlightened judgmentof mankind;
the only power of execution is the frowns of the
community in the United States and in the world;
that is all.
There is no military power that can punish a
State for doing what she ought hot to have done
if she had the power to do it. The right must
not be confounded with the principle. In other
words, a State having come in in good faith—no
wrong having been done, perfect concord and
perfect harmony prevailing—if she goes out she
does wrong. The degree of injury that will jus-
tify her before the enlightened judgment of the
world is a question for her to consider. She must
take the responsibility of determining a question
like that. She formed 110 agreement with the
Union; she formed no agreement with any State;
but when a plan of organization was presented,
and the opportunity was given to all to come in
on their own volition, she came in; and she can
go out on the same volition with which she came
into the Union. If States go out without justi-
fiable cause, they will be condemned by the judg-
ment of the world; but even if condemned in a
case like that, that is the only punishment. There
is no power in the Federal Government to pun-
ish them. There is no power in a sister State to
punish them. They are a sovereign unity. This
association of thirty-three States which existed
a few months ago (twenty-nine, 1 believe, still
remain) is not one associated mass constituting a
unity, but it is a collection of units; twenty-nine
remaining yet. If individuals, while a State is
in the Union, violate the law, they are amenable
to the law, and ought to be punished under the
law. If a State secedes, in the exercise of that
sovereign power which she never transferred,
there is no power to punish a State; it is a State
action, and not individual action.
Now, Mr. President, it has been so clearly and
so fully illustrated by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pucii,] that I deem it unnecessary to enlarge
upon this point, to wit: that 111 inquiring whether
a State may have the power to secede or not, we
are not to see whether that power is expressly
reserved in the Constitution, but to see whether
that original power lias over been transferred and
conveyed away. It certainly was an original
power pertaining to the sovereignty of that unity.
That original powei pertaining to that unity is
not to be found as having been transferred 111 the
Constitution by any law; and if not, it exists.
But one point further. I do not deem it neces-
sary, indeed I think it entirely unnecessary, to
go into the subject as to whether the North lias
oppressed the "South; as to whether they have
afforded asylums for fugitive slaves; as to whether
they have passed personal liberty bills; for these
are small and unimportant matters, compared with
the additional fact that by means of societies
formed in the North, not known to the law, not
recognized by the State governments in which
they exist, hundreds and thousands, nine tenths
of all the fugitive slaves are spirited away, con-
veyed in secrecy, locked up in the mallear of the
railroad, not seen by the public, and are never
returned. Now those personal liberty bills are
only 111 vogue,and your habeas corpus actisonly
called in requisition, when one has been arrested.
Nine tenths of those that escape are never arrested;
and the reason they are not mrested is, you can-
not enforce the law; and you cannot enforce the
law because the state of public sentiment is such
as to forbid it. That brings me back to the point
where I commenced. You may pass bills of pains
and penalties; you may pass amendments to the
Constitution; you may pass all that is suggested
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] and
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and it
all amounts to nothing at last, unless you can get
a public sentiment there, capable of enforcing and
protecting your rights, as guarantied by these
several provisions. It is true, there is one other
last resort, and that is physical power; and if
there comes a separation between these sections—
an unfortunate one, but one which now seems to
be a fixed fact—physical power will then be
brought into requisition. Each will be jealous of
the other; each will be determined to protect its
own rights as far as possible; and each will hold
itself in readiness to do so; and hence, from the
line of Maryland to the line of Kansas, you will
see military preparation on both sides. Yet, let
it be remembered, 110 invasion has ever been made
from the South on the North, nor will there ever be
in the future, unless it be to retaliate foraprevious
invasion from the other side. Peace is the motto
of the South; constitutional rightis the plea of the
South; and if we get these we shall be content.
The present Constitution, as the honorable Sena-
tor from New' Hampshire said, is good enough if
itcan be carried out; and I therefore think, to some
extent, with him, that we had better be devising
ways and means to carry out the existing Con-
stitution, than to be patching up amendments
which, if the present state of public opinion con-
tinues, will amount exactly to nothing.
That is the view that I have taken of this sub-
ject. It strikes me as palpable. There is an
uneasiness in the public mind now, in regard to
the danger of a war between sections of this Union;
there is serious apprehension entertained; and if
we possibly could quiet that, it would be good to
that extent. Laying propositions, by consent of
Congress, before the people to take their sense at
the ballot-box, might have a tendency to quiet
that apprehension, and hence might do some good
by delaying action long enough to let the people
reflect. I know well that it is as utterly impossi-
ble to live in peace with the present state of pub-
lic sentiment, as it would be with the Navajoe
Indians; not because they are not civilized, out
because they are influenced by a degree of fanat-
icism that cannot be checked. And those who
have raised the storm are unable to control it;
for I remember having read once, I think from
Moore, these words:
" Fanatic faith once wedded fast
To some false object, hugs it to tlie last."
And I have no hope until we can check them up,
and make them see the consequences likely to
ensue. I would insult no Senator in this body;
and yet I have been unable to bring out a single
response from a single Senator on the other side
that he would discharge his bounden duty, under
the Constitution and the law, to assist in enforc-
ing the fugitive slave act. This is a reflex of tho
sentiment of the people at home. These are rep-
resentative men. These control, guide, and cre-
ate the sentiment at home. While this is the case,
what have we to hope for? While this is to be
continued, what instrumentality has been invoked
to change the sentiment of the North? None in
this body; none in the pulpit; none in the school-
room; none in the nursery-room; none m tract
circulating. What, then, is to (ffect thatchango?
Without that change, I tell you this moment and
this hour, I am for immediate secession, whether
my State is or not. I am willing to give you an
opportunity to efFectthat change. 1 am sorry to
separate from some noble spirits who have clus-
tered around and sustained us in days and years
past; but still, my friends, you must bear with us
when self-preservation prompts us to the deed.
Not a single instrumentality has been brought to
bear to effect that change; not a speech has been
made in this body by any of those gentlemen calcu-
lated to operate on the northern mind, and say to
them," you have done wrong; you must retrace
your steps; and you must observe the existing,
present Constitution." Without some of these
instrumentalities, do you think it will possibly take
place? It is utterly impossible. This is a forlorn
hope; and yet, if you think giving a few days'
timetoreflectupon this matter will have the effect,
I will do it; but if it will not have that effect, it
is a work of folly. It is prompted by a noble
spirit. It has been introduced from the highest
feelings of patriotism. I commend the spirit of
the man that movi d it, and the motive that in-
fluenced him; but I have very little confidence,
and I have that little confidence for the simple
reason I have stated.
Now, what is to be done? To make inflamma-
tory speeches here to go abroad over the land, one
side in favor of the South, and the other holding up
the hands of the North, saying, " stand firm, and
while you are too weak to pray, we will hold
your hands towards Heaven —is that to bo the
spirit that will actuate us here? And if it is, what
good can result from it? I have believed for
some time, and I now give utterance to that belief,
that the only possible hope is to separate in peace
and let the States interchange propositions for a
reunion. All will not come back, and a portion
of them I hope never will, if they entertain their
present sentiments; but the glorious Northwest,
and the center here, I hope, with the South, will
cluster together once more under bonds strong
as steel, insuring prosperity and happiness and
strength never equaled'on the face of the globe.
Can it not be done?
