1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
INDIANA AND ILLINOIS LAND FUND.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania, before that is taken up—as it will
take some time—to allow me 
Mr. PUGH. I have a pending proposition,
which was displaced by the question of privi-
lege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ohio
will hear me, I think he will consent to what I
ask.
Mr. PUGH. Why do you not consent to what
I ask?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Your resolution is not
before the Senate. I will state that the bill from
the House of Representatives, which allows to
the States of Indiana and Illinois the two per cent,
land fund, has been slightly amended by the Ju-
diciary Committee, and that it must go back to
the House of Representatives for that amendment
to be concurred in. It can be acted on by the
Senate in one minute.
Mr. BIGLER. I will not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, and it is the first request I have
made to take up a bill this session.
Mr. PUGH. 1 withdraw my objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 103)
authorizing the payment of the two per centum
land fund to which the States of Illinois and In-
diana are entitled for road purposes, to said States.
It provides that the per centum of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, for all sales
thereof sincc the 25th day of May, 1839, in the
States of Illinois and Indiana, reserved by certain
acts of Congress authorizing the people of those
States to form State constitutions and govern-
ments, to be expended and disbursed under the
direction of Congress for road purposes, shall be
relinquished to those States respectively.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was to add, at the end of the bill, this
proviso:
Provided. That whenever, on auditing any claim of a
State against the United States, a balance is found due to
the State, the Secretary ot the Treasury be, and is hereby,
aulhou/ed and directed to set off any sum or amount due
from the said Stale to the United States, oi any department
theieof. whether held in trust or otherwise; and if held in
trust,to cause the amount so setoff to be paid to the credit
of the trust lund on the books of the Tieasury Depaitment.
Mr. GREEN. This bill is all wrong. Ohio
and Indiana and Illinois have received more than
their two per cent, fund in the construction of
roads, and the roads have been ceded to the States.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. GREEN". I am willing to let the vote be
taken; but I want first to state a fact. I had to
beg hard to get the two per cent, fund paid Mis-
souri, when Missouri never had one stone laid,
nor one single acre of land granted for the con-
struction of roads. These other States have re-
ceived millions and millions upon millions beyond
the two per cent. I think it is wrong to give
them more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One word in reply to the
Senator from Missouri. We get nothing under
this bill, if Ins statement be correct, for it is only
the two per cent, fund that is to be paid. The
amount is to be audited, and if the Senator be
correct, we shall get nothing under it. The Sen-
ator. however, is mistaken. I do not want to
take up time; but we do not get a dollar by the
bill if we have already received our share of the
fund.
Mr. POLK. I was about to aek the question,
whether what is claimed is not the balance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all. If there is
no balance, we do not get anything.
Mr. GREEN. The difference is this: the ex-
penditure was made under a certain state of cir-
cumstances, and now the account is to bt stated
under a different state of circumstances; so that
they will get what they were never entitled to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is a subjectof m ore
consequence than seems to be supposed. It is the
very same claim which has been urged time after
time- 
Mr. TRUMBULL. And passed for Missouri
lust year.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It ought never to be
passed. If it was passed for Missouri, last year,
it was passed without my attention being called
to the subject at all. It was debated by Benton
and Clay,'here, and the most unanswerable facts
and arguments adduced to show that they were
entitled to nothing; that, at their own instance,
that and much more had been laid out by this
Government in making the great national road.
I do not remember the passage of the bill for Mis-
souri; but, if I had noticed it, I should have pro-
duced evidence which I%am sure would have sat-
isfied the Senate that neither of them is entitled
to a cent. They have been paid all this, and more
than paid it in that great improvement.
Mr. GREEN. If the other was wrong, this is
still more wrong. Now, I want to see how the
Senator from Kentucky will vote.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is no doubt about
how I vote. When 1 say a thing is wrong, you
may know my vote, of course.
Mr. BAYARD. It is best that the Senate
should be apprised of what will he the probable
amount voted under the present bill. It is esti-
mated that the balance of the two per cent, fund
due to the State of Indiana is about $55,619, and
to Illinois, §222,523. Under the provisions of this
bill) Indiana will be subject to reduction of about
twenty thousand dollars for arrears of intereston
her bonds held in trust for Indians. That is the
statement I have from the Department.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The accounting officers
cannot charge her upon the general laws passed
at her instance and for her benefit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
failed to announce, in consequence of this bill
being before the Senate by unanimous consent, as
it was his duty to have done, the special order for
half past twelve o'clock, being the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 70) proposing certain amendmentsto
the Constitution of the United States.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. Before that is taken up, I de-
sire to state that the House of Representatives
have disagreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the Indian appropriation bill, have
further insisted on their amendments, and ask for
a new conference. I move that the Senate assent
to tiiat request.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill (II. It. No. 8G5) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling tieaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribe«, for the year ending June 30,186*2; and upon its
disagreement to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives toother amendments of the Senate to said bill;
and that the Senate agree to the further conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing vote^ of the two Houses
thereon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee on
the part of the Senate; and Mr. Pugh, Mr. Nich-
olson, and Mr. Doulittle, were appointed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 39; for the relief of Simon De
Yisser and Jose Viilarubia, of New Orleans; and
An act (S. No. 77) for the relief of Richard
Chenery.
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 200) to pro-
vide for the completion of the military road from
Fort Union to Santa Fe, and from Taos to Santa
Fe, New Mexico, disagreed to by the House.
Oil motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it" amendments
to tbe v;ud bill, disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and agree Jo the conference asked by the House on
the disagieemg votes ot the uvo Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. RICE, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the committee on the
part of the Senate; and Mr. Rice, Mr. Kunntidy,
and Mr. Wilson, yere appointed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of Mary
Ann Henry;
A bill (H. R. No. 42f>) for the relief of John
Y. Sewell;
A bill (H. R. No. 461) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Charles Appleton;
A bill (H. R. No. 666) for the relief of William
Sutton; and
A bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Jane Yates.
BILLS BECOME LAWS-
The message farther announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 28th of February, the following bills:
An act (H. R. No. 909) for the relief of Thomas
Crittenden: and
An act (H. R. No. D99) to amend " An act sup-
plementary to an act approved March 3, 1855, to
organize an institutionfortheinsaneoftheArmy
and Navy, and of the Districtof Columbia, in the
said District," approved February 7, 1857.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 1st instant, the following bills:
Anact (H.R. No. 576) for the relief of Messrs.
Coale & Barr;
An act(H. R.No 655) for the relief of Prentis
Champlain;
An act (H. R. No. 981) to confirm a cestain
private land claim in New Mexico; and
An act (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of Green-
bury M. Watkins, of Montgomery county, Mary-
land.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, this day, an act (H. R. No. 338) to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That two additional members be appointed on
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, and that they be appointed
by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Pow-
ell and Mr. Morrill.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 895) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 895)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1862, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
895) making appropriations tor sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year endlngJune 30, 1862, having met,
after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede lrom their amendments numbered
four, nine, twelve, eighteen, twenty-iour, and forty-two.
That tin* House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate'^ amendments, numbeied eight, eleven, thirteen,
fourteen, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-eight, twenty-
nine, thirty-one, thirty-Uvo. Unity-three, thhty-four, thirty-
six, thirtv-eight, and tlurty-iune.
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to the Senate's twenty-seventh amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
House amendment to the tlurty-filth amendment of the
Senate, and concur in said amendment of the House with
the following amendment: In the twelfth, instead of the
fourth line of said Senate amendment, strike out the word
" directed," and inseit " authorized."
That the Hou*e recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's first amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: Strike out of line three of said
amendment the word '• fifty," and insert "thirty."
That the IJonso lecede from their disagreement to the
Senate's second amendment, and agree to the same with
iollowing amendment: In line three ot said amendment,
stnke out u thirty," and insert >' ten."
That the House recede iiom their disagreement to the
Senate's thiid amendment, and agree to the same with the
followin" amendment: In line two of said amendment
stake out " forty," and insert " twenty-fiv<'."
That the House recede hom their disagreement to the
Senate's twentieth amendment, and agreG to the same with
the following amendment: In hue one of said amend-
ment, after the words "Provided that," strike out the
words " the proviso in."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's forty-first amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: Strike out all of said amend-
ment after the word " enacted," and insert the following:
41 That all purchases and contracts for supplies or services
in any of the departments of the Government, except for
personal services when the public exigencies do not require
the immediate delivery of the ai tide or articles, or peuorm-
