1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot,)
The Senator from Missouri will suspend his re-
marks. The Senate assigned as a special order
for one o'clock this day, the Pacific railroad bill;
and the Chair is required, under the rules of the
Senate, to call that up for consideration; and under
the rules of the Senate, it takes precedence of and
supersedes all other business; but it is open to
postponement or such disposition as a majority
of the Senate shall see fit to make. The Pacific
railroad bill is now the subject before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to postpone
that special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the consider-
ation of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. GWIN. I should not like to interrupt
the Senator from Missouri in the midst of a
speech.
Mr. GREEN. I have no speech to make at
all. It is merely talking on this proposition.
Mr. GWIN. Very well; then I hope the
Pacific railroad bill will not be postponed.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Brigh , Cling-
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Green, Hemphill, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Ma~on, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk,
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, and Slidell—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer,* Dixon, Doohttle, Durkoe, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster. Games, Gwin, Hale. Harlan, King,
Latham, St-vard, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—97.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.!
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H R. No.
701) to secure contracts, and make provision for
the safe,certain, and more speedy transportation,
by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of war,
military and naval stores, between the Atlantic
States and those of the Pacific, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment will be read. It recurs to the Chair,
however, that the motion pending at the adjourn-
ment upon this bill was the motion of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] to postpone
the bill indefinitely; and that motion takes prece-
dence of all others now pending.
Mr. LATHAM. The yeas and nays were
called on that motion ;and that was pending when
the Senate adjourned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the yeas and nays were ordered
upon that motion.
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the indefinite postponement of the bill,
and or^that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Clingman,
Crittenden, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Mason, Pearce,
Rice, Saulbbury, and Slidell—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon. Doohttle, Doug-
las, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Fos-tur,Green,Grimes,
Gwin, Hale, Hailan, Hemphill. Johnson ol Tennessee,
Kennedy, King,Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—38.
So the Senate refused to postpone the bill in-
definitely.
Mr. RICE. I believe the next question is on
the motion of my colleague to commit the bill to
a select committee. Mr. President, when I was
up the other day, I said that I had no objections
to make to the details of the bill. I meant that I
had no remarks then to make upon the details.
As it seems to be the determination of the Senate
to act upon the bill now, either to go on and pass
it, or to commit it, 1 take this occasion to say
that 1 am in favor of committing it to a special
committee, as proposed by my colieague.
On examination of the bill, 1 find that there are
many defects in it, some of which I think the
friends of the bili themselves would like to cor-
rect. Some have been alluded to. I shall only
allude to one or two others. The bill proposes
to give the odd sections of the land upon the route,
one mile in width on each side, to the company.
The rea4 will pass through a very large extent of
Indian country, in which the title to the land has
not been extinguished. It will pass through the
Pike's Peak settlemen t; and should it pass through
the center of that settlement, it will deprive thou-
sands of the pioneers there of their homes. It is
true, the bill says "unoccupied lands;" but ac-
cording to the laws, no land within the Indian
country can be lawfully occupied; hence that pro-
vision amounts to nothing. In its present shape
it will deprive thousands of honest settlers, who
have made roads and have built up an empire of
their own in the wilderness, after all the hardship
and suffering they have endured, of every thing
theyhave. I think an amendment should bemade
in regard to that. X am sure the friends of the bill
must have overlooked that very important point.
I dislike, also, another provision in this bill,
which says that the rails and all the iron work
shall be of American manufacture. That is noth-
ing but the protective tariff. I think the tariff
question is of such vital importance that it should
be brought before the Senate by itself, and not be
thus mixed up with provisions of a bill like this.
There is another slight omission, I think, in the
bill. It says the rails shall " be of good quality
and size." Now, who is to judge of the quality
and size? Why, sir, you cannot find a State in
the Union that will charter a railroad without
specifying the size of the rails and the number of
founds to the yard; but here, while you are
throwing away $100,000,000, you are leaving it
to a few irresponsible men to say how much the
rails shall weigh to the yard, and of what quality
they shall be. Nor is there anything said here m
regard to the gauge of the road. There is not,
probably, a road within the limits of the United
States, the gauge of which is not specified in its
charter.
Here is another clause that strikes me as a little
singular. Itisinthethirdsection. It provides that
the roads shall carry " all the mails, troops, sea-
men, Governmentstores," &c., "until the whole
amount of money and accruing interest advanced
by the United States to said corporation or cor-
porators shall be reimbursed by services so ren-
dered." These $100,000,000 of bonds to be issued
must be redeemed by the United States in thirty
years; the United States must provide the in-
terest; and yet the corporation or corporators
have until the angel Gabriel shall blow his horn
to refund the money to the United States, if they
please. No time is specified. There is nothing
binding upon them whatever. They can take a
thousand years if they like, provided we cannot
get it out in service. Why, sir, we all know that
the service the road will render will not pay the
interest upon the bonds.
The bill provides that, for a certain distance,
$12,000 a mile shall be paid, and then goes «n
increasing the amount to be paid per mile until it
reaches the enormous sum of $46,000. Why,
Mr. President, a railroad can be constructed and
put into operation from the head of Lake Superior
to the Rocky Mountains for$]5,000amile. These
corporators are to receive from twelve to forty-six
thousand dollars a mile for just so much of the
road as they see fit to build. They can commence
on the east and build it to the mountains, over a
country that needs little or no grading and no
heavy bridging; and when they get to the mount-
ains they can stop, put the money in their pock-
ets, and say they have concluded not to build the
road any further. They can likewise commence
on the west and run to the mountains, and receive
from twelve to forty-six thousand dollars a mile;
and when they come to where the work will be
costly they can throw it up. There is not a word,
not a clause in the bill to hind them to do any-
thing whatever. They get everything and grant
nothing. I do think that Senators should con-
sider well a measure of so much importance; and
even the friends of the two routes should weigh
the provisions of the bill well before casting their
votes.
Here is another clause which is very modestly
put in a little proviso:
u Provided, That .*$2,000,000 in like bonds shall be added
to the gross fcuni for every year's reduction of the lime ol'
completing the work, payable as the bonds before named.''
By other provisions of the bill they have fifteen
years in which to complete the road. We all
know that this road, if it is to be worth anything
to the corporators, if it is ever to pay anything,
must be completed within eight or ten years; be-
cause, until the road shall be finished, it will be
comparatively of little value; and* if it takes
fifteen years to complete it, the portions first com-
menced will have rotted and become worthless by
that time. If it be built at all, the corporators will
probably complete it in seven or eight years; thus
adding the modest little sum of fourteen or fifteen
million more to the enormous sum already pro-
vided for the road.
Mr. BRAGG. That applies to both roads; for
all the provisions as to the one are extended to tha
other.
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir; and therefore this little
proviso would make only a small difference of
twenty-eight or thirty million dollars to the Uni-
ted States. Sir, any business man must see, from
the very face of the bill, that it is most crudely
and imperfectly drawn." What should first be
done is to extinguish the Indian title, survey the
lands, and offer facilities to the emigrant to go and
settle on the line of the road, in order to protect it
when itshall be built. Suppose thelndiansrefuse to
sell the lands; suppose the road should be extended
into their country, which would be contrary to
law: what would be the result? Or suppose the
road were built, and we should have a war with
the Indians: what then? Why, sir, half a dozen
women could pull up the rails for a sufficient dis-
tance to prevent the cars from running over; and
after they had passed over one section, they could
go back and pull them up behind. What relief
would you have against this? There, perhaps,
would be your troops without provisions, with-
out supplies, and without any means of getting
them, and starvation must inevitably be the result.
I do not know that it is necessary, or that it
would be of any sort of use, to point out any other
defects in the bill. The manner in which it was
forced through the House of Representatives, the
votes which have been taken here, and the haste
which has attended the whole thing, show it to
be a foregone conclusion. Then,again,ourfriends
on this side—that is, the opponents of the bill—
have so many of them left us, that we are in fact
thrown into the camp of the enemy.
Whether these few remarks will have any effect
or not, I do not know; but if this bill shall become
a law, but a few years will elapse before they will
be referred to by thinking men.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I wish briefly to
give my reasons for urging the passage of the
House bill, without amendment, and to answer
some of the objections that have been urged by
Senators against it.
The amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
which was adopted, seemed rather a small one
for which to jeopardize so important a bill. Mis-
souri gets, under the bill as it is, say—by way of
numerical illustration—$1,000,000, but thinks she"
ought to have #1,000,010: ought she to jeopard-
ize the $1,000,000, in order to get these ten, espe-
cially When the terminus may be made in the
bill further north, if Missouri gives it no support?
The objection to the bill urged by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] that ltdoes notse-
cure proper connections with other roads, is an-
swered by the fact that charters have to be granted
by the States and Territories through which the
road will have to pass, and it cannot be doubted
that proper provisions to this end will be made
in these laws.
The objections of like general character to the
omissions of other details in the bill may be an-
swered in the same way. This bill merely states
what the United States are willing to do, leaving
details to the States and Territories, that must
look to them all.
The principal objection seems to be to the nam-
ing of fifty-three persons, and their associates, aa
the beneficiaries. Such bills are very usual in
the States. There are two general classes of acts
of incorporation. One names persons, as com-
missioners or trustees, to open books of subscrip-
tion, and to superintend the organization of the
companies. The other class, like this bill, names
certain persons, and their associates, (which means
the persons named, and such others as the ma-
jority may invite to join them,) as the corpora-
tors. Hundreds of such acts of incorporation of
the latter class, by the States, can easily be pro-
duced. I have in my hand a list of one-hundred
and twelve of such acts, and I could run it up to
a thousand. They are not much less numerous
than the other class.
