1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
aneeoftiae service,shall be made byadvertisingasufficient
time previously for proposals respecting the same. When
immediate delivery or performance is required by the pub-
lic exigency, the articles or service required may be pro-
cured by open purchase or contract at the places and in the
manner in Which such articles are usually bought and sold,
or such services engaged between individuals. No con-
tract or puichase shall hereafter be made, unless the same
be authorized by law or be under an appropriation adequate
to its fulfillment, except in the War and Navy Departments,
for clothing, subsistence, forage, fuel, quarters, or trans-
portation, which, however, shall not exceed the necessi-
ties of the current year. And the third section of the act
entitled i An act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861,' shall be, and the same
ie hereby, repealed.5'
J. a. pearce,
W. P. fessendEn,
II. M. RICE,
Managcrsonthe part of the Senate.
h. winter davis,
JOHN s. MILLSON,
j. humphrey,
Managers on the -part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PEARCE. I will make any explanation
•as to these amendments that may be desired; or,
perhaps, I had better procecd to state briefly the
effect of the report.
Tt'he Senate recede from the amendment appro-
priating $45,000 for a steam vessel in the place of
the steamer Walker, lost by collision at sea—that
was under the head of the coast survey. The Sen-
ate recede also from the appropriation of $10,000
to complete the inclosing of Judiciary square, and
leveling and grading; from the twelfth amend-
ment, for extending the stone and brick wall
already forming part of the exterior wall of a por-
tion of the hospital grounds; and from the amend-
ment increasing the appropriation for surveying
the public lands and private land claims in Cali-
fornia from $20,000 to $30,000, so as to leave it at
the amount appropriated by the House of Rep-
resentatives, §20,000. We agree to recede,also,
from the item providing for payment to the Ex-
change Company at Baltimore for extra work on
the post office; and also from the amendment di-
recting the Secretary of the Navy to ascertain the
sum due to Gilbert &, Secor.
The House recede from their disagreement
to the eighth amendment of the Senate, for the
repairs of the Potomac, navy-yard, and upper
bridges; also, from their disagreement to the elev-
enth amendment, in relation to repairs and certain
outbuildings, &c., provided for the hospital for
the insane; also, from their disagreement to the
amendment relating to drawings to illustrate the
report of the Commissioner of Patents for the
year 1861; also, from their disagreement to the
amendment made in the item appropriating for the
collection of agricultural statistics;also,from their
disagreement to the appropriation for incidental
and contingent expenses, including wastage, at
the Mint in Philadelphia; also, from their disagree-
ment to the appropriation for incidental and con-
tingent expenses, including wastage, at the mint
at San Francisco; also, from their disagreement
to the amendment appropriating $16,000 to pay
for labor and materials furnished for the Post
Office extension. They agree, also, to the appro-
priation of $250,000 for the Capitol extension;
also, to the amendment providing for the compen-
sation of the superintendent of Indian affairs,
and three additional agents, in Washington Ter-
ritory, for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June
next; and also, for the compensation of the super-
intendent of Indian affairs, and three additional
agents, in Washington Territory, for the next
fiscal year. They agree, also, to the amendment
for the payment of balances due contractors for
building custom-houses at a few places in Maine,
Belfast and Ellsworth; also, to the amendment in
regard to sewerage at the Brooklyn navy-yard;
also, to the amendment appropriating $80,000 for
the payment of materials deliveied for the exten-
sion of the Treasury building, and tho appropri-
ation of $250,000 for continuing the work on that
building; also, to the amendment relating to the
holding of a district court at Mankato, in Minne-
sota; also, the amendment providing for refund-
ing to Michael Casstn the value of certain gold
dust deposited with the mint at San Francisco.
^ The House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, which appro-
priates £250,000 for the survey of the Atlantic and
Gulf coasts of the United States, with an amend-
ment which reduces it by the amount of $20,000.
The House recede also from the disagreement to
the amendment for the survey of the western
coast, with an amendment reducing that $20,000;
and al so from the amendment for the survey of the
Florida reefs and keys, with an amendment re-
ducing that $15,000. The House recede also from
their disagreement to the twentieth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment which strikes out the words " proviso in."
This relates to the land office in Washington Ter-
ritory. The House also recede from their disa-
greement to the 27th amendment, for the suppres-
sion of the slave trade, with an amendment which
limits the salaries of attorneys and marshals.
They also recede from their disagreement to the
amendment in relation to the Superintendent of
Public Printing, with an amendment striking out
the word " directed"and inserting " authorized."
They also recede from their disagreement to the
forty-first amendment, and agree to the same with
an amendmentwhich strilces out all after the word.
" enacted," and inserts a substitute.
\^The report was concurred in.
report of tub peace conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch.)
The special order is the joint resolution (S. No.
70) proposing certain amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The Sen-
ator from Oregon is entitled to the*floor.
Mr. LANE. Mr President, 1 hope I shall be
permitted to proceed without interruption, and 1
trust not to consume much time. While I had
the floor yesterday, I stated some of my objec-
tions to the proposed amendments to the Consti-
tution which are now before us. They are: that
they do not do justice to the whole country—that
they do not do justice to all the States. I have
always held that the territory is common prop-
erty; that it belongs to all the States; that every
citizen of every State has an equal right to emi-
grate to, and settle in, the common Territories; and
that any species of property, recognized as such
in any State of the Confederacy, should have a
like recognition in the Territories, and be guaran-
tied, protected, and secured in its full integrity,
to the owner thereof. That this should be so,
was the intent of the revolutionary fathers who
shaped and framed the Constitution; and it was
this principle, more, perhaps, than any other,
which called into being that noble compact, which
has so long been a bond of Union and goodness
between all the States. It is the very life-blood
and vitality of the Constitution. It is the ligament
that has held us together heretofore, and which,
if cut now, will result only in hopeless and im-
mutable disruption. I have never deviated a sin-
gle iota from this correct doctrine. Had we lived
up to this equitable principle—thu foundation upon
which the Constitution rests, upon which only
this Union can be maintained—we should have
had no trouble in this country to-day. It is not
my fault that trouble and dissatisfaction prevail;
it is not my fault that secession has taken place,
and that further secession will take place, unless
Congress shall recognize this great principle of
justice, of right, and of equality. That is the doc-
trine upon which this Union rests; and it must be
maintained, or the connection will be severed.
While upon this question, Mr. President, I
may be permitted to allude to my course in the
Senate last session, and I shall do so very briefly.
Upon a series of resolutions introduced by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Dams]—a series
of resolutions that were considered in this body,
| after having been previously maturely and dehb-
j eratcly adopted by a caucus composed of the Dem-
i oeratxe Senators, and agreed upon by them, as
! setting forth the principles necessary to be main-
j tamed in order to secure the existence and perpe-
! tuity of this Confederacy. It has been charged
| upon this floor that, on the 25th day of May last, I
voted against the right of protection to slave prop-
erty in the Territories In order that the Senate
may know how I voted, and that I may show you
and every other man that I stood then as I stand
to-day, and as I have always stood upon this
question, 1 will read some short extracts from the
discussion upon this series of resolutions. The
fourth resolution was in these words:
" Resolved, That neither Congress, nor a Territorial Le-
gislatute, whether by direct legislation or legislation of an
indirect and unfriendly nature, possess the power to annul
or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the Uni-
ted states to take his slave property into the common Ter-
litories, but U the duty of the Federal Government there
to afford for that, as for other species of property, the need-
ful protection ; and if experience should at any time prove
that the judiciary does not possess power to insure adequate
protection, it will then become the duty of Congiess to
supply such deficiency."
Now mark, this resolution states that all the
property of all the people of any State, whether
slave or otherwise, has an equal right to protec-
tion; and if experience should at any time prove
that the courts had not the power to afford that
protection, then it was the duty of Congress to
enact such laws as were necessary to protect every
man in his legal and rightful property, no matter
of what description or characteristic. Sir, not
long since, upon this floor, a Senator was hardy
enough to say that I voted against protecting
property in Territories; and he desired to know
what had happened that States should be con-
cerned ; what had occurrcd to alarm the States that
were seceding from the Union ? I will show you,
sir, very briefly what I said upon that question
then; and I will repeat it now, for I have never
changed my sentiments on this subject. No liv-
ing man can assert, and in so doing tell the truth,
that I ever uttered a word against the equality of
the States, and their equal right in the common
Territory of our common country; and any charge
that I voted then to refuse protection to property
in the territory is false. I have always held that
the territory belonged to all; that it was acquired,
as ] knew, at the expense of the southern States
as well as of the northern; and upon the battle-
field where I had witnessed the good conduct of
northern and southern troops, I found the soldier
from the southern States pouring out his blood
as freely, and certainly in very much larger quan-
tity—for there were very many more from the
southern States who participated in the battles of
our country in the war which resulted in the ac-
quisition of territory, than there were from the
northern States. Then, so far as the acquisition
is concerned, it is joint, and it was for the joint
benefit of all portions of the country. Conse-
quently, 1 have held, and I hold now, that the Ter-
ritories should be so appropriated. And when
those resolutions were up last winter, I said what
I will now read:
" I only desire to say, in relation to the series of resolu-
tions, a portion of winch I have already voted in favor of,
that I shall vote in favor of the rest; for the whole of them
together meet with my hearty approbation. They assert
the tiuth ; they assert the great punciple that the c nstitu-
tional lights of the States ure equal ; that the States have
equal m'lit* in this countiv under the Constitution ; and,
as I understand it, they must be maintained in that equal-
ity. These resolutions only assert that principle; and I say
that it is a mWottune to the country, in my opinion, that
the principles laid down in these resolutions had not been
asserted soonei. They ought to have been asserted by the
Demociatic paity in plain English ten years ago. If they
had hot n, you would have had no trouble in this country
to-day ; the Demociatic party would have been united and
strong, and the equality and constitutional rights of the
States would have been maintained in the Territory, and
in all other thing-; squattei sovereignty would not have
been heard of, and to-day we should be united. It is. the
fault of the Democratic paity m dodging truth, in dorig
ing principle, in dodging the Constitution itself, that has
brought the trouble upon the country and the party that is
expeiienced to-day."
I believe, if we had asserted and maintained
these great truths ten years ago, and placed our-
selves upon them boldly, as it was our duty to
have done, we would have no trouble in this
country to-day; but instead of declaring the great
truths enunciated in these resolutions, we went
off upon issues un becoming the Democratic party.
A portion of our leaders wandered and went
astray, and asserted that the people of a Territory
had the right to^rohibit slavery whenever,in their
judgment, it ought to be prohibited; a power
which Congress even does not possess, and conse-
quently cannot confer upon a Territorial Legisla-
ture, unless the creature becomes greater than the
creator. It was this kind of trouble, and this sort of
heresy introduced into the Democratic party, that
have broken it up, and hrought the disasters upon
our country which we experience to-day. I say,
then, let the blame fall upon the guilty; I am in-
nocent of it; for I have held but one doctrine upon
this question from the beginning to the present
hour, and I shall hold that doctrine to the end.
In the speech from which I have already read, I
also used the following language:
" Sir, it appeals to me to ho very singular indeed, that
any man can hold that the tenitory of this country belong*
to a portion of the people, and that the people of one poi-
tion of the Union can go there and enjoy their property,
when the people of another portiou cannot enjoy the right
of property in that territory—territory common to the whole
