384:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
any material amendment, or, indeed, any at all,
although I am told that the northern route pro-
posed will benefit the immediate people whom I
represent, very greatly. While I do so, I know
that I shall be misapprehended—I will not say
misrepresented—at home. I know the argument
will bear upon me as heavily as it can bear upon
any gentleman upon this side of the Chamber
who may vote as 1 do, that 1 am not voting for
the immediate interests of my constituents by
bringing the road near their homes, and through
their farms. I must meet that as I may.
I desire to say here, now, and to give itas much
publicity as I can, just this: having lived for ten
years upon the Pacific coast, where our whole
hopes have been directed toward some road, I
see, at last, a prospect of accomplishing that re-
sult by this bill. I have observed, with great
care, the struggle in the other House; and I have
seen that, by an overwhelming vote, the propo-
sition for a northern route has been there defeated.
I am sure—and I take the advice of all the ori-
ginal friends of the bill around me—that to incor-
porate any amendment in the bill now, will defeat
it for this session, and possibly forever. In that
condition, quite alive to the interests of my con-
stituents, quite sure that my conduct may be the
subject of misapprehension or misrepresentation,
quite sure that all that strong feeling of locality
for our State, our road, may be brought to bear
upon me in future, yet risking my justification
upon the great idea that I believe 1 am doing the
best I can to promote the connection between the
Atlantic and the Pacific now, I shall vote for these
roads; and if, hereafter, here or elsewhere, my
vote may ever be brought in question, I have but
this to say: no man who can observe the condi-
tion in which this bill is to-da^ in the Senate, can
do otherwise than know—anul say with empha-
sis, know—that unless we do, within a very few
days, pass the measure substantially as it is, we
cannot pass it at this session, and we risk it for-
ever. Hereafter, whether here or at home, I
shall say this in my defense, and make no other.
The bill, in my judgment, is far from perfect.
As an original bill, I think—as I have said, I be-
lieve, before—there ought to be but one road, one
great highway of nations and of empires; not for
one country, nor for one Government, nor for
one day, nor for one generation, but for all the
world, and all the advancing generations who
may partake of its benefits and its blessings. But
in an age of compromises, and in a Government
of compromises, I find that we have, after ten
years, accommodated ourselves to each other's
opinion; so that now, with two roads, we may
pass a bill; may get it through this body, and it
may receive the sanction of the President of the
United States. Shall I, can I, dare I, risk this
measure, to which the hopes, the prayers, the
aspirations, of so many thousands, and hundreds
of thousands, distant very far from here, have
been directed so long? Can I, shall l,darel,
defeat it? And with all humility, without offer-
ing my own example for other people to follow
at all, I hope I may say to my friends on this
side of the Chamber: Gentlemen, if the road docs
not suit you in its locality; if you want one more
or one less, let mo beseech you, unless you see
that probably you can do something else better,
take this now, lest indeed we lose all.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the question
pending before us is, I think, on the motion of
the Senator from Minnesota, to refer the bill to a
special committee. I ho'pe the Senator will with-
draw that motion, and that the Senate will go on
and perfect the bill as near as wo possibly can.
If it needs amendments—and I am sure it does—
or would be improved by some small amend-
ments, 1 think they may be safely adopted here,
and will be adopted in the other House. If ma-
terial amendments, amendments of great import-
ance , are proposed, they defeat the bill altogether;
and therefore I concur with the remarks made by
the Senator from Oregon.
Sir, I am very sorry that every time this ques-
tion comes up, or any question of great practical
importance here, the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] should take the floor and pour out his mis-
representations and abuse of the Republican par-
ty. I regret it. I say that that Senator 
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will say to him now that I never misrepresent
anybody. I speak of them just as I understand
their principles exactly; and it is not his place to
charge me with misrepresenting anything.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, I am
sorry that the Senator does not understand us
better. If ho did understand us better, 1 think
he would not speak of us as he does. I do not
say that the Senator's head has been turned by
the result of the election through which we have
passed, but I fear the Senator's heart ha,s been
changed; for no Senator, since Congress opened,
has so habitually, when upon the floor, used lan-
guage here that is calculated to wound the feelings
of Senators, or to misrepresent them before the
country.
Mr. LANE. I desire to say, Mr. President,
if the Senator will allow me, that it has been my
purpose to speak the truth, and nothing but the
truth; and I have never intentionally misrepre-
sented anybody. I will say further to the Sena-
tor, that I have held the same doctrines always,
that I have held since the election; that my heart
has not changed a particle. It has been devoted
to this country, to all of it; and to every State of
this Union, und to .the rights of every State, and
shall be. It never has changed on that subject.
I intend to deal justly and rightly by every por-
tion of the country, and call things by the names
that I think the language used by the leaders jus-
tifies me in doing; and I beg him not to charge me
with misrepresenting. He may charge me with
a mistake; but I never misrepresent.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, I hope
it is nothing more than a mistake; but I advise
that Senator, if he does desire to do justice; if he
does desire to stand by the rights of all sections
of this country, and to do justice to all political
organizations and public men, to study more care-
fully the position of the men he speaks of so freely
upon this floor. lie tells us that this is no time
to act on this question. He seems to think that
we have not a country. I tell that Senator, to-
day, we have a Government of the United States
of America, and we have a United States. I see
nothing in all that has transpired in any portion
of this country, and I see nothing in what it is
proposed to do in any portion of the country, that
prevents us having a Government of the United
States, and being the Republic of the United
States.
Now, sir, I am for this bill. I have always
been for a Pacific railroad; for a great central route
across the continent. I am willing to go for a
southern route as a local route, or for a northern
route; and I should like to go for both. And to-
day, as we cannot have a central route without a
southern route, if I could have my way—if I could
amend this bill—I would change it. I would re-
duce the $60,000,000 proposed to bo advanced
on-the central route to $50,000,000; extend the
one mile reservation on each side of the road to
six miles, thus increasing the land grant; I would
reduce the amount on the southern route from
$36,000,000 to $30,000,000, and have the road
come out on the Pacific ocean at San Diego; and
then I would give $30,000,000 to a northern route
to go from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, That
would add some fourteen million dollars to the
amount of the present bill; and I would vote for
it that way. But I must say that I think the time
has come when we should pass some sort of a
Pacific railroad hill; and therefore I shall have to
stand with those' who are the most deeply inter-
ested; for we all know that the Senators who rep-
resent the Pacific coast here perhaps are more
deeply interested than we are upon the Atlantic,
and I am willing to follow their lead in this mat-
ter.
Now, in regard to so much of this bill as com-
mits the enterprise to certain gentlemen named in
it, there may be persons named who ought not
to be there. I think there are some; but they will
be found to be few m number, and of no signifi-
cance. No great harm can come of it. There
are certain names in the country identified with
the railroad interests of this country—railway
kings, I may call them—men of great power in
the construction, organization, and running of
railways, whose names ought to bo in the "bill;
but I think I can say that most of those mentioned
in the bill are gentlemen of intelligence, of per-
sonal character, of individual honor; men of large
experience, men of capacity, men who will search
out in all sections of this country other gentlemen j
of character and capacity to be united with them I
in this movement; and names which are now left
out of this bill will be sought for and brought
into this work. m
Sir, this is no small matter. It will take the
united energies of all the men in this country who
are interested ill the construction of this road to
carry it through. But it is objected here that we
have no security in regard to the payment of the
interest or principal of the bonds which are to be
advanced. For myself, I intend to vote for this
bill with the fullest -.onviction that the annual in-
terest, and the bonds themselves, must ultimately
be paid by the United States. I regard it as a
very small amount, if a hundred million or a
hundred and fifty million dollars can unite the
Atlantic with the Pacific coast, and develop the
vast interests of this country in the central re-
gions of the continent. And, sir, I think if we
can have this encouragement, if the §96,000,000
proposed to be advanced by this bill can com-
plete these two railroads, I should consider it a
cheap way of getting them, even if every dollar
of the money should afterwards be lost to the
Government. I do not believe that gentlemen
who invest capital in these roads are to make
money. If the roads were finished to-day, and
put in good order, I do not think they would be
very profitable. Our experience all over the coun-
try shows that they would not. But, sir, I have
the deepest convictions that it is of importance to
commence this work, and that we ought to have
commenced it eight or ten years ago. We have
not done so. We have waited until this hour;
and now the House of Representatives has passed
this bill. It was reported at the last session of
Congress; reported by a large committee, a com-
mittee of intelligence, sought out and selected for
this special purpose. It is not so perfect as I
could wish it; but it is here: it is before us; and
I hope we shall cling to it until we perfect it, and
pass it through the Senate of the United States.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I do not
propose to prolong the discussion; but as I intend
to vote for the motion proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] I wish to
give the reasons that influence my vote. I trust
tlmt I am as sensibly alive to the importance of
the measure under consideration as any other
gentleman on this floor. I believe that this is a
measure of vast importance, not only to the coun-
try and to the Union, but to mankind. I am in
favor of a Pacific railroad, and I am in favor of
the Governmentextending itsaid in the construc-
tion of such a road; but, sir, 1 am not in favor of
three roads, as is proposed by the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Minnesota [Mr. Rice]
to the House bill; nor yet am I in favor of two
roads, as is proposed by the House bill. I am,
as I said before, in favor of a Pacific railroad, but
I am not in favor of three roads; nor yet of two
roads with double terminations to each of, those
roads; and, in one ease,as$>roposcd by the House
bill,double terminations some two hundred miles
in length; and, with respect to the southern route,
double terminations extending tluoughout the
State of Texas, four, five, or six hundred miles
perhaps, and double terminations, or, what is
tantamount to that, centering at San Francisco, in
California, forming a connected chain of railroad
almost the entire length of that State.
I am in favor of one road, to begin Somewhere
near the point indicated by the amendment which
was proposed by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Polk,] and which was carried in the Senate, run-
ning as nearly on a direct line as possible to the
eity of San Francisco, and there to end. "I do
not think that we should, in our anxiety and
desire to get a railroad, construct two or three
beside it in order to effect that end. I do not
think we should pledge the revenues of the Gov-
ernment to the amount of nearly one hundred
million dollars, besides acres of lands to an equal
amount, for the purpose of securing one object;
and if two or three roads are constructed, in my
humble judgment, it will not only require untold
millions to construct them, but to keep them in
running order.
I am unwilling, standing here as a trustee,
having some small part to enact in the disposal
of the public moneys, to act differently from the
mode in which I would act as an individual dis-
posing of my own funds. I say to the friends of
this measure, if a great highway cannot be con-
structed from the valley of the Mississippi to
