1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Jefferson is here quoted to show that the Con-
federation has a power to enforce its articles on
delinquent States. But the citation is unfortunate
for the Senator from Tennessee. H« had just
previously asserted thatVermontand other States
had, by personal liberty bills, violated the Consti-
tution. Well; can he tell us how Virginia and
South Carolina cbuld enforce the Constitution on
Vermont in that respect? It cannot be done.
What follows? Why, as Mr. Webster said at
Capon Springs, " a compact broken by one party
is broken as to all." Hence, according to the doc-
trines of Jefferson and Webster as to the actual
case which, accord ing to the Senator, has occurred,
the compact having been broken, the southern
States have a right to retire—are absolved from
further obligations under the constitutional com-
pact.
Again: at page 9 of his pamphlet, the Senator
from Tennessee asserts the identity of the seces-
sion of a State with the whisky insurrection in
Pennsylvania. My God! Mr. President, what
can I say to a man that likens the secession of a
State to the whisky insurrection? What argu-
ment can you make that would reach such a Sen-
ator as this? How can you approach his intel-
lect? How can you get at his understanding?
A Senator upon your floor likens the solemn
action, the sovereign action of a State in her
sovereign capacity, to the whisky insurrection
that occurred in Pennsylvania in Washington's
time; an insurrection againstthe laws of the State
when it was attempted to collect revenue. The
Governor called on General Washington, then
President of the United States, for aid in suppress-
ing the insurrection and enforcing the laws; and
the Senator likens that to the action of a State in
her sovereign capacity, withdrawing from the
Union, meeting in convention and dissolving her
connection with her former confederates. Having
done this, having passed an ordinance of seces-
sion, her delegates go home; no Governor calls
upon the President for aid to put down the insur-
rection or rebellion, for rebellion or insurrection
there were none. It was not insurrection; it was
not rebellion; it was the solemn act of sovereign
States in their sovereign capacities; and the Senator
gets up and likens their action to the whisky insur-
rection in Pennsylvania! He tells us that he
thinks one ou^ht to be' put down as well as the
other; but he does not call this coercion; it is only
the execution of tiie laws. Ail the powers of the
Government, he holds, must be used in enforcing
the laws; the laws must be enforced whether the
State has seceded or not; whether she is in the
Union or out of the Union. Well, sir, I am not
inclined to argue with a Senator confessedly in-
capable of discriminatingbetween an insurrection
in a State and the secession of a State. I will
merely add, parenthetically, that if the newallies
of the gentleman from Tennessee had, as good
citizens in the previous past, been obedient to the
laws instead of having openly violated them, there
would now be no necessity of their enforcement
by war and extermination against men loyal and
brave as ever existed.
He then goes on to assert that the case of South
Carolina nullification was identical in principle
with the whisky insurrection; and as the first was
quelled by General Washington, by a display
of military force, so the latter was by General
Jackson.
Now, sir, I will tell you what I think. When-
ever it takes a man six weeks to study, and two
days to disgorge, he never has a correct idea of
what he has been cogitating. He fails to compre-
hend tiie simplest problem.
South Carolina passed an ordinance to nullify
the tariff laws on and after a certain day. Did
Genera! Jackson undertake to enforce those laws
on or after that day ? No; he approved and signed
a bill passed by Congress before that day arrived,
repealing those laws and adopting the very princi-
ples of revenue contended for by South Carolina.
So that, as there was no resemblance m the cases,
there was none in the adjustment. The State pre-
vailed. Coercion may have been contemplated by j
General Jackson at first, but his opinions after- j
ward underwent a radical change. Every man 1
who is well acquainted with the history of the
country knows that he never would have struck
a blow; he never would have fired a gun. His
heart had relented after he had made his procla-
mation. He had approved the law,and then sent
a .commission, as we all know, to South Caro-
lina, to use all possible means to avert bloodshed.
If the question had to be decided by the bayonet,
he never would have used it, in my judgment.
Still denying that he is for coercion, the Senator
proceeds to assert that what South Carolina has
done is treason; and treason, we know, is punish-
able with death. And yet he proposes to make
us believe that to inflict death on a people is not
coercing them.
As to the argument founded on the purchase of
Louisiana, Florida, California, and the cession of
the ground on which tlje Federal forts stand—that
secession cannot be resorted to as applicable to
them—the simple answer is, that the right of se-
cession being fundamental and paramount, all
those Territories and sites of forts have been ac-
quired subject to that right, and must abide by it.
And in buying,acquiring, orannexing Territories
or people, it must always be done subject to the
first principles of our Government, for they are
more precious than even the golden sands of Cal-
ifornia, or the sugar islands of the West Indies.
But the Senator does nut avoid the difficulties
he refers to by denying the right of secession, for
they would all result, and with tenfold aggrava-
tion, from his principle of the right of revolution.
For, as that is a right involving force, each party
would, of course, seek foreign alliances, and that
would bring the armies and navies of Europe to
our shores. Is that the grand result of his policy,
which he says is not coercion, but only the exe-
cution of the laws? Why, the policy of the Sen-
ator does not rise one degree abtfve that of the
most servile and barbarous Government. The
execution of the laws, as he proposes, is only the
collection of tribute by force from a conquered
people. That is the Turkish system.
I might say here, Mr. President—for there are
gentlemen now on this floor that know it as well
as myself—I have seen this policy of collecting
tribute carried out on the Pacific coast. I hap-
pened once to be present when a great Indian
tribe came and demanded the tribute it had re-
ceived annually from the Umpqua people. I saw
the process of collection. The chief went all over
the country. He divided his bands and sent them
to every village and forced them to pay the amount
of tribute that he desired; and when they failed
to pay it, he carried the delinquents away, and
reduced them to slavery. J witnessed that myself.
The idea of the Senator collecting tribute or taxes
or revenue from the States that have seceded from
this Union is not one iota above the barbarous
policy of the Clickitats.
Such is the grand result at which a Senator of
the United States from a southern State has ar-
rived,backed by the anti-slavery umversal-equal-
ity peace-loving and super-enlightened Repub-
lican organization!
Waiving, now, Mr. President, the references
made by the Senator to the extravagant and in-
temperate expressions of a very few persons in
the seceding States, and to which I might oppose
those of a multitude of presses and distinguished
men in the North, I come to meet his demand to
learn the wrongs inflicted on the South. He, him-
self, admits that the Constitution has been tram-
pled under foot by many of the northern States.
Is not that enough? No, he says; he will ap-
proach them in a proper manner and request them
to abstain. Well, sir, have they not been re-
quested and urged for more than ten years to ab-
stain? How hav.e these requests been treated?
They have been met by further outrages. What
new process of request, of persuasion, of entreaty,
has the Senator discovered that is to stay the tor-
rein and turn back the tide? Is he so profound,
so conciliatory, so mighty a master of magic, as
to be able to say to the advancing flood of fanati-
cism, "Thus far and no further shalt thou come;
and here shall thy proud waves be stayed?" He
has been in public life for several years. What
has been his success in this undertaking? Why,
the thing has been continually getting worse; and
j are we to infer, from his failures thus far, that he
' is to lead us to future success and safety ?
i I have had the honor of knowing the honorable
Senator for ten years, and I have never known
him to try to do anything but to give away the
public lands, and he has not even succeeded in
doing that. I recollect the impression lie made
on my mind when I first heard him advocate the
so-called homestead bill. He will pardon me for
mentioning it with all respect. I was then a Del-
egate. It was on a hot summer day, in the House
of Representatives, and there was the distinguished
Senator, with his sleeves rolled up,delivering: him-
self of a flaming and characteristic speech. " Land
for the landless and homes for the homeless" was
then his cry. The Senator has not succeeded in
giving away all the public iands; neither has he
been fortunate in staying this torrent of fanati-
cism that has been rolling over the country, and
I am afraid he cannot. 1 am willing to give him
the balance of his life to work in, and 1 hope he
may succeed in rolling it back. I hope he will
have better success than he has had in depriving
tire country of its public lands, and giving them
awayto those that donotdeserve them. "Land
for the landless, and homes for the homeless!" has
been his constant cry.
But while, in one part of his speech, he dis-
tinctly charges on the North a trampling of the
Constitution under foot, in another part, turning
to the South,he exclaims: " Why should we go
outof the Union; haveweanvthingtofearr What
arc we alarmed about?" What, sir! a people
like the South, numerically inferior to their asso-
ciate section in the same Government, have noth-
ing to fear from trampling on the Constitution,
the only defense in that Government fora minor-
ity against the majority!
But let us be more specific. Let us answer the
oft-repeated question as to what the South com-
plains of, and what she fears.
She complains, then:
1. That, having §4,000,000,000 of property in
slaves, and $4,000,006,000 more of real and per-
sonal property connected with it, the right to that
property, and the protection thereof, are denied
by the party that now, under the forms of the
Constitution, elaims the control of the common
Government.
2. That having an immense interest in the com-
mon territory of the Union, not only as to its
market value, but as to the ri^ht of occupation
and settlement, that party now claiming the Gov-
ernment has distinctly pronounced for its confis-
cation, unless the southern emigration shall re-
nounce their own institutions, and adopt those of
the North—and this with the avowed design and
inevitable effect of overthrowing, gradually, the
entire system of southern property, prosperity,
and civilization.
3. That the plainest stipulations of the Consti-
tution for the restitution of slave property have
been practically set at naught by the action of
State Legislatures, and a perverted public senti-
ment in the free States.
4. That, while anti-slavery new States arc form-
ing rapidly to be admitted into this Union, Slates
like their own are to be excluded altogether here-
after; and they hold that if such States as theirs
have no right to be admitted among us, there
would be no honor nor safety in their remaining
any longer.
5. That, in consequence of the intense and fa-
natical hostility that prevails in the North against
their institutions, many zealots from that region,
abusing the freedom of intercourse which the
present Union affords, have been, and are now,
going among them to stir up insurrection, thus
destroying their property, and endangering the
safety of their homes, their families, and their
firesides.
And in this place—having shown to the Sena-
tor from Tennessee what are the complaints of
the South—it is proper to refer to an article of the
treaty for the cession to us of Louisiana, which
the Senator cites to prove that, somehow or other,
the people of that State have less right than
those of the original States. I have already an-
swered that argument. But this very third article
which he quotes, while it does not avail him,
shows specifically that the people of Louisiana
had a special treaty right, besides the constitu-
tional one, to go with their property into the Ter-
ritories;the right now denied by the Chicago plat-
form. The article says:
"The inhabitant* of tiie ceded territory shall be incor-
porated into the Union of the United States, and admitted
as soon a-; po^-iitk , according to the principle- of the 1-Yd-
eial Con-ination, to ihe enjoyment of the righto, advan-
tage*, an ! immunities ofemzen-. of the United States ; and,
in the mean time, they ..-haH !><; maintained and protected
in the tree enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the
religion they proless."
Now, before Arkansas was admitted, her peo-
