386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the provisions of the act. Therefore, the moit-
gage is narrowed down, not as a first mortgage
on the whole road to secure the Government for
the whole amount of its advancements, but sim-
ply to secure the Government according to the
terms of the act, and in that particular way; and
if the sum to be paid by the Government for trans-
portation docs not amount to the interest on the
$96,000,000,and to the principal, the Government
never will be reimbursed,and never can be reim-
bursed.
Now, I ask any gentleman on the other side to
make an estimate of the cost of transporting the
mails at the highest price paid to any railroad for
service once daily—§230 a mile—and see whether
it will pay more than three or four hundred thou-
sand dollars a year. Besides, as the country is
settled up, if it is ever settled up, the Government
will not want this immense amount of transporta-
tion. I presume that the Senator from California
supposes that, in time to come, they will make
sufficient supplies on the Pacific coast for all the
military force that it will be ncccssary to keep
there. So of the intermediate line; and whenever
that is the case, of course the Government has
nothing to pay for transportation, because the
transportation is not needed; and so of the mails.
So, sir, for all those reasons, I entirely agree
with the Senator from Massachusetts; I think he
is right; that we must regard this bill, although
it is intended to be covered up in this way, as
purely an appropriation of so much money on the
part of the (government to build this road as a
great highway and thoroughfare for the country.
That is it. Covered up, mystified in all this ver-
biage, that is really and intentionally the object
of the act; and gentlemen may disguise it as they
will, cover it up as they will, that is the real pur-
pose, the real design, of the whole act; and it is
never expected, in fact, or, if it is expected, itisa
delusion operating on gentlemen, that the Gov-
ernment will ever be reimbursed at all, orthatthe
interest of this money will ever be paid. 1 do not
believe one word of it.
Mr. GWiN. With the Senator*s permission,
I will just make one statement m regard to that.
I gave it as a matter of opinion that this stock
would he profitable, and that the Government
would be repaid. This will be a mortgage that
will be cleared off if the profits will enable it to
be. But I will say to the Senator that, so far as
I am concerned—for I do not cover up anything
—I would vote for this bill if a dollar never was
to be returned to the Treasury, and think it the
best investment that could be made. I would
cover up nothing. I wtfuld vote $100,000,000
to-morrow to make a Pacific railroad, if, in my
judgment, it was necessary.
Mi*. BRAGG. So, sir, i supposed the Senator
would; and in using that phrase, I did not intend
at all to impeach the Senator's conduct here in
the slightest degree. I had no reference to him.
I supposed the bill was not framed by him; and
without imputing anything to him, I hope I may
be allowed here to argue and show, if 1 can, that
that is the effect of the hill, without impeaching
him or anybody else. 1 disclaim anything of that
kind. If such was the import of my language',
I can assure the honorable Senator that it was
not my purpose to say or to insinuate anything
of the kind here.
That being necessarily the effect of the bill, if
a delay result from putting on this amendment,
is that a consideration that ought to be weighed r
I have already shown, 1 think, in point of fact,
that there can be no delay; that the persons
named in the bill have the right to do all that
they could do before these acts of incorporation
are obtained. Now, why ought we not to have
the acts of incorporation submitted to us? If this
Government had the power, would it bo pretended
that we ought to make these donations without
having a proper bill before us: And why do we
not do it now? Because it is thought that we
cannot incorporate these gentlemen m the States
and Territories; and that, necessarily, we must
refer thorn to the States and Tenitoiies to obtain
those corporate acts which are necessary to carry
out the purpose of the bill. That is it; simply
because it is a want of power on the part of this
Government. It is a want of power, it is true;
but we can require, we can make it a condition
precedent to the vesting of the bounty of this
Government in these corporations, that the cor-
porate acts shall first be submitted to us, to ena-
ble us to sec whether they are right and proper
in themselves. That is all. Is there anything
wrong in that ?
One Senator tells me it will produco delay.
Another Senator says the Government will be
amply secured, because the whole thing is to go
before the Attorney General. The Senator from
California says he does no't want any amendment,
that he is for a Pacific railroad, he is for this bill
and no other; or rather he is for any bill,and he
is afraid to amend this bill because, perchance, it
puts in jeopardy the passage of the bill. Is that
a sufficient reason? Is that a reason why we
should abdicate onrpowcrhcrccntirely? I protest
against it. Whenever I or any other gentleman
offers an amendment here, he is held up as an
enemy of the bill, and his purpose is said to be to
defeat it. That was said the other day.
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator allow mo a
moment?
Mr. BRAGG. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. We desire, when we consider
these arguments, to know—and I think it is proper
and respectful that we should know—if the gen-
tlemen who offer them will vote for the bill at last,
if we put in their amendments. Will the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina himself?
Mr. BRAGG. I will answer the Senator from
Oregon with great pleasure. I do not see that
there is the least pertinency in the question he
asks, and I think 1 have answered it already.
Mr. BAKER. I did not hear.
Mr. BRAGG. I have answoreditsubstantially;
but I have yet to learn that the test of an amend-
ment heie is whether a Senator, after his amend-
ment is adopted, will vote for a particular meas-
ure, When, how, or with what propriety is that
the test? 1 am free to say to the Senator that I
do not think I can vote for the bill at all; but is
that a reason why I should not undei take to per-
fect the bill? Does that afford sufficient reason
to the Senate why they should not perfect the bill,
if errors and imperfections arc pointed out? And
here I, and others, on every amendment that, is
offered, are met with that objection; "Will you
vote for the bill? you are an enemy of the bill,
and theiefoio we will keep you at a distance."
Sir, 1 protest against any such test as that.
I say then, Mr. President, that without regard
to the protection of the Government or the pay-
ment of this money, which the Senator from
Massachusetts says never will be paid, and which
he never expects to be paid, and which 1 think no
man can have a reasonable hope ever will ho
paid; but with regard to the great interest of the
country, I think this amendment should be put
on the bill. The Senate is now legislating evi-
dently for a great public highway—a commercial
highway—across the continent, and great public
interests are at stake. Here we are undertaking
to put into the hands of a certain set of gentle-
men, and such associates as they may select,
sueh powers as they may bo able to obtain from
the States and Territories through which the road
passes. Who knows what powers they may
obtain? They may obtain banking powers. There
is no limit to the existence of the cotporalions
by this act. They may be perpetuities; they may
exist forever; and with one immense monopoly,
connecting itself with other lines across the coun-
try, m my humble opinion—and I say it with all
earnestness and seriousness, and with full belief—
such a corporation or corporations together would
wield an influence in this country that no other
associated body, not excepting even the old Uni-
ted States bank, ever did or could wield. Yet we
are to be told that we are not to see these acts.
Why, says the Senator from California, no doubt
i the States and Territories will put proper guards
upon those acts of incorporation. Have they
done it before? No doubt money and influence,
m a majority of instances, will obtain diicctly
the opposite sort of provisions in these acts of
incorporation. I say money and influence, in this
day of ours, will obtain any kind of acts, fiom a
great many of the Legislatures that we have in
! some of our Territories and our States.
Mr. GWIN. Not in our region.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator soys not in his
region. I do not know that they are any better
than we are on this side of the continent. I do
not know that they have given any evidence that
they aie better or more honest than we are; and
yet we hear of such things every day on this side
of the continent; and J suppose,'benring so much
about it, and seeing so much about it every day,
that there is some truth in what I do see and hear,
for the newspapers arc filled with it, that by lobby
influences, money, and influence of one kind or
other, schemes are carried through, and after they
are carried through, and it is too late to defeat
them, we find that it was altogether wrong, alto-
gether improper, that any such powers should
have been delegated to any set of men.
But the Senator says he is willing to trust them.
Yes, sir; he is willing to trust anybody or any set
of people if they will give him a railroad to the
Pacific ocean, built at the expense of everybody
else than his own constituents. That is it. 1 think
1 may say that without doing any injustice to the
Senator, who has always worked hard for his
people, has done them a great deal of good service,
and I hope that heieaftcr they will remember him
for it. He has been a most faithful hard-working
| public servant for them. But I stand in a different
attitude; my people occupy a different position
from his; and I think, when he wants to leave
everything without any checks on them to such
bodies as the Legislatures of the States and Ter-
ritories through which this i oad may pass, at least
we have the right heie, those of us who belong
to the old States on this side of the continent, to
ask that befoie we aie tied hand and foot, we may
see the laws which are passed to carry out the
purpose of this bill, and inasmuch as we cannot
pass on them ourselves, to say afterwards if (hey
do not suit us, t( you cannot have our money and
our land.'*' That is all. It is a reasonable prop-
osition; it produces no delay. It seems to me it
is all right and fair. The great public interest
requires that we should do it. As to the Gov-
ernment's being paid out of its mortgage, it is a
mere matter of moonshine. In every aspect in
which 1 can view this question it seems to me that
the amendment ought to be adopted. It may be
that I am wrong about it; but I submit the matter
to the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I think this
is a proper amendment, and I shall vote for it. I
do not say I shall vote for the bill if it is in, but
1 should like it a great deal better if it was in. I
think thoie ought to be some supervision of this
great affair before we pay the money; and I hope
we shall adopt the amendment
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, there are a good
many amendments pending to tins bill, and a good
many more will be offeied; and I desire to say
again that I look upon the resolutions offered by
the Senator from Kentucky as very mipoitant to
this country; and I rise now to ask the Senate
to postpone the further consideration of tins bill,
ana take up and consider the resolutions that I
have mentioned. I make that motion; and I hope
the Senate will postpone the consideiation of this
bill for to-day,, for it is not certain after this when
we shall have an opportunity to get up these res-
olutions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator name the day to
which he moves to postpone the bill?
Mr. LANE. Any day for winch there is no
previous special order. To-morrow there is one
—the bill for the admission of Kansas—and I do
not want to inteLferc with thai; but I will say the
day after to-moirow, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of this bill until
Thursday next,, and nyike it the special order for
that day, at one o'clock.
Mr. G WIN. Asa fiiend of both measures,
and intending to sustain both, I will merely ob-
serve, that the way to dispatch the business of
legislation is to proceed with one thing at a time.
I think we shall accomplish more and make mors
speed if we get through with one measure and then
take up the other. As a majoiity of the Senate
indicated this morning that they would give this
measure the preference overthe resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky, I am willing to sit.day
and night until this question is disposed of, and
then go on with his proposition and dispose of it.
It shall not be delayed by any action of mine,
either by speaking or by voting for early adjourn-
ments. I want to sit here until we act on both
measures, and speedily; but I merely suggest to
the Senate that I think it will be dispatching busi-
ness to goo.n now and dispose of this question,
