1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and then to take up the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky. As the Senate indicated this
morning by a majority that they would give this
bill the preference, let us get clear of it, and then
take up the Senator's resolutions and act on them.
I am ready to vote for them at any time. It will
take me no time to make up my mind in regard
to those resolutions. I can vote for them at "any
time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot think, Mr.
President, of voting for the Pacific railroad bill
while this other measure is undetermined. It has
been said of old that men build as if they never
expected to die. We seem to be acting as a na-
tion upon that hypothesis; we arc proposing to
build railroads, providing roads for future gener-
ations, when the very existence of our country is
in danger. When the Union itself is reeling about
like a drunken man, we are making provision for
futurity and for posterity. I cannot vote for any
such measure atany such time. Build up the Union
first: then talk about building up a railroad. Then
I will vote for this measure. I want my friends
from California to understand that, although I
voted to-day for the indeiioite postponement of
this bill, I am not its enemy. I am prepared to
vote for it when you make the Union stable enough
to afford the faintest promise that the work can
be executed, and that we shall have a nation to
enjoy the benefits of it. It seemed to me very
solemn trifling before this people, that the Senate
should sit here legislating upon the making of
roads for future generations, and for a nation,
when that nation is trembling upon a point be-
tween life and death. Yet the Senate preferred to
act upon a railroad, rather than to act on these
measures calculated to give permanence to the
Union itself. I ask my friends to consider what
sort of intelligence is this to go out to a country
that is now tiembling with anxiety upon the ques-
tions of peace or war, existence or non-existence
as a nation, that they should sit here and with
quiet indifference to the state of the country take
up a railroad bill ?
Sir, it is not only a neglect, in my opinion, of
the public interests; it is neglect of the public feel-
ing, and almost an insult to public feeling. When
revolution, and almost war, is going through one
half of the country, spreading with fearful rapid-
ity, tins is the course the Senate of the United
States takes in its awful dignity, in its awful pride
of party predominance and power. It sits here
and looks with indifference upon the country, and
shows that indifference by attempting to legislate
on mere ordinary questions, when the fate of the
nation is depending and in peril. Is it intended,
gentlemen, [addressing Republican Senators,] to
show this spirit of indifference to public anxiety,
to public feeling, to the fate of the country, and
the fate of the Union ? I hope not; and yet noth-
ing could mark more strongly, or seem to mark
more strongly, a temper and a disposition of that
sort. Sir, i will vote for no railroad bill while
the country is in the condition in which it now is.
I hardly know what it is that I would vote for
concerning the nation, or touching the great na-
tional interest, until I know that I have a country
and a nation.
Mr. President, I do not want to say anything
further m relation to this matter. I am the friend
of the Pacific railroad. From the moment the
American people determined to extend their
boundaries by conquest and by acquisition of
territory to the Pacific ocean, I set it down that
greatness was the object which this nation had
determined to attain; and I concluded that it must
pay all the taxes necessary to that greatness. It
must open an internal communication by railroad
with our country on the Pacific. I have been
prepared from that moment to give my sanction
to the measure. I never expected individuals to
pay the expense of it. I never regarded it as a
private speculation. However it might nomi-
nally assume the form of a private corporation, I
always contemplated that the expense of it was to
be paid out of the pubkic Treasury. I considered
that the nation had determined on that measure;
it was necessary to connect the distant portions
of our vast empire. We had obtained territory
on the Pacific; and in obtaining it we impliedly
acquiesced in all the measures necessary to mam-
tain it and to hold it together; and I am not un-
friendly to the measure. I am an advocate of it,
but not now, sir—not until the greater interests
that are now at hazard arc disposed of; and until
this measure is disposed of, I must tell my friends
from California I shall vote against their bill.
This is all, sir, that I propose to say.
Mr. GWIN. I have but a word to say in an-
swer to the Senator from Kentucky. A majority
of the Senate having indicated that this measure
should betaken up and acted on, I shall adhere
to that until the majority change •, because Ilook
on this bill as of greater importance to the people
of California than any other measure which can
come before the Senate; but I differ with the Sen-
ator entirely in another respect. If a majority
indicate otherwise, I will vote for his measure all
the* time; and i am sorry that he votes against
this bill because he cannot have the preference for
his resolutions. I will vote for his proposition
when it comes up, whenever I can have a chance,
but certainly I must stand by this measure as
long as the Senate indicate a purpose to do so. •
Mr. SIMMONS. What is the question now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On postponing
this bill until Thursday next.
Mr. SIMMONS. I trust it will not be post-
poned. I think theSonatorfrom Kentucky must
have altogether misapprehended the purpose of
those who voted to take this bill up. It was with
no view and no purpose of turning a deaf car to
the complaints of the people of this country on
other subjects at all. The time indicated for the
consideiation of thisbillhad come; and whatever
may be our anxiety and solicitude about the
country, some of us think, at least, that such a
measure as this would have a healing tendency
in these troublous times. It has appeared to me
all the while that the trumulous aspect of the Sen-
ate was what encouraged troubles abroad. I have
not felt these apprehensions so keenly as some, I
agree. I merely wished to correctany misappre-
hension of our motives in voting to take up this
bill. The Senator from Kentucky, I know, wants
nothing more than an intimation from me, that I
had no party purpose, or any other purpose than
to carry on the public business in a proper spirit.
We had this amendment about ready to vote
upon a week or ten days ago, perhaps. I did not
think there were three men in the Senate who
would vote against it. I supposed it was so ob-
viously righfin such a bill as this, that it would
command universal assent—I mean the amend- ;
ment of the Senator from North Carolina. Now,
we have debated it almost half a day; and just as
wc arc going to vote on it, it is proposed to post-
pone the whole subject again. The next tune it
eomes up, the debate will all be gone over again.
That is my experience. What 1 have seen here
convinces me that when we have up a bill of this
importance, we had better do something with it
while we have it before us. I believe that to-
morrow, or next day, the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will be up. It has been my
intention, at some time or other, to say a few
woidsupon thein, when I could get the floor; and
when there shall be a little more calmness, and
we have time to consider things coolly, and the
galleries are not so full that the Senate is suffo-
cated, I shall try to any a word or two about the
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky. To-
day is a cool day, and I hope we shall come to a
vote upon the amendments to this bill, and try to
perfect it as well as we can.
Mr. LANE. If it is the wish of the Senate to
go 011 with this bill.a-i anxious as I am about the
other matter, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only wish to say a
word in reply to my friend from Rhode Island.
He indicates a purpose of sneaking on my reso-
lutions at some time or other. I hope he will; for
there is no measure which I take to heart, that I
am notalways anxious to hear him upon. I know
his integrity, and I knowhis patriotism. He may
he mistaken sometimes, as I am often; but I know
his put poses are always patriotic and good. 1 do
not question the puiposes of <my ofmy associates
here: but I say the proceeding of this morning
will indicate to the country, and it will be so in-
terpreted^ as a fntal indifference to the great public
interests that now touch its very existence. When
the people read that you preferred to act on a rail-
road bill, which will be utterly useless, utterly
vain, if the Union is to be destroyed, rather than
upon measures calculated to secure the permanence
of that Union, they will consider you as insensi-
ble to the one, and very regardful of the other.
Now, why will I not vote far this bill in. the
present state of public affairs? Because the iktift
inference which! am compelled to draw from the
conduct of Senators here, showing such indiffer-
ence, as I understand it, as it will be re.ad by tho
public, upon questions touching its very exist-
ence, induces me to believe that this union is
altogether insecure. Until that is assured to me,
what do i want with railroads? What do I want
with all the great improvements that would be-
come a mighty empire, when I see my country
broken up, ana dwindled downintoa setof petty
republics, it may be? I feel more like hiding my
face than engaging in great improvements that,
as I say, would become the Republic in its ancient
glory, and in its still greater future glories which
l have hoped for. "
Sir, I am alive to but one subject hero,and that
is, the passage of measures that shall perpetuate
and secure to me and my children the blessings
and the benefits of this Union; and until you have
done that, all your other public affairs are to me
as trifles. So I shall consider them, including'in
that remark even this great measure of a railroad
to the Pacific ocean. Let us first make our Gov-
ern ment secure; rebuild that,and then talkabout
works of improvement worthy of it. While you
leave that tottering and reeling, it is idleness', and
the evidence of a perfect indifference, to go for--
ward in these works of internal improvement as
if you were assured of existence. It is like the
man on the edge of the grave trifling about his
little, petty, worldly affairs. The difference is
great between my position and that of my friend
from California, who says he will vote for my
resolutions, taken up when they may be. I tell
him I cannot vote for his. My measures tend to
perpetuate the Government; his tend to make an
improvement that would be only applicable to us
as a great nation, and useless to us even if com-
pleted, and perfectly impracticable for us to com-
plete, if we are broken up—a fate which now so
imminently menaces us. That is the difference
between us. I cannot vote for his measure until
I see my country secured, its existence, its union,
reestablished, or at any rate scoured. Then I
can vote, and will vote, forthjs railroad bill; not
till then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment proposed by the Senator
from North Carolina.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that amendment. [uOh,no.' ] I
withdraw the call.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to state that I
have paired off on questions connected with this
railroad, with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson.]
The question being taken on Mr. Braoo's
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 31,
nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—M>s«rs. Bayard, JJenjnmin, Bragg, Bright, CJark,
Cliugman, CiitffDooiitU*'', Durkee, Fessenricn, Fitch,
(ijeoh, Grinm><?, Ffiintor. Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
kinu, Lane, Mason, Nicholson., Pcaree, Polk, Powei),
I'tigh, Jtico. Saulf-bury, Sebastian, Simmons, Siidell, Ten
JSjvlc, and Wilkinson—.'H.
NAYS—Messr*. Baker, Bingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Ilailan, Latham, Seward, Sum-
ner, Wade, Wjgfall, and Wilson—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to add a little
clause, following the amendment just adopted:
Proiidcd further, That under no circumstances shall the
coiporation organized as aforesaid, exercise any banking
powers, or issue any paper intended to be circulated as
money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRAGG. I had picpared a similar amend-
ment to that. The adoption of that amendment
renders a part of the amendment 1 intended to
oiler unnecessary. But I desire to offer an amend-
ment limiting the existence of these corporations.
I will leave the time blank, so that the Senate
can fill it up should they think proper to adopt
the amendment. It is to insert, at the end of the
last amendment, the following:
Nor have a corporate existence exceeding a term of —
years.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Secretary will read'
that proposition again.
