1S48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
excluding it only from the territory northwest of
the Ohio, leaving it to colonize that portion south-
west of that river. The same thing was again
attempted in 1820, as to the territory acquired
from Louisiana; and after a terrible agitation, was
abandoned by adopting the Missouri line. The
third attempt was made in 1850, as to the territory
acquired from Mexico; and then also the Union
narrowly escaped destruction; but the compro-
mise measures were adopted. Andnow it comes
again, but in a more formidable way than ever.
A President has been elected on that issue; for
the first time the people of the North, after all
previous compromises and warnings, have voted
on the question, and every northern State has
pronounced for the spoliation: and there stood
the Senator from Tennessee and asked, with an
air of triumphantignorance and exulting stupid-
ity, what has happened?
Oh! but we arc told that although the people of
the North have so voted, and so elected, and
thereby are about to seize the gigantic power of
this Government to acomplish the flagitious de-
sign, they have not accomplished it yet. Wcmust
wait for the overt act!
What! if a man proclaims his intention to burn
my barn, and I see him approach with a lighted
torch, am I to wait for the overt act? If some
military chieftain was about to bombard this splen-
did edifice, and had drawn out his artillery to lay
these marble columns in ruins, and level yon
proud dome with the ground, must wc watt for
the thing to be done? nut if there are some peo-
ple not quite so blind as not to see what has hap-
pened, and not quite so seivile or so base as to
wait until that still more splendid fabric, the Con-
stitution, is failing in ruins around them, fiom the
torches of frenzied fanatics, and amid their ex-
ultant shouts,but conclude to separate themselves
from such brethren, they show that they at least
know not only what has happened, but what would
be likely to happen next, if they had no more per-
ception nor foresight than the Senator from Ten-
nessee,
But, wo have been told by the Senator, as we
have often been toid by others, that the secession
movement is a sudden and violent excitement,
caused by the plans and haiangucs of artful and
ambitious loaders; and that it must soon subside.
A sudden and precipitate movement! Why, it
is now more than twelve years since all,the south-
ern States, Tennessee included, decided by the
almost unanimous vote of both parties in their
Legislatures, that they would at all hazards, and
to the last extremity, resist the adoption of the
Wilmot proviso. Now, the North has resolved
upon it by the unanimous vote of all her States,
and has the power, according to the forms of the
Constitution, to execute that resolve; and yet, for
preparing at once to resist this aggression, three
times solemnly attempted before, and three times
before repulsed by the South, wc are now told
that the South is precipitate—is mad.
1 know it is said that there are still some Sen-
ators and Representatives from the North in Con-
gress who will oppose this Republican design,
and that it may be ultimately defeated by their
votes in connection with that of the South. But,
in the moan time, the Chicago convention, with
consummate cunning, declares that there is no
right for slavery to go into the Territories; and
hence, if it does go, the new Executive will afford
it no protection if assailed; and it is well known
that many of the supporters for the Presidency of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Dougi.as,] who,
together with the Republicans, make up a large
portion of the North, also deny that slavery has
anynght to protection in the Terntories; the de-
cision of the Supreme Court, that it has the right
to £o there, to the contrary notwithstanding.
"For the South, then, to wait would be to sub-
mit until her forts were armed and garrisoned
against her, and the guns turned landward; to
wait until hershare of the public arms were placed
in possession of her enemies; to wait until the
Federal Army is stationed to art with prompti-
tude to subdue her; to wait until Republican post-
masters are stationed thioughont her villages and
cross-roads, to circulate the works of Greeley and
of Helper; to wait until servile insurrection is or-
ganized; and all these things the President alone
can do. The South is to wait for all this; while
southern Senators sit, blind as moles and deaf as
adders, or, having eyes, see not, and having ears,
hear not the things that pertain to her temporal
salvation.
Mr. President, perhaps the most signal instance
of the evils of compulsory union between dissim-
ilar people, is that of Ireland and England. The
people of Ireland—the home and heritage of my
ancestors—have, as the South has, a represent-
ation in the national Legislature; but being also,
as the South is, in a minority in that body, have
no power to protect themselves from the aggres-
sions of England, The consequence is, that they
have been excluded from the common benefits of
British legislation, commercially, and even reli-
giously, to say nothing of their exclusion from
official station in the Empire. And, accordingly,
Ireland has been impoverished, degraded, and dis-
contented. She has been trampled upon, outraged,
insulted, treated like Cinderella. The people of
this country have always sympathized with the
wrongs of Ireland, and her struggles for inde-
pendence. Yet there is now a greater difference
between the people of the South and of the North
than between those of England and Ireland, and
greater antagonism of opinion and feeling. Nev-
ertheless, it is proposed to hold the South in po-
litical subjection to the North, and for that pur-
pose to employ naval and military force.
Sir, I might mention many other cases: the
subjection of Greece to Turkey; of Poland to
Russia; of the Netherlands to Spain; Italy to Aus-
tria. In all these cases we have sympathized with,
and, in many of them aided, the secession from
the common government, by contributions and
individual service. Yet those Governments were
not founded on consent, and there was no compact
conceding the right of secession.
And now, after I have shown that modern his-
tory abounds in such eases, and after proving that
our opinions and sympathies have invariably been
with the seceding parties, it is deliberately pro-
posed and proclaimed that the northern section of
this Union, so devoted to liberty, so exalted in
civilization, so pure in morals, and devout in re-
ligion, shall imitate the most despotic policy of
England, Austria, Turkey, Spain, and Russia?
Is it lesorved for this enlightened ago, and this
land of the free, for that section which arrogates
to itself preeminence in piety and civilization, to
show itself capable of imitating the worst crimes
of the Governments of the Old World, to emulate
the most atrocious examples of the very worst
Governments, whether civilized or semi-barbar-
ous. But, sir, while I have referred to the several
cases of people heretofore undertaking to secede
from oppressive Unions, I do not for a. moment
compare the ability of the South, or the probable
issue of the impending struggle, to the cases cited.
Not at all, sir. The southern States will not be
conquered. They may be destroyed, hut never
subjugated. Let me beg the party who are soon
to take charge of this Government to let the se-
ceded States alone, and by no means to attempt
to collect revenue in their ports; that would re-
sult in a bloody, terrible war: but, on the con-
trary, acknowledge the independence of the Con-
federate States of America, and tieat with them
as an ally and friendly nation.
Sir, in conclusion, whether the course the se-
ceding States have seen fit to take be right or not,
is a question which we must leave to posterity,
and the verdict of impartial history. Our time
will probably be more profitably employed m con-
sidering how we shall deal with secession than in
discussing the causes which have produced it.
Secession, right or wrong, justifiable or unjusti-
fiable, is an accomplished fact; and it presents to
us no less an alternative than that of peace or war.
Sir, I believe that, in the general ruin which would
follow coercive measures against the seceding
States, all suctions, all classes, all the great inter-
ests of the country, without any exception, would
be involved. How much better, Mr. President,
that, in so fearful a crisis as the present, instead
of passing " force bills," and preparing for war,
instead of <s breathing threatening,s and slaugh-
ter," and preparing implements of destruction to
be used against our brethren of the South, how
much better, I say, for oursei/es, for posterity,
for the cause of civil liberty throughout the world,
that our thoughts should be turned on peace?
: Peace, not war, has brought our country to the
t high degree of prosperity it now enjoys. The
| energies of the people up to this time have been
! directed to the development of our boundless re-
sources, to the mechanic arts, to agriculture, min-
ing, trade, and commerce with foreign nations.
Banish peace, turn these mighty energies of the
people to the prosecution of the dreadful woik of
mutual destruction, and soon cities in ruins, fields
desolate, the deserted marts of trade, the silent
workshops, gaunt famine stalking through the
land, the earth cumbered with the bodies of the
dying and the dead, will bear awful testimony to
the madness and wickedness which, from the very
summitof prosperity and happiness, are plunging
us headlong into an abyss of woe.
Sir, in God's name, let us have peace. If we
cannot have it in the Union, as it existed prior to
November last,letushaveitby cultivating friendly
relations with those States which have dissolved
their connection with that Union, and established
a separate government. Though we and they may
not, and, perhaps, in the nature of things,cannot
live harmoniously under the same Government,
it is our interest, no less than theirs, that we
should at once endeavor to establish between our
Government and theirs those amicable relations
which should ever exist between two neighbor-
ing Republics. War, with its attendant horrors,
being thus happily averted, the people of each
Republic will be left at liberty to pursue, undis-
turbed, their several vocations. A mutually ad-
vantageous commerce will grow up between the
two nations; treaties, such as regulate our inter-
course with the Canadas, will be formed; confi-
dence in all branches of business will be restored;
a new impetus given to every variety of indus-
try; the march of improvement accelerated, and
the cause of humanity, of civilization, and of
Christianity,advancedthroughouttheworld. The
people of Europe, accustomed to refer the settle-
ment of their slightest differences to the bloody
arbitrament of the sword, will behold with silent
wonder and amazement the spectacle of a great
people unable to agree in reference to one of their
peculiar domestic institutions, peacefully separat-
ing, as did the patriarchs of old; resolving them-
selves into two distinct political communities, not
hostile, discordant, belligerent; but each, animated
with a spirit of generous rivalry towards the other,
pursuing a more successful and prosperous career
in its own chosen path, than when, united under
the same Federal head, they painfully sought to-
gether the same common destiny.
Mr. President, we are living at a day and at a
time when a northern sectional party have ob-
tained possession of the power of this great Gov-
ernment, who have declared in their platfoim, in
their speeches everywhere, and in their press,
that slavery shall never go into another foot of
territory; that no other slave State shall ever be
admitted into this Union; that slavery shall be
put in the course of ultimate extinction. We have
the announcement of the party that the foot of a
slave shall never press the soilof one of the Ter-
ritories; that no new slave State shall be admit-
ted; and, in addition to that, that no slave State
shall go out of the Union. Who ever saw such
a party as that? Who ever knew anything like
it in the world before ? They will not l^t slavery
go into the Territories; they will not let a slave
State come in; and they will not let one go out !
They will not let them go out because they could
not carry out their programme of placing slavery
in the course of ultimate extinction. They want
to keep the slave States in for their benefit—to foot
the bills, to pay the taxes—that they may govern
them as they see fit, and rule them against their
will. Well, sir, I wish to say one word to that
party, in all kindness; for I shall not trouble them
again on this subject. I shall be a private, inde-
pendent citizen before long. But I will say to
that party, they had better change their tactics;
they had better change front, and do it speedily.
Let them place themselves upon the high ground
of right and justice, and adopt such amendments
to the Constitution as will not only hold old Ken-
tucky, which has produced the greatest "com-
promiser" of us all—that good old State where I
was raised, and that I am proud of—but the othei
southern States also. I am afraid Republicanism
will not do this. I know those old Kentucky peo-
ple from terrace to foundation. They will endure
much—very much—peaceablyand quietly; but if
they are goaded too far; if, by repeated wrongs,
they are compelled to fight, then I would say to
their enemy ubeware!" There are chivalry ana
patriotism in Kentucky which is neither m the
