888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read in con-
nection, so that we can understand it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided farther, That the said persons and their asso-
ciates shall not be or become vested with any grant, right,
or interest intended to be seemed by the provisions of this
act otherwise than m a corpoiate character and capacity,
to be first acquired by them, or such of them as shall ac-
cept the terms and conditions of this act, within the ter-
ritorial and State junsdictions into and through which the
railroad contemplated by this act shall he constructed;
nor until sajd aet3 of incorporation shall have been sub-
mitted to, and appioved by, the Congress of the United
States: provided further. That, under no circum-
stances, shall the corporations organized as afoicsaid exer-
cise any banking powers, or issue any paper intended to
be circulated as money, nor have a corporate existence
exceeding ateim of — yeais.
Mr. CLARIC. If the honorable Senator from
North Carolina will allow me, 1 should like to in-
quire who is going to hold the property after the
expiration of those years? What is to become
of it, and who is to manage it?
Mr. BRAGG. I suppose it would be like every
other corporation. I presume there is not a per-
petuity of that kind in this country.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the honorable Sen-
ator that the charter of all these railroads are per-
petual in my country. I never knew one of them
to be limited.
Mr. BRAGG. None of them are perpetual in
mine, and hence the difference between the Sen-
ator and myself.
Mr. CLARK. It will create great confusion.
"We have a provision in our States that the Legis-
latures may alter, amend, or repeal; but wo never
limit them; and unless there isan occasion for re-
pealing them, which I never knew, the charter
runs directly on. The property is controlled by
the corporators: and it ought to be so here, it
seems to me. We should provide that we may
correct abuses and control the charters, but let the
corporations go on.
Mr. BRAGG. I was aware of the difference
between the charter or acts oi incorporation which
it is usual to grant in New England and those
granted in my section of the country. 1 wasaware
that the elausc which the honorable Senator men-
tions was usually inserted there; but in no case is
it inserted in corporate acts with us. Individuals
with us, are not willing to accept such terms in
any corporate act. They are not willing to run
the risk, and hence it is that we usually limit the
term for which the franchise is granted by the
corporate act to be enjoyed.
J was going on a Utile further. I do not see
how the idea of the Senator can be carried out
hero at all, for I do not suppose that Congress has
a right to retain or exercise any such power as he
suggests to exist in corporate acts in his section
of the country, or as he thinks ought to be incor-
porated into this bill. I cannot imagine, after a
company has obtained an act of incorporation
from one of the States of this Onion, how Con-
gress, by any reserved power, can alter that act.
Can it alter it by taking away from it any of the
franchises granted by the State, or by taking
away fioni it any of its property? Such a tluri^
as that cannot be done by Congress, at least in
my humble opinion. It has no power to do it,
even with a reservation of such power in this bill.
Such a reservation, being illegal in my opinion,
would only be void.
Weil,sir, presented to my mind in thataspect,
the next question with me was, whether we ought
to allow a company of this kind,especially of the
very large means which it ought to possess, which
it is nccessary for it to possess, and therefore of
the influence which it would necessarily exercise,
to have powers granted to it which would amount
to a perpetuity.
Mr. 1' ESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to aslf him a question just there?
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is this: this bill con-
templates, 1 suppose, or we contemplate in nil
these proceedings in regard to it, that the time
will come some time or other when all these Ter-
ritories shall become States. Now what is it to
us to provide anything with reference to the time >
We give a certain amount of money. We pro-
vide for its repayment. That is all the interest
we have uj it, to far as that is concerned. Is it
not the business of the States and the Territories
to look out with reference to the time, the dura-
tion of the charter, rather than ours? It would
be of no consequence to us one way or the other.
The States are usually careful on that subject. I
presume these charters will provide not only the
proper safeguards with regard to the protection
of persons and property, but also with regard to
the limitation of time, if they judge it necessary;
but is it a matter really of any interest to the
United States? They will exist as charters in
Territories to bccomc States; not as charters
granted by the United States.
Mr. BRAGG. The amendment having been
adopted, which I first offered, I admit I do not
regard the present amendment of thatimportancc
I did at first, because Congress will obtain the con-
trol, to some extent, over these acts of incorpora-
tion. But, sir, wc are legislating for a work in
which the whole country is interested. It may
be that the States and Territories will put the par-
ties named in this bill, under proper restrictions;
but we have no assurance that they will do it. It
may be said it will be their interest to do it; but
a part of these acts of incorporation are to be ob-
tained from States, and a part fiom Territorial
Legislatures. We do not know what kind of acts
may be obtained. Wo have undertaken to con-
trol them in one respect; and I think it will nar-
row down the subjects which will have to be con-
sidered by Congress hereafter, upon the approval
of these charters, if we adopt the amendment
which I now offer, limiting the existence of these
corporations to a term of years. Senators may
make it a very long one, seventy-five, one bun-
dled, or more years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator excuse
me for making another suggestion to him; because
we are aiming at the same thing, the full under-
standing of the matter ?
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is this: we are to be
repaid by certain services to be performed by
these roads. Suppose there should be a limita-
tion, and the charters that are obtained from the
several Territories and States, whatever they may
be, should expire before we are repaid, before
we have lecei ved hack our money: what condition
shall we be m then ? It stiikes me our interest is
the other way.
Mr. BRAGG. I will answer the honorable
gentleman with pleasure. I think not. I differ
with him. In the first place, we are to have a
mortgage on the road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot exist beyond
the limits of the charter.
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir; but I will come to that
directly, if the honorable Senator will have pa-
tience. In the first place, we are to have a mort-
gage on the road. Now, I shall propose further
to amend this bill, by striking out that part of it
relating to the mortgage which provides that the
Government shall be reimbursed by the work
done for the Government. I wunt a full Hen, a
full first mortgage upon the road; and I think it
ought to be. 1 know no reason why it ought not
to be. One gentleman says that he never expects
the Government to be reimbursed. Another one
—the one who has mainly charge of this-bill—
says he thinks it will be reimbursed. Well, sir,
if it will, let us have this bill in a condition in
which the Attorney General can frame a mort-
gage, so that the Government may be ultimately
paid; not that I want to see this work sold out
before it gets built and has gone into operation at
all, or perhaps at any time, but with a mortgage
of that kind, and with the amendment 1 propose
adopteil limiting the existence of the company for
a term of years, the honorable Senator from
Maine, I think, will see at once,as able a lawyer
as he is, that the Government could foreclose that
mortgage at any time, and be reimbursed its
money. That is what I mean, sir. And if the
other amendment bo adopted which I have sug-
gested, and which I think ought to be adopted,
he will then see the propriety of the one I have
offered; at least, that it is not objectionable in the
point of view which he has stated.
But again: in reply to what has fallen from the
Senator trom New Hampshire. He says, What
is to become of this property when the term of
years expires? Why sir, the corporation would
have a right to sell it, as every corporation which
winds up us affairs has. Banking institutions,
railroad companies, and other corporations, all
wind up their affairs, and the corporate property
is disposed of. It might be said that here are no
persons who can cxcrcisc the franchise, and the
line of railroad and the property would pass to
individuals having no right to exercise the privi-
leges which the old company had exercised. I
am coming to that point. Then the honorable
Senator from Maine will see that when, by an
application either on the part of the existing com-
pany, or on the part of any other persons, or by
an insertion in the charters of the companies when
they are formed, as they are proposed to be
formed now, their property is sold, it may, when-
ever it becomes necessary to wind up the concern,
pass into the hands of such new company as may
have it, or it may be renewed to the old company.
What I want to guard against is a perpetuity
which will exist forever. If nothing of that kind
should be done, if no new act of incorporation
should be passed by any of the States or Territo-
ries through which this road is built, I admit it
would be derelict property at the end of the term
if the corporation did not sell it. We know they
would sell it, though. It would be derelict prop-
erty afterwards, in whatever way the laws of the
State in which the property was situated provided.
1 can see no objection, therefore, to limiting these
corporations to a term of years. Senators can
make it a long one. Without that, I do not see
that this Government will have any control over
them; I do not believe you can reserve any power,
or exercise any power, to modify any of the cor-
porate acts which they may obtain,and you will
have no power over them at all.
While I am up, if I do not over-fatigue the
Senate, I may say another word in relation to
another part of the bill, on that subject. It is
provided in this bill, that if this first corporation
does not carry out the purposes of this act, and
comply with all the conditions of the grant—
what? Why, in the first place, that they shall
forfeit all right under it. I admit that this Gov-
ernment has a right to exact that forfeiture, or
to make it a condition precedent to granting the
land; and if the condition is a lawful one,"then
she would have a right to withhold the property
that had not been used, and had not been ex-
pended. The land or money unexpended she
would have a right to withhold. But the act goes
on further to say, that in that case the non-com-
pliance with the provisions of thisactshall result
m forfeiture of the franchises and entire propeity
of the corporation. This Government has no
right to exact any such franchise. How would
you go about it? Here is a corporation. The
act establishing it is granted by a State. How
can the United States exact any forfeiture of that
franchise ? How can you take the corporate
property that has been acquired by condemnation
or by gift from the States? Here is the State of
Texas, for instance, which, in a part of this bill,
gives sixteen sections of land per mile. You
cannot do it, sir. That is all a delusion. It is
a proposition on the part of this bill to take from
the fust corporation and give it to another cor-
poration, and upon such terms and provisions
and qualifications as Congress may provide. It
is all idle. It amounts to nothing:, at least, in my
humble judgment; and I think that every lawyer
in the Senate, when he considers the matter, will
come to the same conclusion.
Hence, sir, we must look to the corporation
first organized, and see that proper tests and
proper provisions are made in regard to the exe-
cution of their power. The expectation held out,
according to the provision of tins bill, that if they
do not comply with these terms, whatever is
granted to them, franchises, property and all, or
whatever they may hold at the time they are
guilty of the act of forfeiture, is forfeited, and
passes to a new company, is futile and idle; it
amounts to nothing. Ail this Government can
do is to withhold any further appropriation of
money, or any further land: and hence I think
we should guard this bill carefully. It has many
objections. 1 have pointed out some of them. I
think it would be decidedly safer, therefore, to
limit the term for which these corporate acts are
to be allowed to go into effect 
Mr. CLARK. Will the honorable Senator
from North Carolina allow me to make an in-
quiry?
Mr. GREEN. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. We cannot possibly get through
the bill to-night, and it is necessary that we should
