1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
1349
power tff accident nor nature to subdue. Youhad
better eot press them too far. Do not drive them
to the goal of last resort. Give them justice while
you have it in your power to do so. Satisfy them
that ultimately they shall have equality in this
broken Government, or Union, if you will. But,
sir, I leave the patching up of the Constitution
to the distinguished Senator from Kentucky and
other gentlemen, especially my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] who has labored harder
to patch up the Constitution than any man I ever
knew, except my friend from Kentucky, and I
wish him God speed in the work. Let it be upon
just principles; let it be right; let us have justice;
and I Khali be content.
Now, Mr. President, I owe it to myself to say
a few words upon another subject. I am sorry
it is necessary; but the superciliousness of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee in taking me to
task the other day in a manner that I thought was
unparliamentary, to say the least, on the subject
of the navigation of the Mississippi river, renders
it indispensable that 1 should do so. I desire to
say but a few words relative that point, and leave
the Senate to decide between us. By the way,
before I commence, I will say that I have been
borne out in all I have said in relation to that
matter by the action of Louisiana, and by the
action of the confedetated States. I look upon
that government as one of the finest experiments
ou the face of th.e earth, or in the history of man-
kind, embodying the purest patriotism, the highest
order of statesmanship, and the greatest amount
of talent and administrative capacity that can be
found among the same number of people in any
Government on the face of the globe. They, by
their action, have indorsed all that I said upon
the subject of the navigation of the Mississippi
river. TheGovevnoroftheStateofLouimnalmd
the kindness, seeing what T said, and that the
Senatorfrom Tennessee had doubted the chivalry,
the general honesty, and patriotism of the people
of Louisiana, to send me—and 1 have had it here
for the last two weeks, but have not had the op-
portunity of presentmgit before—the ordinance of
secession, and accompanying it a resolution on
the subject of the navigation of the Mississippi
river, which is in these words:
tl Resolved, That we, the people of Louisiana.''—
in their sovereign capacity, mark you; not a lit-
tle whisky insurrection, but the people in their
sovereign capacity, as a State in convention as-
sembled:
Resolved, That wo. the people of Louisiana, recognize
tUe right of the ficc navigation of thu Mississippi river and
its tributaries by all friendly States bordering thereon. And
we also rccognizo the ntjlit of ingtess and egress of the
mouths of the Mississippi bv all lnemily States and Power*;
a id we do liereb\ declare out willingness to enter into any
stipulations to guaraurj the t\veiei!>e of &aid lights/'
Since Louisiana has passed this resolution, the
government of the confederate States, by its con-
gress, lias passed a similar resolution, resolving,
as they ought to do, and as I said they would do,
that the navigation of the Mississippi s iver should
be free to all friendly States, and free to all States
bordering on it or its tributaries. But I will go
into a little history of the Senator's remarks on
the occasion of his last two days' speech. God
save the country from such speeches!
Mr. President, the Senator from Tennessee ex-
pressed his disapprobation at what I said as to
the navigation of the Mississippi, and misrepre-
sented me, when he said that I spoke of the right
to navigate the Mississippi, as if I had great fa-
miliarity with international law. I affected no
such familiarity. What 1 did say, I spoke rather
doubtingly, and I cannot understand how a mind
not inclined to perversion could give such an in-
terpretation to. ray words. His words I will read.
Referring to me, with a marked manner, he said:
" He seemed to h-how great fanuliaiity with international
law."
In the next sentence he repeated this, and said;
He spoke about it with great familiamj', as if he uutler-
Mood it well."
Now, sir, this is not the truth. I will here re-
peat the words which I used, that elicited the crit-
icism of this new expounder of international law.
I said:
" 1 believe it is recognized a? the law of nations, as the
law of all civilized nations, that a sjreat inland sea, tunnins:
through .seveial Governments, shall be open equally to all
of them."
I did not speak like a lawyer, confident in his
knowledge, but I spoke rather doubtingly, and
without assurance or pretense, and just as I felt
became one who was not professionally informed.
In relation to what I said as to the rule of na-
tional law, as applied to the Mississippi, I used
the phrase " I believe," certainly not a presump-
tuous term. The Senator goes to work and pon-
ders for several weeks over my speech, made
without premeditation, and the speeches of other
Senators, scrapes up as many fragments as possi-
ble for the manufacture of his own, and then comes
into the Senate with what he thinks, no doubt, is
a \ ery learned display. With the air of a learned
giant, burdened with wisdom and knowledge, he
undertakes to rebuke me by a supercilious sneer
at my alleged familiarity with international law.
He assumes to rebuke me,also, for not knowing
what he knew; which was, that the navigation of
the Mississippi river had been the subject of ne-
gotiation for " years arid years," as well as other
rivers throughout the world. This was all very
wise and very triumphant, if there were not two
sides to the question. He quoted from Mr. Wliea-
ton's Elements, in order to show, as I suppose,
his own deep research in the matters of interna-
tional law. As usual, the Senator understood
very little of what he quoted. He utterly missed
the true point, and, of course, failed to state the
case as it really stood.
Now, mark you, sir, I say, " I believe " I am
right. I will state it, and I do so believing it will
be understood, as I have heretofore represented
it, and would be indorsed by professional men of
eminence. As to the Mississippi having been the
subject, for years, of negotiation, is a fact I was
aware of. But, sir, notwithstanding the Sena-
tor's lengthy quotations, l think I can demonstrate
to the satisfaction of others, if not to him, that
my view of the question is correct. He lias made
a quotation at great length from Mr. Wheaton,
which has no special application to this case, like
most of the law quotations he selects.
I spoke of the law of nations, of course, as rela-
tive to the incidents of the subject-matter adveited
to—an inland sea, (or great river,) under the
circumstances of the Mississippi; of-course, not
under ad verse circumstances. Rome once claimed
the right to shut up the navigation of the entire
Mediterranean ; but such cases decide nothing.
She held the control of its entrance. So, at one
time, in a less enlightened day, Russia claimed
despotic mastery over the mouth of the Danube.
The other great river of western Europe, the
Rhine, rising in Switzerland, passing France and
Baden, Prussia, Belgium, and the Netherlands,
was, under a less libelal policy of national law
than now prevails, subject to tolls.
But, sir, what are the facts. Austria, and other
Powers, never conceded that Russia had the right
of controlling the mouth of the Danube. In 1814,
as I understand it—I may be wrong—the naviga-
tion was settled to be free. The demonstration of
Russia afterwards, to change this, was resisted by
Austria; and the other Powers of Europe inter-
posed and prevented its disturbance, upon the
ground that it was the true rule of national law,
as between their Governments, that- the river
should remain free to its mouth. The same west-
ern Powers, as 1 believe, further enforced that
! principle in the treaty which followed the capture
j of Sebastopol. The navigation of the Rhine was
j finally adjusted upon the same basis, as the true
S rule of national law under the circumstances, and
i as between the parties. When I say, therefore,
j an inland sea—or river, if you please—passing
; through several nations, is open to the navigation
j of all, it is not meant that any fixed and acknowl-
1 edged right is to be violated. What is meant is
simply that which is correspondent with the cir-
1 cumstances and the history of the case. If all the
parties had claims, no greater nation possessing
1 the mouth of the river, is at liberty, by a mere
1 exercise, of power, to violate those rights because
of that power. In this sense has been established,
i and now exists, the rules of national law which
| govern the Danube and the Rhine. No tolls, I
i believe, are collected on either. A state of war,
for the time being suspends those rights, but does
not abolish them.
Now, sir, as to the principles laid down among
the highly civilized nations of Europe, at this day,
as applicable to the Mississippi, I am right, and
he is wrong. He has no principles about it. He
goes back to an old fogy land for his precedent.
He is a long way behind the times, in my opin-
ion, just as he was in relation to the rights of the
southern States, and as he will be in relation to
the action of his own. Now, sir, bear in mind
this diagram of national principles, as 1 have tried
to state it, and as now adjusted among the great
Powers of western Europe, which is the great
source of ascertaining national law, and it neces-
sarily follows, that the States of this Confederacy
—I believe I am right in that—having been equally
interested with Louisiana in the navigation of the
Mississippi, by the law of nations, they retain
that equal right, and are not affected by a change
of Government. It is such a right, as having been
always equally enjoyed, it cannot be disturbed
except in two ways: first, by treaty; and second,
by war. The latter only suspends it. This, sir,
is the explanation as I understand it, and as I be-
lieve it to be right. I hope the reporter will put
down the words " I believe;" that is the word I
intend to use on this subject. What a pageant—
what a ridiculous pageant—has the Senator made
by stuffing himself (it only took six weeks) with
inapplicable scraps of law of learned length, as if
specially to be exhibited before this Senate, to
prove nothing, and to fit nothing. I, sir, will not
deal in either innuendoes or irony; but I will plainly
say that, if the Senator would quote only a little
law, and understand all that little well, it would
be better; immeasurably better, than to quote so
much, and comprehend so very small a portion of .
what he does quote.
Now, Mr. President, I have paid all the atten-
tion to the attempt that was mads to place me in
the wrong that I deem necessary. 1 can only
now repeat, in the conclusion of my speech, that
neither the Senator fromTennessee, nor any other
Senator, nor can any man, tell the truth and say
that I have, by any vote, word, or act of mine,
at any time or on any occasion, refused protec-
tion to all property alike in the Territories. I
have made it a point always. Indeed, the doc-
trine of the equal right of property, whether slave
or any other, in the Territories, and its equal
right to protection,is as strong in me as life itself.
I have never uttered a word against that princi-
ple; but I have said, upon all occasions, that that
doctrine must be maintained, or this Union could
not stand. I have fought for it; but as I said in
the outset, while I deeply deplore the condition
of the country, it has been caused by no act of
mine. And with this remark, I part with him,
who, in imitation of Esau, seeks to sell his birth-
light. I would, if there was time, give a little
advice to all sides, to every Senator on this floor.
I would say: Senators, come up to the great im-
portance of this question; meet it; adopt, by a two
thirds vote—as we could do if Senators would
deal rightly—amendments to the Constitution,
placing all "the States upon an equality in the Ter-
ritories, and on every other question; submit them
to the people; and by such amendments 1 believe
we could prevent, or stop, a further rupture of
this Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. BIGLER. I have a suggestion to make
to the Senator from Tennessee, before he makes
his speech.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will hear
the suggestion.
Mr. BIGLER. It must be obvious that we
have but a very .few hours to consider the great
questions that are now before the Senate. I have
no desire to interpose against a fair opportunity
to reply on the part of the Senator from Tennes-
see; but I think, if it would be agreeable to him,
it would be important to the Senate and the coun-
try to know precisely what position we are to
occupy on this great question. Now, a single
Senator has it in his power to prevent the filial
passage of any one of the propositions now pend-
ing before the Senate. If that is the determina-
tion, we ought to know it. If that is the determ-
ination, then, so far as I am concerned, the Senator
fromTennessee may talk as long as he sees proper;
but I would like to see that question disposed of;
"and the action of the Senate on a resolution which
I offered two days ago, will settle that question.
Anticipating just .what has occurred, I submitted
a resolution suspending the 26th rule, so far as
relates to resolutions or propositions in reference
to an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. If that resolution bo adopted, then it
