1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
Sir, have we reached a point at which we can-
not talk about treason? Our forefathers talkecj
about it; they spoke of it in the Constitution of
the country; they have defined what treason was;
is it an offense, is it a crime, is it an insult to re-
cite the Constitution that was made by Washing-
ton and ins compatriots? What does the Con-
stitution say:
"Treason against the United States shall ronsist only in
levying war apainst them, or in adhering to their enejtues,
giving them aid and comfort."
There it is defined clearly that treason shall con-
sist only in levying war against the United States,
and adhering to and giving aid and comfort to
their enemies. Who is it that has been engaged
m conspiracies? Who is it that lias been engaged
in making war upon the United States? Who is
it that has fired upon our flag? Who is it that
has given insti uctions to take our arsenals, to
take our forts, to take our dock-yard15!, to take
the public property ? fnthe language of the Con-
stitution of the United States, have not those who
have been engaged m it been guilty of treason ?
We make a fair issue. Show me who has been
engaged m those conspiracies, who has fired upon
our flag, has given instructions to take our forts
and our custom-houses, our arsenals and our
dock-yards, and I will show you a traitor. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The Sergeant-at-Arms will clear the
galleries on the right of the chair immediately.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTenneseee. Thatisafair
proposition 
Thp PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee will pause until the order of the
Chair is executed.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I will suggest, as that was
not a very loud noise, that we dispense with the
order thh; one time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair will
not dispense with it except by a vote of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senate will
have a uniform rule. I opposed the cicarmg of
the galleries heretofore. It has been executed but
twice. I think it is a well-settled principle that
if you allow an audience to applaud, you have
no right to punish them for applauding in the
wrong place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina will allow the Chair to ob-
serve that there is no motion before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 move to suspend the exe-
cution of the order. i
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to say that 1 I
opposed the execuiion of lton a former occasion, 1
because, in probably forty instances*, the galleries
had been allowed to applaud, and they have been !
cleared but twice—once when the Senator from I
Louisiana [Mr. Bevjami^*] spoke, and once when J
the Senator fiom Texas [Mr. Wigfali,] spoke, j
I suppose, in fifty other instances, they have been i
allowed to applaud. Now, if the Senate choose |
to enforce the rule, I have no objection; but I do
say, that if you allow them to applaud, you have |
no right to say they are applauding at the wrong !
time, or the wrong place, or the wrong persons, i
It is weli settled, I believe, that if you allow an j
audience to applaud, you mustallow them to hiss j
or express disapprobation. 1 am opposed to it; j
but this Senate has, for the first time since I have !
known anything of it, been convened into a sort !
of theater for applause at the present session. If ,
the Senate cho< m- to mMsi on the iule, 1 do not 1
ol'j"n: t-M', hut 1 shn.1' von, i-urai'ist tin motion of"
the Sinator from linnet^. wimHy because the
Senate Lave twice eiemvil rh«• gallery.
Mr. BRIGHT, The Chair hnvniir "rwni ,
order, there is no other inetnod of uispobina' of
the question except by executing n, unless tiie ;
Senate refuse to allow the order of the Senate to '
be executed. I think the applauding wrong, and i
express my disapprobation of it here, as i' have |
on all occasions,and 1 hope the order of the Chair :
will be executed. It is the only way to preserve j
order m this body. :
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I entirely concur m the j
disapprobation that is expressed by Senators of •
applauding, or showing approbation or disappro- j
nation m the galleries, but let us remember that,
by turning out these galleries now, we punish ten
or a hundred innocent persons for one offender.
I think, for the present, we may go along without
executing the order, and I hope the disturbance
Will be repeated no more.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand that the Chair
has ordered the galleries to be cleared?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ChairwiU
state to the Senator from Delaware, that the Chair
ordered the galleries to be cleared. Then there
was a motion made by the Senator from Illinois,
to suspend the order; and the question is on the
suspension of the order.
• Mr. BAYARD. I hope the order will be en-
forced. The Senate of the United States is liter-
ally turned into a theatei—nothing more, nothing
less. It will not do to say that you punish inno-
cent persons for guilty ones. There is no question
of punishment. The question is, whether, in a
deliberative body, you are to address arguments
to a deliberative body, or whether you are to ad-
dress them for the purpose of popular applause
to the galleries that surround you. If you mean
to conduct legislative proceedings upon the basis,
and the only basis, upon which a republican form
of government can ultimately stand, you must
show those who attend as spectators that you are
not to be trilled with by an abuse of the privilege
which you grant them of having galleiies in which
they may be presentto hear your debates. I hope
the order will be enforced; because, unless it is
enforced once, you never will stop it. You may
threaten, you may talk of clearing the galleries;
but enforce it once, and you will never afterwards
have these interruptions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
execution of the order will be suspended, and I
will go secuiity for the gallery that they will not
applaud any more. I should have been nearly
through my remarks by this time but for this
interruption. (
Mr. BRAGG. I will merely say for the in- i
formation of some who were not in the Senate at '
the tune, that the Chair gave distinct warning to :
the gallery that if the disturbance was repeated i
the gallery should be cleared. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator i
from North Carolina will allow me, I intended to j
say, at some proper time, that on the first breach ]
of order made in the gallery on the right of the ;
Chair, I did give adistinct warning, and a Senator j
then saw fit to rise and speak with somewhat, I j
thought, of censure, that the Chair did not per- j
emptonly enforce the order. The galleries were i
distinctly notified that if any thing of that sort took j
place again, they would be cleared. j
Mr. BRAGG. That is what I wanted to say, r
and it is after that distinct warning that the offense ji
has been repeated. r
Mr. B1GLER. I agree that the rules of the
Senate ou^ht to be observed. I have as much
concoi n for them, perhaps, as any member of this
body, and under uidmaiy circumstances I should
insist upon the execution of the order; but let us
remember that this js the last day of the session,
and the surroundings are very peculiar. I doubt
not that this present audience will hereafter remain
quiet and preserve the strict rules of the Senate.
1 hope, therefore, by general consent, we shall
allow the Senator from Tennessee to proceed with
his remarks without the execution of the order, 1
which, ills manifest, will take a longer time than j
it will for the Senator to conclude his remarks, j
We have no time to spare. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object was merely to j
call the attention of Senators to the fact that an
order has U>en executed but twice, when mere '
have been fifty violations; and the}7 weie both ex-
ecuted in ras.\$ where gentlemen were speaking ;
again?:! the views of the majority on this floor. If ■
the honciable Senator fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. !
BmiLp] will move to suspend the rules for the j
balance of the s-eysion, I shall not object to it; or 1
if he Will move that the audience shall have a right ;
to applaud speeches in favor of the Union and not 1
against it, I bhall not object to that: but it is not j
fair to aHow gentlemen to come here and see others i
applaud, and see that they are not interrupted, I
and then, when they happen to be entrapped into
applause at some time that does not suit some-
body, you will have the order executed. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky reminds us that
but a few offend. That was the case on former oc-
casions. There were perhaps twenty who created
the disturbance, and you cleaied the gallery of
five hundied mnou-nt spectators.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from North
Carolina insists that it is wrong to applaud for
the Union, and right to applaud for disunion in
this Chamber, I will withdraw rny motion.
Mr. CU'NGMAN. I state no such thing. The
honorable Senator from Illinois has, I suppose,
htmselfbeen applauded twenty times loudly, and
he took no exception to it; but in the two instances
in which the galleries were ordered to be cleared,
when speeches were made on anotherlineof pol-
icy, he allowed the order to be executed, and did
not interpose. What I desire the country to un-
derstand is, that I am opposed to any system like
this. Let us have uniform rules, anil execute
them uniformly.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to say that my sug-
gestion came from the impulses of myheart. The
Senator may put me to that test if he pleases; but
, I say with all frankness—and I claim to be a law*
abiding citizen, and a man who observes order—
that in that gallery, under all the surroundings, if
it were a question of Union, I should applaud be-
fore I knew what I was doing. I think hundreds
of these men have done so. I am willing to ex-
cuse them. I hope they will do so no more.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Picsident* J beg that the
galleries may be permitted to remain just as they
arc. It matters not, certainly to me, how often
they applaud. When gentlemen say,let the Union
be preserved, I say, let it be done on principles
of the Constitution; let it be done upon the prin-
ciples of right, justice, and equality; let every
State have her rights in the Union, and her right
to property enforced. Whether the audience in
the gallery like the doctrine or not, I maintain it.
Let them applaud the opposite, if they want to.
I want these gentlemen to remain here, and ap- *
plaud just when they please. It will not move
me a single bit. I am standing by the right, and
all the people on eartli could not move me one
inch, cither to the right or loft, from what I know
to be right. If all these gentlemen were friends,
and were to say, " you are right," it would not
influence me at all; and if they were all here with
weapons in their hand, more dangerous than the
Senator from Tennessee, thev would not move
me. I am going to stand by the right, by the
Constitution, and by the right of every State in
the Union, to let every man go to the Territory
with his property, and have it protected alike.
Any other Union than that is an insult; it is no
Union; it is unjust; it is unequal; it is that thata
brave man would never put up with, whether he
is from the North or the South. I should demand
the right and have it, and no more; but I would
demand that every State should have her full
rights. I hope, sir, thcit the galleries will not be
cleared.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a view of this ques-
tion which makes me desire that the order of the
Chair shall be enforced. Whoever occupies that
seat, whether it is the Vice Piesident of the Sen-
ate or the temporary occupant by delegation, he
represents the dignity of the body. He gives an
order, after notice to the audience that you choose
! to allow to collect hero under your rules, and for
! whom you have provided galleries; and after the
j notice is treated with contempt, and the order of
I the Chair disobeyed, he directs the galleries to be
cleared. Mr. President, I shall sustain the dig-
nity of the Chair. 1 am one of those who have
a profound respect for public sentiment; but I
neither care nor regard for one instant mere popu-
lar clamor. I am disposed to obey the laws and
I to enforce the law?3, as 1 understand the truedoc-
j tuneof enforccment;and I would enforce the rules
; of the Senate that cue necessary for the preserva-
! tion of the dignity of the body, and those rules
; of order &o essential for all the purposes for which
1 the body is constituted. I hope, sir, it will be
I carried into effect, and that the order of the Chair
| will not be rescinded by any vote of this body.
Mr. RICE. I hope the order of the Chair will
not be executed. I wish to state that there has
been applause on fifty different occasions during
this session, if not more, and the galleries, I be-
lieve, have been cleared but twice. I wish to state
further, that the Senate has been remiss in not
having stationed proper persons at the doors lead-
ing to the galleries, to see that no more were per-
mitted to enter than could be comfortably seated;
but our constituents have been invited here, and
speeches have been made upon this floor to the gal-
leries and not to the Senate. They are now crowd-
ed. These people come for the purpose of listening
