1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3^1
Are you prepared to inaugurate a system which
can only end in such a result ? Are you prepared
to attempt to force us by fire and sword to submit
to such a fate as this?
Your people have lived in the habitual violation
of the Constitution and laws of Congress, for
many years, to our serious injury, and we have
never invoked the doctrine of Federal coercion
against your States. Your Legislatures have
passed laws nullifyinga provision of the Federal
Constitution which ought to have secured pro-
tection to our rights. The members of your Le-
gislatures had to commit official perjury in voting
for these laws. And your Governors had to do
the same thing in signing and approving them.
And a number of your States have passed laws
to fine and imprison their own citi/.ens if they
should aid in executing the fugitive slave law—a
law passed in conformity with the requirements
of the Federal Constitution, and which has been
adjudged to be constitutional and binding on all,
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
During all the time your States have stood in
open rebellion against the Constitution and laws
of the country—and this in carrying out your
aggressive and hostile policy against us—we have
heard nothing of Federal coercion, not even from
■our northern friends who are now so ready to turn
the Federal bayonets against us. But now that
the southern States have determined that they can
stand these lawless and hostile aggressions on their
rights no longer; now that they have determined
not to live under a Government hostile to these
rights, and that their safety and self-preservation
require of them to resume the powers they had
delegated to the Federal Government for their
common good, but which are to be used under
Republican rule for their ruin, we hear contin-
ually from Republicans of the treason and rebel-
lion of the South; and they are loud and seemingly
sincere in their demands for the enforcement of the
laws by Federal guns. And 1 regret to see that
noithern Democrats, some of them, seem to be
equally forgetful of our wrongs, and of abolition
aggressions on our rights, and equally anxiousfor
this gunpowder enforcement of the laws, against
the authority of State sovereignty ill the exercise
of their highest and most sacred duties—the pro-
tection and defense of the rights of their own citi-
zens who can no longer look for security or pro-
tection under a Government to be administered by
hostile enemies under a violated Constitution.
But again: I wish to call your attention to an-
other point. What is to be the cfl'ect upon the
material prosperity, not of the South alone, but
upon the North, upon Great Britain, and upon
the whole of continental Europe, from the suc-
cess of your policy ? Let me ask you to con-
sider—for it would not seem that you have con-
templated it for yoursehes—this fact: during the
last year, the foreign exports from the southern
States amounted to $250,000,001). Of this amount
P00,000,000 consists in the exportation of the
single article of cotton. That cotton supplies the
material for your northern manufacturers of cot-
ion goods. It employs the millions of capital
engaged in that business. It employs the time
and services of hundreds of thousands of oper-
atives who work there. It employs the invest-
ments made in your northern cities in the shipping
in our coastwise trade and foreign commerce.
I,t employs the untold millions of English capital
engaged in the manufacture of cotton goods. It
employs the millions of English capital engaged
in the transportation of cotton, manufactured and
unmanufactured. Itsuppiies with bread the hun-
dreds of thousands of operatives employed in the
manufacture of these goods in England.
Now, suppose you succeed in striking down
Africnn slavery in the United States: you strike
down not only our prosperity in the South, and
inaugurate instead all the horrors of Africanized
barbarism under which the French antl British
West India colonies now suffer; you strike down
all the investments made in the manufacture of
cotton goods; you bankrupt your capitalists; you
be^o-ar your operatives; you bankrupt Great
Britain-, you beggar millions there; you inaugu-
rate starvation and fiimme in Great H11tain to an
extent tenfold beyond that which will be suffeted
here. You require of us unconditional submis-
sion. and if that is not rendered, you propose to
employ all the force of the Army and Wavy to
subjugate us.
Mr. CURTIS rose.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Iowa
will excuse me. I do not know of any one to
whom I would listen with more pleasure than to
the gentleman from Iowa, but my time will not
permit me to yield to interruption.
Mr. CURTIS. I merely want to put in a gen-
eral denial to all the propositions the gentleman is
stating.
Mr. ASHLEY. I call the gentleman from Iowa
to order.
Mr. REAGAN. I was going on to say that
you contemplate, as a part of the means of your
operations, the blockade of our ports. Well, I
grant that you have the ships, and you could
blockade our ports if none but ourselves were
concerned. But let me warn you in advance, that
like a distinguished general of a former war, you
will find a fire m the rear as well as in front when
you undertake to do it. Youi own people will
not peimit you to do it. Your commercial cities
will not permit you to do it. Your manufactur-
ers will not permit you to do it. But suppose
your people should be so demented as to allow
yon to destroy their interests: do you think Great
Britain would permit it? Will she permit you to
bankrupt her capitalists engaged in the manufac-
ture of cotton goods, and in the commerce grow-
ing out of cotton, and to starve her millions of
operatives? If your own interests, and all the
dictates of humanity and justice, will not induce
you to forbear from the madness and folly which
must produce such results, Great Britain and con-
tinental Europe will promptly require you to
raise the blockade of our ports.
Gentlemen, I mention these things, and you can
consider them if you think they "arc worth con-
sidering. We are dealing with questions which
involve not only our interests, but the interests
of all the civilized and commercial world.
You are not content with the vast millions^ of
tribute we pjy you annually under thr- operation
of our revenue law, our navigation laws, your
fishing bounties, and by making your people our
manufacturers, our merchants,our shippers. You
are not satisfied with the vast tribute wo pay you
to build up your great cities, your railroads, your
canals. You are not satisfied with the millions of
tribute we have been paying you on account of
the balance of exchange which you hold against
us. You are not satisfied that we of the South
are almost reduced to the condition of overseers
for northern capitalists. You are not satisfied
with all this; but you must wage a relentless
crusade against our rights and institutions. And
now you tender us the inhuman alternative of
unconditional submission to Republican rule on
abolition principles, and ultimately to free negro
equality and a Government of mongrels or a war
of races on the one hand, or on the other seces-
sion and a bloody and desolating civil war, waged
in an attempt by the Federal Government to re-
duce us to submission to these wrongs. It was
the misfortune of Mexico and Central and South
America, that they attempted to establish govern-
ments of mongrels, to enfranchise Indians and
free negroes with all the rights of freemen, and
invest them, so far as their numbers went, with
the control of those governments. It was a failure
there; it would be a failure here. It has given
them an uninterrupted reign of revolutions and
anarchy theie; it would do the same thing here.
Our own Government succeeded because none
but the white race, who are canaille of self-gov-
ernment, wore enfranchised with the rights of
freemen. Tno irrepressible conflict propounded by
abolitionism has produced now its legitimate
fruits—disunion. Free negro equality, which is
its ultimate object, would nuke us roenact the
scenes of revolution and anarchy we have so long
witnessed and deplored m the American Govern-
ments to the south of us.
We do not intend that you shall reduce us to
such a condition. But I can tell you what your
folly and injustice will compel us to do. It will
compel us to be free from your domination, and
more self-reliant than we have been. It will com-
pel us to assert and maintain our separate inde-
pendence. It will compel us to manufacture for
ourselves, to build up our own commerce, our
own gicat cilies, our own railroads and canals;
and to use the tribute money we now pay you
for these things for the support of a government
which will be friendly to oil our interests, hostile
to none of them. Let me tell ycui to beware lest,
your abolitionism and irrepressible-conflict states;
manship produce these results to us, and calami-
ties to you of which you dream not now. ,
The question again recurs, what has brought
abouttheperilouscondition ofthecountry? Why,
sir, to hear the taunts that are made to the South;
to hear the epithets of " treason," " rebellion,"
" revolt.;" to hear the declarations and preten-
sions made in the North, one would think that
the people of the South were a reckless, wayward
people, seeking only to do wrong. How? In
what? Let the question be echoeu and reechoed
all over the Union—all over the civilized world.
How? In what have the South done wrong?
Have they sought to violate the Federal Consti- ■
tution ? Have they sought to violate the l \ys ?
Have they asked you to sacrifice any material
interest? Have they asked you to sacrifice any
principle that is not in conflict with the Federal
Constitution and laws'? I wish this question could
go everywhere and sink into every heart, and be
answered by every human being. How have we.
done wrong? In what have we wronged you?
History is to answer the question; and it is to
answer it in the face of the consequences which
must follow.
1 stand here to-day to say that if there be
a southern State, or a southern man even, who
Jfould demand, as a condition for remaining in this
Union, any thing beyond the clearly specified guar-
antees of the Constitution of theUnited States as
they arc, I do not know of it. I can speak for
my own State. I think I have had intimate as-
sociation enough with her people to declare that
they have never dreamed of asking more than
their constitutional rights. They are, however,
unalterably determined never to submit to less
than their constitutional rights. Never; never,
sir! You can rely upon that, Mr. Chairman.
I know, sir, that we have been in the habit of
listening to each other under the impression that
speeches here were made alone for political effect.
[A man in the gallery here disturbed the House
by loud talking.]
The CHAIRMAN. If the disorder in the gal-
lery be repeated, the Chair will call the Speaker
to ln's place, in order that the disordeily person
or persons may be ejected. [Cries of" Put him
out!"]
The Doorkeeper then ejected the person who
had created the disorder.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, I was going
on to say that we demand nothing butwhat were
our clear constitutional rights. We will submit,
sir, to nothing less. Wc ask no concessions as
a mere favor tons. We demand our constitu-
tional rights. That, sir, is the language of free-
dom. We demand them, and we intend to have
them, in the Union or out of it.
I regret that in the course of this discussion an
assumption is made, and arguments are predicated
upon it, that it was simply a question whether
we have the right to rebel against the Federal
Government. Those arguments have seemed to
go upon the hypothesis that we neither knew nor
appreciated the blessings of this Union; but, on
the contrary, we hated and wished to destroy it.
And here 1 must say that, on yesterday, I was
deeply pained to hear certain arguments advanced
by the distinguished gentlemen from Illinois and
Ohio, [Messrs. McCi.ernand and Cox.] Then-
arguments seemed to proceed upon theassump-
tion I have stated. 1 was the more pained, sir,
because I have seen the gallant battles they have
foughtagainstabolitiomsmand the " irrepressible
conflict." I know their experience, their judg-
ment, and their capacity. I know, sir, that they
are representative men of a great and gallant
party. I felt profound regret to see such argu-
ments, proceeding upon such an assumption, come
from those gentlemen.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if I can I will correct
some of the errors upon which the arguments ad-
vanced against us seem predicated. Wedorightly
estimate the value of the Union. We do rightly
estimate the value of the blessings of thisGovern-
ment. We have loved and cherished the Union.
Nobody has a better right than I have, although
I say so myself, to make that declaration. I nave
loved the Union with an almost extravagant de-
votion. I have fought its battles whenever they
were to be fought in my section of the country.
1 have met every sectional issue, at home m my
