392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
section, and in my State particularly, which was
attempted to be forced upon the public mind, and
which I thought would mar the harmony of the
Democratic party. I have fought the battles of
the Union without looking forward to the conse-
quences. I have fought them in times when the
result for the Union seemed hopeless. If I could
believe we could have security of our rights within
the Union, I would go home and fight the battles
of the Union in the future with the same earnest-
ness and energy that I have done in times past.
While those gentlemen tender us war as the
'alternative, if we do not submit, yet, sir, not one
word is said in the way of rebuke to those of the
Republican party who have created the present
storm; no demand is made of the Republican party
to relinquish their unconstitutional encroach-
ments—to give up pretensions inconsistent with
our system of government and our political rights.
There appeal ought to be made, that our rights
should be given to us, and that we should be se-
cured in the enjoyment of them. Let that be done,
and no arm and no voice will be raised against
the Federal Union. Deny us our rights, and we
will face your messengers of death,and showyou
how freemen can die; or, living, how they can
maintain their rights. Mark that, sir !
Where, Mr. Chairman, is now our hope for
conciliation? Pennsylvania and Vermont have
already acted on the proposition to repeal thei^
personal liberty bills; and they have refused t<v
repeal those obnoxious and unconstitutional laws.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] stated, yes-
terday, that he thought those laws would be
repealed in Ohio.
Mr. HALE. There are no personal liberty
laws upon the statute-books of Pennsylvania. I
know the statement has been made, but it has
been corrected time and again.
Mr. REAGAN. X refer the gentleman to his
own statute-books.
Mr. MORRILL. Let me say a word for Ver-
mont.
Mr. REAGAN. I cannot allow myself to be
interrupted constantly.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to correct a state-
ment that the gentleman has made. I know that
he would not willingly misrepresent my State.
Vermont, sir, has not refused to repeal her per-
sonal liberty bills. The matter was referred to a
commission; and when that commission reports,
the Legislature will then, I have no doubt, act on
the subject.
Mr. REAGAN. They have not repealed the
personal liberty bill. That was my statement;
and thatstatcmentis notdenied. -I donotbelieve
that they will repeal them in the northern States.
It does not lie in the mouths of our northern friends
to ask us to believe thorn until they can promise
with ccitainty that those laws will be repealed.
We know that delay is death. We have already
experienced some of the fruits of delays.
We want to avert civil war if we can. Yet no
effort has been made to give us what, under the
Constitution, we ought to have. It is not pro-
posed to give us what will reasonably make the
southern people believe that they will have secu-
rity m the Union. No such proposition can be
made and sustained; because, to give us our rights
is to disband the Republican party. The exist-
ence of that paity depends upon violating the
Federal Constitution, and in making war upon
the institutions of the South. There is now an
irrepressible conflict; and either the Federal Gov-
ernment or the Republican party must end. * am
not here to palliate or to dodge one of the inevi-
table dangers that besetus. i am ready, for one,
to face them all: and 1 think that that is the bet-
ter course for us all to pursue. When we all do
that, then wc will have a just understanding of
our relative positions. You all know that we
cannot, and dare not, live in this Union, with our
rights denied by the Republican party. Its as-
cendency is our destruction; and, sir, its destruc-
tion this day is the only salvation for the Union.
I wiil now, for a moment, refer to the argu-
ments of the distinguished gentlemen from Illinois
and Ohio, [Messrs. McClernandand Cox.] As
one member of this House, I want to give them
an assurance that the anticipations they entertain,
and upon which they base their arguments, can
never be realized. I have been taught, from my
earliest instruction in the theory and practice of
our Government, that this is a Government of
consent and agreement, as contradistinguished
from a Government of force or a military despot-
ism. It is bound to be one or the other. Which
is it? It is a voluntary association of free, repub-
lican States, upon terms of equality, or it is a
military despotism, in which the Federal arm,
through its Army and Navy, can subdue the
States at will, and forcc them to submit, to any
grievance wMch may emanate from the Federal
Govern mentor other States. Which of these posi-
tions do my friends intend to assume? Assuming
the principle that the Federal Government has the
right to bind the States in all things, they go upon
the hypothesis that their interests and position
will require them to command the outlet to the
Gulf of Mexico and the forts upon the coast of
Florida. I do not rise for the purpose of denying
the right of passage to the Gulf; but I must ex-
press my regrets that they talk in advance of
cleaving their way to the Gulf by armies with
banners, before one man from all that country
has ever said that they should have any cause
for war. No one lias ever intended to deprive
them of the benefit of the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi. No one intends it to-day; sothatifwe
are trampled upon by force, let me proclaim to
them and to the country, that they must place
their action upon a different ground, because we
intend that they shall never have cause of war
upon that account.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman seems
to refer to my remarks of yesterday.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman did not say
so yesterday; but he did on a former day of the
session.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Never.
A Votce. It.was said by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigiiam.]
Mr. REAGAN. All I want to say is that our
interest is peace, and our hopes are for peace.
War is in opposition to all our interests and our
hopes. Wo want no war; and wc intend to give
no just cause for war, unless the attempt to sep-
arate ourselves peaceably from despotism, and to
take care of our rights under a friendly govern-
ment—and they would be destroyed under a hos-
tile government—is a cause for war. We declare
in advance that we will not interfere with yournav-
igation of the Mississippi nver. We know that
is necessary for you; but wc cannot, because
there may possibly be some conflict of interest
between us, consent to surrender our liberties
rather than assume the responsibility of organiz-
ing a government which will cover the lower part
of that river and the capes of Florida.
The gentleman from Illinois made a statement
yesterday, such as I suppose a gallant and heroic
man would make, if his proposition was prop-
erly predicated. lie said they could not submit
to the control of the mouth of the Mississippi and
the capes of Florida by us; that they would
rather perish—perish, he said, with emphasis—
than submit to any other Power controlling the
Mississippi, and commanding the coast of Flor-
ida. If such is his jealousy of the commercial
rights only of his own section; if he feels so keen
and sensitive a jealousy, what would he think of
us if, when our commerce, our homes, ourprop-
crty, our social and political possessions, for all
time to come, are imperiled, we should, like trem-
bling dastards, yield our rights ? A great heart like
his would never expect it; would never exact it.
We prefer liberty, and all its consequences, to a
temporary peace without honor; and the gentle-
man will justify us if, under such circumstances,
we toll the North, and tell the world that wc ac-
cept independence, with all its consequences, in
preference to base submission, dishonor, and irre-
trievable ruin. We shall have no cause of war.
My section sympathizes with the gentleman from
Illinois and his friends. They look upon them
as defenders of the Constitution; and it has been
my pride on many a stump, and in many a place,
to eulogize by name the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McCleiutand] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] with all their associates, for
their gallant conduct, their moral courage, their
heroic bearing, in standing up against northern
fanaticism, and resisting its onward wave to the
destruction of the Constitution, the Union, and
our rights. Now, what will our people say when
these speeches are printed And sent to them, and
they see that these gentlemen are the first in this
House who say that the assertion of our inde-
pendence, when we can no longer live in this Gov-
ernment, shall invoke the cannon, the rifle, the
saber, and all the instruments of war? What will
they say when they see that these gentlemen, who
have long resisted abolitionism, defied its power,
and been crushed down by its operations, are the
very first to surrender at discretion in the face of
the abolition enemy?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I belong to a particu-
lar association—a great party—that occupies a
distinct ground in this controversy upon the sla-
very question. We have been a Union party—
a constitutional party—organized against the two
extreme parties. We will not succumb to cither,
but continue to stand by the constitutional guar-
antees, as we have done in the past.
Mr. REAGAN. I would always have ex-
pected from the gentleman such a proposition. I
know the gentleman's position well; and what I
ask him to consider is, what has brought us to
our present condition ? If our rights had not been
denied us—if our condition had not been imper-
rilcd—no voice would have been raised in the
South for disunion. Will you compel us to sub-
mit to abolition behests ? Will you demand that
we shall submit to destruction at their hands? I
understand the position of those gentleman; but
I ask them to review their words, and determine
whether they are prepared to assert to the world
and to the American people, that there is no rem-
edy under this form of Government for the griev-
ances, wrongs, andoutrages inflicted upon aState;
that we shall, under this Government, have no
remedy; and that it is in the discretion of the Fed-
eral Government to turn against us the cannon
and the glittering saber. Is such the Government
under which we live? Is such the Government
for which Washington and his compatriots bat-
tled? Is such the Government framed by Jeffer-
son and Madison and their associates? No. It
is a Government of consent, a Government of
agreement, a voluntary Confederation, in which
no power was conferred to use force against a
State, in order to reduce her to subjection. In
the convention which framed it, a proposition of
such a character was offered and rejected by the
convention; and by the Constitution itself, Con-
gress can only exercise the powers specifically
delegated to it.
I have but one word more to say. I live far to
the South. We have a long Mexican boundary,
and a long Indian frontier, infested by hostile
savages throughout its whole extent; and yet this
Government has refused for years to defend ns
againstthem. We have along coast, too, open to
the approach of a naval force, and we know the
consequenccs of our acts, and we know what
may follow an attempt to take care of ourselves
and. our liberty; but we remember, at the same
time, the history of the past. Less than twenty-
five years ago Texas stood a province of Mexico,
with a population of not more than thirty thou-
sand, entitled to the privileges of Mexican citi-
zens, including all ages and sexes. We lived
under the Mexican Constitution of 1824, which
theTexans fought to sustain. That Constitution
was subverted by a military despot; and our lib-
erties were trampled in the dust. That despot
came against us with invading armies for our sub-
jugation. He intended to overawe us by the dis-
play of military power, as the President and Gen-
eral Scott aie now attempting to do with the
southern States. The thirty thousand people of
Texas resisted that power for the sake of liberty
and those rights to which we were entitled, trust-
ing to the God of battles and the justice of then-
cause. In that great struggle companies and bat-
talions fell to rise no more. They sank nobly for
freedom, as freemen will sink again forhercause
whenever you shall tender to us that alternative.
Upon the field of San Jacinto they won their lib-
eity by their brave hearts and their stalwart arms.
They vindicated that liberty for ten or twelve
years after; and then, as a pledge of their love to
this Union, and their confidence in its principles,
and desire for its prosperity and its happiness,
that people tendered Texas, a free and voluntary
offering, to come in as one of the States of the
Union, upon terms of equality with the other
States.
But we were told yesterday that we sold our-
selves. The gentleman did not mean exactly what
hid language would imply; but he must see how
offensive such kind of remarks must be to those
