1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio. That,
I believe, is not debatable.
Mr. THOMSON. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ. I think that is in order. [" Oh, no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jeisey adhere to his motion ?
Mr. THOMSON. Yes, sir; I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. JO'HNSON, of Arkansas. Before that is
put, allow me to suggest to the Senator, that if we
adjourn now we adjourn finally.
Mr. THOMSON. 1 move thafwe adjourn, or
take a recess, until seven o'clock this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks a motion for a recess is not in order. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. MASON. I am not aware that there is
any rule of the Senate by which a member can
move that the galleries be cleared. 1 understand
it to be the duty of the Presiding; Officer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will allow the Chair. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to lay the motion of the Seuator from Illinois on
the table.
Mr. BAKER. The whole subject.
Mr. MASON. I was only going to speak to
that to this extent: I do not see that there is any-
thing to be laid on the table. It was an order of
the Chair, to preserve the dignity of the Senate,
that the galleries should be cleared. I am not
aware that there is anything to be laid on the table.
Mr. WADE. If this question is debatable, I
lose the whole object I had in making the motion.
I supposed it was not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not debatable. The Chair will put it to the
Senate.
Mr CL1NGMAN. If it be in order, I—having
the permission of the Senator from Tennessee, i
who is on the floor—move that the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether the motion to lay on the table cairies the
order of the Chair with it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. BRIGHT. Clearly jiot.
Mr. BIGLER. Therefore it is of no conse-
quence.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw the motion, if that
is the decision of the Chair.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator fioin Illinois.
Mr. MASON. I ask permission to say this:
I am not aware of any rule of the Senate by
which a motion can be made to order the galleries
to be cleared-, I have no doubt it is in the power
of the Senate to do it; but it is certainly incum-
bent on the Presiding Officer to see that the order
of the Senate is preserved. If the Presiding Offi-
cer makes an order that the galleries shall be
cleared, 1 take it for granted that order must be
enforced, unless, by general consent, the Presid-
ing Officer of his own motion were to suspend it.
Senators around me know that there are few who
are more regardful of the order of the Senate
than 1 have been, and, I trust, ever shall be; but
I think the occasion has passed by, time has been
lobi; and I would suggest to the Presiding Offi-
cer, by general consent and acquiescence of the
Senate, to consider the order as having been sus-
pended for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not do that, because the yeas and nays have been
ordered, and the Senator from Delawaie distinctly
refused to withdraw the call.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will withdraw my motion,
if the sense of the Senate accord with the sugges-
of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BRIGHT. We can obviate the difficulty
that exists hy agreeing, by unanimous consent,
to take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I take it, by unanimous con-
sent. we can withdraw the call for the yeas and
navs,and then go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordeted.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not withdraw the call
for the vims and navs.
Mi. BIGLER. Let us vote. Senators will
get clear of the question much more promptly by
voting than in any other way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to sug-
gest to the Senate, that I think itabsolutely neces-
sary that we should have an executive session.
There are anumber of nominations entirely unex-
ceptionable, that can easily and readily be disposed
of. I therefore feel it my duty to make a motion
at this time, as perhaps the best relief we can get
from this matter, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take this occasion to say,
because I was not here at the commencement of
this difficulty, that as I understand the rules,
when the Chair orders the galleries to be cleared,
it is because there is disorder inconsistent with
proceedings. I desire the ear of the Chair itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
speaking to the Clerk, in reference to a question
that was on the mind of the Chair, and that was
this: the Senator from Vermont seemed to be
addressing himself to the question raised by the
motion of the Senator from Illinois; but the Sen-
ator from Arkansas has moved an executive ses-
sion, and the Chair thinks that that takes prece-
dence of the other motion, and is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I therefore ask
that we may have the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object even to that. I
insist that no motion of any kind can be enter-
tained, after an order to clear the galleries by the
Chair, until that order has been executed, not
even a motion to suspend the order; because it is
predicated on the idea that disorder is inconsistent
with the proceedings of the body; and therefore
the order must be executed that the body may
proceed. I object to all proceedings of this body
until that order is either executed or withdrawn.
I agree entirely with the Senator from Virginia,
that, by the very entertaining of these motions,
the occasion has ceased, order has been restored,
and it would be quite proper for the Chair to sus-
pend the further execution of it for .the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL, lam so clearly satisfied
that that motion is not in order, agreeing entirely
with the Senator from Vermont, that I must ob-
ject to its being entertained. I insist that, when
the Presiding Officer makes an order to clear the
galleiies, it must be executed, unless he himself
thinks proper, under circumstances subsequently
occurring, to modify or change it. Now come in
other motions and other business. That cannot
be m order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In deference
to what seems to be the opinion of gentlemen,
that it is better to carry on this contest, I with-
draw mv motion.
Mr. I'RUMBULL. Then I insist that the
order of the Chair be executed, unless the Chair
itself, (which I hope will be the case, since so
much time has transpired and order has been re-
stored,) of its own mere motion, by the unan-
imous consent of everybody, waives the execu-
tion of the order under the present condition of
things.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaircan-
not waive the execution of the order after the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois has been enter-
tained, and the yeas and nays have been ordered
on the motion of the Senator from Delaware: and
the Senator from Delaware will not withdraw the
call.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the ground I take is
correct, that motion of the Senator from Delaware
should not be entertained; it is itself out of order.
Mr. BAYARD. My motion cannot be out of
order to call the yeas and nays, unless the motion
of the Senator from Illinois is out of order to sus-
pend the execution of the order of the Chair.
Mr. COLLAMER. I uii&understood the Chair.
A motion to suspend the order was made; and by
whomsoever it may have been made—I wasnot in
order at that time—the motion itself should not be
entertained by the Chair. That-is my view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill
state that the Chair entertained that motion with
some doubt; but the motion has been entertained,
and there has been no appeal from the decision of
the Chair in entertaining the motion as in order.
The question, therefore, is on that motion. .
Mr. BIGLER. There is only one solution to
it. Let us have a vote, and that will end it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will appeal from the
decision of the Chair entertaining the motion to
suspend the rule. I say the motion itself ought
not to be entertained; and I appeal, therefore,
from the decision of the Chair entertaining it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be: whether the decision of the Chair shall
remain as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Vermont
should observe that the custom of this body alone
would make a law for the Presiding Officer. That
motion has been made here,and repeated. Fur-
thermore, it is perfectly competent for the body
to overrule any decision or any order of the Chair,
and perfectly competent for the body to suspend
its own orders. Now, sir, the only disposition
we can make, and that which we can make the
most promptly, is to vote on the motion offered
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. WADE. 1 have no doubt if we keep up
this debate a little longer, it will have just the
same effect as would the execution of the order;
for the audicnce, if they have any taste at all, I
think will be dispersed about as quick by this de-
bate as by the execution of the order, and there-
fore I care but little whether we keep on with the
debate or enforce the order.
Mr. MASON. I know that executive business
ought to be transacted; and I move, therefore,
that the Senate go into executive session; and on
that I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose this is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate, is on the appeal of the
Senator from Vermont, from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of that subject until to-morrow, and
then I shall move to go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Virginia that he con-
siders the motion to go into executive session in
order; but the other motion the.Cl'iair does not
consider in order on the question that is now be-
fore the Senate. Does the Senator make a motion
to go into executive session ?
Mr. MASON. Yes,sir; and I ask the yeasjtnd
nays upon it.
Mr. RICE. That is not in order. The only
motion that could be in order—and it is doubtful
whether that would be in order or not at this
stage of the proceedings—would be a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I raise this question: the
Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the floor,
and nobody can deprive him of it. You may sus-
pend proceedings in order to clear the galleries,
but you cannot take the floor from the Senator
from Tennessee to go into executive session, or
to adjourn, or for any other purpose. He's en-
titled to the floor for every purpose, except clear-
ing the galleries.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the question
now before the Senate is on the appeal made by
the Senator from Vermont from the decision of the
Chair. I had not thought of the question at first.
I think the honorable Senator from Vermont is
right. The motion made by the Senator from
Illinois was out of order. By the rules of this
body, the Chair is to preserve order; and you might
as well pretend to suspend any of your rules as
suspend the order of the Chair by a motion made
in the Senate, when there is no authority given to
any member to make such a motion by your
rules. I believe the decision of the Chair is abso-
lute in that respect, and no member, nor the Senate
itself, unless it chooses to change the rules, can
suspend the oider to clear the galleries; and there-
fore I bhail vote to sustain the appeal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I proposed a few minutes
a^o to withdraw my motion, and the Senator re-
fused because the yeas and nays had been ordered,
and now he is arguing that the motion I wanted
to withdraw is out of order. *1 think, if that is so,
he ought to let me withdraw it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr, President, the honorable
Senator may desire to put me, if he pleases, in an
inconsistent position. That may bo the result,
for aught I know; but it is not fair. 1 stated ex-
pressly, that my attention had not been called to
