1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the question of order before. The question of
order necessarily supersedes every other. If the
motion was not in order, of course, the decision
of the Chair must stand, and the whole of the rest
of the proceedings fall. The honorable Senator
from Vermont has made the question of order;
and it has never occurred to me before, whether
the motion of the honorable Senator fiom Illinois
was in order under the rules of the body, I think
the honorable Senator from Vermont right-, there-
fore, I must vote to sustain the appeal which he
makes, that, the Chair having given the order, it
is not competentfor the Senator from Illinois, nor
any other member, to move to suspend the execu-
tion of the order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will assure the Senator
from Delaware that I was governed by no per-
sonal feeling, and made the suggestion to him in
' kindness and good faith. If he thought my motion
was out of order, certainly he ought to pel mit me
to withdraw it.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have stated to the honorable
Senator thut when I insisted on the call for the
yeas and nays, the question of order had not boon
brotight to my mind at all. I had not then thought
of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If that be so, permit me to
withdraw it; and that will end the controversy.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to end
this controversy in that way. Believing, as a ques-
tion of Older, that the motion is out uf oidei, I
have no objection to its being withdiawn.
Mr. DOtlGLAS. Then 1 withdraw it.
Mr. COLLAMJER. 1 understand motion
is withdrawn; and now 1 suggest very respect-
fully to the Chair, order having been entirely ic-
stored, that the Chair withdraw the order to clear
the gallery.
Mr. BRIGHT. Allow me to make one remark.
I wish to say, with due deference to the opinion
of the Chair, thai I think tne Chair was drawn
into an error by the motion of the Scnatoi fium
Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk.) If
the Senator from Indiana will allow him, the Chair
was about to state, that, on reflection, he is satis-
fied that he ought not to have entertained the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois at all; and, from
•tins course of reflection, the Senator from Ten-
nessee was entitled to the floor. The distuibunre
occurred during the remarks of the .Senator fi om
Tennessee. The Chan pnxeeded to enfoice the
order that it had announced it would enforce if
there slu uid be disturbance in the galleries aj>ain.
The Chair made the order. Then, the Senator
from Tennessee having the floor, and las occu-
pancy of the floor being; only interrupted by the
Chair attempting to enforce the oidei, It was not
in order for the Chair to have allowed the motion
of the Senator from Illinois to suspend the order
for clearing the galleries. Theicfore, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois lias withdrawn his motion, the
Chair will now suspend Ins ordei, h<-he\in^ th,it
that will meet the views of the Sennit'; and the
Chair will state again, in the hearing of the gal-
leries, that, if the disturbance occurs again, the
galleries will be cleared, and no motion to suspend
that order will be allowed until the galleries are
cleared. The Senator from Tennessee is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think we can now n'_n'ee,hy
unanimous consent, to take a recess until seven
o'cio< k.
Mr. MASON. I hope not. We had better not
hai e a recess
"Mi. BfMGfTT. If yon object, wo cannot.
Mr. MASON. 1 t.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 'J'be Senator from Tennes-
see, I suppose, has the lloor; otherwise, I wanted
to soy something.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent, I was going on to remark, in reference to a
general allusion to treason, that if individuals
were pointed out to me who were engaged m
mgntly conspiracies, m secret conclaves, and is-
suing orders directing the capture of our forts and
the taking of our custom-houses, I would show
who were the traitors; and that being done, the per-
sons pointed out coming within the purview and
scope oi the provision of the Constitution which
I have read, were J the President of the United
States, I would do as Thomas Jefferson did, m j
}80Gj with Aaron Burr: I would have them ar- i
rested; and, if convicted, within the meaning and
scope of the Constitution, by the Eternal God I
would execute them. Sir, treason must be.pun-
ished. Its enormity and the extent and depth of
the offense must be made known. The time is
not distant, if this Government is preserved, its
Constitution obeyed, and its laws executed in
every department, when something of this kind
must be done.
The Senator from Oregon, in his remarks, said
that a mind that it required six weeks to stuff could
not know much of anything, tie intimated that I
had been stuffed. 1 made my sppoch on the 19th
of December. The gentleman replied. I made
another speech, and now he has replied again;
and how long has ho been " stuffing?" How
often has he been 44 stuffed ?" [Laughter.] He
has been stuffed twice; and if the stuffing oper-
ation was as severe and as laborious as the de-
livery has been, he has had a troublesome time of
it, for his travail 1ms been great,and the delivery
remarkable. [Laughter.]
Again: he speaks of tiiumphant ignorance and
exulting stupidity. In the West, where my friends
Senator Douglas and Senator Bright are famil-
iar, we sometimes do what we call "sawing a
crosscut." It always requires two to perform
the operation well. Reparteeand satire, too,arc
not limited to one. I have no disposition to in-
dulge in them; and, in fact, J think it is unsena-
torial. Whatever may be the ehaiactcr of my
mind, I have never obtrusively made it the subject
of consideration. I may, nevertheless, have ex-
hibited now and then the " exulting stupidity and
triumphant ignorance" of which the Senator has
spoken. Great and magnanimous minds pity
ignorance. The Senator from Oregon, rich in
intellectual culture, with a mmd comprehensive
enough to retain the wisdom ot ages, and an elo-
quence to charm a listening Senate, deplores mine;
but he should also be considerate enough to re-
gard my humility. Unpiotcnding in my igno-
rance, 1 am e.ontcnt to gaze at his lofty flights and
glorious daring, without aspiring to accompany
him to regions for which my wings have not been
plumed, nor.my eyes fitted. Gorgeously bright
aie those fair fields in which he revels. To nie,
alas! his heaven appeals but as murky regions,
dull, opaque, leaden. My pretension has been
simply to do my duty to my Slate and to my
country.
The Senator has thought pioper to lefer to the
action of my State; and I maybe permitted to
remaik, that we in the South understand some
t hi rigs as we'l ns they ai e undeistood m the Noi th;
and when we find one who calls himself a north-
ern man, who boasts of Ins position there, mak-
ing gie.it pi ofessions of friendship, greater attach-
ment to our institutionsand our inteiests than we
do ourselves, in some minds it may have a ten-
dency to excite suspicion. The Senator from
Oiegonis more southern than the South itself.
He has taken under Ids wing of protection the
peculiar guardianship ot the southern Stater?, and
ius every utterance is upon the equality of the
States, their rights in the Union, or their inde-
pendence out of it. I think Dr. Johnson advised
that when a man comes to your house, and nmkes
great professions of his punty, his uprightness of
purpose, his exalted character, of being far above
suspicion and imputation, if you have any silver-
ware, hide it. When northern Senators and north-
ein gentlemen make greater professions of devo-
tion to our institutions than we do ouikelvt-s,our
suspicions cue somewhat excited.
The Senator lias alluded to the reuon of my
State; he has commented upon my oevofiop. to
lie- people; helms been 11 wewm g my poi meal
history, and Ins penetrating mind has i'.nied to
discover anything extraordinary in it. Tnat may
be. My political history cannot be comparable
with his. He has not discovered that 1 ever intro-
duced or projected any greot measure except the !
il homestead to that I had given go at attention
and labor. To the homestead policy I may infer
that he was opposed. I believed it was a benefi-
cent measure. I thought it was important that
every honest and industrious head of a family in
this Republic should have a home and an abuhn<r j
plane for his wife and chiidien. i think so still. I
1 can well remember the peiiod of time at which j
1 could exult in the assurance that i had a home j
for my family; and 1 know how to sympathize I
with those who are not so oh\st. Less gnted than j
the Senator from Oregon, I did not perceive that
when, in the Senate, or House of Representa-
tives, or before the people, I advocated a meas-
ure that I thought had a tendency to alleviate and
ameliorate the condition of the great mass of man-
kind, I was incurring the censure that is due to a
crime. Lamentably devoid of his wisdom, if I
had succeeded in accomplishing the great object
I contemplated, the measure of my ambition would
have been full. I have laboied for it long; I labor
still. In 1846 it was introduced into the House
of Representatives with but two friends. In 1852
it received a two-thirds vote of that House. It
came to the Senate of the United States, and during
the last session of Congress thirty-eight Senators
voted for it, and but eight against it. The Sena-
tor from Oregon himself, though he doubted and
wavered, recorded his vote for it; but he is op-
posed to it now. I think it was one of the best
acts of his life; and if it had succeeded, I think it
would have been better for the country.
But he seems to intimate that I have been voting
and acting with some that are not quite as south-
ern as are some others. Sir,look atthe Senator's
course this morning. Who has tried to defeat the
measures that are so well calculated to restore
peace? Who is trying to eject the olive branch
that has been brought into the Senate ? Why does
he not stand with his colleague from Oregon when
this measure of peace is held out to the country?
But lie refers to what has been the action of my
State. Well, sir, we all know that theissue was
directly made; and what is the result? Tennessee
has spoken in language not to be misunderstood?
She has spoken in thnndertones thatsho isagainst
violations of the Constitution and treasonable
schemes, which have resulted in breaking up the
Government. The Senator assumes a special
guardianship over Tennessee. He had better try
to take care of Oregon, and leave my colleague
and myself, and the Representatives from Ten-
nessee, to attend to Tennessee affairs. Where
docs he stand ? His colleague is in favor of meas-
ures to restore peace and sustain the country, and
he is against them; and did it occur to him that
others might ask how he stood with the people of
Oregon ? Tennessee stands redeemed, regenerated,
and disenthralled by the exercise of the elective
fianclnse, that glorious lightning-rod that con-
ducts the thunder of tyrants off the heads of the
people. If th$ people of our sister States had
enjoyed the same privilege of going to the ballot-
box, and passing their judgment upon the ordi-
nances of secession, I believe more of them would
have stood with Tennessee to-day than now stand
with her. But the people have been overslaughed,
a system of usurpation lias been adopted, and a
reign of terror instituted.
The Senator is exceedingly solicitous about
Tennessee. I ani inclined to think—I do not in-
tend to be censorious or personal, bwt entirely
senatorial—that at twelve o'clock, on Monday
next, or a few minutes before, when the hand of
the dial is moving round to mark lhat inipoitant
point of tunc, instead of thinking about the action
of my State, he may soliloquize with Cardinal
Wolsoy:
11 "Nay, then, farewell '
II I have touch'd the highest point of nil my greatness ;
lj And, fiom that full mcMciKin ot my glory,
| [ i lia^te now to my setting : J shall fall
ij Like a bright exhalation in the evening,
!i Ami no man see m<* moie.''
!] If the Senator has received the news fromTen-
j nessee, it it hps broken upon his mind, he may
feel }ike Macbeth, when told by Macduff thai he
I j was net of woman bom:
Acuiffd be tint to g'l'1 that !• il- me
ij J'Vi u h.u') ti/u M n!\ |. -il
; A;«(i bo Uie-.e jpgiiitii/ fi.'iidv int moie h<-he\ 'rf,
: Tli.it p.illei With Us lit .t (ioniije xcii-c
j Tuat Keep the woui oi jiiotm-se to our eai,
And bieak u to om hop^."'
Yes, sir, I alluded to treason and traitors; and
while 1, her humble representative, was speaking,
Tennessee sent an echo back, m tones of thun-
der, that has carried tenor and dismay through
the whole camp of traitors.
The Senator has alluded to my political course.
What had that to do with the pending question?
I did not ottack the Senator from Oregon; he has
attacked me. i had not even made an allusion to
him m my speech, except in genera! terms; but
he mqanes into mv consistency. How consist-
ent has lie boon 3 'We know how he stands upon
