1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
popular or squatter sovereignty. On that subject,
he spoke at Concord, New Hampshire, where he
maintained that the inhabitants of the Territories
were the bestjudges; that they were the very peo-
ple to settle ail these questions-, but when he came
here,at the last Congress, he could make a speech
in which he repeated, I cannot tell how many
times, " the equality of the States, the rights of
the States in the Union, and their rights out of
the Union;" and he thus shifted his course. If
the conflict between his speech made in Concord
in 1856, and his speech made here on the 25th day
of May last, can be reconciled, according to all
rules of construction, it i& *air to reconcile the con-
flict. If the discrepancy u so great between his
speech made then and his speech on the 25th of
May last, of course the discrepancy is against
him-, but I am willing to let one speech set off the
oilier, and to make honors easy, so far as speech-
making is concerned.
Then, how does the matter stand? There is one
speech one way, and there is another speech the
ether way. Now, we will come to the sticking
point. You have seen the equivocation to-day.
You have seen the cuttle-fish attempt to becloud
the Welter and elude the grasp of his pursuer. I
intend to stick to you here to-day, as close and
as tight as what I think 1 have heard called some-
where " Jew David's Adhesive Plaster." How
does your vote stand as compared with your
speeches ? Your speeches being easy, I shall throw
in the scale against you the weight of what you
swore. How does that matter stand? I intend
to refer to the record. By referring to the record,
it will be found that Mr. Clingman offered the
following as an amendment to the fourth resolu-
tion of the scries introduced by Mr. Dams:
" Resolved, That ihe eMstm^eonditson of the Teiritonos
of the Lulled SMa.U*s doe*, not require tin; iutcncntion of
Concurs lor the ptoteeUon ot piopeity 111 slaves.*'
What was the vote on the amendment pro-
posed to that resolution by Mr. Brown, to strike
out the woid '*not " I want the Senator's at-
tention, for 1 am going to stick to him, and if he
can get away fi <>m ine he has got to obliterate the
records of his eountiy. How would it read, to
strike out the word "not*"
k<That the exi-ting condition of the Tmitoiie? of the
United Stares, does ipqiure the intervention of Congiess
fur the protection of piupeity in slaves."
Among those who \oted against striking out
the woid " not," who declared that protection of
slavery in the Teriuories l>y legislation of Con-
gress was unnecessary, was the Senator from
Oiegon. When wasthat; On the 25th day of May
last. The Senafoi, under the oath ot his office, de-
clared that legislation was not necessary. Now
where do we find him? Here is a proposition to
amend the Constitution, to protect the institution
of slavery m the Stains, and here is the proposi-
tion brought forward by the peace conference,
and we find the Senator standing against the one,
and 1 believe hu lecoided Ins vote against the
other.
Bat, let ui travel along. We have only applied
one side of this plaster. The Senator voted that
it was not necessary to legislate by Congress for
the protection of slave property. Mr. Brown then
offered the amendment to the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Davis, to strike out all after the word
"resolved" and to insert in lieu thereof:
k-Tliai ox;)' uersce having ahe.idv shown that the Tonsti-
tntion ana th<- common law, u:i tided by sututoiv enact-
ment, do not filfotd adequate and Mifhcient piouetion to
slave ptopm> —ome ot the Turiiortes bavins tailed, otheis
having refused, to pa><3 bueh enactments—it lias become
Hit duty ot Con-iro- lo mt'-ipo-o, and pass such luw  as.
will affnjcj m viave piopeity m the Teiritoiies that piotec-
tioa which is <nven to other kinds ol property,*"
We have heard a great deal said here to-day of
u othei kinds," and every description of prop-
erty. There is a naked, clear proposition. Mr.
Biiown say* it is needed; that the court and the
common law do not give ample protection; and
then the Senator from Oregon is called upon; but
what is his vote: We find, in the vote upon this
amendment, that but three Senators voted for it;
and the Senator from Oregon records his vote, and
says " no;" it shall not be established; and every
southern man, save three, voted against it also.
When was that5 On the 25th day of May last.
Here is an amendment, now, to protectand secure
the States against any encroachment upon the
institution v, ithm the States; and tliere the Sena-
tor from Oregon swore that no further legislation
was necessary to protect it in the Territories.
Well, his speeches in honors being easy, and he
having sworn to it in the last Congress, I am
inclined to take his oath in preference to his
speeches, and one is a fair set-off against the
other. Then, all the amendments being voted
down, the Senate came to the vote upon this res-
olution:
" That if experience should at any time prove that the
judicial and executive authority do not possess means to
insure adequate protection to constitutional rights in aTer-
ntory, and if the territorial government should fail or re-
fuse to provide the necessary lemedies for that purpose, it
will be the duty of Congress to supply such deficiency,
within the limits of its constitutional powers."
Does not the resolution proceed upon the idea
that it was not necessary then; but if hereafter
the Territories should refuse, and the courts and
the common law could not give ample protection,
then it would be the duty of Congress to do this
thing ? What has transpired since the 25th day
of May last? Is not the decision of the court
with us? Is there not the Constitution carrying
it there > Why was not this resolution, declaring
protection necessary, passed during the last Con-
gress? The presidential election was on hand.
J have been held up, and indirectly censured,
because I have stood by the people; because I
have advocated those mcasui es that are sometimes
called demagogical. I would to God that wehad
a few more men here who were for the people in
fact, and who would legislate in conformity with
their will and wishes, if we had, the difficulties
and dangers that surround us now, would bo post-
poned and set aside; they would not be upon us.
But in May last, we could not vote that it was
necessary to pass a slave code for the Territories.
Oh, no; the presidential election was on h<\nd.
We were very willing then to try to get northern
votes; to secure their influence 111 the passage of
resolutions; and to crowd some men down, and
let others up. It was all very well then; but since
the people have determined that somebody else
should be President of the United States, all at
once the grape has got to be very sour, and gen-
tlemen do not have as good an opinion of the
people as they had before; we have changed our
views about it. They have not thought quite as
well of us as we desired they should; and if I
could not get to be President or Vice President
of all these United States, rather than miss it al-
together, J would be perfectly willing to be Pres-
ident of a pai t; and therefore we will divide—yes,
we will divide. I am in favor of secession; of
breaking up the Union; of having the rights of the
States out of the Union: and as I signally failed
in being President of all, as the people have de-
cided against me, we have reached that precise
point of time at which the Government ought to
be broken up. It looks a little that way.
I have no disposition, Mr. President, to press
this controversy further. If the Senator from Ore-
gon is satisfied with the reply he has made to my
speech or my speeches, I am more than satisfied.
I am willing that Ins speeches and mine shall go
to the country; and, as to the application and un-
derstanding of the authorities that are recited by
each, I am willing to leave an intelligent public
to determine that question. I shall make no issue
with him on that subject. I feel—and I say it in
no spiut of egotism—to-day that, in the reply I
made to his speech, I vanquished every position
he assumed; I nailed many of his statements to
the counter as spurious com; and I felf that I had
the arguments, that I had the authority; and so
feeling, I know when I have my victim within
my grip. I know an argument that cannot be ex-
plained away, and a fact that cannotbe upturned.
The Senator felt it; 1 know he felt it from the
feeling he has manifested, from the manner in
which he has nursed his feelings and his wrath
until this occasion, to pour them out. Yes, sir.
in that contest, figuratively speaking, I impaled
him, and I left him quivenng. He felf it. I saw
it; and I have no disposition now, in concluding
what little I am going to say, to mutilate the dead
or add one single additional pang to the tortures
of the already politically damned. I am a hu-
mane man; I will not add one pang to the intol-
erable sufferings of the distinguished Senator from
Oregon. [Laughter.] I sought no conlroyeisy
with him; i have made no issue with him: it has
been forced upon me. How many have attacked
me; and is thei f a single man, noi th or south, who
is m favor of this glorious Union, who has dared
to make an assault on me? Is there one? No;
not one. But it is all from secession; it is aU
from that usurpation where a reign of terror has
been going on.
I repeat again,the Senator has made a set-toon
me. I am satisfied, if he is. I am willing that his
speech and mine shall go to the country, and let
an in telligent people read and understand, and see
who is right and who is wrong on this great issue.
But, sir, I alluded to the fact that secession has
been brought about by usurpation. During the
last forty days, six States of this Confederacy
have been taken out of the Union; how? By the
voice of the people? No; it is demagogism to
talk of the people. By the voice of the freemen
of the country? No. By whom has it been done ?
Have the people of South Carolina passed upon
the ordinance adopted by their convention? No;
but t\ system of usurpation was instituted, and a
reign of terror inaugurated. How was it in Geor-
gia? Have the people there passed upon the or-
dinance of secession ? No. We know that there
was a powerful party there, of passive, conserv-
ative men, who have been overslaughed, borne
down; and tyranny and usurpation have tri-
umphed. A convention passed an ordinance to
take the State out of the Confederacy; and the
very same convention appointed delegates to go •
to a congress to make a constitution, without con-
sulting the people. So with Louisiana; so with
Mississippi; so with all the six States which have
undertaken to form a new confederacy. Have
the people been consulted ? Not in a single in-
stance. We are in the habit of saying that man
is capable of self-government; that he has the right,
the unquestioned right, to govern himself; but
here, a government has been assumed over him;
it has been taken out of his hands, and at Mont-
gomery a set of usurpers are enthroned, legislat-
ing, and making constitutions and adopting them,
without consulting the freemen of the country.
Do we not know it to be so ? Have the people of
Alabama, of Georgia, of any of those States, passed
upon it? No; but a constitution is adopted by
those men, with a pro\ ision that it may be changed
by a vote of two thirds. Four votes, in a conven-
tion of six, can change the whole organic law of
a people constituting six States. Is not this a
coup d'etat equal to any of Napoleon ? Is it not
a usurpation of the people's rights? In some of
those States, even our stars and our stripes h&Ve
been changed. One State has a palmetto, another
hasapelican, and the last that I can enumerate on
this occasion, is one State that has the rattlesnake
run up as an emblem. On a former occasion, I
spoke of the ongin of secession: and I traced its
early history to the garden of Eden, when the
serpent's wile and the serpent's wickedness be-
guiled and betrayed our first mother. After that
occurred, and they knew light and knowledge,
when theirLord and Master turned to them, they
seceded, and hid themselves from his presence.
The serpent's wile and the serpent's wickedness
first slatted secession; and now, secession brings
about a return of the serpent. Yes, sir; the wily
serpent, the rattlesnake, has been substituted as
the emblem on tin4 flag of one of the seceding
States; and that old flag, ihe stars and the stripes,
under which our fathei s fought and bled and con-
quered, and achieved our rights and our liberties,
is pulled down and trailed m the dust, and the
rattlesnake substituted. Will the American peo-
ple tolerate it? They will be indulgent; time, I
think, is wanted; but they will nousubmic to it.
A word more m conclusion. Give the border
States that security which they desire, and the
time will come when the other States will come
back, when they will be brought back—how? Not
by the coercion of the border Slates, but by the
coercion of the people; and those leaders who have
taken them out will fall beneath the indignation
and the accumulating force of that public opinion
which will ultimately crush them. The gentle-
men who have taken those States out are liot the
men to bring them back.
I have already suggested that the idea may have
enteied into some minds,Ci if we cannot get to be
President and Vice President of the whole United
States, we may divide the Government, set up a
new establishment, have new offices, and monop-
olize them ourselves when we take our States out.55
Here we see a President made, a Vice President
made, cabinet ofacorsappoiuted, and yet the great
mass of the p. ople not consulted, nor tneirassent
