1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tivc slave law, I am happy and proud to say theft
New Jersey, my own State, lias not followed
their bad and prejudicial example. Although a
majority of her citizens are opposed to the exist-
ence of slave labor on their own sacred and blood-
dyed soil, yet they have not been unmindful to
observe all the requirements of the Federal Con-
stitution, and what is due to the full protection
and enjoyment of sou them rights under that sacred
instrument. In that instrument a provision was
inserted providing for the return of the fugitive
slave to his master; and had it not been, the Fed-
eral Constitution would never have been adopted.
If there had been no such provision, them would
have been no protection to the master of his slave
property. New Jersey, then, ever obedienttothe
requirements of that Constitution, having been
among the first to ratify and adopt it as the su-
preme law of the land, has never sullied her patri-
otic and fair name by the enactment of what are
called personal liberty bills, or any other bills
which conflict with and obstruct its provisions.
There may be some objections among her people
to the present fugitive slave law; but all, Repub-
licans and all, I fully believe, are in favor of its
enforcement. And, sir, I cannot but here allude
to one of the most able and distinguished sons of
New Jersey, and one of the best representatives
of Republican sentiment 111 that State, who, dur-
ing the last presidential contest, maintained in his
public speeches the constitutionality of a fugitive
slave law, although he entertains some objections
to the present one. I allude, sir, to Hon. William
L. Dayton, who is prominently spoken of in con-
nection with Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, whose tal-
ents, constitutional learning, integrity of purpose,
devotion to the Union, urbanity and dignity of
manner, would, in my opinion, not only grace,
hut give great strength and character to that Cab-
inet.
Not only, sir, has New Jersey not tarnished
her fair name and records with nullifying laws,
but she has adopted a fugitive slave law of her
own, which is full and complete m ail of its pro-
visions, for the faithful return of the slave on de-
mand and due proof of ownership. It is unneces-
sary here to recite those provisions; but they are all
any slaveholder could desire for the protection of
his property. But, sir, she has gone still further
to manifest a kind and fraternal feeling towards
her sister States of the South, in providing for
any person, not an inhabitant of licr State, who
shall be traveling to or from, or passing tlnough
it, or coming into it, from any other of the United
States, and having a temporary residence therein,
to bring with him or her any slave or servant;
and on removal or leaving the State, to take such
slave or servant out of it; the number, however,
of such slaves or servants not to exceed the usual
number of personal or household slaves or ser-
vants which may be kept and maintained by such
traveler or temporary resident.
After such an exhibition of fidelity to the Fed-
eral Constitution, and of fraternal feeling towards
the South on the part of New Jersey, it ought, at
least, to satisfy the most infuriated disuniomstthat
the whole North is not abohtionizcd, as he most
unjustly supposes, before he strikes a deadly blow
at the Government, disrupting every tie Vhich
binds it together.
But it is demanded thatthe northern States which
have adopted these personal liberty bills should
at once repeal "them, as a condition of the South
remaining in the Union. Now, I wish with all my
heart that these laws were repealed, on the ground
of justice to the South, and obedience to the Fed-
eral Constitution; but whether they will be re-
pealed or not is yet to be seen. In my opinion,
they will be. Already steps have been taken in
some of the northern States for that purpose. Let
the South proceed and make their appeal to north-
ern men, and show the injustice and unconstitu-
tionality of these laws, and they may in this way
be able to create a reaction in public opinion, and
effect their object. There is a sense of justice and
of right in the northern breast which may be
strongly appealed to; and through it is a more
likely way for the South to effect their object than
by any threats and efforts to dissolve the Union.
The mass of the people at the North, no matter
to what political party they belong, intend to do
right, and will do right, if the clear way is only
pointed out to them by calm reason and convinc-
ing argument. But they are no more to be driven
and frightened than the men of the South. What
they do will depend on sober reflection and an
honest conviction of right, duty, and justice.
However objectionable these personal liberty
bills may be, yet, in fact, what great injury or
loss have they occasioned to the South ? Has not
the fugitive slave law, as a general thing, been
faithfully carried out? Are not the fugitive slaves,
except in a few instances, on demand and satis-
factory proof, delivered up to their masters ? And
suppose a few have escaped: is their number or
value of sufficient consequence to outweigh the
blessings and worth of the Union, and a sufficient
cause for its dissolution ?
But what fear is there,as far as Mr. Lincoln is
concerned, that the fugitive slave law will not be
fully observed. In the first place, he has declared
in favor of such a law; and secondly, he will be
sworn to see the laws of the Government faithfully
executed; and if he does not, he will prove false to
his oath of office. May we not, then, safely take it
for granted, both from his declarations and the
oath of office he will be called upon to assume, that
the fugitive slave law will be safe in his hands,
and that all the fears of the South in this respect
are wholly groundless.
Another ground of apprehension on the part of
southern men is, that they will be deprived of
what they conceive to be their just rights in the
common Territories of the Government. It is
maintained that southern men have an equal right
with those of the North to go into the Territoiies
and take with them their slave property. Now
it is all true that the Territories are open and
common to all, from the North and South, East
and West; and I should like to know into what
Territory the slaveholder is now prevented by
any law of Congress from taking his slave prop-
erty. None, sir; none. Nor will there be any such
law enacted under the administration of Mr. Lin-
coln. The Senate and next House of Represent-
atives will be against the passage of any such law;
and there is the Supreme Court of the United
States to pronounce it, if passed, to be unconsti-
tutional, as it has already done. It is the height
of folly and madness, then, for southern men to be
rushing out of the Union, and turning their backs
upon the Government, and bidding it defiance, be-
fore they nre "actually deprived of any of, what
they consider, their constitutional rights.
This question of congressional prohibition is
now, I think, at em end. I do not believe that the
Republican party will press it, or make any elfort
to have it established as the law of our Govern-
ment; for the reason that they must sec the utter
impossibility of effecting their object without a
destruction of that Government, it is not forme
to dictate to that party what course to pursue in
the present critical and dangerous condition of
the country: but I know what I would do if a
member of that party. It would be to fall back
upon some fair and constitutional method, by
which the disturbing question of slavery in the
Territories might be settled and put to rest for-
ever. Is it not high time., for the preservation of
the peace and perpetuity of the Union, that this
was done? This question has long been the chief
cause of sectional agitation, and of arraying the
South against the North, until the country now
stands on the very brink of ruin; and as long as
we have two great sectional parties—the one de-
manding the protection of slavery in the Territo-
ries, and the other its prohibition—there will be
constant strife, vehement declamation, and wild
threats of disunion—disturbing the peace and en-
dangering the stability of our Republic. Let us
now arrest this great and dangerous evil; and if
once this question of slavery in the Territories is
permanently settled, our country will bound on
with renewed energy, and with giant strides, to
still further and grander heights of greatness and
glory. And now, that the great leader of the Re-
publican party has spoken in such sweet strains
of conciliation and peace, why should those who
have long admired and followed him hesitate to
imitate his patriotic example. Mr. Seward, in
his recent speech in the Senate—no less marked
for its great elegance of style and oratorical power,
than for its kind and conciliatory character—sank
the partisan m the patriot and statesman, when
he uttered these patriotic and Union-loving words:
(k Beyond a doubt, union is vitally important to the Re-
publican citizens ol the United States; but it is ju^t as
important to the whole people. Republicanism and Union
are, therefore, not convertible terms. Republicanism is
subordinate to Union, as everything else is and ought to*
be—Republicanism, Democracy,-cvery other political name
and thins; all are subordinate—and they ought to disap-
pear in the presence of the great question of Union."
Let them, then, disappear; and with fraternal
afFection,and with eyes fastened upon that bright
constellation which has sp longbeenourpride and
glory, let us swear on the altar of our common
country not to permit one star to go down into
endless night. I do not yet despair of the Re-
public, but still see a ray of light ..through the
dark and angry cloud which overhangs us, to en-
courage our hearts, and lead us to expect the full
sunshine of joy; and peace, and happiness, to
break once more upon our broad and beloved land.
I should prefer, sir, that the doctrine of nonin-
tervention by Congress with the question of sla-
very in the Territories, should be made the basis
of our sectional differences; thereby leaving the
people to determine that question for themselves,
like any other of their domestic institutions. I
have long maintained this doctrine, as it is founded
on the great principle ofall popular Governments—
the will of the people; but in a spirit of conces-
sion and compromise, I am ready to sustain and
vote for other propositions which have been sub-
mitted. It is not my intention now to discuss
any of these propositions; and I would simply
signify my readiness to support the proposition of
Senator Rice, with some modification, to divide
the Teiritories into two great States, to be called
Washington and Jefferson; or the proposition
introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Etiieridge,] to extend the Missouri com-
promise line ;and some others which I might name,
but which is unnecessary at the present time.
I am, sir, as you will perceive, for concession
and compiomise; and in expressing this senti-
ment, I am but reflecting the views and wishes
of a great majority of the people of New Jersey,
whom 1 in part represent. I would not be a true
and faithful Representative of that small but gal-
lant State, if I was unwilling to yield to some
fair and honorable measure of adjustment for the
preservation of the Union. It is my high honor
to represent a people who are devotedly attached
to the Fedeial Constitution and the Union; and
they intend to preserve and defend both. New
Jersey was Lhc third State, in point of time, to
ratify and adopt that Constitution as the supreme
law of the land; and her many proud battle-fields
aie nch with the blood of her heroic sons, freely
shed in the cause of American liberty. There is
no State more strongly attached to the Union;
and, as one of her Representatives, it is my determ-
ination to cling fast to it and preserve it, if in
my power, by eveiy fair, honorable, and patriotic
effort. And I most fervently pray God that some
peaceable settlement of our sectional differences
may be adopted, which will be satisfactory to the
North and South, East and West, and which will
bind the people of the several States together in
fraternal and everlasting peace and friendship,
under one common Federal Government, and un-
der one common and glorious flag.
" JTis the star-spangled banner; oh, Jong may it wave
O'er the land of Hie lrce, and the home of the brave."
The spirit of concession, Mr. Chairman, is a
generous and manly spirit. It requires, too, much
more real moral courage to display it than to ad-
here persistently and doggedly to one's own opin-
ion and a particular line of policy. It was this
high-souled and magnanimous spirit which ani-
mated the breasts of the fathers of the Republic,
and which brought into existence the Federal
Constitution and our glorious Union. Wash-
ington, the president of the convention which
formed that Constitution,in a letter dated Septem-
ber 17, 1787, in submitting to the old Congress
that sacred instrument, used the following lan-
guage, which' I would most earnestly commend
to the attentive consideration of every member of
this House:
44 In ;i!l onr delibcration^on this subject, we kept steadily
in oiii view that which appears to us the greatest interest
of every true .Amencan, the consolidation of the Umon,Jn
winch is involved our prosperity, felicity, safety, perhaps
our national existence. Thtrf important consideration, se-
riously and deeply impressed on our minds, led each State
in the convention to be loss rigid on points of inferior mag-
nitude than might have been otherwise exp'ct< d; and thus
the Constitution which wo now present, is the result oi a
spirit of amity and of that mutual deference and concc^ion
which the peculiarity of our political situation rendered
indispensable."
