1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i willing, if that would bo satisfactory to gentle-
i men, to modify the motion, so as to say that we
j meet at tour or five o'clock. Our dinners are all
over by that time, the day is passed, all its duties
i may have been attended to, and we meet here at
i five o'clock. But wo must have another day.
I Several Senai ors. Say six o'clock,
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well. I will agree
to that if it will be satisfactory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to make one
suggestion. There is a resolution on the table
suspending the rule that prohibits the reading of
constitutional amendments twiccon the same day.
Let that be passed now; let the rule be suspended;
then let the proposition from the House of Rep-
resentatives, amending the Constitution, have its
third reading, and then we can adjourn over until
to-morrow evening. It will not take five minutes
to give it the third reading now, by adopting that
resolution. As only five Senators voted against
the proposition on its second reading, certainly
there will be no objection to suspending the rule
and letting it have its thkd reading at this time.
Mr. BIGLER. I have repeatedly during the
day endeavored to get a decision 011 that resolu-
tion, for the reason that it involves this whole
question. If the Senate decides not to pass the
resolution, and suspend the rule, then the motion
of the Senator from Kentucky will he proper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from Kentucky
will permit me, I will make the motion to take up
the resolution suspending the 26th rule.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to suggest to
my friend from Pennsylvania that I do not wish
her of the Senate, though that is but a short time, Si to relinquish my motion now. Let us pass it;
to be sure, comparatively with the experience of || and then if we can get through our business we
many Senators on this floor, it has only been the !' can annul it.
for it. Let us go on now; we have until twelve j
o'clock to-night. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to hear
what is said in this confusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
again unwillingly requests Senators to preserve
Older. The confusion within the hall is such
that neither the clerks nor the Chair can hear any
motion that is made, or any remark.
Mr. WILSON. Mi. President 
Mr. POLK. I believe I am entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is on the floor.
Mr. POLK. 1 shall not repeat what I have
said, because I spoke loud enough to have been
heard, if there was proper order in the Senate. I
will, therefore, add to what I have said, that I.
for one, will not consent now, at this hour of the
day, six o'clock in the evening, deliberately to
vote, as a Senator of the United States, that the
Senate shall meet to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock, in advance of the necessity. That, at
least, will not meet the public sentiment of the
country. I hope, theiefore, that the Senator from
Kentucky will, at all events, not make his motion
now. Indeed, sir, I think we had belter keep on
in session until we get through; and if we are not
able to get through at twelve o'clock to-night, and
if we ai e compelled, then, to hold on a little longer,
there will be some good reason for it, some more
show of necessity than there will be for us to
adjourn over deliberately, to meet on Sunday
morning at eleven o'clock; and, for one, I cannot
give my consent cO vote for such a proposition as
that, "it is said it has often transpired heretofore.
It has never taken place since I have been a mem
experience of four years. I hope the Senate will
not now take any such action, but will go 011 with
their session continuously, until they ha^e dis-
charged all the remaining duties that they ought
to meet during this session, and then adjourn for
the, session; or, rather, adjourn to meet on Mon-
day, for the purpose of witnessing and taking part
in the inauguration ceremonies.
Mr. WILSON. I concur entirely in what has
been said by the Senator from Missouri. 1 hope,
at this hour of the day, we shall not make this
order. Let us stay here until midnight, attend to
our business, and then stay until daylight, if ne-
cessary, and I have 110 doubt we can do all the
business the country requires of us; but let us not
deliberately here and now make an order that wo
will meet on the Sabbath day, unless it be abso-
lutely necessary for the interests of the country.
If it "be so, I am ready to come here; but we have
these resolutions under consideration, audi hope
we shall go on and consider them and vote upon
them. Therefore I hope this motion will be with-
drawn, or that, if it be insisted upon, it will be ■
voted down, and we shall go on with our business
thiH evening; and if wo find after midnight that we
must meet to-morrow, then I am sure we shall
all agree to come here for the purpose of trans-
acts0 ihe public business; btu I do not believe it
is necessary, or will be necessary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have supposed it
would be necessary, and it is upon that hypoth-
esis that I ask that the Senate meet to-morrow,
at eleven o'clock. I believe it will be necessary.
Objections have been made in point of ordei, to
the consideration of the resolution of the House
of Representatives, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution. It cannot be read again, accord-
ing to the rules, if we sit until twelve o'clock to-
morrow. I consider that in the condition of the
country, this is a woilc of the highest necessity;
this is a work of national charity; and if we may
he'p an ox out of the pit on Sunday, we shall be
excused for trying to help a nation out of its diffi-
culty. I hope I haveapioper respect for the Sab-
bath day. 1 hope I haven propernotion anil ideaof
tile uses to which it ought to he applied. It is the
last day of your session, and for all I know, may
be the last day of this Union, and yet we hesitate
about sitting.
Mr. Piesulent, there are gentlemen who would
not be willing to attend at eleven 0'clock, but who
susrgest an evening session to-morrow. I do not
wish to do anything but that which is most agree-
able to the Senate, consistent, with my own no-
tions of what are our duties here. I should be
Mr. BIGLER. That is true.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well; let the vote be
taken.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. For\f.y, its Clerk, announced that the
House concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the bill (H. 11. No. 899) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 18C2.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like now to pre-
sent the report of the committee of conference 011
the bill which has just come fiom the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot yield to any-
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire only to make a
report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitcii.)
The Chair will inform the Senator from Kentucky
that the proposition of the Senator from Maine is
a privileged question. The report ot a committee
of conference is a privileged question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very short; it will
not interfere with business a moment. I send up
the repoit, and ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Tile commit!!*'1 of eoufeieiice on the vntn^of
the two Houses 011 the nmemhnenH to tile bill (H. It. No.
8S9) niakuei; appi opnation4. for the support of tile Army tor
the year ending the 30th ot Juno. 186*2, having met, after
lull and fiec conleience, have agieed to recommend to their
re^peetive Houses, as follows :
That the Senate leccdo from their amendments numbered
two. thteo, four, five, six, and tluity-^-ven.
That the Ilou<c recde fmm their disagreement to the
amendments ot' the Senate numbeied J-even, eight, ten,
cloven, twelve, thnteen, fourteen, hite.en, sixteen, seven-
teen. emlitecn, nineteen, twenty, twenty-oms twenty-two.
twenty-tlmv, twenty-foui, twenty-five. twenty-six, twen-
tv-vcven,thnty->i.\, and thiity-ej ht.
"That the Senate coneui m the sift amendment of t.ie
IIotiM' to the thiitioth amendment of the Senate, with the
following amendment: afu-i the woid '• dollars" in *aid
Senate amendment, in the fifth Sine thereoi, mseit: "• 01 so
rmieh theieofa* m. \ b<> deemed necc.--.aiy by the i-Vcretury
of Wai " .
Tliat the Senate concur in the f-ceond amendment ot the
Ilou-e to the ihutielh amendment <>1 the Senate.
That the Hcnate coneur m the auieruimcnt of th
to the thntj lo'srtfi amendment of the Senat.\ t
YV. P. i j
THOMAS BRAGG.
MILTON S. LATIlAM,
Managers on the pent of the Senate.
° JUSTIX s. moriull,
13. STAVTOV.
'JOHN rocmuvc.
Mavaaers on the part of the House of Repicscntatues.
Mr. FRSSENDEN. I will give any explana-
tions that Senators may desire; but I presume
there will he no objection to the report.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not see that there is any
necessity for speedy action on that report, un-
less the object be to get the business in such a
condition that Senators may leave, and compel us
to break up without a quorum, and not give us a
vote on the other questions.
Mr. FESSENDEN . I can assure the Senator
there is no such design on my part. 1 never
dreamed of such a thing for a moment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Hence it can make no dif-
ference with the Senator whether we vote now or
an hour hence on this report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the floor, and move
that the report bo concurred in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does it require unanimous
consent?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I asked the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not.
The report is before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
message from the House of Representatives on
the same subject.
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to know if it
1 be a privileged question, so as to supersede my
motion. It may he a privilege to make the re-
port; but does the privilege extend any further?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that, as a privileged question, it is
already exhausted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. So I supposed. Then,
I insist on my motion.
Mr. FESSI3NDEN. I should like to have a
vote on the quesiion. I have made the report;
and I ask that it be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
readily yield to older Senators.
Mr. BRIGHT. The report of a committee of
conference is a privileged question, and maybe
disposed of at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
treated the making of the report as a privileged
question, and not the motion to concur in the
report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If one part is privileged,,
the other must be.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Kentucky
can move to lay it aside.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It has no other privi-
lege than to make the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The House of
Representatives have sent us a message, inform-
ing tlie Senate that they have eonciiired in the
report. The Chair will put the question on con-
curring in the report.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PUGH, from the second committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 865)
making appropriations for the current and con-
1 Undent expenses of the Indian department and
i for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
I dinn tribes for the year ending June 30,1862, sub-
! mitted the following report:
; The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
| of the two Houses on the amendment to the bill (II. R. No.
, £65) making appropriations tor the cuncntand contingent
I expenses of the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
I stipulations with vanotis Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30. 1660, having met, after full and fiee conference,
. - have agreed to recommend to their respective Houses as fol-
i ■ '°That they adopt the leport of the former committee of
j conterenoe on the disagreeing \ otes on tho amendments to
isairt bill, except as to numbers five, six, and nineteen of
I; wiid amendment*; and a^ to said amendment number nine-
h teen, they rceouiinend that the House recede from their
>i disagreement thereto, and agiee to the same with the fo -
;! lowm- amendment: Strike oat the whole amendment, and
in I-eu thereof insert the following: For pajmcnit to the
!! Choctaw nation or tribe of Indians, on account of their
!j cj.um under the eleventh and tweltth articles ot the treaty
II with -aul nation or tube, made the 2-Jd of June, 18d5, the
«mn of *300.000, $250,000 of which sum shall be paid in
!( money fand for the residue, the Secietary of the Treasury
11 to be i«sucd to the pioper authonties ot the na-
tioii 01 tube, on their requisition, bondi of the United
!! States autli°rizc<l by law at the present session of Con-
1; jrrc?s : Provided, Thatin the i'utureadjustment of the claim
!i of the Choctaw* under the tieaty aforesaid, the said sum
j; fcha'i be chainedagam-t the paid Indians.
!' That the House iceeJe iroin then dis-agieement to the
fifth and *nxth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the
tame with the following amendment to each: Provided,
!; That the said sum may be paid, at the discretion of the
