1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it can only be preserved by constant and unceas-
ing care, and by a resolute determination to resist
every effort to undermine and overthrow it.
The men, sir, who would dare to dissolve the
Union, and overthrow the freest and best Gov-
ernment on earth, would be guilty of a great po-
litical crime. I can conceive of nothing more hor-
rible than to be the authors of such an act. It would
not only entail upon us all the horrors of civil war,
and be the downfall of all popular government,
but would crush out forever all the noble efforts
of patriots throughout the world to give political
freedom to the oppressed and downtrodden by
high-handed tyranny. Oh, what a sad spectacle
it would be for patriots and lovers of freedom
to behold ! The tyrants and despots of the Old
World would rejoice, and sing peans to the down-
fall of liberty here; while the toiling bondmen of
European despotisms would weep, as all hope of
political ransom dies out forever in their breasts.
It is our example of Republican liberty that has
fired many a patriot heart, and nerved many a
bold arm to strike the blow in freedom's cause.
And without citing other marked instances, had
it not been for our example, who supposes that
we would have witnessed the heroic achievements
of one of the greatest generals of this age—Gari-
baldi—to relieve his countrymen from cruel op-
pression, and clothe them with the rights and
blessings of freedom-* Cease, then, ye men of the
**South, all these unholy efforts to dissolve the
Union. Let your excited passions subside, and
come once mbre to regard the people of the North
as not all Abolitionists, who would destroy your
cherished institutions. It is true, there are Abo-
litionists at the North; but very few in number, and
utterly powerless to do you any serious injury.
There are but few Wendell Plnllipses, Gerrit
Smiths, and William Lloyd Garrisons among us.
Do not regard theirrant, wild declamation,and ve-
hement invective, as the true expression of north-
ern sentiment. My honest judgment is, that the
great mass of northern men have no disposition to
deny to you any of your just constitutional rights.
Soon the period will be here when you will see what
the Republican party will do, which you so much
dread, and which you would make the occasion
of the destruction of the Government. Had you
not better remain awhile before going out of the
Union? and perhaps, after all, Mr. Lincoln may
dissipate ail your fears, and give you no occasion
for taking the fatal step which some of you con-
template. ,
In conclusion, sir, it should be the earnest and
patriotic effort of all men, both Noith and South,
to restore, if possible, that cordial and fraternal
feeling which once existed between them. Ail
should endeavor to live up to, and faithfully carry
out, all the provisions and guarantees of the Fed-
eral Constitution. That Constitution is the su-
preme law of the land, overriding all other law
which conflicts with it. It must be submitted to
and observed in all its parts, or else there is an
end of our Federal Government. It is only by
submission to law that peace, good order, and
Government itself, can exist. In the despotism
of the Old World, the sword and the bayonetgov-
ern and hold the people in check; but here it is
their own free will, embodied in the laws of'the
country which they themselves have made. And
may that will ever be on the side of the Federal
Constitution and the laws of the land, and be ever
ready to act for the good of the whole country!
But above all, may the will of the people ever be
on the side of the Union, as our fathers made it!
In days that are past, this Union has been vio-
lently assailed and threatened with destruction;
but m every instance with utter failure and dis-
comfiture to those who did it. In every time of
its danger, there have been good and patriotic
men, both north and south, east and west, to
rally to its defense, as the source of all our mani-
fold blessings as a nation. Thus far our noble
ship of State has outlived every violent tempest
and dangerous shock; and I pray God she may
yet outride the present boisterous gale. Let us
not only pray for it, but work for it. There can
be, and ought to be, but one ardent wish and
strong determined will, m every patriotic heart,
to preserve a Union which has cost so much;
around which cluster so many precious memories;
and which is the true sourcc of all our nation's
prosperity and glory. In the language of An-
drew Jackson, whose life and services as a soldier
and statesman afford the best evidence of his
strong love of the Union: "The Federal Union:
it must be preserved." And in that other lan-
guage, embodying the same great patriotic thought
of another great man, Daniel Webster, whose
love for and devotion to the Union were equally
strong, " Liberty and Union, now and forever,
one and inseparable."
[At this point the committee rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, a
message was received from the President, by A.
J. Glosscrenner, his Private Secretary, inform-
ing the House that he had approved and signed
an act for the relief of Richard C. Martin, and an
act for the relief of the assignee of Hon. David
C. Broderick, deceased.
A message was also received from the Senate,
by Mr. Patten, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the President of the United States had
approved and signed an act for the relief of Jere-
miah Pendergast, of the District of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate had-passed a resolution
of the House authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the name of the steamer
Spring Hill to that of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to per-
mit theownersof the steamboat John C.Fremont
to change the name of the same to that of Horizon;
and an act to change the name of the schooner
Augusta to Colonel Cook; in which he was di- J
rectcd to ask the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. Mr. Chair-
man, I propose to submit to the consideration of
this House some remarks upon the subject of out*
national difficulties. I shall aim to do so with that
calmness, frankness, and deliberation which the
importance of the occasion demands; avoidingthe
utterance of anything calculated or designed to
irritate the feelings of any party in this House, or
i add to the terrible excitement that now prevails
throughout the whole extent of this nation. It
may be truly said, that we are m the midst of a
great revolution that is hurrying us on with fear-
ful rapidity to the disruption of all the ties that
bind this Confederacy together. The fact cannot
be disguised that we are now standing upon the
crumbling brink of political ruin; that this once
happy and glorious Union of States is now virtu-
ally severed; that the ensign of our country's
greatness and glory has ceased to float from the
flagstaff of foiu soveieign States. But the other
day our confederates—South Carolina, Florida,*
Mississippi, and Alabama—did, by solemn ordi-
nances,'announce to the world that they are ab-
solved from, all allegiance to the General Govern-
ment. That other southern States will follow in
rapid succession, unless some just and peaceful
remedy is speedily devised, is undeniably true.
How many stars are to be blotted out from the
flag of our Union time will speedily disclose.
The public mind tit the South has been preparing
for years for the existing state of things. With
many of us it produces no surprise. Long have
we witnessed the gradual development of the
causes that would inevitably produce the results
that are now upon us. Many of the statesmen
and patriots of the land have, again and again,
warned our countrymen of the " mining and sap-
ping process" that was going on, which, if per-
severed in, must eventually destroy the noble edi-
fice constructed by our fathers. But the voice of
wisdom and patriotism has been unheeded; pas-
sion, prejudice, and fanaticism, have finally ob-
tained the supremacy over justice and reason; and
unless the "sober second thought" of the people
of the northern States, or their Representatives
here, shall induce them to discard their preju-
dices, and speedily award to the people of the
southern States theirjustand constitutional rights,
all is lost.
I can assure you, Mr. Chairman, that there is
an irreversible determination on the part of the
people of the slaveholding States to have this sla-
very agitation quieted, this slavery controversy
definitively settled. We have submitted for years
to the assaults, injustice, inequality, oppression,
and misrepresentations of our northern neighbors.
Unless these things ceose, we are constrained,by
our self-respect, our love of peace, and the secu-
rity of our property, to absolve ourselves from
all connection with thum.
This Government was formed by our fathers,
" to establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defensejpromote the gen* -
oral welfare, and secure the blessings of. liberty,
to ourselves and our posterity," In some of these*
great objects, so far as the slaveholding* States
are concerned, it has utterly failed. Our slave
property is becoming less secure and less valuable5
every day. The guarantees of the Constitution,"
afford us but little or no protection. In many or
the slave States we are sustaining heavy losses
every month, with no means of redress. Those
losses, with the present feeling and sentiment"
abroad in the land, must still increase. Many of
our slaves are now impressed with the idea that,
after the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, they are
to be free. This impression makes them restless'
and discontented; renders our homes, our wives,
and our children unsafe. Surely no rational man
expects us to live with such a state of things in
our midst. We cannot; we will not. Our devo-
tion to the Union, our veneration for theachieve-
ments of our ancestors, our recollection of their'
heroic deeds, their perils and sufferings, cannot
induce us to submit to the wrongs and injuries
that are now being inflicted upon us in the name
of the Constitution and the Union. We have
borne them for years, still cherishing the patriotic
hope, hitherto delusive, that a returning sense of
justice would induce the North to rccede from the
"irrepressible conflict." Wc have again and
f again asked to be let alone in the enjoyment of our
rights and our property; again and again warned
our fellow-citizens of the disastrous consequences
that must surely ensue, if they persisted in refus-
ing to us that peace and security which the Gov-
ernment was pledged to afford us. These warn-
ings on our part they have regarded as idle threats,
and consequently our demands have not only been
unheeded, but they have recklessly and impe-
riously pushed on in the accomplishment of thei*4
unjust and unconstitutional purposes, thereby
furnishing us with conclusive evidence of their
unfaltering determination to destroy the institu-
tion of slavery.
After the presidential election is over, we hear
a distinguished United States Senator exclaim,
" to-night, thanks be to God, we stand with the
slave power beneath our feet. I say to the men
of the South, who have been threatening the dis-
solution of the U nion, who arc calling conventions,
who are mounting blue cockades, go on if you
dare." In the face of this imperious threat, they
have dared to assert their sovereignty and inde-
pendence, and demonstrate that the slave power
is not beneath your feet; and they will dare to
maintain it, be the price ever so costly and bloody.
This Senator, no doubt, honestly and frankly
uttered the sentiments and expressed the feelings
of the great body of the Republican party. What
then have we of the South to hope for from a
party ascending to power, who, in tones of con-
gratulation and triumph, defiantly exclaim, "We
stand with the slave power beneath our feet," and
wc dare them to continue their threats of dissolu-
tion. What ifthey do? The inferential answer
is, "We are in power, with the Army and Navy
at our command, and they shall submit; we rule
and they shall obey." The freeman of the South
who, under such circumstances, would not assert
and maintain his just and constitutional rights, in
the Union if he can, out of it if necessary, is a
fitter representative of a Russian serf than an
American citizen.
These expressions of feeling and sentiment, ex-
hibited by the dominant party in all the non-slave-
holding States, satisfy us that we are a doomed
people in the Union, unless the northern mind
should undergo a change; of which, I apprehend,
there is scarcely a glimmering hope.
The result of this constant and unceasing at-
tack upon the institution of slavery has now cul-
minated in the election of a man to the Chief
Magistracy of the nation who has not only been
ceaseless in his opposition to the institution, but
who has deliberately declared that "this nation
cannot exist half free and half slave;" that "it
must be one or the other—all slave or all free"-—
elected as a sectional candidate, upon the main
idea of his hostility to the institution of slavery,
upon a platform declaring it to be a relic of bar-
barism, with a distinct avowal that we shall be
denied all participation in the Territories of the
United States; that it must b.e placed "where the
public mind can rest in the* belief that it is in the
course of ultimate extinctionthat it shall never
