400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
twit to Federal authority. It may be suggestive
to inquire, whether our fathers who instituted
this Government, thought so. History tells us
that they entertained the opinion—and so declared
—that the bonds of this Union could only be pre-
served by the cords of mutual harmony, concord,
and fraternal affection among the people of the
States and the members of the Confederacy. We
learn from the proceedings of the convention that
framed the Constitution of the United States that
on the 31st of May, 1787, a clause " authorizing
an exertion of the force of the\vhole against a
delinquent State,5' came up for consideration, and
that Mr. Madison, and others, in opposing its
adoption, observed that—
" The more he reflected on the use of force, the more he
doubted the practicability, the justice, and the efficacy oi
it, when applied to people collectively, and not individ-
ually. A union of the States containing such an ingredient,
seemed to piovide for its own destruction. The use of force
against a State would look more like a dcciatation of war
than an infliction of punishment, and would probably be
considciedby the party attacked as a dissolution of all pre-
vious compacts by which it might be bound. He hoped that
sucii a system would be framed as might render this re-
source unnecessary, and moved that the clause be post-
poned.55—Madison Papers, Debates in the federal Conven-
tion, vol. of p. 140.
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, said:
"The most jarring elements of nature, fire and water,
themselves are not more incompatible than such a mix-
ture of civil liberty and military execution. Will the militia
march from one State into another in order to collect the
arrears of taxes from the delinquent members of the Re-
public? Will they maintain an army for this purpose?
W ill not the citizens oi the invaded State assist one another,
till they rise as one man, and shake olF the Union alto-
gether? Rebellion is the only ease in which the military
force of the State &an be properly exerted against its citi-
zens. In one point of view, he was stiuck with honor at
the prospect of recurring to this expedient. To punish the
non payment of taxes with death was a severity not yet
adopted by despotism itself; yet this unexampled cruelty
would be mercy compared to a military collection of rev-
enue, in which the bayonet could make no discrimination
between the innocent and the guilty, lie took this oc-
casion to repeat, that, notwithstanding his solicitude to
establish a national Government, he never would agree to
abolish the Stare governments, or render them absolutely
insignificant. They were as necessary as the General Gov-
ernment, and iie would be equally caietul to preseive
them.'5—Madison Papers—Debates in the Federal Conven-
tion, vol. 5, p. 217.
Mr. Ellsworth, upon the same subject, said:
u Hence we see how necessary for the Union Is a eoei-
cive principle. No man pretends the contiary: we all see
and feel this necessity. The only question is, shall it he a
coercion of law, or a coercion of arms? There is no other
possible alternative. Where will those who oppose a co-
ercion of law come out? Wheie will they end? A neces-
sary consequence ot'theii principles is a wai of the Sutes
one against the other. I am for coercion by law—that co-
ercion which acts only upon delinquent individuals. This
Constitution docs not attempt to coerce sovereign bodies,
States, hi their political capacity. No coercion is applica-
ble to such bodies but that of an armed foice. If we should
attempt to cveeutc the laws of the Union by sending an
armed force against a delinquent State, it would involve
the good and bad, the innocent and guilty, in the same
calamity.'1— Ellioth Debates, vol. S2, p, 197.
Alexander Hamilton said:
"If has been observed, to coerce the States is one of the
maddest project thas was ever deviled. A failine of com-
pliance will nevei be confinud to a Mngle State. Thi-  being
the case, can we supnose it wise to hazaul a civil war?
Suppose Massachusetts, or any large Sfite, should refuse,
and Congress should attempt to compel them: would they
not have miluence to procure ns^n-rance, especially tiom
those States which are in the same Mtuation as themselves?
What picture does this idea present to our view? A com-
plying State at war with a non-complying State; Congress
marching the troops of one State into the bosom of anothei;
this State collecting auxiliaries, and foimmg, perhaps, a
majority against its Federal head. Here is a nation at war
with itself. Can any reasonable man be well disposed to-
ward a Government which makes war and eatnagc the
only means ol supporting itself—a Government that can
exist only by the sword? Every such war must involve the
innocent with the guilty. This single consideiation should
be sufficient to dispose every peaceable citizen against such
a Government."—Elliot,-s Debates, vol. 2, p. 233.
On motion of Mr. Madison, the clause was
unanimously postponed, and never again pre-
sented. Now, I would inquiic, what is the rea-
sonable inference from this action of the conven-
tion? Is it not that the Constitution imposed
none other than a voluntary obligation on the part
of a State to remain a member of the Federal
Union* How unwise to talk about a legal obli-
gation upon one party to a compact, when the
other has no means of enforcing it! Would our
fathers have been guilty of such consummate folly,
ia providing articles of association between sov-
ereign States, whereby, under all circumstances,
they were to remain perpetually united? It is an
imputation upon their wisdom and intelligence.
They, sir, understood the nature and principles
of the Government they were constructing, and
the character of the people for whom they were
acting. Could the idea have been drawn from
the Constitution, by the most remote inference,
that when one of the States felt that they were
oppressed and tyrannized over by the Federal Gov-
ernment, and attempted to throw off the yoke,
they were to be resisted by the Army and Navy
of the United States, by the whole power of the
Government, and forced to submission, not one
of the original thirteen States would ever have
ratified the Constitution. You know, sir, that
they never would have deliberately forged the
chains with which they might be manacled, and
again subjected to the yoke of tyranny. We all
know that it never was the intention of the framers
of that instrument to provide the means of a mil-
itary despotism, to hold one or more of the States
as subjugated provinces. Sir, such a sentiment
is incompatible with the genius and spirit of our
Government. It is a libel upon the humanity and
philanthropy, the wisdom and intelligence, of the
noble men who achieved our independence and
constructed our form of government.
Will you tell me, sir, that eighteen of the par-
ties to tne compact may violate every provision
of it, trample upon every right secured to the
other fifteen, and that they have no means of re-
dress but brute force ? Let me tell you, sir, .that
it ia the common law of this land and all civilized
countries, that when one party to a contract vio-
lates it, the other party may, at his option, either
have it enforced or annulled.
Mr. Buchanan tells us very explicitly that a
State cannot secede without violating the Consti-
tution. While I approve of his message gener-
ally, regarding it as a very able State paper, I am
constrained to dissent from his views on the ques-
tion of secession. What I have to say on this
subject will be brief, not having time within the
hour allotted ine to enter upon an extended argu-
ment. I believe that it contravenes noprovision
of the Constitution for one or more of the States
to secede from the Union; not by virtue of any
power conferred upon them by that instrument,
but in consequence of the States never having
surrendered it to the General Government. The
Constitution declaims that " the powers not dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it, to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people." I
apprehend that it will be admitted that the States-
may exercise any or aU of their reserved powers
without a violation of the Constitution. If, then,
they have never parted with their right to resume
their original sovereignty, when, in their opinion,
the Government becomes destructive of the ends
for which it was instituted, it is no violation of
the Constitution for them to secede. If there is
any clause in the Constitution by which they de-
prived themselves of this right, it has escaped my
observation.
The IVesident, in the discussion of this ques-
tion, for the purpose of showing that a State has
no right to disrupt its connection with the Gen-
eral Government, and that the Union must be
perpetual, enumerates various powers conferred
by the States upon the Gcneial Government—
such ay the power to make war and to make peace;
to raise and support armies and naviefe; to con-
clude treaties with foreign Governments; to coin
money, and to regulate the value thereof; and to
regulate commerce with foreign nations among
the States. He also informs us that in order to
cai ry the enumerated powers into effect, Congress
has the exclusive right to lay and collect taxes.
I would inquire, how long? The rational answer
would be, just as long as the Union lasts, and
from the States that continue in the Union.
Now, how the inference arises, from the pos-
session of these powers, that the Government
was designed, under all circumstances, to be per-
petual, I am at a loss to conceive. Could not the
States have conferred these powers for one hun-
dred years or one hundred thousand years? But
they specified no time when they were to cease;
and therefore thePresident argues (hatthey must,
of necessity, be perpetual. Now, it seems to
me that the most sensible conclusion, in the ab-
sence of any express declaration, would be, that
just so long as the General Government, in the
judgment of each of the contracting parties, per-
formed its obligations, and effected the objects
for which it was created, each should remain a
part of the Union, and submit to its authority
and jurisdiction. If our fathers had understood
that each State, regardless of the extent to which
it might be oppressed and tyrannized over by the
other States, should submit and remain a part of
the Union, would they not have provided some
common arbiter between the parties to judge of
each other's rights, and redress them. They did
not. Then, of necessity, each must judge for
itself, as well of the infraction as of the mode of
redress.
I know it is insisted by some, that the Federal
judiciary is the common arbiter between the par-
ties to the compact. It was not so understood
by the framers of that instrument or their cotem-
poraries. Mr. Jefferson said that "the several
States comprising the United States of America,
are not united on the principle of unlimited sub-
mission to the General Government; but that by
the compact under the style and title of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and of amendments
thereto, they constituted a General Government
for special purposes; and delegated to that Gov-
ernment certain definite powers, reserving each
State to itself the residuary mass of right to their
own self-Government;" and that " to this com-
pact each State acceded as a State, and is an in-
tegral party, its co-States forming as to itself the
other party; that the Government created by this
compact was not made the exclusive or final judge
of the extent of the pouters delegated to itself—since
that would have made its discretion, and not the
Constitution, the measure of its powers; but that,
as in all other cases of compact among parties
having no common judge, each party has an equal
right to judge for itself as well of infractions as
of the mode and measure of redress."
Now, sir, I affirm that it is evident from a fair
construction of the language used by Mr. Jeffer-
son, that he held the same opinion now enter-
tained by the great statesmen who insist that this
is not a Government of force; that when any one
of the sovereign States of this Union feel that
their equality is destroyed, that their rights are
subverted, they have a right, which they never
alienated, to peaceably withdraw from this Con-
federation of States, and resume their original
independent sovereignty. And hence, I hold that
South Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, and Flor-
ida are no longer parts of this Confederacy; that
the laws and Constitution of the United States
have ceased, rightfully, to operate within their
limits; that they should be recogniztd by this
Government as independent sovereignties; that
the Federal troops should be withdrawn from
within their jurisdictions; leaving the property of
this Government in the hands of agents until ne-
gotiations in regard to it can be effected between
them and this Government. By such a course of
action you will preserve the peace, of the country,
and leave thos$ States in a frame of mind favor-
able to a reunion, at a proper time and upon just
terms.
Whether secession or revolution be the remedy
by which an injured State is to redress her wrongs,
I do not deem it impoitant, at this time and under
existing circtimstane.es, fiuthcr to inquire. Four
sovereign Stales have not been deterred; nor will
it change the purpose of any other States that may
determine to disrupt the tics that bind them to this
Union—call it secession or revolution, peaceablo
or bloody—it will not delay their action one mo-
ment. They conscientiously believe that they
are now striking for the security of their homes
and their altars, for the safety of their wives and
their children; and be the consequences never so
terrible, they have coolly and deliberately made
tip then minds to meet them with that detcimincd
will and unyielding purpose that should ever char-
acterize men born, raised, and educated m the at-
mosphere of liberty and freedom—men who know
how to appreciate their rights and how to defend
them. The terrors of civil war, now threatened
by their enemies, with all its hideous and dread-
ful results, will not affright them from the pro-
tection and preservation of their rights, and the
repudiation of a Government that denies to them
justice and equality under a common Constitu-
tion.
If, in the providence of God, it should come,
the fearful responsibility of invoking bloodshed,
anguish, grief, and eternal alienation, will rest
upon the Republican party. The last hope of a
reconstruction of this Government will forever
