1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 54) pro-
posing certain amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] offered an
amendment in the form of a substitute for the
whole body of the original resolutions. The first
question, however, will be on the amendment to
die original resolutions, winch was pending before
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
was made; and that amendment is, in article one
of the proposed constitutional amendments, line
fourteen, after the word " territory," to insert
" now held or hereafter to be acquired;" so that
the clause will read:
In all the temtoiy now held or hereafter to be acquired
south of said line oV latitude, slavery ot the African race is
hereby recognized, &c.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let us have the
yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1VERSON. Is that amendment suscepti-
ble of division, so as to vote on the first proposi-
tion in relation to the exclusion of slavery north
of latitude 36° 30r?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the propositions indicated by the Sen-
ator are not contained in the amendment. They
are a part of the original resolution.
Mr. PUGH. I would ask the Senator from
Kentucky (Mr. Powell] whether he deems the
amendment material ? It is a matter of indiffer-
ence to me personally, but I doubt whether it will
facilitate the passage of the proposition. Unless
it is material, I think if we dispose of present
difficulties, without taking future ones upon in-
terest, it would be the part of wisdom. I suggest
to him that it really will impair the chance of the
adoption of the proposition.
Mr. POWELL«. I will say to the Senator that
i do think it material, and that was the intention
of my colleague in presenting: the resolutions. I
put this amendment in to make it clear and dis-
tinct. I understand my colleague to acccpt it, as
it carries out his original design.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the resolution would
bear that construction at this time without the
amendment. I do not think it changes the mean-
ing of the resolution.
Mr, PUGH. Certainly not; but as the future
acquisitions, if we have any, will be by treaty,
where a bare number of one exceeding a third of
the Senate are to hold a negative, it seems to me
we had better leave these questions to the future.
As I say, it is a matter of indifference tam^; but
I think it will affect some votes, so faAs I am
informed. ^
Mr: LATHAM. I am perfectly wiTlfyg to vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittexden*,] or any other plan to
relieve the country fiom the danger in which it
is placed. I approve, most heartily of the ori-
ginal resolutions as first printed; but I cannot give
my consent to the amendment now pending, pro-
posed by the other Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell.] If it is incorporated into the original
resolutions, of course I will vote for them; but I
think it is unnecessary—willlead to misconstruc-
tion; and, instead of being a peace-offering, will
be a firebrand thrown into the solution of this
whole subject. I will briefly state my reasons
for this opinion, and if I am wrong senior Sena-
tors can correctmc. Thisamendmcnt is intended
to apply to all future territory acquired by our
Government south of 3GO 30'. To my mind it is
nothing more than amending the Constitution by
an irrevocable article, saying, virtually, that the
American territory shall be confined within its
present limits.
One of the great causes of our present disturb-
ances is an apprehension existing in the south-
ern mind that the Republican party designs sur-
lounding the slave States with a cordon of free
territory or free States. They protest against
being hemmed in by this method, alleging that in
a very few years, from the rapid increase of their
slaves, they will require an outlet and new terri-
tory to profitably and safely employ them. Now,
sir, the moment you incorporate this amendment
into your Constitution, this object against which
they so much protestwill be accomplished. Sup-
pose,sir, the time does arrive-—it may not and will
not probably come in our day—when a new field
for slave labor will be required for the reason
before stated, how, I ask Senators, can you obtain
it? You cannot get it by treaty, for you cannot
get two thirds of this body where the Republican
element is so strong, ever to ratify a treaty which
increases the area of slave territory. . If you
want it by purchase, the numerical strength of the
North in both branches of Congress is sufficient,
if this fanatical spirit continues, to prevent the
purchase of an acre where slavery is to be toler-
ated. The very moment the southern States, at
some future period, would see this disposition on
the part of the North to curtail the institution of
slavery, and confine it to its present limits, we
would have a renewal of the agitation of slavery,
disunion, secession, revolution, or whatever else
you may call our present troubles.
To my mind, the adoption of this amendment
limits now and forever the area of our empire. If
we expand, it must be in asouthern direction. It
has been a favorite policy of the Democratic party
to acquire Cuba, for which we have been willing
to pay $200,000,000. We discussed all last win-
ter the propriety of assuming a protectorate over
Mexico, with the view, in the process of time,as
our population increased, to absorb and assimi-
late that people, and make it apportion of our
nation. Our people are progressive and expans-
ive; and I am not prepared, for one, to vote for
any constitutional provision which gives the
power to any section or party to say, " thus far
shalt thou go, and no further." I do not think
the people of California would ratify any such
provision. Why? Because they have been look-
ing eagerly to the acquisition of the State of So-
nora, Lower California, in order that we might
have complete control, not only of the Gulf of
California, but of the entire trade and commerce
of the Pacific coast. The adoption of this amend-
ment would forever dissipate any such hopes.
The Representatives of the northern States
would never ratify a treaty or vote money to ob-
tain either of those States, if they knew that sla-
very was to be constitutionally forced upon the
people of those States during their territorial con-
dition. So we could never he able to purchase
Cuba, or any portion of Mexico.
I know, Mr. President, that this amendment
may look pleasing to the southern people, and
it may give a truce to our present troubles; but,
sir, in common with my party associates, I want
to see this question settled now and forever. The
people of the South arc getting very little by the
cession of New Mexico as slave territory, for it
is not adapted to that institution. Slave labor
cannot there be profitable; and though it may be
admitted as a slave State, it will not be five years
before it changes its condition. Then we will be
again met by this same argument of the necessity
of more territory for slave expansion; and under
this amendment it never can be had.
Again, sir: it will be an element of discord
when the people come to decide upon these amend-
ments. The Republicans can well say to their
followers that the South will not be content with
anything less than an irrevocable constitutional
enactment forcing slavery upon all our future ac-
qui^flRl territory in the South, whether the people
want it or not.
The distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] leceived over one million votes in
the recent presidential contest, all of whom be-
lieved and were committed to the proposition so
often and so ably advocated by him, that the
people of the Territoties, during their territorial
existence, should control and regulate this insti-
tution of slavery to suit themselves. How, I
ask, can they take away any such right by con-
senting to this lasting amendment. The sup-
porters of Mr. Breckinridgc never contended for
anything more than t he givingof protection bythe
General Government to the institution of slavery,
the same as any other property, in the Territory.
Even many of them, sir, would be unwilling to
vote for this amendment, with all its consequences,
as I have before stated them. Mr. President,
" sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof;5" and
let us legislate for our present territory, without
the imposition of restrictions upon the future de-
velopment of the country, the consequences of
which none of us can foresee.
This is the light in which this amendment ap-
pears to my mind, and I therefore will not sup-
port it, although I will vote for the Crittenden
propositions, even though it is incoiyorated by a,
majority of this body. I am not In the habitysir,
of setting up my opinion against my elders, 1
have been in the habit of following the load of
distinguished Senators upon all party questions,
I am never unwilling to assume any responsibil-
ity imposed upon me, and I am not now; b^it, to
my vision, my associates are committing a blun-
der by inserting these words, 44 hereafter ac-
quired," and will not attain the end they have so
patriotically in view.
Mr. DOtJGLAS. As I intimated before, I am
clearly of the opinion that if these words are not
inserted, the legal effect will be the same. If this
becomes a constitutional amendment, it applies to
all the Territories we have got; and if we acquire
any more, it will apply to them the moment we
acquire them; so I think it does not make any
difference. I should prefer that, instead of insert-
ing these words, the Senator from Kentucky
would move to strike out the words" now held or
hereafter acquired,M in the previous lines. Then,
it would stand that in all the territory of the
United States slavery shall be prohibited north,
and so on. The words now held or hereafter
acquired," are entirely unnecessary where they
now occur in the first article. It applies to the
country we now have, and when we get any more
it will apply to that when we get it. If we do
not get anymore, of course we do not want to
apply it there.
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to understand the
Senator from Illinois; I have no doubt he has
studied this proposition with great care. Do I
understand lum to say, that his opinion is that, as
the resolution now is, it recognizes and protects
slavery south of 3G° 30' in all the territory that
we now have, and all we may ever get to the end
of the world ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator had heard
what I said, I think he would have no trouble in
comprehending it.
Mr. BAKER. I did not hear it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I say that when the pro-
vision declares that in all the territory of the Uni-
ted States north of a certain line slavery is pro-
hibited, the provision reaches all the territory we
have now got; and if we acquire more, the Con-
stitution will apply to all we then have, and- it
will apply to the additions we acquire just as fast
as we get them. We now provide for all the
territory of the United States. The whole of it
is covered by the Constitution. If we enlarge the
boundaries, the Constitution will cover the en-
larged boundaries. Hence the provision will ap-
ply to the new acquisitions, without its being so
stated expressly.
Mr. BAKER. I think so.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it would seem
to me, in strict legal construction, if the words re-
ferred to by the Senator from Illinois were stricken
out, and this division were to apply in the lan-
guage of the resolution to all the territory of the
United States, it would be construed to be con-
fmpd to the existing territory—the territory as it
stood when the amendment passed. I am re-
minded that such i.*i the way in which the Supreme
Court construed the ordinance of 1787. I am sure,
fiom my recollection of the rules of construction
in the courts, that it would apply only to the ter-
ritory now possessed—possessed at the time the
provision passed. But the honorable Senator who
drew these resolutions, I presume, acting upon
that construction, has endeavored to make it cer-
tain ; and I presume further, that his intention was
that the term, "after acquired territory," was to
apply to territory as well south as north of this
line; and it is possible, but barely possible, that
that might be the construction placed upon it by
the legislative mind, or the judicial tribunal that
was called upon to construe it. But at last, it would
be a matter of doubt what was the intent of Con-
gress in using the precise language that is found
in theresolutions; and the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Powell] has introduced the
amendment, only to make certain what might pos-
sibly be the subject of misconstruction. But, be
that as it may, if this proposition is to have any
value as an amendment to the Constitution, ana
to put an end to the troubles now existing: in the
country, I am sure I need not say to Senators on
either side of this Chamber, that it can never be
received by the slaveholding States unless it^is
made so. Now, I will not undertake to say, be-
