1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I construe our duties in a very different way. I
have no parliamentary ends to obtain here by
dexterous motions to give preference. The Sen-
ator has never heard me express the slightest ap-
probation of these- resolutions from the peace
conference. On the contrary, he has heard me
point out, with whatever ability I might, the ob-
jections that would compel me to vote against
them. I intend to vote against them; but I deem
it due to the character of these resolutions, and
the way in which they were brought before the
Senate, that their precedence should not be taken
from them, and that we should have the first vote
upon them. The Senator from Illinois will not
find me taking back one word that I have said of
objection to the resolutions that came from the
peace conference; but I protest against their pre-
cedence being taken from them—a matter which
has engaged the attention of the Senate for the
last two hours to effect it. Now that it is done,
I shall vote against the motion to give precedence.
The resolutions of the peace conference should
not be thrust aside bythis resolution ofthe House;
but that is the motion now before us, to thrust
aside these resolutions in order to give place to
the resolution of the House, and I shall vote
against it
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall pursue, on this
occasion, the course I have pursued throughout.
My object is to attain a great end, and, if possi-
ble, to give entire satisfaction to the country, and
restore it to peace and quiet, or to go as far in that
direction as it is in my power to go. I shall vote
to take up the resolution of the House, because
we can act upon it immediately. I am an advo-
cate ofthe resolutions from the peace conference.
I have shown it; I have expressed it, and my de-
termination to vote for them, and so I will; but I
confess that I feel somewhat as the gentleman from
Illinois does—surprised at the great zeal with
which gentleman want to keep up these proposi-
tions merely to strike a blow at others, claiming
a precedence for a thing they mean to trample and
spit upon.
Mr. MASON. It has precedence, if the Senator
yill allow me, and he took it from it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And he wants to con-
tinue that precedence. Sir, the way to manifest
respect for their proposition is to vote for it. I do
not understand this sort of proceeding on the part
of gentlemen who desire to afford any means of
pacification to the country. I am for this resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives; and I hope
the Senate will vote to take it up. We can act
upon it, and we can vote upon it, and we know
well that we cannot pass these propositions of the
peace conference. There are but two hours more
of session in the other House—from ten to twelve
o'clock on Monday morning. I cannot indulge in
a hope, sanguine as I have been throughout, of
the passage of those resolutions; and, indeed, the
opposition here, and the opposition on this [the
Democratic] side of the Chamber to those resolu-
tions, are confirmation strong as Holy Writ that
they cannot pass. Do gentlemen want to press
them forward in order to prevent a vote on this
resolution of the House? I hope not. I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois will prevail,
and that we shall take up the House resolution.
Mr. BAYARD obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will give way a
moment, I wish to make a suggestion. I am in-
formed that there are many ladies who would like
to have a seat in the ladies'gallery; and I pro-
pose that the doors be opened on that side.
Mr. MASON. I object to the consideration of
the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware yield the floor for the motion to
be made ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the doors on the left of the Chair be opened for
the admission of ladies.
Mr. MASON. I object to that motion.
Mr. LANE. My motion includes the ladies
only; and 1 hope the Senator will allow that.
Mr. MASON. I object to it for any purpose.
Mr. LANE. I make the motion, and leave it
to the Senate to decide.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia insist on his objection r
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir; I do insist on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it cannot be
considered. There is a question already before
the Senate, and the Senator from Delaware is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 have for-
borne to take any part in this discussion about the
merits of any of these propositions before the
Senate, nor do I intend to do so now. I shall re-
serve what I may have to say to another occasion.
I shall not occupy the time of the Senate now. I
shall vote against this motion, because, while I
feel I do no injustice to others, I must necessarily
exercise my own opinions. I consider the reso-
lution passed by the House of Representatives as
not worth the paper on which it is written, for the
purpose of adjusting the difficulties in this coun-
try. I shall not detain the Senate by any attempt
to give the reasons. Sufficient for me to state the
ground of my objection, why I shall not vote to
give preference to a resolution which, as it stands,
I think will lead to no attainable result as regards
peace or quiet in the country. As regards the
other propositions, for which it is sought to be
substituted, I express no opinion now, except to
say, they are not exactly those that I should have
preferred; but that I would gladly and willingly
vote to adopt the distinct resolutions offered ori-
ginally by the Senator from Kentucky. As to
attaining a vote and disposing of this House reso-
lution at once, of course, as I do not attach any
importance to the measure, if passed, for the pur-,
pose for which it is to be passed, that would be a
sufficient answer; but further, it will not stop de-
bate, and it cannot preventamendments. Amend-
ments may be made; one substitute after another
may be offered, and you can be led into debate
quite as much as on the other. Iv would rather
see the other proposition discussed; and on the
whole, not thinking the particular resolution of
the House entitled to preference as being of any
great importance, I am not disposed to give it
precedence.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLK. I wish to say that I have paired
with the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] and therefore do not vote on the question.
The result was then announced—yeas 25, nays
11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Brags, Bright, Clark, Collamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fessenden, Grimes, Hale,
llarian, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham,
Morrill, Pearee, Powell, Pugh,Itiee, Simmons, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, and Wilkinson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bmetiam,Chandler, Ciingman,
Foot, Gwin, King, Lane, Mason, Trumbull, and Wilson—
11.
So the motion to take up the joint resolution of
the House was agreed to.
ADMISSION TO THE GALLERIES.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the doors of the
ladies' galieiy lie opened, and that ladies may be
permitted to the Senate gallery.
Mr. MASON. How often are we to object to
that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves that the doors of the ladies' gallery
be opened for the admission of ladies.
Mr. MASON. I understand there is a question
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that motion is in order. It is in the nature of a
privileged motion, in regard to opening the doors
of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Then I give up all hopes of
preserving order in the Senate.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not know that I have
any particular interest in this matter. My con-
nection with this Government will terminate in a
very few days. Probably, if I had the informa-
tion on which to act, it would end to-day. It is
a matter, therefore, of no consequence to me how
this Government shall be administered; but I say,
if you desire to conduct business in order, you
will not permit the galleries to be opened at all;
for there was as much disorder and as much con-
tempt shown for this body in the galleries on that
side of the Chamber as there was on the other.
It was done by those who were not men. I do
not choose to designate them.
Mr. LANE. Ladies are coming now, and I
trust they may be allowed admittance into the
gallery.
Mr. PUGH. I am willing to admit the ladies,
of course, to the galleries of the Senate; butrif it is
understood that men are to come in, I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question. It is moved and seconded that
the doors of the gallery upon the left of the Chair
be opened for the admission of ladies only.
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. KING. I move that the galleries on the
other side be opened also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves that the doors of the galleries
on the right of the Chair be opened.
Mr. LATHAM. For ladies ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not' so
worded.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to amend it by ad-
ding, " for ladies only."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New York moves that the galleries on the right
of the Chair be opened for the admission of spec-
tators.
Mr. KENNEDY. I object.
Mr.-PUGH. I call for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is utterly im-
possible to carry on the public business, unless
Senators have respect enough for the body- and
for the Chair to allow him to put a question. The
Senator from New York moves that the doors
upon the right of the Chair be opened for the ad-
mission of spectators. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to amend that motion by adding,
" for ladies only."
Mr. PUGIi. Mr. President, the Senate has
been insulted to-day in a manner unprecedented
in the history of this country—not only by those
occupying the galleries on the right of the Chair,
but by men calling themselves gentlemen, who
intruded into the gallery appropriated for the
ladies. Therefore, to know whether this is a
Government of law or a Government of mobs, I
shall demand the yeas and nays upon the ques-
tion of admitting any gentlemen whatever, or any
man, to any gallery of the Senate.
Mr. KING. I fully agree with gentlemen here
who are against any demonstration whatever of
applause or disapprobation in the galleries. I
have never, upon any single occasion, hesitated to
sustain the Chair;and the Senatorfrom Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] who has, in my judgment, dis-
charged a duty to the country and the Senate on
■this subject, I have always seconded,and I would
now do so; but the Senate has been too remiss in
observing order. I would have the Chair, the
moment there is any demonstration, to clear the
galleries. They have been cleared a good while.
There are now in the city a great many persons
who are strangers; many have arrived here since
that difficulty occurred, and are about the pur-
lieus of the Capitol; and I would open the galleries
to admit them.
Mr. KENNEDY. If it is my right to do so,
I will strenuously object to opening the doors of
that gallery to any man. We have been insulted
to day in a manner unprecedented in the history
of this country. We have been degraded into
almost a mob. When the Chair had remonstrated
against applause in the galleries, they not only
refused to accede to the rebuke, but they got up
and gave three cheers. I, for one, as an Ameri-
can Senator, am not willing to sit here and subject
myself to the taunts and the jeers of a mob that
may be assembled in that gallery, and perhaps, at
last, the insult of having rotten eggs thrown on
us, or some other insult very much greater. 1 do
object—and I now insist, if I have a right to ob-
ject—to opening those doors on the gallery at all
for anybody except for ladies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, upon which the Senator from Ohio does
not desire the yeas and nays. The amendment
of the Senator from California is: that the doors
to the gallery on the right of the Chair be opened
for the admission of ladies only. That is an
amendment offered to the motion of the Senator
from New York.
The question being put,
The VICE PRESIDENT declared that the
amendment was agreed to.
Mv. MASON. 1 ask for a division.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. After the decision of
the Chair has been announced, there can be 110
call for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
recognize the call for a division.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have but. a word to say.
