1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
I think the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from Maryland have spoken the words of sober
truth. From the indications, if the doors are
opened, very little business will be done to-night.
If it is the object of the Senate to do business, 1
think we had better try to do business as we are
doing it. I should have no objection to opening
the doors for ladies. My impression is that, if
you do, you will not be able, with the force here,
to exclude men—I will not say gentlemen, for gen-
tlemen could not behave as the mob did on my
left. They not only insulted the body once, but
twice and thrice. They cheered, and reiterated
the insult over the admonition of the Presiding
Officer—something that I have never before seen
in the Senate Chamber in my long service here,
and I will not be a party to opening the doors to
any such outside pressure.
Mr. MASON. I entirely agree with the Sen-
ator from Indiana. If it is the design of the Sen-
ate to do any business to night, the galleries ought
not to be opened, in my judgment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question on the amendment of the
Senator from California.
[Ladies began to enter the gallery.]
Mr. MASON. I demand that the order of the
Senate be enforced.
Mr. GRIMES. We have agreed to the admis-
sion of ladies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The messenger
opened the doors on the left of the Chair for the
admission of ladies only.
Mr. MASON. I do not understand thatordcr
to have been made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was done by
the vote of the Senate. The question now is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to the motion of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish barely to say this:
I have no objection to the adoption of the motion
with that amendment; but it is quite probable, if
none but ladies are admitted, that the gallery on
the left of the Chair may hold as many as usu-
ally come, or will desire to come; and as Senators
say that our police force about the Capitol would
Dot be sufficient to keep the doors on this side
closed, perhaps it is better to reject this motion,
and to confine the opening of the doors to the
ladies' gallery. I think that would bo better.
Mr/KENNEDY. I rise to a point of order.
I should like to know whether the point lias been
decided, that the door to the ladies' gallery is
open.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has so
stated several times.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the motion
of the Senator from New York, with the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now call for the joint res-
olution of the House.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois give way now for a moment, to allow the res-
olution that 1 have mentioned to pass?
Mr. DOUGLAS. This will take hut an instant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
cause the question before the Senate to be stated,
at ail events, to get it before the Senate. The
Secretary will read it by Us title.
The Secretary read, as follows:
A joint resolution of the House of Representa-
tives (No. 80) to amend the Constitution of the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution is
before the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I sent up a joint resolution
to the table, an hour or two ago, to correct some
few clerical errors in a bill that we have passed.
I ask to have that joint resolution now read and
acted upon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let this be voted on first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Rhode Island pause a moment? Senators,
the Chair feels it his duty, in the closing hours of
the session, to appeal to the Senate. The Senator
from Rhode Island rose and addressed the Chair,
making some observation or some motion which
the Presiding Officer was wholly unable to hear,
because Senators on the floor were conversing in
every direction. Therefore, for the sake of the
Senate, I respectfully appeal to Senators to pre-
serve order, that we may proceed with some dig-
nity and propriety. When the Senate resumes
perfect silence, the Chair will recognize the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. Do not compel me to
make this appeal five minutes hence again. The
Senator from Rhode Island will now proceed.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 was asking the consent of
the Senate to take up a joint resolution which I
sent to the table some two hours ago, which was
then to be considered, but by unanimous conscnt
some motion intervened. 1 am sure it will not
take five minutes. I ask permission to have that
resolution now read and acted upon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must object to anything
until the vote can be taken on the resolution of
the House, and then I shall not object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) to
amend the Constitution of the United States is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, <$•<:., That the following aiticle be proposed to
the Legir-latures of the several States an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States ; which, when ratified
by three fourths of said Legislatives, shall be valid to ail in-
tents and purpose-!) as paitof the said Constitution, namely:
Art. 13. No amendment shall be made to the Constitu-
tion which will authorize or give to Congress the powerto
abolish, or interioni, within any State, with the domestic
institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor
or service by the laws of said State.
Mr. PUGII. I think it was De Cluincey who
said that, next to the duty which a man owes God
and his country and his family, it was his duty
to preserve the purity of his mother tongu.3. The
Constitution of the United States is written in ex-
cellent English; but if this amendment beexpressed
in the English language, or by anyrule of gram-
mar, I do not understand it. If any Senator can
reconcile it by any expression, or any rule of our
language, I shall be happy to hear it; but I do not
wish to set an example to our children of putting
into thefundamental rule and organization ofGov-
ernment, such a shocking example as the House
of Representatives have sent us now. I move to
strike out the words "authorize or." That at
least will make it English.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Stiike out " authorize or;" so as to make the resolution
road:
No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which
will give to Congress the power, &c.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will only say that I hope
no amendment will be made. The resolution is
clear and specific. Nobody can fail to understand
it. An amendment sends it back to the House
of Representatives, and defeats the measure; and
therefore I hope all who are in favor of the prop-
osition will refuse to amend it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I can bear with bad
English when it expresses a good thing. I prefer
bad English expressing a good thing, to good
English expressing a bad thing. I am content to
take it as it is, and I hope my friend from Ohio
will be reconciled to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT putthe question,and
declared the amendment to be icjected.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the Senator from
Texas to call for a division on the amendment.
Mr. WIGFALL. A division was called for
before the vote was announced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Too late.
Mr. WIGFALL. It was not too late. I ask
for a division. I insist on a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Texas inform the Chair that he asked for a
division before the result was announced?
Mr. WIGFALL. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Air. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, (who had voted in the af-
firmative.) I will withdrawmyvote,beingpaired
with the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. An-
thony] on all these questions.
Mr. POLK (who had voted in the negative.) I
voted under a misapprehension, and I must with-
draw my vote. I forgot that I had paired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the votes will be withdrawn.
Mr. NICHOLSON. On all questions of this
sort, I have paired with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] I want to inquire if
any Senator on the other side can tell me how he
would vote on this question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Cameron is with us on
this question.
Mr, BINGHAM. I object to the Senator from
Tennessee voting.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I cannot vote, unless some
Senator on the other side will authorize me to do
so.
Mr. KING. I think the safer way would be
not to vote. Of course there are doubts about
everybody. I will not undertake to say how the
Senator from Pennsylvania would vote.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Bright,Clark,
Clmgman, Fessenden, Foot, Green, Ilunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, King, Mason, Pugh, Trumbull, Wade, WigfaiJ,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Crittenden, Dixon, Doug-
las, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Latham, Morrill, Poarce, Powell, Sebastian,
Simmons, Ten Eyek, and Thomson—19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being
equally divided, the Chair determines the question
in the affirmative. So the amendment is agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will barely remark that I
hope some Senator will change his vote. I am
satisfied that any amendmcnt'kills this measure.
I regard the proposition as defeated by the amend-
ment.
Mr. KING. How so?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am stating to the Senate,
in all candor, the facts in regard to the matter.
The House of Representatives has adjourned
until ten o'clock on Monday morning. It will be
utterly impossible, under their rules, to get the
amendment acted on there, between that hour and
the adjournment of Congress. The Senate migljt
as well defeat the measure. I am informed by
members of the House of Representatives, who
take great interest in the subject, that this amend-
ment, or any other, is equivalent to a defeat of the
measure. It is useless to send it to the House of
Representatives with any amendment whatever.
Mr. PUGH. If the members of the House of
Representatives are really in earnest, in making
any proposition which could relieve public appre-
hension, I am confident they never will refuse to
agree to an amendment of the Senate which puts
tKeir intention into good English. If they do not
intend it; if all this has been merely playing false
with the Senate and with the country, the sooner
we understand it the better. In my opinion, this
proposition, even as it stands, is of verv little
practical consequence. It declares that no" future
amendment of the Constitution shall ever confer
upon Congress the power to abolish slavery within
the States. The Constitution does not confer that
power to-day. Every Senator on this floor, of all
parties, agrees to that. I venture to saythatthere
is not even a Senator on my right (the Republi-
can side) who pretends that the Constitution of
the United States, to-day, authorizes Congress to
abolish slavery within a State.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. COLLAMER.
Not one.
Mr. PUGH. This merely declares that no
future amendment shall authorize it. But a fu-
ture amendment may be passed by a two-thirds
vote, which will as equally supersede this as su-
persede the present Constitution. If this had
provided that the article itself should not be
amended, except with theconsent ofall the States,
then it would have had some practical benefit.
Even as it stands, it is of no more value to-d$y
towards the pacification of the country, than the
Constitution as it now exists—not a particle.
The only thing valuable which I see in it is, that
it invokes the States themselves in their sovereign
capacity, to consider the fact that this Congress,
by the shortness of its term, has been unable to
arrive at a satisfactory conclusion. If I am told by
my honorable friend from Illinois, that the House
of Representatives has been juggling with us and
juggling with the country, that it will insist upon
bad grammar rather than vote a proposition to
