1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cessors, having equal authority, could rescind their acts.
As to the second point, he coifld not admit it to be well
founded. An act to which the States, •bythelr Legislatures,
make themselves parties,^becomes a compact from which no
one of the parties can lecede of itself. As to the first point,
he observed that a new s>et of ideas seem to have ciept in
since the ArtieIe«of Confederation were established. Con-
ventions, of the people or with power derived expressly
from the people, were not then thought of. The Legisla-
tures wercoensideicdas competent. Their ratification lias
toeen acquiesced m without complaint. 7'o whom have
Congress applied on subsequent occasions for further pow-
ers? To the Legislatures, not to the people. The fact is,
that we exist at picsent, and we need not inquire how, jw
<a Federal society, united by a chaiter, one aiticlc of which
is, that alterations therein may be made by the legislative
authority of the States. K has been said that, if the
Confederation is to be observed, the States must unani-
mously concur in the proposed innovations. lie would
•answer that, if such were the uigency and necessity of our
situation as to warrant a new compact among a part of the
States, founded on the consent of the people, the same
pleas would be equally valid in favor of a partial compact,
founded on th,e consent of the Legislatures.
"Mr. Williamson thought the resolution (the nine-
teenth) so expressed as that it might bo submitted either
to the Legislatures or to conventions recommended by the
Legislatures. He observed that some Legislatures weie
evidently unauthorized to ratify the system, flc thought,
too, that conventions were to fee prcferied, as more likely
to be composed of the ablest men in the States.
"Mr. GouvernedrMorris considered the inference of
Mr. Ellsworth from the piea of necessity, as applied to the
establishment of a new system on the consent oi the peo-
ple of a part of the States, in favor of a like establishment
on the consent of a part of the Legislatures as a non sequi-
$ur. !f the Confedeiation is to be pursued, no alteration
can be made without the unanimous consent of the Legis-
latures. Legs-iative alterations not con (bun able to the Fed-
•eial compact would cleailv not be valid. The judges would
'consider them as null and void. Whereas, in case of an
appeal to the people of the United States', the supreme au-
thority, the Fedeial compact may be altered by a majority
of them, in like manner as the Constitution of apaiticuiar
State may he altered by a majoiiiy of the people of the
State. The amendment moved by Mr. Ellswailh crronc-
<onsly supposes that wc are proceeding on the basis of the
Confederation. This convention is unknown to the Con-
federation.
" Mr. King thought with Mr. Ellsworth, that the Le^is-
4atuie  had a competent authonty, the acquiescence of the
people of America m the Confedcidtnm being equivalent
to a toimal ratification by the people. lie thought with Mr
Ellsworth, also, that the plea of necessity was as valid in
the one case as in the other. At the same tune he pre-
ferred a reference to the authority o{ the people, especially
■delegated to conventions, as the most cei tain means of ob-
viating all disputes and doubts concerning the legitimacy
of the new Constitution, as well a& the most iikely means
of drawing forth the best men in the States todocide oil it.
He remarked that, among other objections made in the State
■of New York to granting powers to Congress, one had been
that such powers as would operate withm the States could
not be reconciled to the Constitution, and therefore were
not grantabie by the Legislative authority. lie considered it
as of some consequence also, to get rid of the scruples
•which some members of the State Legislatures might de-
rive irom their oaths to support and maintain the existing
-constitutions.
" Mr. Madison thoughtit clear that the Legislatures were
incompetent to the proposed changes. These changes would
make essential inroads on the State constitutions; and ii
would be a novel and dangeious doctnne that a Legisla-
ture could change the constitution under which it held its
existence. Theie might, indeed, be soinc constitutions
within the Union which had given a power to the Leg^la-
tuie to concur in alterations of the Federal compact. But
theie weie certainly some which had not; and, in the case
of the>c, a ratification must of necessity be obtained fioui
the people, lie considered the difference between a sys-
tem founded on the Legislatuies only and one founded on
the people to be the true difference between a league or
treaty and a constitution. The former, in point of moral
■obligation, might be as inviolable as the latter; in point of
political operation, there were two important distinctions
in favor of the latter: first, a law violating a treaty ratified
by a prefexisting law might be respected by the judges as a
law, though an unwise or perfidious one. A law violating
a Constitution established by the people themselves would
■be considered by the judges as null and void. Secondly,
the doctrine laid down by the law of nations in the case of
treaties is, that a breach of any one aiUcle by any of the
parties, frees the other parties from their engagements. In
the case of a union of people under one constitution, the
nature of the (act has always been understood to exclude
such an interpretation. Comparing the two modes, m point
•of expediency, he thought all the considerations which rec-
ommended this convention in prefeience to Congiess, for
proposing the reform, were in favor of State conventions,
in preference to the Legislatures, lor examining and adopt-
ing it.
" On the question, on Mr. Ellsworth's motion, to refer
the plan to the Legislatures of the States—-
" Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland—av, 3.
"New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia—no, 7 "—
The Madison Papers; Containing Debates on the Confeder-
ation and Constitution. Supplement to EilioWs Debates, vol.
5 ; pp. 352, 3f)3, -3M, 355, -&3G.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, that explains
■what the framers of this Government intended
it should b<:; and vet men will refer to that very
question there decided—seven against it, and three
for it—and say that that decision was in favor of
making a confederation, instead of a national Gov-
ernment; and every argument that has been made
on the opposite side of the Chamber has treated this
Constitution as in the nature of a league or treaty.
A compact broken in one part is broken in all
parts, said Mr. Webster. I agree with that; but
did he ever say this Constitution was a compact?
Never; never. .Quotations are made from emi-
nent men, who make speeches either to get votes
or to get nominations, and they are adduced here
as constitutional authority. I read this very de-
bate and another here fourteen years ago, in the
presence of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ma-
son.] I read what that gentleman's distinguished
ancestor said on this constitutional question. I
read it, too, upon another portion of this sub ject
that I shall call his attention to; and, I think, I
shall mention whatreplyhemade about that time;
but 1 am now upon this Constitution, and upon
the fact that every Senator who has made an ar-
gument upon this question in favorof the rightof
a State to secede, has based it upon the argument,
and solely upon the argument, that the Constitu-
tion is a treaty, and not a Constitution. I agree
that a treaty which is broken in one part is broken
in all, and frees everybody. That was Mr. Mad-
ison's doctrine; but he said that a constitution
formed by the people is not a compact, but a pact
that excludes such an interpretation. Yet, every-
body on the other side says it is a compact; and
the distinguished Senator from Texas says that
the old men who made this Constitution, of all
things m the world, knew nothing about it; that
they were very good men for generals, and such
like, but they knew nothing about the Constitu-
tion. Well, sir, they are good enough authority
for me. I would rather read their authority than
any other I could get. Imakenoargumentuponit.
I call the attention of the Senator from Virginia
to what he said this morning about referring these
resolutions to the people. He said he was against
letting the people vote on these resolutions. His
distinguished ancestor said he held it of the first
importance, that this Government should rest on
the will of the people; but it has got to be un-
fashionable now; the people arc not to be trusted
ill this age. I have as abiding faith ill them now
as the fathers had when they made this Constitu-
tion; and howdid they comeout? Lookatyour
seventy years'experience under this Constitution.
Did they trust the people in vain? I hope not; I
knowtheydid not. It was the faithof thefathers.
Let us live by it, and stand by it. 1 know that I
shall be tedious if I go into that debate; and there-
fore I dismiss it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interpose a word ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. What I said implied no distrust
of the people whatever. What I said referred
entirely to the theory of this Government. This
Government, as I understand, is a confederation
of States: and when the people are spoken of in
the Constitution, it means the people of each State
separation, as a separate independent political com-
munity, each State being sovereign. Now, I un-
derstand the scope of this resolution is to refer a
question of constitutional amendment, not to the
States or to the people of the States, a3 separate
independent political communities, but to refer it
to tile people of all the States as a general mass.
I say that the Constitution never contemplated
that the people of the United States, as a mass, a
homogeneous mass, should be the parties to the
Federal Government; and therefore, withoutany
distrust of the people in their separate States, I
never can agree to convert the form of govern-
ment we now have, from a confederation of Re-
publics into a consolidated Government. And,
interrupting the Senator for a moment longer, I
would refer to the fact, that when the Constitution
contemplates amendments to be made to it, they
arc amendments to be made to it by the States, as
States, either by their Legislatures or by conven-
tions, as may be arranged; but in each instance
the amendments are to be made by States, and
those amendments would not be carried by a popu-
lar vote, but each State would give one single vote
and one only upon the amendments. The State
which the honorable Senator represents, with its
population, would give a vote equal to the State
represented by the Senator from New York—a
single vote. There was no idea of leferring it
broadcast to the people, as a consolidated mass.
Thot is all I wish to say.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did understand the Sen-
! ator to make the objection. Ii"! read these resolu-
tions aright, these amendments are-to be adopted
if they are approved of by the people of -throe
fourths of the States, each State having but one
vote. That is the way I read the resolutions.
One of them, I am pretty sure, says so. I read
it yesterday. I agree that the Senator is -right in
saying that the amendments are to be-referred to
the people of the States, and that the original
proposition was made to the people of the States;
and why was it? It was because this Constitu-
tion took from the State authorities many of the
powers that the people had given to their State
Legislatures; and they were not going to have a
mass meeting, and let the people of Virginia take
away the rights that had been given by the people
ofSouth Carolina to theirState Legislature. They
must be the same constituent body that granted
these rights to their State government, that should
take them back again and grant them to this Gov-
ernment. That is the distinction. Nobody else
was competent to take away the rights of the
people of Rhode Island but the people of Rhode
IslantTthemsclves; and so with all the rest of the
States. That is the reason, and the only reason,
that this Constitution was sent to the States; not
because it was a confederation, as the Senator
reiterates again to-day, but because powers were
given in the Constitution to the national Govern-
ment, that could not be taken from the States by
anybody but those who gave those powers to
them; and they took those powers from the States
in ratifying this Constitution, and gave them to
the national Government. I have no doubt the
Senator from Kentucky, m his resolutions, has
provided the same mode that is pointed out. in the
Constitution, to let the people vote in each State
for or against these amendments. Am [ mistaken
in that?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The resolutions which
I offered provided no means of that sort; but the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigi,er] has
been so good as to introduce a bill here prescrib-
ing the mode in which the vote shall be taken, as
it was taken at the presidential election, and by
the same officers.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have seen it somewhere
in the printed proceedings. That would certainly
be the way. There is no other way to do it un-
der the Constitution. Every suggestion, every
argument made use of by every man who spoke
in this debate in the Convention as to whether the
Constitution should be ratified by the Legisla-
tures or by the people, no matter whether they
were in favor of a Confederation or in favor of a
national Government, furnishes a complete an-
swer to all the arguments that have been brought
up here of the right of a State to secede. Mr,
Ellsworth, as much of a Federalist as he was,
denied that right under the confederation; and
every national man from that time down has
always denied it.
Now, Mr. President, having disposed of that
question, so far as I choose to speak on it in this
connection, I come to the provisions for its amend-
ment; and I have to say to my worthy and dis-
tinguished friend from Kentucky that I consider
his plan grossly violative of the Constitution it-
self. He knows that I speak .of it kindly; but I
cannot in my conscience believe otherwise than I
have stated. I know these troubles. I feel as
much regret as I know he feels at such unwar-
rantable troubles brought upon us from so trifling
causes, as I conceiye; but I cannot vote for these
resolutions, because I think they violate the very
spirit of the instrument under which we sit here.
Here is a proposition to add five new sections to
the Constitution,and to make them and two clauses
of the present Constitution irrepealable and una-
mendable. I should like to ask the Senator if he
has thought quite well enough, and is quite cer-
tain enough, that these propositions are sound, to
make them, like the laws of the Medes and Per-
sians, unalterable, in a free Government? I have
read them over but twice. I knowthey are wholly
impracticable m Rhode Island. We have no such
thing in Rhode Island as a county organization
that you can sue to recover the value of a slave.
You must have somebody to sue. You must
have an organization. I have not read them with
a view to criticise them. I am speaking of them
generally. Here is an instrument founded by our
fathers. 11 has been in operation three quarters
of a century, and the country-has flourished under
