1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
I would to quiet the country and to restore the
Confederacy as it existed but a short time since.
I am one of those who recognize the great diffi-
culties that are in the way of that restoration. I
see it can only come about by a reconstruction;
and if there is any hope held out to the country
that that reconstruction will take place, it should
be by passing through this body measures that
will give confidence in both sections that, if they
are carried out, this Government may go on upon
its old foundations.
Sir, I come from a State not directly interested
in this slavery question. I have no authority to
speak for the people I represent here on this ques-
tion, because they speak for themselves. Nobody
is authorized to speak for that State on this floor,
as to what they will or will not do; because they
are a thinking people, and will be governed by the
dictates of truth and honor, disregarding the opin-
ions of those whom they have sent here to legislate
on other subjects. They love the Union, and ar-
dently desire to have it perpetuated. Acting on my
own sentiments, believing that the representation
of the Pacific coast, by acting as a body, in voting
together in favor of some compromise that would
quiet both sections of the country , might do much
good, I have not spoken on this question, but
waited for the time to come when I could vote. I
believe the passage of this House resolution, if
that is to be all that will be done by the Senate,
will not quiet the country and lestorc the Union
that the people of California so love and vener-
ate; and for that reason, I shall not be privy, by
my vote, to the passage of this joint resolution,
as the only measure that is to pass through Con-
gress. Give us some guarantee that the Critten-
den resolutions shall pass the Senate before we
adjourn, and by the aid of Republican votes, and
I will withdraw my opposition to the House res-
olution. It would gladden the hearts of millions
of our people, if the Crittenden resolutions should
pass this Senate, even in the expiring hours of
this Congress.
i Mr. BAKER. Mr. President,! have not been
without hope that some Senators on this side ot
the Chamber voted upon the amendment without
the reflection which they intend to give before
tliey vote again. It is a mistake from the begin-
ning;'to the end to suppose that anybody pretends
tli.it (lie mere passage of this resolution is a set-
tlement of the complicated questions at issue be-
tween the two sections of the Confederacy. I do
nut apprehend that anybody proposes this as a
settlement. The most that can he said about it
is, that it is one step towards it. It is not, how-
ever, upon that view at all that I feel inclined to
place it. I put it upon an entirely different ground.
It is this—I address myself for the moment now
to the Republicans: for more than twenty years
I have been arguing before the people that all the
objection made by our southern brethern to vis,
that we really did intend to interfere with their
domestic institutions, was untrue and unfounded.
I have really believed that; I do believe that to-
night; and 1 am anxious, upon the most solemn
occasion which offers to me in my hfe, to rocoid
my expression of it. <
Now, what is the objection to it? There are
many gentlemen here who consider themselves
pledged against compromise. Sir, there are many
tin ins of expression about compromise. One set
of gentlemen say." 110 compromise with traitors.
Well, I am sorry to believe that South Carolina,
Mississippi, and Alabama are traitors in that
s.'iise of the word. Whether it is to be a suc-
cessful treason or not, tnne is to determine; but I
will go with my friends upon this side of the
Chamber and say, "no compromise with tuu-
tors." More than that; 1 will say, " no compro-
mise with threats of secession.'' That is a long
way to go. That is not the question here. 1 am
not proposing compromise with anybody, much
less with traitors. When I go to North Carolina
and say, " let us vote for this resolution, I do
not say, " I offer you this to stay in the Union."
I have an abiding hope that they do not mean to
go out. When 1 say to Virginia. " come, let us
vote for this resolution," 1 do not mean to say,
Virginia, you are going out of the Union, and
1 mean to keep you in." 1 say it becausc I be-
lieve you are not; because I really do want fel-
lowship and brotherhood with you; and therefore
1 vote for this to allay your apprehensions. Nay,
moie than that, I vote for it to remain consistent
How often in my life, debating in earlier days, I
will not say better ones, with my distinguished
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] when his
Democracy has led him to say, and I have no
doubt to believe, that the old Whig, or more es-
pecially a Republican party, were not inclined to
five,by their action, guarantees to the South,have
contended that we never had a dream of inter-
fering with their domestic institutions. Now,
sir, what I have said upon the stump, what I
have said in debate, what I have said in essay and
discussion, I believed then, I believe now, and I
will vote for. Why not?
Mr. CHANDLER. With the leave of the
Senator from Oregon, I move that the doors be
opened. There are very many ladies in the gal-
lery, and their friends are out in the corridors,
and I move that the galleries be opened.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is the motion in order at
this time < ....
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion is in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. We have numerous con-
stituents who have arrived in town to-night, who
are anxious to wttness the deliberations of this
body. The other House has adjourned over to
Monday; and they will never have another op-
portunity to see us, because next week we shall
be in executive session all the time. I hope the
doors will be opened.
Mr. WIGFALL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I ask whether this motion can
intervene in the midst of discussion on another
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the nature
of a privileged question.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE (when his name was called) said:
Not knowing whether we are legislating for the
country or the galleries, I vote " nay;" being in
doubt.
The result was then announced—yeas 24, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. linker, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Ool-
lamer, Crittenden, I)i\on, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Grimes, Hale, ifailan, Johnson ot Tennessee, King,
Latham, Moirill, Htmimms, Ton Eyok, Tiumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Biglei, Ilia™, Bright, Chngman, Fitch,
Green, Gwin, Hemphill, ilimtei, .lolinson of Arkansas,
Lane, Mason, Peaic, Folk, Powell, I'ugli.Itiee, Sebastian,
anil VVigtall—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will cause the donrs on the right ot the
Chair to be opened,and on the left also, for spec-
tators generally. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Olno to the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 80;) and upon this question
the yeas and liays have been ordered.
Mr. PUGII. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to withdraw the demand for the yeas
and nays. I made it myself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, and others, ob-
jected .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. BAKER. I think I was entitled to the
floor. 1 gave way merely to the motion to open
the doors, as a privileged question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
the Senator's pardon.
Mr. BAKER. I believe I had about defined what
I intended to say. If I were to add anything, it
would be this: I am not without hope that my
past political life, in the presence of the few friends
and Lhe few enemies who have noticed it at all,
bears me witness 
[Great confusion was created by the rush of
spectators into the galleries, on the doors being
opened, the noise drowning Mr. Baker's voice.]
Mr. F1TCII. I move that the Senate adjourn.
It is impossible to do business here this evening.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the motion will be
nut, and that the Senate will adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' The Chair has
been unable to hear any motion.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To adjourn or take
a recess?
Mr. FITCH. To adjourn.
Mr. CLARK, Mr. i-IALE, Mr. FESSEN-
DEN, and others, called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I would suggest that there
are bills not yet signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps, if the call
for the yeas and nays was withdrawn by unani-
mous consent 
Mr.PUGH. I object.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr.BINGHAM. I hopeweshall notadjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
give directions to the Sergeant-at-Arms to admit
no more persons into the galleries, 011 the right,
than can be comfortably seated; and direct the
doorkeepers, when that is the case, to see thatno
more are admitted.
Mr. MASON. It is very manifest to me that
the Senate is under the control of lawless power,
that interferes with its deliberations. I shall
therefore vote to adjourn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Bragg, Bright, Clingman, Fitch, Green,
Hemphill, Mason, Polk, l'ugh, and Wigfall—lO.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Chandler, Clark, Colla-
mer, Critt"nden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Glimes, Hale, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Latham, Morrill, Nicholson, Peiirce,
Rice, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wiison-30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio;
and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I had hoped that permis-
sion would have been given to my friend from
Ohio to substitute another amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I ask to withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I intimated when I was
up before that I regarded this amendment as im-
material, and waived my vote for it; but, 011 hear-
ing the proposition read, which I had not an op-
tunity of reading, for it had not been printed, I
shall adhere to my vote; and I only hope, if this
amendment i3 to be adopted, that the Senator from
Ohio will move another one, which 1 believe
would be of practical value.
Mr. BAKER. Would the Chair be kind enough
to explain to me how I keep losing the floor all
the time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Oregon to say that he had
finished. If he had not, he is still entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BAKER. I had not finished. I am only
afraid the Chair thought I ought to have finished
I gave way for a motion to adjourn merely. I
can close my remarks in five minutes.
I meant to say, that in either aspect, if there
are two in which such questions may generally be
viewed, it appears to me, we shall make a great
mistake if we do not vote for the amendment. I11
the first place, as a Republican, what will be said
of me next year, when I attempt to refute the
charge so often made, and so powerfully made,
that we really do, in our secret hearts, intend to
inteifere with slavery in the States—what will he
said of me if 1 refuse (if I do refuse) to vote for
this amendment to put the question at rest for-
ever? I cannot say I am threatened, and there-
fore I will not; I cannot say I am opposed to
compromise, and therefore I will not; becausc no
threat is offered on this subject, and 110 compro-
mise proposed. 1 am not compromising with any-
body. I am not conceding anything. I am only
saying, by my solemn vote in the Senate, what I
have been swearing by the throne of God all my
hfe on the stump. I repeat, I believed it then,
and 1 believe it now.
The honorable gentleman from Arkan-saw, or
Arkansas—I am not sure which it is yet—says
the South will do very wrong to take this, becausc
it deludes them. Deludes them in what ? It only
convinces reasonable men of what they have heie-
tofore doubted. It is a pioposition upon our part
to make that certain which we have always said
could be rendered certain, I do not delude my
honorable friend from Arkansas by saying sol-
emnly, I do not propose to interfere with slave ly
in the States. I never will do it. I will agree it
never shall be done. i do not delude him in that.
I am too considerate to believe that, it Arkansas,
with the Senator at its head, proposes to go out
