406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
it as no other country has ever before done under
heaven. There is in that instrument but one
single clause irrepealable, and that is the clause
which gives the State of Rhode Island as many
Senators as the State of Kentucky. That you
cannotrepeal withoutunanimous consent, and that
is the only one that now remains. There was
another about slaves, but the time has gone by,
and laws have been passed on the subject.
Now, I put thiscorr^parisonto the Senator from
Kentucky: suppose that he and myself and eleven
others had concluded, to form a business partner-
ship under articles of agreement, and we had
agreed to pay in $1,000 each, for the purpose of
trying to raise water-rotted hemp in Kentucky;
we inserted in our articles of agreement that any-
body who would put in $1,000 could come in upon
the footing of the original partners, and that the
business should not be altered without a vote of
three fourths of the partners. That would be fair.
Well, we thirteen went on and took in partners
and raised hemp, and divided twelve per cent.
That would be a fair business, not as prosperous
as this country has been, but it would be a remu-
nerative business. Suppose we took in new part-
ners until we got in thiity-nine besides ourselves.
Then there are thirty-nine new ones, who can
make a constitutional majority over the old thir-
teen. They conclude among themselves, in a
meeting in Wall street, (for if it paid twelve per
cent, it would be from there the new partners
would come, and not from farmers, as we are,)
and determine, by their vote of thirty-nine against
the old thirteen, todrophemp-raisingand go into
slave trading. We should remonstrate. We
should say: "That is an illegal business; it is
profitable, to be sure, but it is illegal, and you
nave no right to change this concern into an ille-
gal one." They would say: " It was legal when
you made this bargain; you old fogies have
changed it since, but we had nothing to do with
changjngthis law; it was lawful traffic originally,
when,the contract was drawn;" and they persist
in it. We look over the contract, and although
it is very different from our understanding of what
we have agreed to do, yet he and I would be
obliged to submit. We are law-abiding men; we
believe in contracts. Hut suppose, after getting
us into the slave trade, they should make another
provision, that this last speculation never should
be altered without the unanimous consent of the
whole partnership; that we should continue the
slave trade as long as there was a thief or a liar in
the concern. What would he think of that? We
would not agree to it, 1 know. He would say:
"This is carrying the business too far."
That is just the proposition now here. We
want to alter this Constitution from what I ho
fathers made it. We want to alter the mode of its
amendment,and put in seven newclauses that can
never be repealed, no matter what public senti-
ment may be, without a unanimous vote; so that
one single State, if we have forty, can prevent
the repeal of any one of them. 1 know, when 1
address mysell'as 1 do to the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, that he would not vote for that
proposition himself undcranycircumstances. He
would contrive some other method to heal these
troubles; and I would go with him with all my
heart; but do not let us tear up this old instrument
under which we have prospered, which he glories
in as much as 1 do. I do not want to make a
speech about it; but I know when I love my coun-
try and its Constitution. No,man can make me
believe that I do not venerate that instrument;
that I do not venerate the Union that it formed.
I am under no apprehension whatever that there
is a man who hears me that doubts my regard for
every one of these States in the Union, and their
institutions. 1 love Kentucky. 1 love South Car- |
olina. I lived among them more than fifty years
ago. I have partaken of their hospitalities. I
have walked to the same churches with them, and
knelt at the same altar; and a more hospitable
people never lived. But as much as I love them,
1 say their present conduct is utterly unworthy ,
of them; and the Senator from Kentucky must j
know that as well as I do. Because they want i
to cut up capers, are we going to tear up that
instrument to appease them? Not we. Let them
have a little bit of a frolic, if they want to. I
do not want to whip them. That is not my no-
tion. I do not want to hurt them.
I love Georgia. I lived with them fifty years
ago. I have been out there on patrol in the night
to watch. They were frightened about insurrec-
tion. There is always danger, they think. I
never was afraid there in my life. The only
place where I ever saw any of this negro equality,
as it is called, was in Georgia. A man kept a
hotel in what was formerly the seat of govern-
ment. It was a tavern, a very large one, kept
by a Frenchman of the name of Posener. He
invited me one day to go up and see his wife. I
was a boy at the time. I went up, and found she
was a great, burly negress. [Laughter.] I had
nothing to say about her. That was the only
time I ever saw that, and I was disgusted with it.
I never saw it in New England in my life, much
as the talk is about negro equality there. These
Georgia people can stand their own troubles very
well; but when there arc any troubles down in
Massachusetts, they get in a violent passion.
They will have amalgamation and negro equality
all around them there at the capital of the govern-
ment; but I do not want to say anything about it.
I dislike it, to be sure; but it is not best to make
a noise about it.
The Republican party cannot insert a portion
of the Declaration of Independence into its plat-
form, but it is said that we mean the social equal-
ity of the negroes. I wonder if Jefferson meant
that when he wrote it. These old men that signed
it did not think any such thing. It is " young
America" that has brought their doctrine into
disrepute. Our distinguished Vice President, in
a speech last year, read an old resolution of the
Republican party of 1856, in which the word
" equality" was not in. It was left outfor some
reason or other. It was copied from that old-
fashioned Declaration; and he said that a careful
scrutiny of it would show it meant negro equal-
ity. There was not a word about equality in it.
I do not know where begot it; but 1 suppose all
that was there was copied from Jefferson. We
cannot make a platform but what a diseased im-
agination can torture it into anything, especially
in these times. I have been to these national con-
ventions ever since I can remember—not always
as a delegate. The first one I went to, Rhode Is-
land had the honor of voting for the author of
these resolutions for Vice President of the United
States; and if the rest of them had been as wise
as we were, we should have had power to this
day, in my deliberate judgment, taking what prov-
identially happened; but we caught a Tartar.
I have never voted for a President m my life
since I was a voter, when I did not prefer a man
born in a'slave State to one born in a free State.
I have voted for forty years or more, and I al-
ways preferred them; notbccause they lived there,
hut because they happened to have done more for
their country, in my opinion, than the candidates
in our end of the country. Whenever I was in
a convention, I never voted for anybody that was
not born in a slave State; and whenever there has
been anybody up for President, and there were
electors running in my State for a man born in a
slave State, I voted for him without caring where
he was born. I was for Mt. Clay against Mr.
Adams in 1821; and if there had been any ticket
run in my State I would have voted for him, al-
though Mr. Adams was a good man and gave us
one of the best administrations I ever knew. I
never had but one idol, and I never mean to have
another in the shape of a man. It is almost as
bad as to set up cotton for king.
I mean to treat this subject with all the gravity
that its dimensions demand. I know it is one of
the most difficult questions. I have thought of
it, and looked into the fire more than a hundred
hours since I have been here, not sayinga word,
to try if I could see the way out peaceably; and
I am just as young as my youngest boy aboutit.
Nobody has any experience in such questions as
this; for nobody ever dreamt that mankind would
have such folly as is now exhibited. What are
they quarreling about? Literally nothing. This
Government has been in theirhands, as was said
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] for the
last eight years. Practically, the South have had
this Government for sixty years out of seventy-
two; and they talk about sectionalism, and some
of the remedies to get rid of a sectional party are,
to make a sectional constitution, run aline through,
and give half to one side where there is one third
the people! The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] wants a sort of double Executive—after
the Siamese pattern-i-a first king and a second
king. [Laughter.] He wants to elect them both,
and let both have a veto. We have been pestered
enough with vetoes since I have been here; and
I would rather take the veto away from the one
man than give it to two. You cannot get along
with this Government, it seems, unless you let
the minority rule some way or other. That is
the whole practical question now. The minority
want to rule, and they are afraid of the people-
literally so.
I wish I could see a proposition that I could
hear somebody who was disaffected say wouI'd
satisfy him. 1 have not heard one of them say
so. The Senator from Texas said if we would do
about forty things that he knew we would not
do, he would then consider. That is the nearest
approach to a settlement that I have heard. [Laugh-
ter.] If we would stop the pulpits, burn the school-
houses, suppress the newspapers, imprison the
Abolitionists, and break up this Government,
everything that is here now, ho would think
about staying in. [Laughter.] He would take it
into consideration; he would not pledge himself,
he said. Oh, no! [Laughter.] Well, now, I like
tho Senator from Texas. I like him on account
of his 44 bettcrhalf." [Laughter.] She came from
Rhode Island; and he will take anything I say on
her account, I know, without feeling unkindly to
me.
Mr. President, it is a great question. These
people who have seceded will find a bigger sum
than they ever ciphered out before. I want to
see how they will cipher it out, before we move.
Let those people that are afraid take care. I
am not afraid. If I were, I should take care. I
would do any thing in reason to remove this dis-
satisfaction. I feel mournful when I think of it.
But I want somebody that is troubled, and wants
it relieved, to suggest how we can relieve it.
Kentucky is as loyal a State as ever was in the
Union. They want something, I know. The
people have been aroused by this election, as
is natural. All presidential elections excite a
gieat deal of feeling; and for that reason it is thy
worst time in the world to try to amend the Con-
stitution. They have talked it so long that they
i begin to believe it themselves, that the Republi-
can party means to endanger their institutions. L
said here four years ago, when I first took my
seat under a new name—I used to come under
another name—I was about the same man I was
before—and 1 said that if I found myself in a
party that undertook to disturb the institutions of
the South, I would quit that party immediately.
So I will. I have been in it now four years, and
I have yet to see or hear the first man among our
party who proposes any such thing. I have no
such party attachment as would keep me in a
party that I thought meant to break, the Consti-
tution.
As to the President elect, he is from Kentucky.
All his social ties arc in Kentucky. As has been
well remarked by a Senator, he has not only said
what he would do, but he has said whathe would
not do; and I do not believe there can be two in-
ferences about that. Some candidates only say
what they will do ; but Mr. Lincoln has not left
you to infer what he will not do. He has told
you himself what he will not do. That is the
man we have elected; and you can find in his
record that he will not disturbslavery anywhere.
He is against any such thing; and if he were not,
he has family connections, social ties, and kin-
dred,that would prevent him. These arc higher
guarantees than parchment. I would rather have
the fervent, effectual prayer of a righteous man
for this Union, than all you can write on parch-
ment to save it.
I thought when I got up that I would keep my
voice from rising, because when men's voices rise,
sometimes their feelings get the better of them. I
thought I would talk as if I was talking to my
brothers, making notarguments but suggestions.
No man felt more deeply impressed with the beau-
tiful effort of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] than I did. Itcamefrom the right quar-
ter to give peace. But the very next speech that
was made after it, was the bitterest I have heard
in the Senate. That was the response. I say this
with the utmost kindness to my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr Polk,] who made that speech. It was
very bitter. The effort of the Senator fiom New
York did not seem to have appeased him at all.
