1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
of the Union, I can keep them in by the passage
of this resolution; and, sir, vith no disrespect to
him, 1 say that I shall vote for the resolution a
great deal more out of respect for myself than
respect to his opinions. 1 do not propose it to him
to delude him, but I do not intend anybody else
to delude anybody else about me; that is alt. If
that is any reason why gentlemen on the other
side should not vote for it, they may have the full
benefit of the declaration.
But now, beyond that, and higher than that, in
aview which I believe no man oughtto be unwill-
ing or ashamed to take without reference to party,
let us look at it. What do Senators say on the
other side? They say, here are nine States trem-
bling in the balance. They want to go out. Their
State pride is roused; their sectional pride is roused;
their democracy is roused; they desire to go out;
and they are being plied with arguments upon
every stump why they should go out; the great-
est and chiefestof all £eing their conviction of the
determined opposition of the free States to slavery
in the South. Now, not as a party man, but as
a national man, I propose to do my little to allay
that excitement; 1 propose to extinguish that
flame; I propose to destroy that argument. I
think it will help to quiet things in Virginia. I
know it will sustain good Union men in Ken-
tucky—how far, I do not know. As compromise,
as concession, it is not enough; it is none; but as
assurance, making that doubly sure which we
have asserted before, in my judgment, it may be
everything.
I add another word only. Gentlemen on this
side of the House, if you are going to kill this
measure, if you will not tell the truth on paper
here, by a vote of the Senate, what you have been
saying all your lives; if, although you really have
said it ana really have believed it, you will not
stick to it now, vote against it squarely. Do not
lot it be said we are going to write the epitaph on
this proposition, possibly, Mr. President, of this
Union; do not letussay, " died of bad grammar."
Do not let us put our objection to the amendment
itself upon a hypothesis that possibly, probably,
though by no means certainly, it is very bad Eug-
lish. The greatest sentiments in the world have
been expressed in very bad English. The noblest
things that Milton ever uttered—that wondeiful
essay upon unlicensed printing—is full of what we
now call bad English; Shakspeare yet more so.
Who ever believed that the force, the power, the
might, the spirit, the greatness, the grandeur of the
most immortal sentiments ever uttered, were de-
stroyed, or even marred, because, in the heat and
enthusiasm of honorable and glorious debate, men
did not stop to measure their words with the ac-
curacy that mere word-mongers would desire?
Why, sir, if I were ten times opposed to this meas-
ure, I would not seek to defeat it thus. I would
say, there is a measure not well written, but well
meant. If I really desire to accomplish that pur-
pose, I will risk the bad English. If I really
wantto defeat it, I will meet it fairly andsquarely
in the presence of my constituents and the world.
I did not expect to see the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, whom I have generally known where
to find exactly, opposing this proposition upon a
question of bad English on the one hand, or of
doubt of the sincerity of purpose of the House on
the other. We can pass this amendment. We
can put ourselves right. We can answer, as party
men, many of the objections made to us; and we
can do more than that: we can restore confidence
to many portions of the country that we do really
intend to do right to all sections of the Confed-
eracy. When we have accomplished that, we
have accomplished much.
Mr. GWIN obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me one moment?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
1 shall not say a discourteous word to the Sena-
tor from Oregon f know the State he is from.
I believe 1 knew it when he was from another. I
regret to say that 1 was not in the Chamber to
hear a portion of his remarks, i was called out
unavoidably. I hope the Senator has been mis-
construed bysome of my friends who heard him,
wno have thought that he has chosen to indulge
in personal disiespect to me.
Mr. BAKER. As we arc all straightforward,
let me set that right in a minute. I did not dream
of any disrespect to the Senator. I could not by
indirection, and I am sure I would not by direc-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Sir, I am glad
he meets it in the way he does. It is all right,
sir.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I do not object to
this resolution on account of its being bad gram-
mar. My objection goes a long way beyond that.
If it is to be a finality, it will not satisfy the coun-
try; it will not accomplish the object I have at
heart as much as man that breathes, to make us
again a united, prosperous, and happy people. I
hope that the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pggh,]
instead of making the issue upon this verbal alter-
ation, will offer as a substitute the resolutions of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
as they were matured in the Senate and voted
upon. That is, in my judgment, a measure which,
if it should pass the two Houses of Congress, or
even the Senate, would be greatly calculated to
quiet the excitement that now exists in the south-
ern States. Nothingshortof something approach-
ing that will have the beneficial cffects that we
should desire from any measure passing through
the Congress of the United States; and if we can-
not get the cooperation of the House, we ought
to pass them through the Senate. Sir, I believe,
if those resolutions had passed Congress at an
early period of this session, and been submitted
to the people, they would have been adopted by
a majority of millions; and upon that basis we
could have reconstructed this union, and put it
upon a foundation on which it would last for-
ever.
Mr. PUGH. I am sorry that the Senator from
Oregon has thought it necessary to go so far out
of his way as to speak of my proposition as a
word-monger. I merely proposed in regard to
the proposition of the House of Representatives,
to amend the Constitution of the United States,
that it should be expressed in good grammar.
There I was content to leave it, and there I did
leave it, and there the Senate accepted it; but, my
honorable friend, the Senator from Illinois,warned
the Senate that if we put this proposition into
good English, the House never would accept it.
Then I say the House has been dealing falsely
with the question; the House has never been sin-
cere upon the question.
Mr. BAKER. The Senator will allow me a
moment.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. *If he heard what I said, I so
understood him; but the meaning of what I said
was this: what then? Suppose the House has
been dealing insincerely with us? Is that any
reason now at this late hour, why we should de-
feat an essential proposition ? That is all I said.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly not, if it be an essen-
tial proposition; but I have appealed to the whole
Senate, if there be one Senator of any party, who
regards this proposition as adding one jot or tittle
to the Constitution as it now stands. I defy any
Senator of any party, if I take his past declara-
tions to be true, who will rise here this night, and
say that this adds anything to the present com-
pact between the States. It says that no future
amendment shall be made to give that power.
Well, a future amendment must be made by two-
thirds of the States, and this very proposition
itself maybe adopted by two-thirds of the States.
Now what have we gained? Where is it essen-
tial ? What is it worth ? It is not worth the paper
upon which it is written, except as a declaration
of the good faith of the men who voted for it; that
is all. If those gentlemen in the House of Repre-
sentatives who voted for it, were not m good faith,
if they would scruple upon a question of English
grammar, I would not give a fig for the effect of
their votes upon the country at large.
Now, sir, I was greatly in hopes that the Sen-
ate would have allowed me, by unanimous con-
sent, to withdraw the demand for the yeas and
nays, for I should then have withdrawn the amend-
ment, and come to something practical. As it will
be necessary under the rules of the Senate, despite
my wishes, that we shall come to a vote upon
this verbal amendment, I shall now propose an-
other amendment, which will be next in order,
which is to strike out all after the caption, <r Arti-
cle thirteen," and insert what I send to the Chair,
it is the Crittenden proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that this last amend-
ment is in the nature of a substitute. His first
amendment is an amendment to the original reso-
lution. The question upon his first amendment
must be put before the substitute is offered., .
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; I intended to withdraw
it, but was not allowed to do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose there will be no
objection to withdrawing it by unanimous con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unanimous
consent?
Mr. KING. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is objection made?
Mr. KING and others. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
by several Senators, and the question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say a word in reply
to the statement of the Senator from Ohio, that
this resolution does not do anything. The reso-
lution, if I understand its reading, declares that
the Constitution shall not hereafter be altered to
give this power to affect slavery in the States. I
ask the Senator from Ohio if it will not put that
particular branch of power, as to future amend-
ments, just where the equality of the representa-
tion of the States in the Senate is now put by the
original instrument. That is what I understand
it does. We have one clause in the Constitution
which you cannot amend, if you get seven eighths
of the States; and you can put another clause
there by a constitutional majority that you can-
not amend without getting the same votes as it
required by the amendment, in my judgment. If
this does it, it is not subject to the criticism that
the Senator puts upon it.
Besides, if it was subject to that criticism, do
you suppose three fourths of the States of this
Union, after having adopted an amendment in the
serious manner provided by the Constitution of
the United States, would ever deal- in bad faith
towards the other fourth? Never, never. That is
not the character of the American people, or of
the States of this Union; and whether this will
be any more binding than other provisions of the
Constitution, is not of serious import; because
none of these amendments will be made without
just cause, and good cause in the deliberate judg-
ment of the people. I consider this criticism upon
the doings of the House, therefore, to be unjusti-
fiable. 1 believe they have acted in good faith;
and I believe, in olden times, it would be consid-
ered out of order to reflect upon the House and
their conduct.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GREEN. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from New York, Mr. Seward.
Mr. POLK (after voting in the affirmative) said:
I wish to state that I had paired off with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, until nine o'clock. The
time has now passed; but still, as he ha's not yet
returned, I prefer to withdraw my vote, and will
accordingly do so, with the leave of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I shall not vote on this
question, as I am paired off with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, Mr. Cameron.
The result was then announced—yeas 17, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Chan-
dler, Olingman, Durkec, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, King, Lane, Mason, Pugh, Trumbull, Wigfall, and
Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Clark, Collamer, Critten-
den, Dixon, Douglas, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of
Tennessee, Latham, Morrill, Pearce, KIce, Sebastian, Sim-
mons, Ten Eyck, Thomson, and Wilkinson—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the other amendmentoffered by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. MASON. I desire to offer an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment pending which the Senator will allow to be
read.
Mr. MASON. I understand the amendment
pending is a substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to move a new
substitute for it? I desire to offer as an amend-
ment the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
