408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
in the country who could say as much as he did
with as much propriety. It is something like a
pendulum—the further it swings one way, of its
own momentum, it will swing just so much fur-
ther the other way. I keep pretty nearly right
up and down, as well as I can. I do not want to
be so straight that I must lean over, although I
am bent a little by age; and therefore I do not
mean to go very far from my moorings. I have
always held* to these opinions, and do not mean
to change them if I can help it. There may be
circumstances which will oblige me to do so.
But I regretted, more than anything else in this
debate, to sec a sort of disposition to heap every-
thing upon this Republican party, as if they made
this fuss. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] says: " I told you so three or four years
ago." I do not knottr but he did. There is a
great deal of logic in facts, and we have been
" told so" until we have carried pretty nearly all
the free States. A great deal of it came from its
being told that we meant to ruin the country. I
have said for the last three years to my friends of
the South, that I have met at the Springs, that 1
believe they had got to this pass, that nothing
would convince them that we were not a pack of
pickpockets and thieves, but for us to get power,
and then their stump-orators would cease to be
liars; because we should show them we had no
intention of hurting them, and nothing else would
prove it but our acts. I consider it providential
that we have got power so that these distinguished
men, before we all die out—old fogies as they call
us—may see that this Government can be admin-
istered by a Republican President to the benefit of
all his fellow-citizens in harmony and peace.
Now, I make what are called stump speeches
in my State and others; but I never make a speech
that I would not utter in the presence of every
candidate before the people; never. I was told
that up in Harrisburg,by a former distinguished
Senator from Virginia, VVatkms Leigh. He said
we must make stump speeches; and as we did not
know he told us how. He said that we must not
' say anything on the stump that we would not say
before acourt of justice under oath as to the truth.
That was his rule, and I have observed that rule
ever since. I srfid on the stump that I knew all
of the candidates before the country; and I be-
lieved they were all eminently able to administer
the Government. I would not say itnow, because
I have seen some things which makes it a little
doubtful. I think some of them arc pelting to be
sectional. But I said it then, and 1 believed it; and
I would not be a great ways oft* now if I were to
say it. I think they arc all good men now; but
I think they have got excited, and are a little dis-
posed to give up the doctrines that they main-
tained then. If they think they were wrong, I
commend them for giving them up.
I do not think there is a doctrine in our plat-
form that is subject to any just criticism; notone.
Now, why should we give it up? U says that
we mean to protect the States in their rights, and
especially the right to regulate their own institu-
tions in their own way. We polled nearly two
million votes, and these voters stand pledged to
that doctrine. The Senator from Illinois received
twelve or thirteen hundred thousand. Certainly
they stand pledged to it, and against, this doctrine
of interfering for the purpose of protecting slave
property in the Territories. There are three mil-
lion three hundred thousand voters opposed to any
such interference. They arc all against it. I
consider Mr. Bell's vote just as much on the Re-
publican side as I do Mr. Lincoln's. I count
anybody who voted against the other candidate.
I wanted our voters, where they could help Bell,
to vote for him. That was my feeling. 1 think
him an honorable, high-minded, and good man;
and so I may say of the other candidate; but I
do not believe he could have got three hundred
thousand votes in this country upon the secession
doctrine. Out of four million six hundred thou-
sand votes, he could not have eot three hundred
thousand in the country upon this secession plat-
form, in my deliberate judgment. He did not get
more than one sixth of the votes as it was. All
the i est of the candidates were diametrically op-
posed to this doctrine. Those six hundred thou-
sand nowcome here and demand thatall the others
shall throw up their platform, and break the Con-
stitution, in order to appease them.
That is just the doctrine, as I see it. That is
the logic of these facts; and I cannot get anything
else out of them. 1 ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky, if that is fair? He would not do it. He
and I will do anything that is right; but there is
no propriety in denouncing a great party that can
poll a million votes and more. Men have prin-
ciples, feelings, love of country, and they will not
be outraged by the surrender of their doctrines.
We cannot make our people do it. I might get
along with them if I could get home; 1 would talk
as well as I could to them; but they would be
mortified and chagrined at a surrender of principle.
I should like to make a congressional declara-
tion, if it is needed—and such declarations go a
great way—and let every man put his name on the
call of the yeas and nays in favor of it, assuring
the disquieted people of this country that they are
safe in our hands; that we mean to protect them
in their rights; that we mean to do everything
that brothers ought to do to brothers. I will vote
for such a declaration. I will do anything that I can
to appease these feelings that so agitate the coun-
try, arid even agree to alter the Constitution to do
it, if you do not put so many things in it. But
I would not undertake now to read these resolu-
tions through,and findoutexactly their positions
in a fortnight. I want to think of a thing as much
as a week after I have read it, to see how it is
coming out, before 1 am willing to speak on it.
The time has been when I couid get up here at
will and speak better, without knowing much
about the subject; give free vent to my feelings,
and go it at large. [Laughter.] But I am old
enough to know it is the easiest thing in the world
to be mistaken. I would now rather look it over
awhile. 1 hopo I have some reputation for speak-
ing pretty nearly what I think, after I do look it
over; and I do not want to lose it.
I have been told that there were propositions
here that would satisfy some of the old thirteen
States. I cannot help having a little more regard
for them. I do not want Georgia to leave us. I
do not want South Carolina to leave us. As to
one or two of the " boughten" States, I do not
believe we shall miss them much, anyhow. They
cost us ten times as much as they are worth, and
if they went to-morrow, it would not worry me
as much as it would to lose one of the old thirteen,
in which I have lived. 1 have lived under every
President that ever was elected in this country.
They were pretty good men. I like the old thir-
teen. I do not want Georgia or South Carolina
to go out. I remember, when I talked about their
banks in South Carolina, they complimented me
very much ;and I received letters every day thank-
ing mo for defending them against one of their
Senators, who never meant to say anything about
them; but they took the notion that he did. I wish
I could talk to them about going out of this Union.
I would beg of them, plead with them, and im-
plore them not to go. I would assure them that
they should have always a comfortable berth in
this country—better than they can get out of it.
As to Georgia, I have strong personal reasons
for loving that State, because 1 have lived in it;
and I have never lived in any State in which I
was not well treated. Rhode Island has great
public reasons for loving Georgia. The soil of
Georgia holds the ash'es of one of the noblest of
our x*evolutionary worthies—a man who was sec-
ond only to him who was peerless among men.
We want that dust before Georgia goes out of
this country. We want to place it in his native
land, by his kindred. Let not that dust go out of
the Union. We want to bring it to Rhode Island;
and when the last morning reveille shall beat, that
shall summon his spirit to reanimate that dust,
let him rise with the same flag waving over him
that was borne by those grateful, mournful, and
gallant Georgians when they laid him to rest. It
was then, is now, and I trust ever shall be, the
flag of the Union. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr.ANTHONY. Isthequestiononthcamend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire as
a substitute for the resolutions submitted by the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this amendment because I believe it to be ab-
stractly true, and because I would much rather
see the existing difficulties settled by a general
enforcement of the laws, and by a general obe-
dience to them, than by changing the Constitu-
tion to make it conform to any sectiohal or other
dissatisfaction. Yet I would by no means have
it understood that, by this vote, I commit myself
against all measures, or what, in my judgment,
may be any just and reasonable measure, intended
to compose the present difficulties.
It does not follow, because dissatisfaction is
unreasonable, that it should not be appeased;
especially does not this follow when the dissatis-
faction is caused by persistent misrepresentation,
which we may hope that time and reflection will
correct.
It is always with regret, and with distrust of
my own judgment, that I differ from the distin-
fuished Senator from Kentucky. Particularly do
regret that 1 am unable to agree with him in a
measure which he brings forward to settle the
difficulties which agitate and imperil the country.
Distinguished not more for his length of service
than for the ability and patriotism with which
that whole service has been illustrated, I had
been taught, before I knew him, to regard him as
the model of a statesman and a patriot; and my
acquaintance with him, not now short, has fully
justified the opinion with which I approached
him.
•* But, Mr. President, passing over other objec-
tions, I think there isa fatal defect in any attempt
to settle the territorial question by a constitutional
amendment. I do not believe that any amend-
ment that would be at all satisfactory to both sec-
tions could secure the assent of three fourths of
the States. Four States are already out of the
Union, so far as their own act can place them
without it; three others are waiting impatiently
for the forms of secession, which shall sever them
from the flag oftheircountry. Seven States would
refuse even to consider a proposition of amend-
ment to the Constitution. This would leave, in
all the other States, but one to spare from a con-
stitutional majority. To adopt an amendment to
the Constitution requires the assent of twenty-five
States; only twenty-six States would vote upon
it. It cannot be presumed that, in the present
agitated condition of the country, the passions of
men could calm down, and the minds of men
could be brought together with such unanimity,
that all the States but one would render their as-
sent to any proposition for settling the question
that has so long and so bitterly divided them.
I might refer to other objections. Even if the
measure should be passed immediately through
the Senate,and should receive the prompt assent
of the House—a very doubtful contingency—there
is not time, in the Atlantic States, before the 4th
of March, to pass upon it with the deliberation
due to so grave a matter. In the Pacific States,
the assent of one of which would be necessary to
its adoption, the vote certainly could not be taken
and the result transmitted here within that time.
I think, also, that theprovision which makes this
amendment applicable to all territory hereafter
acquired, will be regarded all over the North as
an invitation to fillibustcrism and a provocation
to war with Mexico. I know it was not so in-
tended by the Senator who proposed it, nor by
his colleague who accepted it; but such would be
the opinion of its practical effect, and in that ap-
prehension I confess I should largely share.
But, regarding the primary objection which I
have stated as sufficient to control my vote, I do
not care to discuss the others. I believe, Mr.
President, that if the danger which menaces us is
to be avoided at all, it must be by legislation;
which is more ready, more certain,and more likely
to be satisfactory, than constitutional amendment.
The main d ifficulty is the territorial question. The
demand of the Senators on the other side of the
Chamber, and of those whom they represent, is
that the territory south of the line of the Missouri
compromise shall be open to their peculiar prop-
erty. All this territory, except the Indian reser-
vation, is within the limits of New Mexico; which,
for a part of its northern boundary, runs up two
degrees above that line. This is now a slave Ter-
ritory; made so by territorial legislation; and sla-
very exists there,recognized and protected. Now,
I am willing, as soon as Kansas can be admitted,
to vote for the admission of New Mexico as a
State, with such constitution as the people may
adopt.
This disposes of all the territory that is adapted
