410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
tor from California, and I am willing to withdraw
it for the Senator from Vermont; but the Sena-
tor certainly perceives that this arrangement of
orders really amounts to nothing. If it is the
will of the Senate to take up his bill to-morrow,
it can be done; and 1 suggest to him that nothing
is gained by making it a special order, except
simply that the Chair is required to call up the
the bill at a particular hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me make the order.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no objections to fixing
it for a ccrtain time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the gentle-
man to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BIGLER. For the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont, that that mo-
tion being withdrawn, the Pacific railroad bill is
now before the Senate, and some disposition must
be made of it before the motion of the Senator can
be entertained.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing that that bill shall
be laid aside until the Senator can submit his
motion to make the Kansas bill the special order
for a future day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent, the bill now before the Senate may be
laid aside, none objecting, for the purpose of that
motion. It is so understood by the Senate.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now move that the bill
(H. R. No. 23) for the admission of Kansas into
the Union be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rfiove that it be made
the special order for Friday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agieed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GWIN". Now, as I understand, the Pa-
cific railroad bill is before the Senate,and will be
the unfinished business.
The 1JRES1D1NG OFFICER. That bill is
now before the Senate.
Mr, B1GLER. I renew the motion for an ex-
ecutive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideiation of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Vice President
be authorized to appoint a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, in place of the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay.]
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of (ho Senate to have my vote recorded in
opposition to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clakk] to (he joint reso-
lution of the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr Crit-
tenden] proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion, 1 was called out for an instant into the ante-
room, and deprived of the opportunity of voting.
I therefore make the request that my vote may
now be recorded.
Mr, COLLAMER and otheis objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Objection being made to the request
of the Senator from Illinois, it cannot be granted.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which theamendmentof the Senator from
New Hampshire was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entered.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to suggest that
the motion of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania can-
not be made properly at this stage. His motion
cannot be entertained until the vote disposing of
the resolutions shall have been reconsidered. Ac-
cording to the uniform practice, you can only
move to reconsider the last vote taken on a bill;
and then, if that is reconsidered, you can make a
motion to reconsider any previous action on the
bill; but! do not understand that you can skip
over subsequent action and go back to former
action, andreconsider that. These resolutions were
laid on the table by a vote of the Senate, and I
submit that the motion must be to reconsider the
vote laying them on the table, so as to get them
before the Senate; and then I apprehend, and not
till then, could a motion be made to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted.
It seems io me that this is the only way to reach it.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. A
motion to adjourn was made, and it has not been
withdrawn, and it is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the motion to adjourn to be with-
drawn.
Mr. HALE. The Senator who made it told
me it had not been.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I made the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But you were not recog-
nized.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope that motion will not
be persisted in. If it is, I shall ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not insist on it; I
thought we were through with business; but I am
willing that the Senate shall take its course. I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CAMERON. By consent of the Senator
from Illinois, I will vary my motion. 1 believe
it is always in order to give notice that you intend
to move a reconsideration, and I will so vary it
as to do that. That meets my object just as well
as the other course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw the motion to
reconsider the vote adopting the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire?
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that he must move first
to reconsider the last vote, that is, the vote to lay
on the table; and then move to reconsider the
next vote afterwards.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much obliged to
all my friends for their suggestions, but I think
I understand the subject; and I now give notice
that I intend to move the reconsideration of the
vote adopting the amendment to the resolutions.
I think that is perfectly in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
sires to understand the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. He wishes to know, in the first place, whether
the Senator withdraws the motion to reconsider
the vote adopting the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; that motion has
been entered, and I have had your decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator again to give notice that
he will make the motion hereafter.
Mr. BIGLER. One moment. The Senator
made a motion to reconsider the amendment. It
was contended that that could not be done, be-
cause a motion had not been made to reconsider
the voto disposing of the resolutions. The Sen-
ator's motion to reconsider the amendment was
entered. That, I hold, could be entered; but it
could not be considered without the resolutions
being first before the Senate. Now he gives no-
tice that he will move to reconsider the vote dis-
posing of the resolutions.
Mr. CAMERON. That is it.
Mr. BIGLER. That is perfectly in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I have understood the Chair
to decide that the motion was entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
decided.
Mr CAMERON. Then that is all I have to
do.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 16, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 55) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to change the name of the schooner
Spring Hill to that of the United States; when the
Speaker signed the same.
COMMITTEE OF TIIIRTY-TIIREE.
Mr. BIJRCH. I ask leave to submit a minority
report from the committee of thirty-three, and ask
that it be printed together with the majority report.
It was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickey, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill (S. No. 97) to au-
thorize the institution of a suit against the Uni-
ted States to test the title to lots numbered five
and six in the Hospital Square, in San Francisco;
also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the House
for the relief of Franklin Tony; and also, that the
Senate had passed a bill (No. 539) to continue in
force an act therein mentioned, relating to the port
of Baltimore; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE OHIO LEGISLATURE.
Mr. COX. I ask leave to present a series of
resolutions passed, as I understand, by the Legis-
lature of the State of Ohio, in regard to the present
condition of thecountry. They were passed unan-
imously the day before yesterday. I will only add
here, sir, that the resolutions arc in favor of car-
rying out the Constitution and the laws.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. What is in them ?
Mr. COX. They affirm the views set out in
my speech here the other day.
I wish to say a word here in regard to those
remarks of mine, as I had no oppoitunity yester-
day of answeringthespeechof the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Reagan.] I think he perverted my
views almost from the beginning to the end of
his speech. If he reads my speech, and prop-
erly ponders it, he will observe the mistake into
which he fell, lie took up a remark made by a
colleague of mine [Mr. Vallandigham] in regard
to the people of (he Northwest carving their way
to the sea and the Gulf with the sword. Tho
gentleman from Texas attributed that remark to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
and myself, and predicated the peculiar speech
which he made upon that idea, on which ho at-
tacked the gentleman from Illinois and myself. I
do not know whether the gentleman from Texas
is present; but I have to say this as to that at-
tack: every member of this House knows very
well the position of my colleague, [Mr. Vallan-
digham.] They know that he docs not favor
coercion. Yet on a remark made by Mr. Val-
landigham, and not by myself, the attack of the
gentleman from Texas was hurled against the
member from Illinois and myself. The position
that 1 took was simply this: that (he President
should be sustained. He acted on the defensive,
noton the aggressive. The aggression came from
the other side. That is the position which the
Legislature of the State of Ohio, composed of
both Republicans and Democrats, take in these
resolutions. Indeed, that is the position of nearly
every northern Democrat on this floor, as will be
seen by votes during this session.
Mr. VANDEVER. I rise to a point of order.
This debate is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the resolutions
be read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The usual course pur-
sued with resolutions presented from State Legis-
latures, has been to have them laid on the table
and ordered to be printed. I have no objection
to that course being pursued with these resolu-
tions. But I do not see why the time of the House
should be taken up With'reading these resolutions.
I therefore submit the motion that the resolutions
be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed, as
has been done with all the other State resolutions
that have been presented.
Mr. COX. I desire to say, m connection with
these resolutions, that the Legislature of Ohio has
already begun the work of conciliation.
The SPEAKER.. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay the resolutions on the table, and order
them to be printed.
Mr. COX. Why should they not be read ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope that
the resolutions to be voted on will he allowed to
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN, We have a right to have
