1B70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
at the other end of this avenue, it being ours by
the Constitution and the laws — we shall give
security that we will not violate the Constitution,
I spurn it', and a proud people anywhere would
spurn any such miserable surrender for any pur-
pose whatever. The people of the Northwest
will never -consent to the idea of a southern con-
federacy to take possession of the mouth of the
Mississippi river. Already the madmen of the
State bearing the name of that noble river have
planted their batteries upon its banks, to exercise
a control over the navigation of that great medi-
terranean highway. This act of itself will lead to
war. It is war. The bold, hardy, and determined
millions of the mighty West, stand ready to-day
to maintain the free navigation of that river, if to
secure it they will be obliged to desolate its banks
from the mouth of the Ohio to the Gulf of Mex-
ico. Much has been said in this Chamber, and
out of it, against coercion and civil war. I am
well aware that there are at the South a noble
army of true and faithful friends of the Constitu-
tion, who are putting forth all their efforts to save
the Union from destruction, and to avert the hor-
rors of civil war. I am prepared to join hands
with the friends of our common country to avert
no fearful a calamity. To accomplish this high
end, 1 will yield much that under other circum-
stances I would not surrender. I sincerely hope
and pray that we may recover from this revolu-
tion, without bringing war, with all its attendant
horrors, upon us. But if war must come, I have
an abiding faith that the flag of the Union—the old
Jlag—will in the future, as it did in the past, wave
in glory and in triumph over the vanguard of a
victorious American Army. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the Senator from Ohio
has moved an amendment to the resolution, I
desire to move an amendment to the amendment;
and upon that subject 1 shall ask the vote of the
Senate. It is notmy purpose at this time to enter
into any extended remarks; but desire, by the
auditional section which I propose as an amend-
ment to that offered by the Senator from Ohio, to
ascertain whether wo arc to gain the desired re-
sult at which all those propositions are aiming.
\ understand the propositions offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky to be for the pur-
pose of preserving the American Union. Mr.
President, 1 am willing to do much to preserve
the American Union, I glory in that Union.
Whatever mi^ht be called upon me personally to
do or to sacrifice, I would be willing to do or to
^acnfiee to maintain it; but, sir, if 1 am called upon
to,make sacrifices, I desire to know that I am to
obtain the Union for which I am called upon to
sacrifice; and therefore, Mr. President, without
any remarks Anther. I desire to move, as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
an additional section, declaring that—
No State or any part thereof, heretofore admitted or
heie.tfter to he admitted into tin* Union, t-hall have power
iu withdraw fiom the jun^diction of the United States;
find thi* Constitution, and all laws passed in pui^uanee of
us delegated pouvts, he the supreme law of the land
then-Hi. anvtJjnii,' contained in any constitution, act, or
ojdiiKtnec of any Htau  Legislature or convention to the.
conuaiy notwith.-tandmu.
And upon that I shall ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to express the hope
that we may be permitted to get a vote on these
resolutions. We are now expending the whole
night—all the time we have left of this session—
in discussing these questions, when certainly it
can do no good, and may do great harm. One
harm it is doing is, that it is preventing us from
acting on a great many very necessary and woi thy
hills that remain now undisposed of. These are
postponed until we do get a vole on this question.
These amendments are only offered for the pur-
pose of delay; or, if that be not tiie motive, it is
the effect. Is there a Senator who does not know
that if this joint resolution is amended in any
manner whatsoever it defeats it in loto') Tin-
House has ah cad y adjourned over. If it goes
hack to the House it is defeated. Why, then,
should we occupy time m amendments to tins
proposition, when the inevitable effect is to defeat
the original proposition and amendments together.'
Allow me to inquire of the Senator from Wis- ;
cousin, who offers this amendment, now that th"
Coi.s'fuuionshalibe thesupreme lawoftheland m 1
alt theStates, what he will gam by that' Is not the !
Constitution the supreme law of the land in all the i
States now? Does he fear that there is any clause
in the Constitution that authorizes anybody to
disobey that instrument, unless you put it m as
a condition to this amendment ? Why then insert
it? If the express provision of the Constitution
as it now stands, declaring that that instrument,
and all laws and treaties made in pursuance of it,
are the supreme law, is not sufficient, what good
will it be to put in this addition ? All these amend-
ments tend to delay, tend to embarrass, tend to
defeat, the original proposition, without doing any
good whatever. I hope they may all be laid aside,
that we may be permitted to take a vote on the
original proposition. On the vote that was taken
this morning by yeas and nays, there were but
five voting against it. It is very remarkable that
we should be kept here for hours, deprived of the
opportunity of getting a final vote on a proposi-
tion that there were not five men who had the
hardihood to vote directly against.
What are we to infer from this? Are we to in-
fer that Senators vote on the record one way, and
then try to defeat the proposition for which they
vote, by motions for delay, by amendments, by
indirection ? Is that the inference? What other
inference can we draw from it? If the vote this
morning of 39 to 5 was a sincere vote, why can-
not we take the question now and pass the joint
resolution? After that is passed, we can take up
the proposition from the pcace conference, and
then all these speeches can be made. We can dis-
cuss these questions after we have secured this
one proposition. This one is within our reach.
If we do not amend it, it will pass. If we amend
it, we defeat it. Why, then, shall wc amend it for
the purpose of defeating it, if we are sincere in the
votes we have recorded for it heretofore? I will
not go into the discussion of these questions. I
will not repel the imputations that have been cast
on my public career at this time. After we get
this resolution through, when the other questions
come up, I may find it due to myself to make
some remarks on the general question; but I rose
to express the hope that we might have a vote on
these amendments, vote down all amendments,
good or bad, no matter what; for they are calcu-
lated, if not intended, to defeat the original prop-
osition. No man hopes that the amendment which
he offers will become a law; no man, with full
knowledge of what he is doing, can oiler amend-
ments for that purpose; there is no man m this
body who does not know that the effect of his
amendment, if adopted, is to defeat the original
proposition. I impugn the motives of no man;
but every one knows that such is the tendency of
these attempts to amend; and I hope, therefore,
that the friends of the original proposition will
vote down every amendment, pass the original
resolutions, and then take up the pcace conference
proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. The people of the United
Slates, sir, have a right to know what is to be the
cflcet of the passage of this, or any other measure
of compromise. The junior Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] the other day took excep-
tion to a letter which he presented, that purported
to have been written by me. I do not know or
care whether I wrote U or not. He professes to
be the friend, par excellence, of any compromise
that is here proposed; and I desire to ask that
Senator whether, after we have adopted this, or
any other compromise, he is prepaied to go with
me, and with the Union-loving men of this nation,
for enforcing the laws of the United States in the
thirty-fuur States of this Union. 1 ask for a reply;
and [ pause for it now.
Mr. POWELL. I will answer the Senator
with a great deal of pleasure. 1 say now that I
am forcnfmcing the laws m all the States that are
withm the Union, but I am opposed to making
war on States that are without the Union. I am
opposed to coercing seceding States. That I have
declaied in this Chamber on more occasions than
one heretofore. I am utterly and entirely op-
posed to coercion. I have distinctly and explicitly
declared that I believed that war on the seceding
States would put an end to all hope of any recon-
struction of the Union; and I hold that no true
lover of the Union can be in favor of coercion. I
believe it is only those who claim to he for the
Union, and who are ically not for it in their hearts,
that are m favor of coercion. I hold that we have
no ri^lit, under the Constitution, to make war
upon those States, and 1 do not concur with the i
Senator in the expression which he made use of
in the letter written the other day, which he now
declares he does not know whether he wrote or
not 
Mr. CHANDLER. Nor care.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator told me that he
believed it was correctly reported; that he had
written it, but kept no copy.
Mr. CHANDLER. I adopt it.
Mr. POWELL. I do not believe, as that Sen-
ator has expressed himself in that letter, that this
Union is not worth a rush unless there be a little
blood-letting. I am utterly opposed to that pol-
icy. I believe those who advocate coercion are
the worst enemies of the Union. Inaugurate that
policy, and you will at once unite every southern
State against those who attempt it. Inaugurate
it, and you at once plunge this whole land in civil
war. Inaugurate it, and you will do that which
wise and just men, liberty-loving men throughout
the world, will-deprecate and scorn. I hope the
Senator is answered.
Mr. CHANDLER. lamanswered. Now, sir,
I would like the same answer from the Senators
from Virginia, if they entertain the same views.
It is just what I cxpected; it is just what I want
the North to know; that those men who profess
to be for the Union, with an " if," are.against it
under all circumstances. Sir, I said in that letter,
if I wrote it, that I believed it was necessary to
have a little blood-letting, or the Union would not
be worth preserving. 1 had high authority for
that—authority which no Virginian will call in
question; authority which no Democrat will call
in question; authority which no patriot will call
in question. Sir, Virginia, at one stage of her ex-
istence, had reason to be proud of her great men.
She had reason to be proud of her Washington,
her Jefferson, her Madison, and her Monroe.
She had reason to be proud of her Wirt and her
William Henry Lee. She had reason to be proud
of her Mason, and other men who fought the bat-
tles of her country, and who stood forth before
this nation as the intellectual giants and patriots
of those days.
But, alas, how have the mighty fallen ! Where
are these men or their representatives m positions
of power or trust now? Sir, she may point to her
Floyd, who, like Benedict Arnoldsurrendered
your forts and your arms—a man who goes down
to everlasting infamy, with Judas lseariot, Ben-
edict Arnold, and all the traitors who have gone
before him. Where now do you find the repre-
sentatives of those old patriots of the Revolution?
Sir, I bring one of them upon the witness-stand
here to indorse the sentiment in regard to a little
blood-letting. Thomas Jefferson—and no Vir-
ginian dares stand up and caU in question his
Democracy and his patriotism; no patriot dare
stand up and denounce him—in a letter written to
Colonel Smith, dated Paris, November 13,1787,
said:
t{ The people cannot be all and always well informed.
The part winch is wrong will be discontented in ptopor-
tion to the lacts they nu.-conceive. If they remain in quiet
wider such misconceptions, it is a lethargy, the forerunner
of death to public liberty. We have had" thirteen States in-
dependent lor eleven )*ear«. There has been one rebellion.
That eoine> to one lebollion in a century and a half for
each State. What country befoic ever existed a centmy
and a half without a rebellion ? Jind ivhat country ran pie-
act vc its liberties, if its rulers arc not warned from tune to
time that this people preserve the spirit of resistance ? Let
them take arms. The remedy is to set them right as to
facts; pardon and pacify them. What signify a few lives
lost in a cent in y or two ? The tree of liheitij must he re-
freshed from time to time mth the blood of patriots and
tyrants. It is its natuial manure."
That is the authority of Thomas Jefferson on
"a little blood-letting." He says it is the natural
manure of the tree of liberty ; and because I inti-
mated that " a little blood-letting" was necessary,
perforce the Senator from Kentucky stands up
here and avows that after we, the people of the
North, have humbled ourselves on our knees, and
begged him to accept anything that he may see fit
to demand, he turns round and proclaims to us
upon this floor: "I will not support the Union
after all your humility." I ask that the people of
the North, that the people of this great Union,
will notice that acknowledgment of the gentle-
man; that they will understand it, and understand
it just as it has been presented. He, and the men
who cooperate with him, are against the pianetu-
ation of the Union, After we have abused out-
sehes, after we have evidenced humility on our
knees, and begged them, for God's sake, to snvo
