1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tins Union, what are we to gain ? Nothing; for
then we are told that the Union is finally and for-
ever dissolved; and when we ask him what he will
do with those traitors who have stolen our forts,
who have lired upon our flag, who have murdered
our citizens, who have stolen our very mints,
whose generals in our Army have disgraced them-
selves and placed themselves beneath Benedict
Arnold, he urges us to send commissioners to
treat. May God forgive me if I ever consent to
any such proposition!
Mr. President, this is not a question of com-
promise; this is a question whether we have or
have not a Government. If we have a Govern-
ment, it is capable of making itself respected
abroad and at nome. If we have not a Govern-
ment, let this miserable rope of sand which pur-
ports to be a Government perish, and I will shed
no tears over its destruction. Sir, General Wash-
ington reasoned not so when the whisky rebel-
lion broke out in Pennsylvania. He called out
the posse comitatus and enforced the laws. Gen-
eral Jackson reasoned not so when South Caro-
lina, in 1832, raised the black flag of rebellion.
He said: " By the Eternal, I'll hang them;" and
he wouid have done it.
After these illustrious examples, we are told
that six States have seceded, and the Union is
broken up; and all we can do is to send commis-
sioners to treat with traitors with arms in their
hands; treat with men who have fired upon your
flag; treat with men who have seized your cus-
tom-houses, who haveerected batteries upon your
great navigable waters, and who now stand defy-
ing your authority ! What will be the result of
such a treaty? You would stand disgraced before
the nations of the earth. Your naval officers
wouid be insulted by the Algerines; your bonds
would not be worth the paper on which they are
written to-morrow, if you submitted to this deg-
ladation; your Government would stand upon a
par with the Governments of South America and
the Central American States.
Sir, 1 will never submit to this degradation. If
the right is conceded to any State to secede from
the Union withouttheconsentof the other States,
I am for immediate dissolution; and if the State
which I have the honor in part to represent will
not follow that advice, I, for one, upon my own
responsibility and alone, will resign my seat in
this body, and leave this Government, so soon as
i can prepare, the small matters 1 shall have to
arrange, for emigration to some country where
they have a Government. Sir, 1 would rather
join the Camanches; I will never live under a
Government thai has not the power to enforce its
laws.
But, sir, this is all a fraud; there is no sincerity
in H. The great Democratic party which has
ruled the nation for thirty years has been weighed
ir. the balance and found wanting. " Mene, Menu,
Tekei. Upharsin," is written all over the Demo-
cratic party. It stands in the position of"a bur-
glar who, after having robbed a house and mur-
dered the inmates, fires the edifice to destroy the
evidence of his crime. Those who have been
robbing your Treasury, who have been stealing
your forts, who have been rendering themselves
amenable to the halter, are among the foremost
men in advocating disunion. Let me ask, what
is the history of the Democratic party? I wish
to appeal to the Union men of the South, to the
men who have been fighting this corrupt political
oiganization for the last twenty years, why do you
not now avail yourselves of the position of your
old adversaries? I see one or two smiling, who
are late converts, and who, after having fought
valiantly for ten, fifteen, or twenty years, finally
yielded and surrendered, and joined the party
that they despised from the very center of their
souls, carried away by a current that they could
not resist.
Sir, what is the history of the Democratic party
for the last four years? When James Buchanan,
four years ago, took possession of this Govern-
ment, your Treasury was full. You had a very
large majority of all the States in the Union. You
had carried your party triumphantly through a
political contest. How stands it now? Your
'f ic.isury is not only bankrupt, but your credit is
desi roved. The very men who are preaching seces-
sion anddisunion have been robbing you through-
oi it the length and breadth of this land. The Pres-
ident set the example. He bought, right here 111
the capital, a newspaper—the Constitution he
named it—and paid for it out of the produce of a
theft from the national Treasury. Your Secre-
tary of War, proud son of Virginia—she has rea-
son to be proud of such a son—bought Willett's
Point and sold Fort Snelling; and bought corn
and contracted for mules at fabulous prices. I
have no time to go through the history of these
peculations. I have it here before me in sworn
testimony; but I do not propose to occupy the
time of the Senate with the details. 1 could open
here now a page of corruption that no Govern-
ment has ever exhibited since the world was
formed; and yet, the crowning act of his infamy
was to issue untold millions of your bond§, and
indorse them in his official capacity; and now, to
cover the evidence of his infamous crimes and
his infamous treason, he is preaching disunion
throughout the State of Virginia. He did but follow
in the footsteps of your President.
Then, sir, I might take up your Secretary of
the Navy, and convict him of corruption in live-
oak contracts, and of divers pnd sundry other
peccadilloes that I shall pass over now for want
of time. Then, I might take up your Post Office
Department, and go through all your Administra-
tion,and convict you by official records of crimes
that would damn any party which existed on the
face of the earth to eternal infamy.
Then, sir, I might refer to individual cases of
defalcation and crime. When the head is corrupt
and the heart is corrupt, what can you expect but
corruption throughout all the other members of
the body? I might point you to the custom-house
officer in Detroit, and to the postmasters in New
York or New Orleans, where defalcation, robbery,
and theft have been practiced, and wheiethe cul-
prits pleaded the high authority of the President
of the United States in justification of their crime.
After all this, what could you expect other than
that men thus educated in the Democratic party
should seize your forts and custom-houses, rob
your mints, and break up the Government, if
they can ? They are traitors in thought, m heart,
and in act; and, as I said before, they are pre-
cisely in the position of the burglar who, having
robbed your house and murdered its inmates, pro-
poses to apply the torch to cover up the evidences
of his crime.
Sir, I see before me some of those men of the
South who have been fighting this corrupt organ-
ization for the last twenty years, and now turn
about in dismay at the threatened disruption of
the Government. Why are they terror-stricken?
Why do they not stand firm, and denounce you
as infamously connected with a plundered Treas-
ury, instead of cowcring before your threats?
This thing has gone far enough, and you will find
soon throughout the South, not only in Tennessee
and Kentucky, but in Louisiana and South Car-
olina, a Union sentiment that will hurl from power
the traitors who have been warring against the
Government. Sir, this Union is to stand; it will
stand when your great-grandchildren and mine
shall have grown gray—ay, when they shall have
gone to their last account, and their great-grand-
children shall have grown gray. But the traitors
who are to-day plotting against this Union are
to die. I do not say, literally, that they arc all
to die personally and absolutely; but they are
soon to pass from the stage, and better and purer
men are to take their places. God grant that that
consummation, " so devoutly to be wished," may
be early accomplished ! The men who have been
preaching treason in the southern States; who
have been raising their rattlesnake flags; who
have been threatening to dissolve this Govern-
ment, will find there some patriotic individual who
will strike up the time of Yankee Doodle and un-
furl the Anieiican flag, and settle their cases for-
ever. Sir, there is a sentiment deep in the Amer-
ican heart, and it is not in one section of the
country alone, but it is in the heart of every man
who loves his country—a sentiment of devotion
to the American flag, of regard and devotion for
the memory of those who fought and bled and
died under it in the early stages of this Govern-
ment; and when you leach away down to this
deep sentiment, you will find that those men who
are now threatening, in ceitain events—ay, sir,
who are threatening in any event—to dissever
this Government, among the things that were;
you will find that they will soon go to their final
account politically, if not absolutely.
Sir, it will not be long before this consumma-
tion will take place. Look at the history of rev-
olutions; look at the French revolution; look at
every other revolution that has taken place in the
world for thelasthundred years,and reflect on that
history. First, the Aristocrats, then the Mountain.
What followed ? Jl la lantcrnc, for all that did not
go with the extreme rabble; and it will not be two
years from this time, if this revolution continues,
before those very misguided people, -who are to-
day howling against the Union, will be banging
the men who are now threatening its destruction
and plotting for it. Yes, sir; the very men, in the
very places, who are now repeating disunion sen-
timents, will be hanging the leaders who first con-
ceived the idea, and promulgated the plan for the
disruption and overthrow of this Government.
Mr President, I have before me a speech of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] which I
intended to review. I have been endeavoring for
two days to get the floor, and have failed thus far
until this-late hour. I do not propose to-night
to occupy much of the time of the Senate, and
therefore I will not review the speech of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, although I intended to do so.
He charges us, the Republicans, with being re-
sponsible for all the agitation which has occurred
in the United States for the last five years; and he
says that whenever a proposition comes up for'an
old soldier's pension, or any other measure of
merit, some Republican makes a speech on the
negro question, and some fire-eater from the South
responds, and so they go on alternating until the
session has passed and the measure is lost for
want of time. Now I wish to avoid all person-
alities; and while I would not say a word disre-
spectful to any member of this body, I will say
that that Senator knows that the Republican party
is not responsible for any agitation of the negro
question that lias taken place upon this floor
for the last four years. We have avoided that
agitation, and avoided it under all circumstances.
What has been the history of the last four years ?
That Senator knows as well as any other man.
When 1 had the honor first to take a seat upon
this floor, four years ago, what did I then meet?
I met the Lecompton Constitution, recommened
by your present President, advocated by every
member on that side of the House, save the Sena-
tor from Illinois. That question occupied the
entire time of the Senate during that whole ses-
sion; and if any man has reason to find fault with
that negro agitation, certainly it is not the Sena-
tor from Illinois. What was.the history of the
next session ? We had not been in session here
three weeks, or three days, before the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Slipell] introduced a bill
appropriating $30,000,000 for the purchase of
Cuba. There, again, we had the negro before us,
in all his length and breadth; and who was re-
sponsible for that agitation of the negro question ?
Not the Republicans, for we resisted it to a man;
and experience has shown that we were right;
for had we purchased the Island of Cuba at an ex-
pense of P00,000,000, it, with Texas, that cost us
about two hundred millions, would have seceded
about this time, and we should have been left to
pay the bills.
How was it at the next session of Congress ?
Sir, I might go nn with this history and bring it
down to the present day, and show you that, from
first to last, the Republican party has resisted the
agitation of the negro question. Then again, sir,
the Senator said the other day, in his speech
which I now have before me, that, for thirty years
after the formation of the Government, the ques-
tion of slavery was left entirely out of the legis-
lation of the country. Sir, did he not know, has
he never read, that slavery, for the first thirty
Sears, was hedged in by the ordinance of 1787?
loes he not know that that ordinance stood as a
pillar of fire by night, and as a cloud by day,
hedging in slavery in all the Territories that then
belonged to the United States? He does know it;
or if he does not, he ought to know it. That
slavery was hedged in until 1820, no man knows
better than himself.
But, sir, I shall not occupy the attention of the
Senate much further. I shall simply allude to a
single thing before taking my seat. I ask, what
will the southern States gain by a dissolution of
the Union; or what will the middle States gain by
a dissolution of the Union ? What will Tennes-
see, Kentucky, and Maryland gain by a dissolu-
