1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isrs
great deal about the obstruction of the navigation
of the Mississippi river. I wish merely to say
that I believe the people of the Northwest know
their rights and understand the interests of others
too well to believe that the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi, of the Red River of the North, or the great
lakes, will ever be impeded by anything but ice.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is true; and low water
as well as ice. [Laughter.] I will accept the
statement of the Senator from Minnesota, if he
will add low water.
Mr. RICE. Well, 1 will add low water.
Mr. WIGFALL. Therefore all this talk upon
the subject amounts to nothing. It deceives no-
body; it is intended to deceive nobody; but I was
really at a loss at first to understand the excite-
ment that has broken out on the other side of the
Chamber to-night.
Mr. LANE. A whisky insurrection.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator says the whisky
insurrection. [Laughter.] I do not think so. I
rather apprehend it is another fact. It has been
bruited about to-day that there was some burg-
lary, housebreaking, or robberies which took place
here last night, and that a certain Abraham Lin-
coln has been kidnapped and taken from the Chi-
cago platform and placed upon a peace platform.
It may be that certain Senators have become ex-
cited, under the apprehension that, on Monday
next, at the precise hour of twelve, the aforesaid
Abraham is to swallow the Chicago platform, and
go for peace. [Laughter.] I do not know how
this is. 1 rather suspect it'is true. I do not think
that a man who disguises himself in a soldier's
cloak and a Scotch cap (a more thorough disguise
could not be assumed by such a man) and makes
hisentrec between dayand day,into the capital of
thecountry that tie is to govern, 1 hardly think that
he is going to look war sternly in the face. Andif
theSenatorshaii,mihe morning, after having slept
upon it, have the same determination as to-night,
I fear that, be the detriment occasioned the Ca-
manches as great as it may, they will have to en-
dure it, for ) look for nothing else than that the
commissioners from the confederated States will
be received here and recognized by Abraham Lin-
coln. [Laughter.] 1 will now predict that this
Republican party that is going to enforce the laws,
preserve theUmon,ar.d collect revenue, will never
attempt anything so silly; and that instead of tak-
ing forts, the troops will be withdrawn from those
which they now have. See if this docs not turn
out to be so in less than a week or ten days.
It is very easy for men to bluster who know
there is going to be no danger. Four or five million
people, li ving in a territory that ex tends from Nor th
Carolina down to the Rio Grande, who have ex-
ports to above three hundred million dollars, whose
ports cannot be blockaded, but who can issue let-
ters of marque and reprisal, and sweep your com-
merce from the seas, and who will do it, are not
going to be'trifled with by that sensible Yankee
nation. Mark my words. I did think,at onetime,
there was going to be war; I do not think so now.
If you want peace though, if you want recon-
struction, if you wish to keep the border States
in, if you have any particular affection for living
with slaveholders, whom you profess so to de-
spise, you had better stop this discussion,and take
upsomeof those resolutions that mean something,
and pass them by a two-thirds vote, and send them
into the other House, and tell those men to act
like men of sense, and at ten o'clock on Monday
suspend their rules and pass them, and go back
to your constituents and tell them that you have
done—well, I will not say what; but not exactly
understood the case when you argued it the last
time.
Pursue the other course, and you will do as
your Government has already done, when follow-
ing the advice of the great military captain and
his pliant secretary.
The Star of the West swaggered into Charles-
ton harbor, received a blow planted full m the
face, and staggered out. Your flag has been in-
sulted; redress it, if you dare. You have sub-
mitted to it for two months, and you will submit
to it for ever. I am in the habit of speaking
plainly. I choose to do it because you provoke
me to it. Get up and discuss these matters, if you
wish to discuss them, free from peisonalities; talk,
reason, and ask us what will satisfy us, and we
will answer you civilly.
Now as to tins talk which the Senator from
Minnesota indulged in early in the evening. He
pretended to say—and I suppose really he was
sincere about it, for there are none so blind as those
who will not see—that the whole difficulty had
grown out of our being defeated in a presiden-
tial election; and that if Mr. Breckinridge had
been elected, there would have been no dissolution
of the Union. Of course there would not. Mr.
Breckinridge ran as acandidate for the Presidency
upon a platform which declared explicitly that
slaves were property, and, like all other property,
were entitled to protection wherever the Federal
flag floated, wherever the Federal Government
had jurisdiction. Had that sentiment been in-
dorsed, north and south, east and west, this Union
would have been saved; but when you elected a
man upon a platform which declared in substance
—I do not pretend to quote it—that slaves were
not property; and that, instead of protection, it
should meetconfiscation wherever the flag floated
or this Government—our common Government—
had jurisdiction, we said to you, we would live
under no such Government; and we have made
good our words. We have dissolved the Union;
mend it if you can; cementitwithblood; try the
experiment. We do not desire war; we wish to
avoid it. We are not interfering with you; and
have no objection to the people of Massachusetts
living, from this time until the last trump sounds,
under just such a form of governmentas she sees
lit. We have no objection to New York living
under such a government as she sees fit; and so as
to all the other States. What we are willing to ac-
cord to you, we want to secure to ourselves—the
right of self-government. We invade not your
soil in order to subvert your institutions. We
will not be invaded because you wish to subvert
ours. We assert that the right of self-government
is the only right that was established by the Rev-
olution; that it is the only right that is set forth
in the Declaration of Independence; that it is a
rigiit inalienable to freemen, and terrible to ty-
rants only.
This we say; and if you choose to settle this
question by the sword, we feel, we know, that we
have the right. We interfere with you in no way.
We ask simply that you will not interfere with
us. On which side of the border this question
will be settled, is a matter that will hereafter be
determined. Upon whose standard victory will
perch, is a question left to be settled in the future.
We know that we will not block the mouth of the
Mississippi. We know that we will not send
emissaries to teach your factory operatives the
doctiine that those who operate the machines are
entitled to an equal division of the profits with
those who pay for the machines. We send no
emissaries to preach agrarianism. We send no
emissaries to you to excite the non-property hold-
ers to bitter hatred against the property holders.
Wewage no war upon your institutions,be they
civil, moral, or religious. We leave you alone to
enjoy the blessings which you suppose you have,
to the fullest extent; and, because we choose to
live under such a Government as suits us, you
talk to us about enforcing the laws, blockading
our ports, and taking our forts, that were built
with our own money and for our own defense;
and, because these threats have been made in ad-
vance, and we, as a matter of protection, laid our
hands (not very softly I admit) upon what was
necessary for our defense, we are denounced as
thieves, and the people whom we represent, are
denounced as rebels. You tell us you will keep
us in the Union. Try the experiment.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator allow me one
moment?
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. RICE.- Mr. President, I regret the shape
this discussion has assumed. 1 do not like to hear
Senators on either side talking about force. It is
unbecoming us as Senators and as brothers. I
wish to say to the Senator, and to the Senate of
the United States, that but a few weeks ago, my
State, so far as I am advised, considered that the
greatest calamity that could befall this country
was secession; but I believe they now consider a
civil war to be a greater calamity than secession.
We will do all that we honorably can do to keep
the southern States with us; but if they are de-
termined to leave us, they must go in peace.
Having spent my life upon the great lakes, the
greatrivers,and the plainsof the North west, being
one of the first pioneers in four of those western
States, I wish to say also, that I do not believe
either one of them will vote a dollar or a man for
coercion. Hence, why this talk aboutforee, about
war and bloodshed, or about desolating thi.s coun-
try? Weareafamily ofbrothers; anu if we can-
not live together in peace, in the name of God, lei
us agree as brothers to separate in peace. I hope
there will be nothing more said here about war-
I do not like to hear it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I regret that I should have
said anything that fell harshly or unpleasantly
upon the cars of the Senator, for whom I have
personally so high a regard, and whose political
principles so entirely accord with my own. X.
have not spoken of force to be use'd by us. I was
explaining—and I was unhappy if I did not make
myself understood—that we certainly intended to
aggress upon nobody; that we were asserting a.
plain, ana what we had heretofore regarded an
unquestioned right, the right of self-government;
that we did not intend to interfere in any manner,
shape, or form, with the people of other States,
be they northern or southern, eastern or west-
ern, slaveholding or non-slaveholding.
This was the full scope of what I intended to
say, and having said that, I do not know that it
is necessary that I should go further, except in
this: I had not intended to speak upon these ques-
tions; nor, indeed, to vote upon them. I have no
official information as to the action of my State;
but I cannot doubt what the action will be, or
rather has been. If Senators really mean any-
thing by talking about compromising and saving
the Union, J suppose thoy wish to do something
that is practical and will produce some effect.
This resolution, which isbroughtfrom the House,
means nothing. It gives security to nobody; it
gives satisfaction to nobody; and it is obvious
from the debate that occurred here to-day, that
the House itself means nothing by it, except to
enable adroit demagogues, through some of the
States in which the matter is still doubtful, to get
up what is called a Union party, that may keep
tliose States in the Union for a few months, pos-
sibly for a year, then to withdraw ana join their
sister States of the Confederation.
It is better, then, to look this matter steadily
and honestly in the face, and see what is the griev-
ance. The grievance is notabout the Territories.
That is not it. It is the denial that slaves are
property, and the declaration that the Federal
Government has a right to settle that question.
Nothing short, I believe, of an amendment to the
Constitution declaring that each State hasthe right
to secede—which is admitting the right of self-
government to the people of each one of these
sovereign States—will give satisfaction. I am
sure, if you are talking about reconstruction, and
expecting any one of these Gulf States to come
back, that nothing short of that would induce
them even to entertain your propositions. You
must admit that the masters are free; that they
have a right to live under such a Government as
they see fit; that they can peaceably, quietly, con-
stitutionally change their government, if they see
fit. When you do that, then they will entertain
the proposition as to whether the form of govern-
ment you offer them is satisfactory or not. But
while you deny the right of secession, while you
deny the right of self-government, those men will
not consider whether they are to be well governed
or badly governed; and they should not. Admit
the right to govern themselves, and then offer
amendments to the Constitution securing the right
to their property in this Government, and then
they will entertain the proposition. Nothing short
of that, I am satisfied, would induce any one of
the confederate States again to secede from that
confederation, and come back into this.
Now, whether what are called the Crittenden
resolutions will produce satisfaction in some of
these border States or not, I am unaware; but T
feel perfectly sure they would not he entertained
upon the Gulf. As to the resolutions which the
peace congress has offered us, we might as well
make a clean breast of it. If those resolutions
were adopted, and ratified by three fourths of the
States of this Union, and no other cause ever ex-
isted, I make the assertion that the seven States
now out of the Union would go out upon that.
The first proposition is to do what? The- Wil-
mot proviso north of 36° 30' north latitude, and
a lawsuit south of it. The next is to give the
Federal Government the right to declare a free
