1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- OLOBE.
think, to remove those who are seated. I do not
suppose they mean to interrupt the order of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is impossi-
ble for the Chair to give a partial order. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. It is not a de-
batable question.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Cannot the order be mod-
ified so as to clear the aisles? If the aisles could
be cleared, probably the persons who are sitting
would preserve order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that such an order can be
given.
Mr. CLARK. That is the motion I made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If those who are stand-
ing be removed, I think it will be better. Those
who are sitting may then keep quiet.
Mr KING. As long as thsrc is quiet, we may
as well go on.
Mr. BRAGG. I withdraw the motion, for it
seems to be the wish of gentlemen on the other
side. I um satisfied, however, that we cannotget
along.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, nothing
is more strange nt this country than thegreatand
deplorable change which, in a few months, has
taken place in the condition of the United States.
But a few months ago, we were a united, and, I
may say, a happy, people. A spirit of discontent
was heard to manifest itself in different sections
of the country occasionally; but we might well
hope that these agitations would subside when
the great question of controversy then on hand
had passed away. Different, however, has been
the result. We have seen, in these few fatal
months, six, perhaps I may say seven, States go
out of this Union, and dissolve, as far as they
could do so, their constitutional connection with
us. Our Union is dismembered. The same spirit
which produced that dismemberment is now mak-
ing its dangerous progress throughout the coun-
try, and endangers the stability of other States,
and endangers their adherence to the Union. In
this state of the case, proposition after proposi-
tion has been brought forward by members of
Congress m the one House and in the other with
the hope that thpreby 
[Great confusion was created in the galleries by
the circumstance of a man fainting on account of
the heat.]
Mr. BAKER. I move that the Scrgeant-at-
Arrns be requested to prevent persons standing in
the galleries. It will cause inconvenience; it is a
little sacrifice, but it must be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will clear the galleries, so far as the aisles
are concerned, allowing the persons who are sit-
ting to remain.
[This order was received with marks of disap-
probation on the part of those persons who were
not so fortunate as to have seats in the galle-
ries.]
Mr. LANE. It is manifest to my mind that
we can transact no business here to-night. I am
obliged, therefoie, to move that the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock in the morning. I
hope the Senate will do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves to take a recess until seven
o'clock m the morning.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That can only be done
by general consent. I hope it wiU not be in-
sisted on.
Mr, LANE. If the Senator from Kentucky
desires to proceed with his speech, I will with-
draw the motion. I do not want to interfere with
the Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Persons who
are occupying the aisles in the galleries, standing,
are requested to retire; and unless they do, the
Sergeant-at-Arms will be directed to remove them.
Only such persons as are sitting will be permit-
ted to remain in the galleries.
After an interval—
Mr. DOUGLAS. Has the order been given
that all persons be removed from the galleries who
are not seated?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Has the Sergeant-at-Arms
been directed to execute the order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms is absent, attempting to execute the order,
as the Chair understands. The Chair will repeat
again, that persons standing in the aisles are re-
quested to retire, and only those who can find
seats will remain.
[The persons to whom this admonition was
addressed took no heed of it; and several of them
exclaimed: uThe crowd behind us is so dense
that we cannot.3f ]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Unless those standing vol-
untarily retire, I shall be under the disagreeable
necessity of moving that the whole galleries be
cleared.
Mr. KING. I would not do that.
Mr. DOUGLAS." I must do that, as long as
encouragement is given to them to stand here—a
scene never witnessed before—interrupting our
proceeding, so that we cannot transact business
They must either retire peaceably, or We must
execute the order. I do not believe in allowing
a mob to prevent our doing business. If they
are gentlemen, they will retire without being ex-
pelled by officers; aud if they are not gentlemen,
let them be hurled out.
[Five minutes elapsed, without there being
any perceptible diminution of the number of per-
sons who were standing in the aisles in the gal-
leries.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Sergeant-at-Arms will
not do his duty, I shall move to elect another who
will. I see him on the floor, when his duty re-
quires him in the gallery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms reports that it is impossible to remove
persons who are standing in the aisles. The
crowd is so dense.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I shall move to go
into an election of a Sergeant-at-Arms who will
do his duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms reports to the Presiding Officer that the
force which he has stationed at the doors is in-
sufficient to keep the crowd out and insufficient
to remove them; that his assistants are physically
tossed about and removed by persons in the gal-
leries.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, I move that the gal-
leries on this side of the Chamber (the gentle-
men's galleries) be cleared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the galleries on the right of the Chair be cleared.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a word to say. We
are endeavoring to get a vote on amendments to
the Constitution. The very gentlemen who frus-
trate our endeavor to get a vote, by taking advant-
age of a technicality under the rules, object to our
getting the galleries cleared when it is essential
to the transaction of business. Those who are
there assembled, are known to be the political
friends of those very Senators, and I trust the
Senate is not to be broken up by a mob.
Mr. KING. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York will state his point of order.
Mr. KING. It is, that he has no right to reflect
on the motives of Senators. It is unparliament-
ary, and out of order. That is the point of order
I make.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not reflecting upon
motives. I am stating facts 
Mr. KING. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Facts that the countiy will
take cognizance of.
Mr. BAKER. I have never before voted to
clear the galleries, and I do it very reluctantly
now. I see on my left gentlemen who in three
minutes, with the ordinary politeness that I am
sure they possess on other occasions when their
curiosity does not get the better of their judgment,
would retire and leave those who have been for- I
tunate enough to get seats, to hear my distin- j
guished friend. Now, I do not want to vote to i
clear the galleries, because, generally speaking, I |
do not deem it necessary; but I hope they will j
take the broadest hint in the world, and gradually '
retire before the Sergeant-at-Arms gets up there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. THOMSON, (when his name was called.)
I think there is much more disturbance on the
floor of the Senate than in the gulleriesrand I shall
therefore'vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 24. nays 12:
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker. Birfer, Bragg, Brigln,
Clingman, Collanwr, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas. Foster,
Gwm, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy-
Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Pearcc, Powell, Seward, Sim-
mons, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Grimes, Hale. King, Morrill, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilkinson—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
[During the call of the roll, the persons who
were standing gradually retired.}
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will execute the order of the Senate,
clearing the galleries to the right of the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing a reconsideration of the vote just taken, and I
do so for this reason: since we commenced taking-
the vote, those in the aisles who were pressed
and crowded have retired, and now there is to all
appearance perfect order in the galleries, and I
think there will continue to be. I am ready
always to vote to sustain order here; but now it
appears that those persons have retired, and I
think, therefore, that we ought not to disturb
those who came here early and acquired seats. I
make that motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS I will simply remark that, as
the crowd that made the disturbance have retired,
I hope there will be order in the galleries, and I
am willing- that, by unanimous consent, the vote
be reconsidered; but I will renew it if there is any
disorder.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unani-
mous consent that the vote shall be reconsidered ?
It is so ordered,and the order will be suspended,
if there be no objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it rs an
admitted fact that our Union, to some extent, has
already been dismembered; and that further dis-
memberment is impending and threatened. It is
a fact that the country is m danger. This is ad-
mitted on all hands. It is our duty, if we can, to
provide a remedy for this. We are, under the
Constitution and by the election of the people, the
great guardians, as well as the administrators, of
this Government. To our wisdom they havu
trusted this great chart. Remedies have been pro-
posed; resolutions have been offered, proposing'
for adoption measures which it was thought would
satisfy the country, and preserve as much of the
Union as remained to us at Ieast,if they were not
enough at once to recall the seceding States to the
Union. We have passed none of these measures.
The differences of opinion among Senators have
been such that we have not been able to concur
in any of the measures which have been proposed,
even by bare majorities, much less by that two-
thirds majority which is necessary to carry into
effect some of the pacific measures which have
been proposed. We are about to adjourn. We
have done nothing. Even the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, beholding this great ruin aroundthem,
beholding dismemberment and revolution going-
on, and civil war threatened as the result, have
been able to do nothing; we have done absolutely
nothing. Sir, is not this a remarkable spectacle?
How does it happen that not even a bare majority
here, when the country trusted to our hands is
going to ruin, have been competent to devise any.
measure of public safety? How does it happen
that we have not had unanimity enough to agree
on any measure of that kind? Can we account
for it to ourselves, gentlemen? We see the dan-
ger; we acknowledge our duty: and yet, with all
this before us, we are acknowledging before the
world that we can do nothing; acknowledging be-
fore the world, or appearing to all the world* aa
men who do nothing.
Sir, this will make a strange record in the his-
tory of Governments and in the history of the
world. Some are for coercion; yet no army has
been raised, no navy has been equipped. Some are
for pacification; yet they have been able to do
nothing; the dissent of their colleagues prevents
them; and here we are in the midst of a falling
country, in the midst of a falling State, presenting
to the eyes of the worid the saddest spectacle it
ever has seen. Cato is represented by Addison
as a worthy spectacle,44 a great man falling with a
fallingState;"buthefuilstruggling. We fall with
the ignominy on our heads of doing nothiug, like
