416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
that every day's experience will show more
plainly that such is the surest and speediest way
to reunion. Meantime other States—perhaps all
the slaveholding States—may secede and join the
southern confederacy. Virginia, for one, would
desire a voice in forming that confederacy in which
her lot will bo ultimately cast; but this would only
define more clearl y what I have before indicated as
the only proper basis for reconstruction—the re-
cognition that this being now a Union of sections,
cannot be safe or happy except as.a Union of equal
sections—equal in rights and 111 the power of self-
protection. What the final result would be; what
form the new Union would assume; whether it
would be a reconstruction with a single Federal
Government, on the principle of this, or whether
it would be a league between separate confedera-
cies,! know not. But this I know: that, like the
present Constitution, it would be the peaceful
development of natural forces; it would be the
logical sequence of causes and powers long pre-
paring in history; and such I know has been the
origin of all permanent and great political organ-
izations.
For my part, when I imagine a northern and a
southern confederacy, the one composed of slave-
holding, the other of the non-slaveholding States,
each homogeneous; each with a complete and in-
dependent government; each with its own line of
expansion and its own internal policy, and both
united by acustoms Union, by a postal treaty,and
conventions t<*tregulate patents, coins, weights
and measures, and by a defensive league against
all tho lest of the world, I see most, if not all, the
ad vantages of our present system without any of
its evils. You would have that internal peace
and free trade; that unrestricted commerce and
intercourse; that consolidated strength against for-
eign foes, which this Constitution was designed
to secure; and yet perfect independence would
prevent the possibility of interference or dissen-
sion on the interests of slavery, or the recurrence
of the distracting contentions it now excites.
Would not such a system be preferable for all,
to the present never-ending strife, to this forced
Union of discordant sections, which cannot agree
to live together except as rulers and subjects?
Nay, sir, would it not be a great advance 111 the
American idea of perfect self-goveinment, which
consists chiefly ill so decentralizing and dividing
the functions of government that each shall be
administered by those only who have the same
interest in its exercise?
The philosophic historian liereaftermay remark
that our infant settlements remained under the
British Crown so long as its power and influence
in the world were needed to protect our title to the
mighty wilderness against all foreign races, and
while we were as yet too few and too dispersed
to unite among ourselves. He will notice, that
when our numbers and intelligence qualified us
to undertake the guardianship of the continent
which it was our providential mission to people,
our institutions assumed a new foini, and we
proclaimed our independence, and formed our
[Jnion. Tho Constitution which our forefathers
made for not quite four million people and thir-
teen States on the Atlantic slope, of which twelve
were slaveholding, has organized and disciplined
the Anglo-Saxon host in its westward march,
marking its successive encampments by the found-
ation of free and powerful Commonwealths. He
will not wonder that this wise instrument, first
designed for a small and homogeneous people in
their work of colonization through the wilderness,
is 110 longer sufficient for the numerous millions,
the permanent occupants of a vast continent, who,
from one have grown into two peoples, with dif-
ferent social systems, different pursuits, and, from
the immense foreign immigration at the North,
different in race; and he will regard our present
travail but as tile painful birth of new organic
forms for nations to whom the old were no longer
adapted. And he will declare that, m following
the natural law of our development, and convert-
ing a close into a looser federation, our friendly
relations were preserved, and a now career of mu-
tual prosperity and power secured for either divis-
ion of our race. Let not theirs be a contention
with blood-stained arms, but a generous rivalry
ill the arts of peace; and there will open up for
our name and race a new order of the ages, and
a new procession of American achievement and
glory.
t
Before Mr. Garnett had finished his remarks,
his hour having expired,
On motion of Mr. JENKINS, by unanimous
consent, his time was extended five minutes.
Mr. GURLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my colleague pro-
ceeds with his remarks, I desire to ascertain the
sense of the House in reference to the termination
of this debate. I propose that this general debate
shall terminate to-morrow night, and that on Fri-
day the Army-bill shall bo considered as a special
order, under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. EOCOCK. For the purpose of enabling
me to form an opinion upon that proposition, I
wish to ask whether there was not some agree-
ment that when the report of the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] camebefore the
House, there should be an opportunity for debate
upon it for a few days ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I have no objection what-
ever to the proposition the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means now makes.
Mr. FLORENCE. Tho chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means proposes to consider
the Army bill on Friday. 1 take it for granted
that we are not to have any consideration of the
Private Calendar during the present session. Fri-
day is objection day. We might proceed a good
distance down the Calendar; and it does seem to
me that we ought to devote that day to the pri-
vate business of the countiy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that Friday is not objection day.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not Friday of this week
objection day? We were told last Friday that
that was not objection day.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules make the first
and the fourth Fridays of each month objection
days; and as neither last Friday nor next Friday
come within that rule, they aie not objection
days.
No objection being made, it was agreed by the
committee that general debate upon the Army bill
close to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask further,that
wlu-n debate shall close, if I shall see fit to occupy
the hour to which I am entitled under the rules,
it shall be considered that the same latitude of
debate shall be allowed as before.
A general assent was expressed.
Mr. GURLEY. Mr. Chairman, coming as I
do, from the most populous free State city in the
West, whose commercial and moneyed interests
arc more strongly and generally interwoven with
the interests of the South than any other; a city
which casts nearly five thousand more votes than
any in the valley of the Mississippi, I must re-
gard it as a duty which I owe to my constituents
to indicate in a few words to this body and the
country, what are their views and intentions in
reference to the present crisis in our political
aflairs.
Sir, for nearly a quarter of a century I have
lived upon the very imc of freedom and slavery,
in or near a city from whence you can almost toss
a stone to the Kentucky shore; and I must there-
fore believe that I have a fair knowledge of, not
only the political opinions of my own neighbor-
hood, but of the nine or ten million people west
of the Alleghany mountains. And here, m pass-
ing, I will take the liberty to say that, during the
whole period of my residence in the West, the
inhabitants of Kentucky and Ohio, in the neigh-
borhood of Cincinnati, have lived together in the
most friendly intercourse; and, come what may,
we mean that this state of things shall continue.
Many of our young men have been so fortunate
as to become the husbands of the fair daughters
of Kentucky, while many of our young ladies
have made the hearts of Iventuckians more than
thrice glad by consenting to become their brides;
and if gentlemen here could only see the extraor-
dinarily fine broods of rosy-cheeked and healthy
children which we raise upon either side of the
river fiom these happy unions, they would be at
no loss to realize the bond of friendship that unites
us together; nor could they wonder at the remark-
able increase of population in our fertile valley.
Indeed, sir, truth compels me to say that such
is the good understanding of the people in all that
region, that if our citizens were to hear of a slave
insurrection on the opposite side of the river—of
i which, I am happy to say, there is no fear—en-
dangering the lives of the mothers, wives, sisters,
and daughters of that State, they would fly to
their relief as they would to the rescue of the
inmates of a burning building in our own city.
And what more signal evidence of the fraternal
feeling between the people of Tennessee, Ken-
tucky,and Ohio could be given than that furnished
by the meeting of the legislators of those States
last winter at Columbus, the capitol of my own
State, where they addressed each other in words
of warmest friendship? Surely if any political
heresy existed in our State it must have been quite
as apparent'then as now." But there was none
against which the lawmakers of Kentucky and
Tennessee protested. They met and rejoiced
together like brothers dwelling together in unity.
Mr. Chairman, from the location of my county,
it might be supposed that its people are among
the most conservative of the free States; but
whether they are so or not, one thing I do know:
they are for the Union, the Constitution, and the
enforcement of the laws, at all hazards, and at
any cost. At the same time, we are for render-
ing justice to all sections of the Confederacy.
We.arefor the faithful execution of ail laws upon
the national statute-book, and not for infringing
upon a single right of the southern people. Who
does not know that their rights are as sacred to
them as ours to us? And as to the subject of
slavery, as it exists by State laws, they have it.
It is a business that belongs exclusively to them,
not to us; let them take care of it in their own
way; hands off! That is all we ask.
But, sir, while affirming- these facts, I must
frankly add some remarks on another subject of
great moment and peril, in reference to which we
are almost a unit. I refer, Mr. Chairman, to the
now boldly*preached doctrine of State secession
—a doctrine so absurd to our minds that we are
of the opinion that it is a waste of time to seri-
ously consider it. What is it? Why, sir, it is
the wildest, the very wildest, phantasy of the
nineteenth century. Who does not know that if
one State can go out of the Union, so can two,
or three, or half a dozen, until we find ourselves
with twenty or thirty petty sovereignties, with
clashing interests, and waging cach against the
other a horuble internecine warfare.
To say that our fathers contemplated any such
secession, with its necessary fruits of blood and
carnage, is to cast the foulest slander upon their
memories.
It is sufficient for us to know that we live under
the very Government which their wisdom and
sagacity founded; the best and freest in the world.
That it was established, not by States as Stales,
but by the people of ail the States. By them the
Constitution was framed; and by them it was rat-
ified, in conventions called for that purpose. It
is enough to know that it is recognized by the
whole world as one of the great political Powers
of the earth; and that, as such, it contains all the
elements of self-preservation. It is a Government
of internal as well as external power; of law, of
justice, of order, and supreme authority. It has
the undisputed right to declare war, to make peace,
and to do all things that a great nation may do in
order to secure the peace and the happiness of its
citizens. Ithasthenghttodefenditselfagamstfoes,
whether they come from without or from within
its borders; from traitors at home, and enemies
abroad. Otherwise, sir, that glorious flag which
now floats over our heads, and is regarded as the
emblem of power everywhere, and the shield of
our safety, would soon trail with dishonor in the
dust. Who says that such a Government, one
of the strongest political Powers of the world,
.shall be disrupted by traitors and i^ebcls in arms?
Remember, ye who now seek its destruction,
that it has stood up strongly, proudly, glonously
for more than seventy years, while the revolu-
tions of the Old World have swept away more
than a dozen thrones. It has encountered the perils
of war with a powerful foreign nation, and sev-
eral times grappled with rebellion at home, and in
every conflict has come off more than victorious;
and it will do it now.
Much has been said about compromises in both
Houses; but pray, what care the men who have
carried their States out of the Union in their way,
and stolen United States property, about com-
promises ? Who does not know that they laugh
and mock at the attempts made here and else-
where to bring them back by some bargain or com-
