1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 2.
the man who stands by and sees his house in flames,
and says to himself, " perhaps the fire will stop
before it consumes all."
Mr. President, I impute no exclusive patriotism
to one side or the other; but I am sure, that on
neither side can there be a single Senator who is
satisfied with this condition of things. I have
had the honor, among others, of feeling it to be
my duty to offer propositions of this character—
others have done so. Honorable friends here have
made various propositions. My friend who rep-
resents the great State of Pennsylvania—the hon-
orable Senator who sits before me, [Mr. Bigler]—
has been among the foremost. The Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] has offered proposi-
tions. There has been no want of propositions;
and with perseverance and zeal, these resolutions
have been pressed from time to time, and day to
day, with fruitless exertion to obtain, if possible,
some system of saving policy out of them or
under them. 1 shall never forget the zeal and the
industry with which my honorable and honored
friend from Pennsylvania has acted in this groat
matter. With a zeal untiring and a hope inex-
tinguishable, he has toiled on from day to day
with a labor that no other one scarcely could have
borne. Yetnothinghascomeoutofall this. Nay,
sir, the policy of attempting to make peace, the
policy of attempting to offer propositions for rec-
onciliation, has been denounced by a Senator
from Massachusetts as the most fatal policy that
could be pursued. I, for performing the simple
act of duty which I have done, have been de-
scribed as acting here as if 1 had been commis-
sioned to make peace. Sir, have I assumed any
such thing' Have I done more than other Sen-
ators have done, more than other Senators ought
to have done, in attempting, as far as their judg-
ment enabled them to do, to suggest measures
which might save the country and put a stop to
the great evil which was overthrowing itin every
direction? What right had the gentleman to say
that I have assumed to come forward as though
I had been commissioned? He says also that lie
does not know whether this is ataslc which I have
voluntarily undertaken, or which has been im-
posed upon me by others. Sir, I am unable to
understand what the Senator means by this. I
will not suppose that the gentleman had any se-
rious intention of casting any taunt upon me,
much less of intimating anything of a dishonor-
able or improper character. Who does lie think
could impose a task on me? What part of my
life, what part of my action, has shown that I
was a man upon whom others could impose a
task ? What the gentleman means, I do notknow.
I will consider it all as unmeaning personality, and
pass it by.
But, sir. the other question involves something
of more concern. Propositions which I have of-
fered, he says, are founded on a policy most fatal
to this country. What does the honorable Sen-
ator mean by this? That nothing ought to have
even been attempted? If anything else in place
of it would have been proper policy, I should be
glad that the gentleman were here to state what
that other policy was. It must be to do some-
thing, or to do nothing. Few will say we ought
to have sal here and witnessed this ruin and wit-
nessed this revolution, and done nothing; that we,
the Senators of the people, we, the guardians of
the Constitution, are to see thatConstitution over-
thrown, and that country that had confided in us
brought to rum, to misery, and to dismember-
ment, and have done nothing. If the gentleman
would do something, what is that something that
should be done? Mind, to attempt to make peace
by these resolutions is a fatal policy. What good
policy, what saving and beneficial policy, would
he have us adopt? He has not explained, and I
shall not think it necessary to trouble myself
further with this part of the subject.
Mr. President, the cause of this great discontent
in the country, the cause of the evils which we
now suffer and which we now fear, originates
chiefly from questions growing out of the respect-
ive territorial rights of the different States and
the unfortunate subject of slavery. I have said
before to my brother Senators that I do not appear
on this occasion as the advocate of slavery; I ap-
pear here as the advocate of Union. I want to
preserve that from overthrow; and I am suggest-
ing that policy, which, acccordmg to my poor
judgment, is adequate to the object.
What is the great question out. of which this
mighty mischief has grown; what is this ques-
tion about territory ? Practically, itis reduced to
a very small matter. We have passed through
many of these territorial difficulties; we have now
arrived at the very last one of them. Neither the
climate nor the wishes of any portion of this
Union have induced the people anywhere to de-
sire really to extend slavery above the line of 360
30' north latitude. That was the line adopted in
1820 by wise men, who did it not so much with
a view to equality of division as they did it with
a view to strike upon that line north of which
there might be no controversy, and where no such
system of labor as that which required servitude
could be useful. That has settled, very much,
public opinion on that line with respect to the
slavery question. We have now much territory
north of that line; but there is no pretension to
any rights there by those who hold slaves. We
have, since that compromise line was first estab-
lished, acquired territory south of it. That ter-
ritory south of it is composed of the Territory of
New Mexico, and nothing else; and there slavery
now exists by law. What is the resolution that
the gentleman fromMinnesota [Mr. Wilkinson]
read yesterday, offered, in 1850, by Mr. Clay,
whom he so justly eulogized ? Mr. Clay said he
would not vote for any specific measure that
would introduce slavery into any Territory where
it did not actually exist; but to avoid the ques-
tion and the controversies arising out of it here,
he proposed to give to the territorial government
ample power on the subject, without any restric-
tion in regard to slavery. In the compromise of
1850 that was done; territorial governments were
established, and power was given them over this
subject. That was the policy and design of Con-
gress; they wanted to keep the question out of
Congress; they therefore left it to theTerritorial
Legislature, and that Legislature, in conformity
to the power given it, has passed a law recogniz-
ing and admitting slavery. This may have been
right or wiong; I do not undertake to decide that.
They acted under a discretionary power given
for this very purpose. They established slavery.
Its existence there, then, is just as legitimate as
its existence can be anywhere by force of local
law. Well, what is the question now and always?
The South having seen itself excluded, its system
of labor denounced and excluded from all the
other Territories of the United States, have sup-
posed their brethren were monopolizing all this
description of property—the territorial property
of the United States—and excluding them. The
States holding slaves thought they had as much
right as the States that were non-slaveholding
had in this common piopcrty of the Union. You
deny it; you say that you will govern it by an
exclusive, a superior, a sectional power, and ex-
clude a certain class of States who, under the
Constitution of the United States, are upon an
equal footing with yourselves. It makes to the
North, so far as this matter goes, a monopoly
of the public territory; it excludes by classes
States of the Union, equal m all the means of
contribution by which these Terrritorics were
acquired, their blood and their money having
equally gone to acquirc them. One section of the
Union turns around upon another after they are
acquired, and says: "Though acquired as com-
mon property by common means, we do not like
your system of labor, and nobody insisting upon
that system of labor shall settle in the country;
but those who adopt our system of labor shall go
there." I am not stating this matter now for the
purpose of showing that you are absolutely wrong,
or that the South is absolutely right. I am stating
the nature and character of the controversy. In
the course of this contioversy we have come to a
point where we are obliged to halt. Party must
halt. The controversy has reached the vitals of
our country. It is no longer a mere question of
party opinion. It is no longer a question of party.
It is a question of country and of Union. These
points of controversy have reference practically
now to no other Territory which we have except
the Territory of New Mexico; and to show how
infinitely small that is, there is another considei-
ation to which I wish to advert. What are the
worth and value of that Territory to white or to
black r It is the most sterile region of country
belonging to the United States, the least happy,
it lias been open to slavery for ten years, and
there is a controversy, I believe ^jvhether there are
twenty-four or twenty-six or twenty-eight slaves
within the whole Territory. As I believe, it can
never be made a slave State. It is not a country
where slaves can be profitably employed; and
that great law of profit and loss governs with inva-
riable power and invariable efficacy. Here is a
mere question of abstract right, in the deprivation
of which the South has supposed itself to be of-
fended, not only in its right, but offended in its
equality and in its just pride as States, a whole
class of which is suffering a sort of ostracism
under the operation of a policy which insists that
no one shall adopt there any othersystem of labor
than that which prevails at the North. It may be
the better one; but we are all standing as equals
under a common Constitution; we arc not here
upon the original question as to the rightfulness
or wrongfulness of slavery, as to the sin of it, the
propriety or advantage or disadvantage of it. We
are not here upon any of these questions. Rights
under the Constitution are in question, and on that
question the South insist that they have an equal
right in the Territories to adopt their own system
of labor in this common property, as you have to
carry with you in your emigration your habits
and customs and your system of labor. Which
has the advantage of the other ? You say that the
southern people holding slaves are very bad fel-
lows for that reason. I shall not argue that. The
good man cannot say to the bad man, who has
with him purchased a tract of land and has an
equal right to it, that is a reason why the good man
shall take the whole, and exclude the bad man
from the purchase which was made in common by
common money. I make these remarks merely
to show you that there must be, even in your own
judgment, a plausible ground for the claim which
these States of the South set up, and that they have
at least a plausible subject for discontent. If it be
only plausible in your view, in their view it is so
just a cause of complaint that it is worth all those
wretched evils to which I at first adverted. They
would rather go out of the Union than occupy a
place in it where they are denied equal rights
in all particulars with their fellow-citizens; but
they are willing to do, for the sake of peace, what
we have done oncc before for the sake of the same
peace, and to avert the same evils. We say now,
as we cannot agree upon this subject, let us divide
the territory; you go on the one side of it, and we
on the other. That was the doctrine held of old.
We talk a great deal here about the fathers, about
their example. When this difficulty, or one very
like it, occurred in 1820—now forty years ago, and
we may well rank as fathers those who were old
enough to legislate in this body upon that ques-
tion then—what did they do? Did they say as
we now say, " no compromise with our brethren;
stick to the law; no compromise; let us take all ?"
No, sir, they made a compromise: you call it a
compromise; let us say it is. What does it pro-
pose ? To give up to you all the territory north ?
From what I have saitj before, you may well infer
that, in giving that up, the South has only given
up a territory where their system of labor cannot
avail, cannot exist; but as to the South, it is alone
one solitary Territory that wc now possess, and
that is a Territory where slavery docs to some
extent exist, whei-e by law it is authorized; and
all that we ask in respect to that is, let the condi-
tion of things as it is now in that Territory remain
as it is. You have now grown greater than those
who adopt this system of labor. You have grown
great. You have just now triumphed in a great
national controversy. The Republican party are
coming into power with a President to execute
their will, and with a majority here to proclaim
the will of the whole nation. Now give us some
security that you will not abuse that power. His-
tory is full of examples of the abuse of power by
those who have the means of executing it. Strong
arms have been the law all over the world much
more than written constitutions and right. It
may be so in our own country. Does it express
any dishonorable distrust of you, any distrust at
which you ought to take any offense, real or pre-
tended ? Is it anything more than a matter of
prudence that great political communities should
endeavor to guard themselves against possible
injustice and possible encroachment? Upon what
principle is your whole Constitution made? It
is made to guard your rights. Do you reproach
that for its want of confidence in men ? It is upon
