1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and I hope and trust in God, neither my princi-
ples nor my feelings would allow me to attempt
or permit any such thing, either to the one section
or to the other section. I have offered it in no
such spirit. I am not bargaining for the South,
or bargaining against the North. I am pursuing
a policy which I think the country ought to pur-
sue, arid submitting it to your common judgment.
By that common judgment nothing can be done,
nothing can be granted, and no compromise can
bo made.
Thirty-seven thousand men from the noble old
State of Massachusetts have said, " Let there be
iio compromise." Nothing is more justly boasted
of by Massachusetts than her school-houses and
her churches. Her churches and her school-houses
were the first houses she built; and now here have
arisen out of these churches over thirty thousand
men who, when a great controversy arises in the
country, when revolution is seizing arms on every
side, and brethren are ready to slay and destroy
each other, and when such terms as those which
I have endeavored to explain can settle the whole
matter, with an apparently pious and religious
cry, say: " No compromise; jet blood flow; but no
compromise." Where did they learn that? Did
they learn it in church? Did they learn it in the
Bible? The Bible says,If you bring your offering
to the altar, and there remember that thy brother
has auglu against thee, lay thy offering down;go
and be reconciled to thy brother; and then come
and present thy offering to the Almighty; then thy
offering will be acceptable to thy Maker. Here
the pious thirty-seven thousand say: " No com-
promise; that is the offering we carry to the altar;
blood and battle we carry to the altar, and lay
there as our oifering." That is the bloody trophy
they offer up. They say 41 No compromise." £
have no doubt, sir, there are many venerable and
good men among them, because they are neigh-
bors to at least forty thousand Massachusetts men
who have petitioned in a very different tone, and
say: "Compromise, I pray; make peace with
them; let us not slay and destroy one another."
That is the language of the petition which 1 pre-
sented.
Sir, if old Bunker Hill now had a voice, it would
be, of course, as it should be, a voice like thun-
der; and what would she proclaim from her old
and triumphant heights? No compromise with
your brethren ? No, sir; that would not be her
voice; but I fancy to myself, if that venerated and
honored old scene of American bravery, hallowed
by the blood of the patriots who stood there,
hand in hand, brethren of the North and South,
could but speak, it would be but one voice, a great
and patriotic voice: peace with thy brethren; be
reconciled with thy brethren. It is less than the
value of a straw that is asked from you as com-
promise, and you will not give a straw. You
prefer the bloody doctrine of "no compromise;
battle first;" and woe be to those who first draw
the sword.
Mr. President, I am endeavoring plainly and
frankly to present to the minds of my brother
Senators the view which I take to some extent,
perhaps not the whole extent, of what will satisfy
the South, and leave it to yourselves to judge how
far it is true. Of course, it would be idle in me,
and worse than idle, if I were to make an untrue
statement, or an unfounded statement, as to the
exact merits of this paltry question winch now
divides us. I do not believe there is a State in
this Union, the people of which would not, upon
a fair presentation of this question, put perhaps
in less offending language than can ho found in
some of these resolutions, who would not vote
for peace on the terms proposed; who would not
grant all that is asked, and more than that, if the
consequence on the one side was to be reconcilia-
tion and reunion, and on the other battle and
blood.
But now, to pass from this view: we are likely
soon to pait,aud what a spectacle do we present?
We have done nothing. The country is inflamed,
and nothing has been done to quench the destroy-
ing fire; yet that is our business here, to preserve
the Union, to make the people contented and
happy. That is our greatand high mission. The
country is in flames, and nothing has been done
to extinguish the fire. What, Senators and Mr.
President, is to be the consequence of it? No one
can exactly answer; but the question must awaken
the forebodings of everv man within the reach of
my voice. What consequence will follow from
our failure to do anything? God only knows.
They are fearful to think of, in my judgment. I
do not know what they will be. I fear for further
revolution—for revolution to such an extent as to
destroy, in effect, this Union. I hope not. I
would advise against it. I would say to the peo-
ple, the distraction which exists in the opinions
of those that constitute Congress are such that
they cannot agree upon any measures now; you
may think and feel that justice is denied you; it
may be so; but is denied you by whom? In a
time of high party excitement, by one Congress.
Your Constitution is so framed as to give you, in
a short period, many Congresses. The power
returns to the people of electing their represent-
atives; and this Government is worth being pa-
tient for, and worth bearing a great deal for. Be
patient and bear it, even though you think you
are wronged. Rather bear the wrongs you have,
than fly to others which you know not of. Hold
fast to the Union. The Union is the instrument by
which you may obtain redress, by which you will
in the end obtain redress. Congress may err. It
may err from error of judgment, from passion,
from excitement, from party heats; they will not
last always. The principles upon which your
Government was founded recognize all these frail-
ties, recognize all these sources of occasional and
temporary wrong and injustice, but they furnish
a remedy for it. They furnish a remedy in the
often-recurring elnctions which the people make.
kIt is not for the first offense that dismemberment
and disunion are justified. Hold fast to the Union.
There is safety, tried safesiy, known safety: and
that same Union is the best assurance you can
have of eventually obtaining from your fellow-
citizens a generous recompense for all the wrongs
you have received, and a generous remedy against
any wrongs hereafter.
These are my feelings, and this would be my
advice. My advice is that of a Union man earnest
for its preservation; and, without the fullness of
my heart, the words which I utter are worth noth-
ing. This would be my advice at all times upon
this question, and upon every question which
threatened the Union: stay in the Union and strive
m the Union. We may have had evidences enough
here of the impossibility of obtaining any agree-
ment from our northern brethren to these meas-
mes of policy which I have offered. I will not
call them a compromise, for that seems to offend
gentlemen; though L was willing that each of
our brethren, North and South, might think, by
the word compromise, that, in a generous and
affectionate spirit and sentiment, nominally, at
least, he had given up something. But gentlemen
object to the term, if the stern, warlike cry of " no
compromise" is heard, like the ancient cry of the
Roman conqueror. When oppression was com-
plained of, they answered it by a vcc victis—woe
to the conquered; now translated, "no compro-
mise." The rev victis of the Romans, and the " no
compromise" here, apply to different ages; but
they arc the same language, and convey the
same terrible denunciation: woe to the conquered
—no*compromise. Take our dogmas; take our
platforms; it is not sufficient that you obey the
Constitution; it is not sufficient that you adhere
to the Union; go out of the Constitution; go out
of the Union; look at our platform; study that;
that is the idol to which you must bow down;
otherwise, (<no compromise''—woe to you. Sir,
this is not the language of the heart or of the judg-
ment. It is the language of excitement. It may
be uttered by good men; but it is the language of
passion. It is the language of excitement. It
regards nothing here to be a compromise that is
within the Constitution.
These amendments only ask you to make some
additions to your Constitution because of the al-
tered state of things Wljen we met here at the
commencement of the session, you had fifteen
States which adopted the same system of labor—
involuntary servitude. The Constitution was
fiamed to a state of things, when almost every
State in the Union, with but one exception, adopted
that system of labor. You have now in the Union,
of those who acknowledge this system of labor
within it, only eight of those States; supposing
Texas out. In the old Constitution, when almost
all were slave States, you gave guarantees that
fugitives from one State to another should be re-
turned. Now there has got up, what is unknown
to the Constitution, an agitation against slave-
holding, which the Constitution recognizes, for
which the Constitution did not disqualify, or
place any inequality upon the States holding it.
There has been got up in our country questions
arising out of that, beyond the limits of the Con-
stitution, which rest above the Constitution, and
which are worked up into platforms, and to which
the obedience of all other sections is demanded.
Now, my brother Senators, is there anythinglike
that in the Constitution, in fact or in truth ? Did
not the Constitution intend to leave us free on
that question as regards ourselves? Did it not
intend to leave the States choosing to adopt that
system of labor just as free as it intended to leave
them in regard to other questions ? It seems so to
me. .
Sir, another reason for my confidence is, that
this cry of vce victis, or no compromise, is not the
sentiment of the American people. Although we
have been unable to agree upon anything here,
is it known to any Senator, the oldest and the
most experienced, either~in his own experience
or what happened in the country before his time,
that there ever was such an expression of public
opinion given within so short a time as has been
given here in reference to these very propositions?
What is the number of petitions forwarded ? I
suppose, if I should say wo have received peti-
tions from not less than a quarter of a million, I
should be within bounds. In addition to that,
societies everywhere have been petitioning in the
name of their whole body. State Legislatures
have memorialized, and, in fact, petitioned Con-
gress m the name of the people of their States.
I do not know how many. The chief agents of
the great railroad companies, owning railroads in
value to the amount of more than three hundred
million dollars, traversing the country from North
to South in every direction, have petitioned in
favor of the adoption of these propositions of
peace, and they, gentlemen of the highest stand-
ing and the highest respectability, have declared
that, as far as all their travels extended along all
these mighty railroads, they have found the peo-
ple, with great unanimity, of the same opinion,
and in favor of the adoption of these propositions.
Now, sir, I do not want confidence in legisla-
tors. I have been one of them too often and too
long to endeavor to castany discredit upon them,
or the differences of opinion which exist among
them. I do not intend to do any such thing; but
I intend to say this: that my confidence in the in-
telligence and public virtue of the people is greater
than it is in any body of their representatives.
The people have given me assurances upon this
subject by these petitions, that right will event-
ually be done; that they, the true sovereigns of
the country, will take this subject into consider-
ation, and that they will not allow them and their
children, and their children's children, scattered
about through ail this land, to go to war with one
another upon such a comparative trifle.
I hope, too, that the South, the State which I
represent, and all others, will find in these peti-
tions a generous spirit of fraternity, a generous
spirit, a sense of justice, that will remove those
misrepresentations which have been so long and
so often impressed by party upon their minds, that
one section hates another. I do not believe any
such thing. I have been to the North, and I have
been to the Northwest; I have been to the coun-
try of the honorable Senator from Minnesota. I
observe that the names of the petitioners that he
presents are limited to very small pieces of paper,
who cry out " no compromise" there. Why,
sir, let me tell the gentleman an anecdote which
will redeem his people from the unchristian spirit
of hostility with which they seem to desire to im-
press their opinions exclusively upon the minds
of all their fellow-citizens, or at any rate not to
compromise.
There was a little party of us that were out in
the mighty country of the Northwest, amusing
ourselves with hunting and fishing and camping
about. We got to St.Paul. There wasa servant
with us that attended our party, and was very
useful to us, and enjoyed itabout as much as any
of the whole party. We found it at St. Anthony
so pleasant, and there was such a grand, magnifi-
cent, and accommodating hotel there, that we
stayed there some time, the servant with us. They
did not act in the spnit of no compromise, (wo
will not pull a hair from the head of the littlest
