1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
dogma that is embraced in the Chicago platform,)
but they treated us with the most open hospitality
and kindness to be found anywhere; and told us
particularly: " Take no alarm about your servant;
do not trouble yourself about him at all; he is just
as safe here as in Kentucky; no man here will
disturb him; the town will not permit it." There
was not a word said about him; and every man
there knew he was there, and knew he was a
slave, and there was nothing said about it. That
was the sort of hospitality and kindness, that was
the sort of compromise, they gave: " Stay; you
are our fellow-citizen from a distant land, come
among us, and we want to show you that we
know how to meet you, and treat our fellow-cit-
izens; we are glad to see you, and there will be
no disturbance about your servant;" and exactly
did they fulfill their kind and hospitable words.
They compromised.
But the Senator feels himself called upon not to
compromise a great nation; and yet, through this
great nation common blood flows. What man is
there here th^is not of a blood, flowing—mean-
dering—perh ™s through every State in the Unio n ?
and we talk about not compromising a family
quarrel; and that is to be held up as patriotism, or
patty fidelity. In the name of God, who is it that
will adopt that policy! We are one people in
blood ; in language one; in thoughts one; we read
the same books; we feed on the same meats; we
go to the same school; we belongto the same com-
munion. If, as we go through this quarrelsome
world, we meet with our little difficulties, if we
wish to carry with us grateful hearts of the bless-
ings we have enjoyed, we shall be bound to com-
promise with the difficulties that must occur on
all the ways of the world that are trodden by Gov-
ernments 011 earth. It is our infirmity to have
such difficulties. Let it be our magnanimity and
our wisdom to compromise and settle them.
Do not believe, my fellow-citizens of the North,
my brother Senators of the North, that 1 am urg-
ing this upon you as a bargain. I am only pro-
posing the measure which I believe, and which
my judgment suggests to me, as most for your
benefit, and most for my benefit; most for the
benefit of your States, of my State, and of the
States of all of us. That is the spirit in which I
propose it. I would not take the most paltry right
from you to give it to the South. I would not
detract a particle from your honor, in order to
give anything like a triumph to any section of the
country. You are as much my countrymen as
anybody. I claim the whole country as my
country; and as yet the alienation is not such be-
tween us and even these seceding brethren that I
could not travel through it, and feel as if I was
still in my own country. I feel an assurance that,
by a right system of policy here, even they would
return. Now, I would have the South, I would have
the border States, as they are commonly called,
those that yet remain out of secession—to stand
by you, trust to you, and trust to the people. A
great many, if not a majority, of their northern
brethren, have given them assurances of their
sympathy for them, and that justice shall be done
them. 1 believe it. They are assurances given
by kindness, by patriotism, and will be redeemed;
and that kindness, that sympathy, which exists
in the North, will attract others. It is the stand-
ard of humanity, and the standard of patriotism;
and one after another they will crowd around it,
until the States shall come and make peace-offer-
ings to their brethren, instead of crying out " no
compromise." I believe in this. I would have
the border States believe ill this. Our northern
fellow-citizens have entitled themselves to this
confidence by their action upon these very reso-
lutions. Thousands, and tens and hundreds of
thousands have come here and petitioned for them;
the States have petitioned for them. All this is
an evidence of kindness that ought to bind the
heart of the southern States. At any rate, it
ou^bt to affect their judgment as to the future.
You will see by this that, even if nothing be
done, lam not for secession. No, sir; I was born
and bred in the State of Kentucky; and as to my
native State, old Kentucky, I shall say to her
more freely than to others: I desire to "see you
stand by the Union of the country; do not go off
until an imperious necessity forces you; give
to the world a long continued evidence of your
constancy, your patriotism, and your fidelity
to the Constitution. Stand by it; you have
stood there heretofore manfully; you have liter-
acy founded this faith upon a rock; this faith is
founded upon a rock, and you have engraven the
sentiment there. The stone which vou contrib-
uted to the unfinished monument of Washington
in this city, bore upon its Kentucky marble front
these words: " Kentucky was the first to enter
the Union after the adoption of the Constitution;
she will be the last to leave it." That sentiment
she has engraven in marble; and it now stands
sanctified still more by forming a portion of the
monument of George Washington. 1 want to see
her true to that great sentiment. It swells the heart
to hear it. There is nothing, as it seems to me,
in all the hopes and all the triumphs that seces-
sion can promise itself, equal to the proud swell-
ing of the heart at these noble and patriotic sen-
timents.
Let Kentucky stand by that sentiment. Let
her be the last to leave-that Union which has con-
ferred upon her so much honor, so much glory,
so much liberty, and so much happiness; and,
abused as it has been, mal-administered as it has
been, it is as yet the best Government on earth;
the only Government on earth in which a man
commands his own actions, can speak his own
thoughts in any work which he pleases, where
no man is imprisoned unlawfully, from one end
of it to the other. From San Francisco to Port-
land, where is the man that is imprisoned and
deprived ofhis liberty unlawfully ? If our Treas-
ury is empty, our money misspent, still, badly
administered as it has been, and as much better
as it would be if properly administered, with all
its faults of administration, it is the best Govern-
ment the world records. It is only here in the
arms of this great and mighty Republic that lib-
erty was ever presented to the world in all her
height and all her majesty. The little Republics
on the Alpine hills of Europe are little commu-
nities too small to excite the ambition or the cu-
pidity of greater and imperial powers. Liberty
there is too small to be looked at; but he're she
stood up in all her majesty and in all her might,
and with her mighty arms reaching across the
continent.
Now, sir, will you allow such greatness as that
to be lost? It is a mighty benefit to every citizen
of the country that the name of that country goes
before him like a host, and is a shield over him.
The very name contains a clmrm and a spell that
protects him in every region of the world. This
is one blessing this great country has conferred
upon us, and which is magnifyingstill more every
day.
When, for the want of timely compromises, we
have fallen into this career of destruction, and that
career is going on—and where it will end God
only knows—I say I hope we shall stand to the
Union and try it, and try it again. If one Con-
gi ess does not judge rightly, or will not acU'ightly,
another will. That is the principle of oui Gov-
ernment; and it requires of us, for all these great
boons, patience and forbearance. Show you this
patience and this forbearance, and let us wait;
and, if that is to be our sad destiny, when Rebel-
lion and revolution shall have passed over this
whole land, I want to see old Kentucky, even m
that day of desolation, standing up, if left alone
on the wasted field, brave and collected, with the
flag of the Union in her hands, standing upon the
great field like the last hero of a battle; and then,
when the Union is no more, and she stands there
the image of patriotism, of honor, and of heroism
and of fidelity to the Union to the last day of the
Union, it will be time enough for her to consider
what next shall be done.
My principle, and the doctrine I teach, is, take
care of the Union; compromise it; do anything
for it; it is the palladium—so General Washing-
ton. called it—of your rights*- take care of it, and
it will take care of you. Yes, sir; let us take
care of the Union, and it will certainly take care
of us. That is the proposition which I teach.
Mr. President, I have occupied more of your
time than I had intended, and 1 have occupied it
with certainly very desultory, and probably a
very unprofitable course of remark. I believe,
sir, I shall be supposed to have expressed my-
self kindly,frankly,and sincerely. 1 do not wish,
and I do not know what would induce me, to do
otherwise.
I am about to part from all my brethren here.
I should be sorry to believe that I had uttered a
single word that could leave cause of ofTense-in
the heart of any mtmber of this body. I have
not so intended. I may err on this subject. I am
earnest; I am sincere. I have spoken what in
soberness and truth I believe; what to some-ex-
tent, coming from tsie region where I do, I may
say I know as to facts; and I endeavor to give
you warning, not threats. I have long ago learned
not to threaten anybody; but I may warn, and it-
is the duty of brotherhood, it is the duty of my
place in the Senate, that I warn my brethren of
any danger that I suppose is approaching our
common country. I have endeavored to do no
more; and I tell you now, that, whatever security
the apparent peace that surrounds us may .induce
us to suppose exists in the country, it is a delusion.
To-morrow after to-morrow, and^ach to-morrow,
brings with it new fears and new apprehensions
tomjrmind. Rebellion, revolution, seem to be
an epidemic in the land. I thought we could do
something to stay it. I might have been mis-
taken even in that. You (addressing the Repub-
lican Senators) have thought that these remedies
would be inefficacious or unnecessary; you have
hesitated to apply them. It seemed to you a
concession. I do not ask it as a concession, ex-
cept as a concession which might bring you a
greater good. Let us hear no more about "no
compromises." It is a measure of policy. Ifyour
good is not involved in it as well as mine, and
much less if your harm is involved in it, I do not
expect you to adopt it. I offer it because I believe
it is good for you, as well as for every portion of
this great country. That is the principle upon
which I act as a Senator of the United States, act-
ing for a common country, dear to me in all its
parts; its honor dear, its interests dear to me, and
1 find the best security for the rights of my own
State in respecting the rights of every other State.
These great movements in human affairs and in the
course of nations will take place, sometimes final
and d isastrous, at other ti mes they are temporary,
and may be modified, and peace and harmony re-
stored by a course of policy. Restoration is my
great object. I have attempted that by the resolu-
tions which I offered. It is too late forme to hope
for their passage. Though I believe every word I
have said, I am not vain enough to suppose that
it can probably carry conviction or persuasion
to the minds of gentlemen. I therefore calculate
upon nothing being done upon those resolutions.
1 want a vote on them, and I hope that that vote,
though it may not have the competent majority of
two thirds to recommend them as an amendment to
the Constitution, may, by even a bare majority,
contribute something to quiet the country and
create a disposition to wait and forbear. That I
cannot now hope for; but I do hope that this reso-
lution which has passed the House of Represent-
atives for an amendment to the Constitution,
though in my judgment not covering the case, and
wholly inadequate as a general remedy, yet may
have some good effect, like a solitary lay of sun-
shine breaking through the clouds, which might
show an opening in them. It is one ray from
the great central system, to warm our hopes and
keep them alive for another and a better day.
The amendments to it which are now pressed
upon us seem to leave very little hope. The reso-
lution of the House of Representatives cannot be
very objectionable in itself to any Senator, unless
it be to those who assume that they will not com-
promise at all with the Constitution, to make even
a single change in it. It may sometimes be that
to make changes and amendments in the Consti-
tution is the very way to preserve it. I do not
doubt the sincerity of those gentlemen who say
" it is out of our reverence to the Constitution
that we will not consent to amend it;" but I beg
them to reconsider that determination. There
may be conjunctures in publicafTairs; there may be
an alteration in the condition and cncumstances
of nations, particularly nations which, spring-
ing up from a handful and a comparatively small
community, have grown into a great nation.
There may be occasions for making changes to
accommodate it to these altered conditions, pre-
serving its principles, not violating them, making
them in harmony with, and as a preservation of
the whole instrument—a process of preservation.
Now, I want to see, at least, this amendment
made. May we not agree that all of the amend-
ments which are now offered to it shall, at this
last moment, in a spirit of amity and of concil-
