1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
And, although it was declared to be *' a perpet-
ual Union" between the enumerated States, our
fathers,to form " amore perfect Union," andgive
strength and efficiency to their Government, or-
dained the present Constitution, founding its au-
thority, not upon a compact or league between
States, but upon the original source of political
power; not upon the sovereignty of States, but
upon the original sovereignty of the people:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect Union, establish justice, injure domestic
tranquillity, provide lor the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution for the United States of America."
The form of ratification cannot changc its char-
acter. The people themselves, through their
agents and representatives, declared it to be their
own act, not as the people of separate and inde-
gendent States, but as the people of the United
tates of America.' The political history of the
world, sir, does not furnish an example of a more
explicit exercise of sovereign power in organizing
its elements into one indissoluble nation. The
authority, then, on which the Government of the
United States rests, is cxactly the same as that on
which the governmentsof the States are founded;
both are equally created by the people, by the
exercise of their original sovereignty. Certain
powers are invested in the one* government, and
certain powers are delegated to the other, and
cach is equally sovereign within the limits of
the powers conferred. The people of the several
States are not more united for the purposes of
domestic government, than the people of the
whole nation are for the purposes of national
government. While jealous of their reserved
rights, the people declared the Government of the
United States, as to the powers conferred upon it,
to be the supreme Government. To it was con-
fided the power to provide for the common de-
fense and the general welfare of the whole nation;
and the Constitution -thus created, and the laws
and treaties which should be made in pursuance
with its authority, were declared to be the su-
preme law of the land. But the powers not dele-
gated were reserved to the States or the people.
But, sir, was the power reserved to the people of
any State to destroy the Government? To annul
the powers necessary to the well being and com-
mon defense of all of the contracting parties? To
withdraw their consent that the common Consti-
tution,and the laws made under it, should be the
supreme law, not of one State, or a part of the
States^ but of all the States? No, sir; such a
reservation would have been utterly inconsistent
with the whole instrument. The wise statesmen
of the day, forming a Government which they
trusted would endure through all time, would
never have placed it at the mercy of the passions
of the hour. The whole Constitution, from its
title to the last section of its amendments, bristles
with denials of this "colossal heresy"—the right
of a part of the people who made the Constitu-
tion to destroy it. No, sir; all of the States to-
gether, except so far as they may represent the
sovereignty of the whole people, could not annul
the binding force of the Constitution.
To present the evidence, sir, that the right of
secession is in conflict with the opinions of the
men who formed the Government, would be to
present almost the entire history of the Constitu-
tion. I content myself with the authority of a few
of the most illustrious men, whose names have
become household words, and whose statues dec-
orate your Capitol.
In the ever-memorable farewell address of the
Father of his Country, it is said:
"The basis of our political system is the right of the
people to make and alter their constitutions ofGovernm^nt.
But the Con«titutionwhich at any time exists, until changed
by the explicit and authentic act of the whole people, is
sacredly obhgatoiy upon all."
Mr. Madison, in his letter to Mr. Trist, on the
23d day of December, 1S32, said:
" It is remaikablc how closely the nullifies, who make
the name of Mi. JefTeison the pedestal for their colossal
nercs«y, shut their <-\cs and hps whenever his authority is
evei so eleailv ami emphatically against them. You have
noticed u hat lie says in his Jotieis to Monioc and Cairing-
ton ipp 43 203, vol 9) with respect to the power of the old
Con«re«55. to coerce delinquent States; and his reasons for
pietemng loi the purpose a naval to a military force ; arid,
inoi cover, his lemaik that it was not necessary to find a
right to coerce ni the Federal articles, that being inherent
in the nature of a compact. It is high time that the claim
to secede at will should be put down by the public opinion."
Mr. Pineknejr, of South Carolina, in the con-
vention that framed the Constitution, said:
"I appieheud that the true intention of the States in
uniting is, to have a firm national Government capable ot
effectually executing its acts and dispensing the benefits
of its protection. In it alone can be vested those powers
and prerogatives which more particularly distinguish a sov-
ereign State."
President Jackson, in his celebrated proclama-
tion, said:
£t Tt [the General Government] is a Government in which
all of the people aio represented, which operates dircetly
on the people individually, not upon the States. They re-
tain all the powers they did not grant. But each State
having expressly parted with so many powers as to consti-
tute jointly with th$, other States a single nation, cannot,
from that period, pass any right to secede, because such
seces&ion does not break a league, but destroys the unity
of a nation. '
But if, in defiance of right, by a violation of
public faith, on pretense of intolerable oppres-
sion—for the remedy of which no appeal has been
made to the national Congress, to the Federal
judiciary, to the States, and the people of the
States—a State, upon her own responsibility, does
secede from the Union, what, sir, is the remedy?
My answer is, sir, the constitutional enforcement
of the laws. The General Government, charged
with the duty of providing for the general welfare,
cannot shrink from the responsibility of prevent-
ing the act of secession from impairing the just
lights of the remaining States. As the agent of
the whole people, it may not hesitate in the per-
formance of its duty. It cannot abdicate Govern-
ment. It cannot abandon the trust it has ac-
cepted.
But how shall the rights of the remaining States
be vindicated? By levying war on the seceding
States? No, sir. The people have not invested
the Federal Government with power to recognize
the right of secession. As to the General Gov-
ernment, the act of attempted secession is a mere
nullity. The Government cannot wage war upon
one of its parts; but it must execute the laws, so
far as their execution involves the interests of the
whole people. But gentlemen say that this is
coercion. What is meant, sir, by coercion? If
you mean by it that, if a State shall refuse to per-
form those duties which, in the very nature of
things, must be the result of voluntary action, and
which moral obligation can alone enforce, the
Government of the United States, by the Army
or Navy, shall compel their observance—then,
sir, am I against coercion. If you mean, sir, that
the mailed hand of the Government shall be laid
upon a State to compel her, as the only escape
from violence, to elect members of Congress, her
citizens to perform the offices of judges of the
Federal courts and the duties of jurors, to act as
collectors of the revenue and postmasters—then,
sir, I am against couieion. These are duties which
even tyranny cannot enforce; and their perform-
ance, however desirable, is not indispensable to
the general welfare of the Union. If a State aban-
dons the benefits of the Union, so far as the act
affects herself only no one may complain. But
if you mean, sir, by coercion, the enforcement of
the laws necessary to the welfare of the whole
Union—laws enacted by the authority founded on
the original sovereignty, and involving the con-
stitutional rights of the whole people of the United
States; if you mean, sir, by coercion, the consti-
tutional enforcement of these laws as they have
been from the beginning,—then, sir, I am in favor of
coercion. If you mean, sir, by coercion, the col-
lection of the public revenues as they have been
collected for three quarteis of a century, and
which are necessary to the very existence of the
nation, or the protection of property purchased
by the common treasure, and for the geneial ben-
efit of the whole people of the United States; if
these, sir, arc acts of coercion, then I am for
coercion; and the right and duty of such coercion
by the General Government, by the exercise of
all of its constitutional powers, no State, however
blinded by the passions of the hour, can deny.
But these, sir, arc not in strictness acts of co-
ercion, but the ordinary enforcement of the laws
by the agencies agreed upon by the common con-
sent of the whole people in the formation of the
Confederacy.
The sufficiency of the powers conferred by the
people on the Geneial Government for maintain-
ing the majesty of the law, cannot be called in
question. It is not so much a power conferred as
a duty imposed. '• The Congress shall have
power to lay and colloct taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
common defense and general welfare t>f the Uni-
ted States;" and the President, representing the
executive power of the whole people, and sol-
emnly sworn to preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States, is enjoined " to
take carc that the laws be faithfully executed;"
and, sir, he cannot shrink from the duty nor ab-
dicate the power.
But how does the question stand upon author-
ity? I have already, presented the opinion of Mr.
Madison on the power of coercion and confirm-
ing the views of Mr. Jefferson. Mr. Jefferson,
in one of the letters referred to, said, as "a reason
for providing a navy to coerce the Barbary States:
" It will arm the Federal head (the- old Congress) with
the safest of all instruments of cocrcion over its delinquent
members, and prevent its using what would be less safe."
[Manifestly referring to military force.]—Jefferson?* letter
to John JldatriSf July 11, 1785.
Again:
u It will be said there is no money in the Treasury. There
never will be money in the Treasury until the Confederacy
shows its teeth. Every rational citizen must wish to see
an effective instrument of coercion, and should fear to see
it on any other clement than the water. A naval force can
never endanger our liberties nor occasion bloodshed; aland
force would do both."—Jefferson's letter to Colonel Monroe,
•August 11, 1786.
Again:
" Jt has been so often said, as to be generally believed,
that Congress has. no power by the confederation to enforee
anything; for example: contributions of money. It was
not necessary to give them that power expressly ; they have
it by the law of nature,"—Jefferson's Letter to Carrington,
August 4, 1787.
To whose opinions, sir, can the American peo-
ple appeal with more confidence on such a ques-
tion as this than to those of the statesmen who,
of all others, gave form and character to the Con-
stitution, and were alike enemies of consolidated
pftwer, and the sleepless friends of the reserved
rights?
But I present another authority, sir, which
even the people of South Carolina may not refuse
to hear; a statesman whose devotion to South
Carolina was only surpassed by his love of jus-
tice and attachment to the American Union; a
man, sir, who as a patriot, statesman, citizen,and
scholar, was an honor to the race. At the nulli-
fication period of 1832, he was, I believe, a mem-
ber of the Legislature of South Carolina. I pre-
sent a part of his address to the people of that
State on the subject of secession, not as an au-
thority only, but on account of the vigor of the
argument:
" Suffer riot yourselves to be deceived by the idea that
the General Government will recognize your title to be out
of the Union. It is perfectly clear they cannot. They have
no authority to abandon any portion of the Union. The
Territory of Carolina was committed to their jurisdiction
by a joint action of the States; and nothing short of the
absolute necessity imposed by an unsuccessful war can
release them from the obligations of that trust. They are
commanded and empoweicd to make all laws necessary
and proper to protect the custom-house and the post office,
their courts and judges, and all their officers. Can you
doubt that they will do it? They must treat Carolina as in
the Union, whatever she may say to the contrary.
" If a State employs a power which is revolutionary as
to the Union, and, of course, belligerent m its character,
the Union must possess and will exercise a corresponding
light of retaliation. Are you in the Uirion? Blockade is
then a clear cxercise of the power to collect the revenue.
Are you out of the Union? Then in the exercise of an
undoubted power to compel the observance of a treaty
broken by yourselves. But Congress will not legard it as
a belligerent measure, whatever you may sav on the sub-
ject. <4 hev mu->t consider it nothing more than the oidt-
nar.v case of the President, as cointnander-tn-eluef of the
Army and Navy of the Union, employing the latter m the
discharge of his dutv to Hake carc that the laws be faith-
fully executed.'"—GrimkC's Letter to the People of South
Carolina, December 1, 1832.
Sir, the right of secession does not exist. The
duty of enforcing the laws is imperative. If the
sacrifices of our fathers shall be found useless; if
the Union of the States, which was formed by
their wisdom, preserved by their fraternal for-
bearance, and defended with their blood, shall be-
come a mockery to iheir hopes, a dishonored
monument to their memory, and a stigma and
reproach to their children, the imperfectjudgment
of the present generation, and the severe and un-
erring judgment of posterity, will not suffer the
plea of right to palliate the crime of its destruc-
i tion, and will brand this Government with the
j infamy of broken faith, if it shall, in the hour of
| peril, abandon the sacred trust committed to its
keeping by the American people.
I But while, sir, there is no right of secession,
