420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
and although the people have imposed upon this
Government the duty of enforcing the laws, no
American statesman will question the right of rev-
olution as a remedy for intolerable oppression.
Can any State of-this Union present a case, she
herself being the judge, that will justify a resort
to this final remedy? From what Government
would she revolt? Certainly not from the gov-
ernment of the States; for each, as to local gov-
ernment, is independent. Revolution, then, could
only be the overturning of the Government of
the United States. Can any State assert that
that Government has been oppr&sive ? The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Anderson] dis-
cussed this subject yesterday. What showing,
sir, did he make against the Government? Its
powers are wisely divided into three departments.
Which of these departments, sir, has oppressed
a State of the South ? The judicial ? Why, even
the gentlman himself eulogized that department
as eminently wise and just and impartial. The
legislative? No State has sought to impeach it.
Prom the beginning, no law has been enacted to
which the South has not given her assent. The
executive? No State of the South will charge it
with one act of oppression. Where, then, sir, is
the right of revolution ? The popular voice is
unfriendly to the South. Why, sir, in the recent
expression, a majority of a million of voices, even
by the gentleman's admission, were raised in de-
fense of her constitutional rights. Butthepolicyof
sister States has beon unconstitutional and unjust.
The majority ? No, the minority; for every south-
ern State admits that the fifteen States of the South
and four States of the North have been true to
their engagements. No, sir; it comes to this:
that, by the constitutional action of the people, one
of the three departments will be controlled by a
policy unfriendly to the South; and that, too,
will be controlled by the others, against whiqh
the South raises no complaint. No, sir; at the bar
of impartial public judgment, the ease would ut-
terly fail The Government has been eminently
wise and patriotic and jusl. And such will be the
judgment of history. The opinions of a minor-
ity of the American people are unfriendly to the
domestic policy of the South. Is this intolerable
oppression ? No, sir; the right of secession is de-
nied by the Constitution ;and there is nooppression
to justify the right of revolution. If the Govern-
ment is overturned, the act will be without justi-
fication orexcuse. Theevils thatcxist—the want
of fraternal comity between the two sections of
the Union—admits of remedy without invoking
the presence of the destroying angel, and calling
down the Divine vengeance upon our heads.
But, sir, arc not States amenable at the bar of
public justice? For eighty-two years the people
of the United States, in the application of the
public revenues, have acted on the theory that
they were one people, and that any tax levied
upon the common industry of the nation was im-
posed for the common good, and not for the bene-
fit of particular States. Uncounted millions have
been levied upon the labor of the American people,
and cheerfully paid, to provide for llie common
defense and general welfare of the whole country.
For the benefit of the general commerce, light-
houses have been erected on every coast. To
protect the Republic from invasion, forts have }
been built at every exposed point upon our bor- j
dcrs, not for the protection of one Statu, but of :
all the States. Is it possible, sir, that any part
of the American people will consider it consistent
with good faith or national honor, that these results
of national industry shall bo appropriated to the
exclusive use of particular States? Sir, every
citizen of your teeming millions, wherever he may
have been—in your marts of commerce upon the
borders of the oceans, or in the secure and peace-
ful valleys of the distant West, upon your ships
in remote seas, or in the huts of the trapper in
the gorges of your mountains, on the borders of
the Rio Grande, or by the lakes of the North—
wherever he may have been, or whatever his pur-
suits, has felt that the honor, the well-being, and ,
the defense of the nation, was his care. What 1
citizen, sir, has not contributed to the building of.
your light-houses and navy-yards and arsenals
and dock-yards and forts, and providing muni-
tions of war? These works, sir, for the national
welfare and defense, have been erected wherever
the common interests of the nation required them,
upon the ocean or upon soil voluntarily surren- i
dered to the Government in New York and Mas-
sachusetts, Virginia and South Carolina, and else-
where,notfor any particular State or for its bene-
fit, but for the purposes of the whole American
people. I ask again, sir, can any State, without a
flagrant violation of good faith, appropriate the
common industry of the nation to her own exclu-
sive use r
The great West, with her industrious and
peaceful people, devoted to agriculture, and deriv-
ing no direct benefits from duties on foreign com-
merce, receiving no other benefits from the tax on
her labor, save protection from foreign invasion,
has cheerfully contributed millions to erect works
of national defense on the coast of the Atlantic.
Can an y State think so meanly of the manhood of
her people as to suppose she will tamely submit
to the appropriation of these works by particular
States ? The defense of New York and Charles-
ton, of Boston and Savannah, has been the com-
mon care of the nation. We have removed mount-
ains of granite from New England to the port of
Charleston to erect barriers against a common en-
emy. The common toil of the American people,
in the confidence of national faith, has made the
coast of South Carolina to frown defiance on the
enemies of the Republic. Can these cities enter-
tain the belief that other portions of our people
can consent to their assertion of exclusive owner-
ship of these works in derogation of the common
right? Can South Carolina, whose chivalrous
sons"hre sensitively alive to everything that per-
tains to their own honor, or the honor of their
State, consider it possible that the other States of
the Union, equally sensitive of honor, equally
brave and chivalrous, can submit to the startling
wrong of her appropriating to her exclusive use
the works of national defense upon her borders
as though they were the work of her own hands ?
Can she think so poorly of American spirit and
of the national sense of honor ? Sir, they will not.
They cannot submit to it consistently with honor
or justice. These works were not built for South
Carolina, or for herexclusivc defense. Congress,
even according to the doctrine of her own states-
men, never possessed the power of appropriating
one dollar of the national treasure except for
national objects.
These works were erected by the common con-
sent of the nation, with the common treasure of
the nation, in the faith of the national integrity,
and for national defense; and, sir, the honor of
the nation is involved in their appropriation to the
purpose for which they were designed. That
honor* sir, will not be sullied. Yet, while it is a
goodly thing, sir, to have a giant's strength, itis
tyrannous to use it like agiant. The very strength
of the Government will induce forbearance. It is
inconsistent with the spirit of the nation to treat
a State, a member of the political household, how-
ever hostile her attitude may be, as a i evoked
province. South Carolina and her sister States,
who have resorted to this extraordinary method
of redressing alleged grievances, will be wooed
back into the sisterhood of States, even in the
spirit of maternal kindness—a spectacle unheard
of in the history of the world. But let her and
them beware; the common mother is not the
less powerful because she is tender and pacific and
forbearing. Let them not provoke the terrors of
the parent's wrath. The forbearance of this
Government will correspond with its irresistible
strength. The honor of the nation is dear to every
patriot's heart; the flagof the Republic is sacred.
Can South Carolina and her confederate States
believe that the sense of honor has died out in the
hearts of the American people; that manhood and
manly courage, and the sentiment of justice, exist
no more in their sister States? South Carolina
may insult the honor of the nation; she may seize
upon the public property; she may strike down and
trample upon the ensign of the Republic—an act
whicn, if done by the combined and countless
millions of Europe, armed to the teeth, would be
resented upon the instant, even if it involved every
hamlet and village and town and city in this broad
land in indiscriminate rum—yet the nation will
bear all this, for the Marions and the Sumters
and the Rutledges and the Pmckneys were sons of
South Carolina; and it may be that that flag which
she has loved so tenderly, and which her chival-
rous sous have botne so biavely on many a field
led with the blood of the enemies of the Republic,
may, when the passion of the hour subsides, be-
come again dear to her heart. But lether remem-
ber that her sentiments of honor and justice and
courage are the common sentiments of the Amer-
can people; let her not remain estranged from the
heart of her country until she shall cease to be
embraced by her sympathies; for no terrors, sir,
can equal the terrors of a parent's wrath.
Sir, the questions of this hour are of fearful
importance to the brave yet industrious and peace-
ful people whom in part I have, as you have, sir,
the honor to represent—the people who have es-
tablished an empire in the great Northwest. In
the disruption of the Union, if such a terrible
calamity should come upon us, the immediate in-
terests of our industry are peculiarly involved.
We, of all others, sir, cannot consent to the dis-
solution of the Union. Let the South and the
North remember, sir, that our highways to the
Gulf and to the ocean cannot be obstructed. The
energy and fortitude and courage and enterprise
which have established that empire, will never
consent that tribute shall be laid upon their labor.
Whatever misfortunes may befall us, 1 trust, sir,
that that never will be attempted; but if it should
be, sir, the mighty flood of the " father of waters"
is not more resistless than would be the aroused
spirit of our people.
I speak the more freely, sir, on these subjects,
because I am one of the million and a half of men
in the free States who have defended and will
still defend the constitutional rights of our fellow-
citizens of the South, many of whom seem now
willing to desert us to the tender mercies of our
common political opponents; and because, sir, if
some of the States of the North have reversed the
teachings of our fathers, and adopted a policy de-
structive of a just and fraternal comity between
the States, and have inaugurated, as is asserted
by the South, the present perils, and furnished at
least a pretext, if it were possible, for extenuat-
ing the crime of national destruction, the State
of Indiana, which I in part represent, isnota party
to the offense. Her fertile soil, the gift of Vir-
ginia to the Union, herself a child of that Union,
she has never wavered in her devotion to the Con-
stitution and the Union of the States. Iler stat-
ute-books have never been dishonored by an act
of nullification, nor her people by resistance to
the enforcement of the laws. By the beautiful
river on her southern border, she is indissolubly
united with Virginia and Pennsylvania and Ken-
tucky and Ohio and Illinois and the great States
upon the borders of the Mississippi, and no State
or citizen of a State can charge her withjcm act
of violated faith. She is devoted to the Union,
not only because of its illustrious memories and
countless blessings, but by the ties of kindred and
of blood. Her children must go to the valleys ot
Virginiaand the coastsof Maryland, to Kentucky
and Tennessee and the Carohnas, to the liills of
New England and the shores of the Hudson and the
Delaware, to visit the graves of their fathers and
the homes of their childhood. She has received
no material aid from the Union, save protection to
the peaceful industry of her citizens. With near
a million and a half of people, she has neither dock-
yards, nor navy-yai'ds, nor arsenals, nor forts; the
General Government has scarcely furnished her
a stand of arms. She has been, content that her
defenses should be the defenses of the nation.
For fifty years her people have cheerfully borne
every burden which the wisdom of the General
Government has thought fit to impose upon them,
and millions upon millions of treasure coined from
the sweat of their industry have poured into the
common Treasury of the Republic, for the general
welfare and common defense. She has kept her
faith; she has broken no covenant; and with clean
hands she will resist the breaking of the most
sacred covenant ever sanctioned by mortals—the
covenant sealed with the blood of our fathers—
the compact of the Union.
For myself, sir, as a Democrat, while I have
resisted and deplored the sectional policy of the
dominant party of the North, I have not been ahlo
to foiget, sir, that the spirit of the northern De-
mocracy was crushed and stricken down by a
corresponding policy of the dominant party of
the South, the partial success of the Republican
party, upon which is predicated this suicidal pol-
; icy of secession, is attributable to the feuds in
I the ranks of the hitherto indomitable Democracy;
| yot I see, sir, in the election of Abraham Lincoln
1 to the Presidency, nothing to justify this extraor-
