422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
lature of the State of Maine a Senator from that
State, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resig-
nation of Hon. Hannibal Hamlin.
The credentials were road; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having* been administered to Mr.
Morrill, ho took his seat in the Senate.
PETITION.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Charles
J. Helm, consul generalat Havana, praying addi-
tional compensation for services rendered and ex-
penses incurred in the performance of the duties
of that office; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the fallowing bill and joint
resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 539) to continue in force an act
therein mentioned, relating to the port of Balti-
more; and
A joint resolution (No. 57) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to permit the owners of
the steamboat John C. Fremont to change the
name of the same to that of Horizon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 935) for the relief of Franklin Torrey; which
thereupon received the signature of the vice Pres-
ident.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 15th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. G93) for (lie reiiefofRichard
C. Martin; and
A bill (II. R. N'o. 921) for the relief of the as-
signee of Hon. David C. Rrodenek, deceased.
DEFICIENCY' lUhh.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Senate this
morning to postpone all prior orders, for the pur-
pose of taking up the deficiency bi'll at once, that
wc may dispose of it to-day. It is a bill that ought
to be acted on now.
Mr. 1IALE. 1 hope wc shall have the morn-
ing hour first.
Mr. HUNTER. If I wait until the morning
hour is over, the other special orders will super-
sede me, and I shall not get the bill up.
Mr. IIALE. We can postpone them. I will
go with you to postpone them.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think we can get through
with this bill to-day in an hour or two, if gentle-
men will let me go on. They havchad the morn-
ing hour every day this session. This is the fust
time 1 have asked for the morning hour.
Several Sknatohs (to Mr. I1alu.) Let him
have it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves to postpone all prior orders with
a view to take up the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 86G) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations lor the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1 SGI.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, on page three, lines forty-one and for-
ty-two, to strike out$900,000, and insert $450,000;
so as to make the clause read:
To supply deficiencies In the fund heretofore appropriated
X* enable the President of the United States to carry into
effect llic act of Congress of 3d March, 3 819, and any sub-
sequent acts now in force, for the ««uppri %sion of the skive
trv-.de, $400,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain that amend-
ment. TheSecretary of the Interior estimated for
$900,000, $450,000 to pay for obligations already
incurred, and $450,000 more which he thought
would be due by the end of the fiscal year. The
Committee on Finance agreed to appropiiate for
obligations that had already been incurred, and
struck out so much as was intended to cover the
amount which the Secretary of the Interior said
would probably bo required by the 1st day of
July, 1&61 That is the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Finance will withdraw his bill for
a moment. This is the tune devoted to morning
business, and I did not suppose this bill was com-
ing up in the morning hour. I was called out for
a moment when the question was put. I desire
to make a motion which is proper for the morn-
ing hour, and it will take but a minute to dispose
of it. Then, I shall have no objection to the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave notice yesterday that
I would call it up in the morning hour. If the
Senator wants to enter a motion for reconsidera-
tion, I will give way for it to be entered, but not
to be considered now.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not for that.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I hope wc shall go on.
Mr. CAMERON. I want to fix a day for the
consideration of an important bill.
Mr. HUNTER. T hat can come up aftor this
is over. I cannot give way for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN*. I doubt whether it is
advisable to concur with the committee on that
point. I presume, however, that the difference
will not be very great. The recommendation
was for $900,000. A part of this sum is now duo,
and the part which will become due, the other
$450,000, it will be imperative on the Government
to pay during the present fiscal year. Rather for
a technical reason than any other, the half which
is not due at the present time, and therefore, per-
haps,is notstrictlyadeficiency,wasstruck out. I
did not think it was necessary to strike it out at
the time; and the committee, I think, did not at
first. This was agreed upon after I left the com-
mittee-room. I do not suppose it will make any
very great difference, except that we may have
the matter all over again in another bill at this
session. The chairman is perfectly aware, and
will no doubt admit, that if wc do not leave it in
this bill, wo must put it into another. I do not
see that it is necessary or advisable to delay it.
As the money must be paid, why not do it now?
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt that more
money will have to be paid than the $450,000; 1 do
not know, though, whether so much as$900,000,
that is $450,000 more, will he requncd; but it
seems to me it is obvious that some legislation is
necessary in order to protect the public Treasury.
As things are now going on, there is no telling,
unless something is done to regulate the matter,
what these appropriations for suppressing the
slave trade will amount to. I am very willing to
make any appropriation that is necessary for that
purpose; but I am sure the Senator from Maine
will himselfadmit that some safcgiund is required
for the safety of the Treasury; and I thought wc
had better make them bring in another estimate
and then add that safeguard. We have not time
now to mature it; it will require consultation.
We ought to get a chance to throw some pro-
tection around the Treasury. I think it better to
have a second estimate in the annual bill. The
Senate, however, can do as it chooses.
Mr.-FESSENDEN. 1 admit that new legis-
lation may be necessary with refcicnce to this
matter. It is getting to be a very severe burden
on the Treasury. What that legislation may be,
or will be, or can be, I have not now any idea;
but it is very clear that the obligation is incurred.
Since the §450,000 were decided upon as neces-
sary, two slavers have been captured, and pro-
vision must be made for them; and I have reason
to suppose that there has been very great diffi-
culty, absolutesufTering, indeed, on accountofthe
delay occasioned by the non-appropriation of the
money to carry our own laws into cifoct. There
can be no doubt whatever that the §450,000 ad-
ditional will be required, and we shall pass no
law to avoid that necessity; and therefore 1 say,
with reference to our own business, that, to save
additional trouble arising out of an appropriation
in anew bill, in my judgment, it is very much bet-
ter to leave it where it is; and such was at first the
opinion of the committee. I adhere to it, and I
hope it will be retained. Still, it is not a matter
of so very great importance that we need waste
much time about it.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes IS.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, to insert at the end of the bill:
For compensation and lmlca^e of Seudtois. §13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to add to the bill:
Foi the contingent expenses of the Senate ; " for miscel-
laneous items," §3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have one more amendment
to offer from the Committee on Finance. It is to
add at the end of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the con-
ditional contract made by him with the CMriqui Improve-
ment Company and Ambrose W. Thompson, on the 21st
day of May, 1809, for the purpose of securing to the United
States certain valuable privileges and rights specified in
said contract, and which said contract is hereby approved,
$300,000.
Here is a copy of the contract; and if any Sen-
ator desires to know what the provisional contract
is, I have a copy of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly worth while
to read it unless some one calls for the reading.
It is very well understood, I think.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is stated very currently
in the newspapers that the title to that property
is defective. I should like to have the chairman
of the committee, or some other friend of the
amendment, explain. It is stated that the title to
this property has been pronounced invalid by the
supreme court of Now Granada.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that is not so. Our
Attorney General has given an opinion that the
title is secure. The appropriation was postponed
at one session on that account. We became sat-
isfied of that. At the next session it was postponed
to have a survey of the harbor and the route; and
we have had that survey, and the report is emi-
nently favorable—more favorable than the repre-
sentations at the Department.
The question being taken by a division on the
amendment, resulted—ayes 21, noes 5; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. There is evidently a quorum
present. I hope gentlemen will vote on one side
or the other. Let the question be taken again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again.
The question being ngnin put, the result was—
ayes 26, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish that some Senator
who is familiar with the merits of this case would
explain it to the Senate. We are voting $300,000
at a time when certainly the Treasury is not over-
flowing, as I understand, to purchase another
right of way across the Isthmus. I should like
to have the merits of the case explained; and if
no Senator can do it, I should like to have the
contract read.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from Rhode
Island ask why wc want another right of way
across the Isthmus ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the more rights of
way that are opened the better. We do not want
to be subjected to the monopoly of one route—
that across the Isthmus of Panama. But that is*
not all: wo get the use here of the finest harbors
on the Isthmus; the surveys prove that they
have magnificent harbors on both sides; and we
can buy coal so near to the anchorage of ships
that it can be thrown almost into the hold. The
report of the geologist and of the engineer shows
not only that this coal is in great quantity there,
and of line quality, but also that the route itself
is very practicable. The probability is, thatitis
the best we shall have across the Isthmus. It
is healthier, and a finer harbor; and, all things
considered, the best that is offered to us; and wc
get the whole of it for $300,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the real ques-
tion, and all the question,in this case—I am sat-
isfied of it from all the examination I have given
to it—is, whether we shall omit to avail ourselves
of what probably will be, I think unquestionably
will be, a matter of immense advantage to the
country, for the sake of keeping a monopoly in
the hands of the Panama Railroad Company. I
think that is the whole question; and the opposi-
tion to this measure, whatever it may have been,
that has been made here, has, I apprehend, comc
from that source, and that source alone. The con-
tract which has been made is a provisional con-
tract, which perfectly guards the rights of the
Government. If this man cannot comply with
his contract, which is to furnish the route, furnish
