1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
two thirds deem it necessary." And can any Sen-
ator, upon his oath to support the Constitution,
submit a proposition to amend it, that he does
not believe to be necessary ? Sir, 1 consider that
X have decided that question that the amendment
is necessary, when 1 vote to submit it to the
States. 1 have to act upon that as a Senator, and
decide it to be necessary, before 1 can, in the dis-
charge of my public duties, vote to refer it to the
States for their ratification.
And now, sir, the effect of the proposition of
the peace congress is not, as the Senator from Ore-
gon supposes, to leave New Mexico as it was left
by the compromise measures of 1850; and here 1
will reply to a remark of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. He asks, why may we not leave New
Mexico as it was left by the compromise meas-
ures of 1850? Sir, I am willing to leave it as it
then was. 1 am willing, and have offered in the
Senate, to restore the old Missouri compromise,
the only effect of which would be to exclude sla-
very from Nebraska. That is all it would amount
to, because Nebraska is all of the Territory which
we now have lying north of 36° 30', and which
was acquired by the Louisiana purchase, and to
which alone the Missouri compromise applied.
Mr. BAKER. Allow me a moment to explain.
The Senator kindly gives way for me to explain.
1 will say nothing but explain to him a single
proposition. 1 submit to his candor, now, that
ne is mistaken in the reading of the Constitution:
"Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses f-hall
deem it necessary, shall piopose amendments to tins Con-
stitution."
It is not a provision that, whenever Congress
shall deem the amendments proper to be passed,
they shall propose them-, but they shall propose
them whenever they deem it neccssary to propose
them. I said to the Senator that 1 deemed it ne-
cessary to propose them, because I think the prop-
osition will tend to peace; but 1 told him, and I
repeat it now, that, if I see that it fails, that it
will not produce peace, 1 am not bound to vote for
it then, because i do vote to propose it. now, and
I submit to his candor and his good legal read-
ing, that the Constitution does but say that, when
Congress shall deem it neccssary to propose
amendments, they shall propose them, and not
when they deem the amendments neccssary; that
they leave to the people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is rather too hyper-
critical for me. I do notsuppose the Constitution
means that Congress shall propose amendments
when it docs not deem the amendments of any
importance. I do not suppose that this clause
means that Congress when it deems it necessary
shall propose unnecessary amendments. It is very
clear, to my mind, that Congress must suppose
the amendments of importance and necessary
when they propose them, and every person passes
upon them when he votes for them. This prop-
osition, I was about to say, is not like the com-
promise measures of 1850, which left New Mex-
ico as it was. At that time slavery was prohibited
by the Mexican laws which were in force when
we acquired the country, and Congress, in 1850,
did not think proper to piovide that those Mex-
ican laws should never be changed, but they left
the people of the Territory to legislate upon the
subject. Now what does the Senator from Ken-
tucky propose ? The Territorial Legislature of
New Mexico having, as he says, enacted a law
establishing slavery, he proposes now to come m
and make it like the law of the Medes and Per-
sians, unalterable, and to take away from the
people of the Territory the right to change that law
if they think proper. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky would follow in the footsteps of his illus-
tuous predecessor, he would withdraw his amend-
ment which forbids the people of that Territory
from excluding slavery if they think proper to do
so, and which makes it incumbent upon them to
protect slave property so long as the territorial
condition continues, whether they want it or not.
Now, sir, why cannot we have peace, I ask,
upon the compromise measures of 1850 ? Why
disturb them ? They were enacted by great men.
They gave peace to the country. Why is it ne-
cessary now to overturn them? Restore the old
Mi-3iO.ni compromise as it stood; let us go back
to tii*- W'-t.dt'uv,- it nvide in 1850, and there *let us
stand. What more *vou]d Senators haver The
South weie satisfied with that settlement. Have
we disturbed it? Are we proposing to disturb it?
Not at all. You yourselves disturbed it, and
brought these difficulties upon thecountry. Why
may we not go back to that former policy, and
restore ppace in 1861, as the great men of the
country did in 1850?
Mr. President, 1 have very little to say in re-
gard to the House resolution to amend the Con-
stitution. As was very truly remarked by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] the other morn-
ing, that there is no man of any party who con-
tends that Congresshas authority to interfere with
slavery in the States. We all agree that this
Federal Government is one of delegated, not of
inherent, powers; that it can exercise such au-
thority, and such authority only, as the people
of the States which created it have conferred upon
it; and they have not given it any authority to
interfere with the domestic institutions of any
State. I have always insisted that the people of
the northern States were in no manner responsible
for slavery in the southern States; and why? Be-
cause they had no power in regard to it. The
men who made the Government conferred upon
it certain powers; but not the power to interfere
with the domestic institutions of any State; and
we, in the State of Illinois, have no more to do
with slavery in Kentucky, than we have with
slavery in Turkey. We are not responsible for
it. We have no power, under the Government
under which we live, to interfere with it. Each
State has a right to manage its own domestic
affairs.
But, sir, unlike the Senator from Oregon, I will
never agree to put into the Constitution of the
couutry a clauseestablishingormakmgperpetual
slavery anywhere. No,sir; no human being shall
ever be made a slave by my vote. No foot of
God's soil shall ever be dedicated to African sla-
very by my act—never, sir. 1 will not interfere
with it where I have no authority by the Consti-
tution to interfere; but I never will consent, the
people of my State never will consent, the people
of the great Northwest, numbering more in white
population than all yoursouthern States together,
never will consent by their act to establish Afri-
can slavery anywhere. Why, sir, the seven free
States of the Northwest, at the late presidential
election, cast three hundred thousand more votes
than all the fifteen southern States together. Sen-
ators talk about the North and the South, and
speak of having two Piesidents, a northern Pres-
ident and a southern President, as if we had no
such country as the Northwest, more populous
with freemen than all the South. The people of
the South and the people of the East both will, by
and by, learn, if they have not already learyed,
that we have a country, and a great and growing
country, in the Northwest; a free country—made
free, too, by the act of Virginia herself. 1 do not
propose to discuss the House resolution. I have
said on any and all proper occasions, and am will-
ing to say at any time, to our brethren of the
South, we have no disposition, and never had
any, and have no power, if we had the disposi-
tion, to interfere with your domestic institutions.
1 think, then, sir, that none of these compro-
mises will amount to anything; but still I am
willing to do tins, and I think if there is any dif-
ficulty it may be settled in this way: three of the
States of this Union, the State of Kentucky, the
State of New Jersey, and the State of Illinois,
have callcd upon Congress to call a convention
of all the States for the purpose of proposing
amendments to the Constitution. 1 do not think
the Constitution needs amendment, in my judg-
ment, the Constitution as it is, is worthy to be
lived up to and supported. I doubt if we shall
better it; but out of deference to those States,one
of which is my own State, 1 am willing to vote
for the resolution which has been introduced into
this body recommending to the various States to
take into consideration this proposition of calling
a convention, in order to make such amendments
as may be deemed necessary by the States them-
selves to this instrument. So far, I am willing
to go. Would it not have been better for the
seceding States to have done that? Why did
they not propose, instead of attempting hastily to
break up the Government and seizing its public
property, to call a convention in the constitutional
form, of the various States, and if the Federal
Constitution needed amendment, amend it in that
way. No such proposition came from them; but
Kentucky has made the proposition for a conven-
tion, and I am willing to meet her in the spirit in
which it is made, and am ready, for one, and would
be glad if we could all unitedly pass the resolu-
tion suggesting to the States to call a convention
to make any and all amendments to the Constitu-
tion which theexigenciesof the times may require.
The Senator from Texas wants to know how
we are going to preserve the Union; how we
are going to stop the States from seceding? And
our southern fnenus sometimes ask us to give
them something to stand upon in the South. The
best political foundation ever laid by mortal man
upon which to plant your foot is the Constitution.
Take the old Constitution as your fathers made it,
and go to the people on that; rally them around
it, and not suffer it to be kicked about, rolled in
the dust, spit upon, and their efforts to be wasted
in vain efforts to amend it. Why, sir, has that
old instrument ceased to be of any value? These
gentlemen who are talking about amending it, and
talking about guarantees as a condition to remain
in the Union, claim to be par excellence the Union
men. Why, sir, I conceive I an^a much better
Union man than they. I am for theUnionunder
the Constitution as it is, and I am willing to live
and die by it as it is. 1 am willing, however,
that a convention should be called out of defer-
ence to those who may wish to alter it; but I am
not one of those who dcclare that unless this
provision is made, and unless this guarantee is
given, I will unite to destroy the Union, and cease
to observe the Constitution as it is.
Sir, the southern States have been arming.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] told us
the other day, that his State had appropriated
§1,500,000 to arm its citizens. For what? To
arm its citizens to fight against this Government;
and then tell us that, to a man, they will fight
against this Government, if it undertakes to en-
force its laws, which they call coercion, the coer-
cion of a State ! Why, sir, a Government that
has not the power of coercing obedience to its
laws is no Government at all. The very idea of a
law without a sanction is an absuidity. A Gov -
ernment is not worth having that has not power
to enforce its laws. If the Senator from Texas
wants to know my opinion, I tell him yes, I am
for enforcing the laws. Do you mean by that
you are going to march an army to coerce a State ?
No, sir; and I do not mean the people of this
country to be misled by this confusion of terms
about coercing a State. The Constitution of the
United States operatesupon individuals; the laws
operate upon individuals; and wherever individ-
uals make themselves amenable to the laws, I
would punish them according to the laws. We
may not always be able to do this. Why, sir,
we have a criminal code, and laws punishing
larceny and murder and arson and robbery and
all these crimes; and yet murder is committed,
larcenies and robberies are committed, and the
culprits are not always punished and brought to
justice. We may not be able, in all instances, to
punish those who conspire against the Govern-
ment. So far as it can be done, 1 am for exe-
cuting the laws; and I am for coercion. I am
for settling, in the first place, the question whether
we have a Government before making compro-
mises which leave us as powerless as before.
Sir, if my friend from Kentucky would employ
some of that eloquence of his w'hich he uses in
appealing to Republicans, and talking about com-
promise—in defense of the Constitution as it is,
and in favor of maintaining the laws and the Gov-
ernment—we should see a very different state of
things in the country. If, instead of coming foi-
ward with compromises, instead of asking guar-
antees, he had put the fault where it belongs; if
he called upon the Government to do its duty; if.
instead of blaming the North for not making con-
cessions where there is nothing to concede, and
not making compromises where there was noth-
ing to compromise about, he had appealed to the
South, which was in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, and painted before them, as only he
could do it, the hideousness of the crimes they
were committing, and called upon them to return
to their allegiance, and upon the Government to
enforce its authority, we would have a very dif-
ferent state of things in this country to-day from
what now exists.
This, in my judgment, is the way to preserve
the Union; and i do not expect civil war to fol-
low from it. You have only to put the Govern-
