1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1888
merit in a position to make itself respected, and
it will command respect. As I said before, five
hundred troops in Charleston would unquestion-
ably have kept that port open; and if you will
^ arm the Government with sufficient authority to
™ maintain its laws and give us an honest Execu-
tive, I think you will find the spread of secession
soon checked; it will no longer be a holiday affair.
But while we submit to the disgrace which is
heaped upon us by those seceding States, while
the President of the United States says, " you
have no right to secede; but if you want to, you
may, we cannot help it," you may expect seces-
sion to spread.
Why, sir, the resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of New York, which were passed early
iu the session, tendering' to the Federal Govern-
ment all the resources of the State in money and
men to maintain the Government, had a most
salutary effect when it was heard here. 1 saw the
effect of it at once. It was the first blow at seces-
sion. Let the people of the North understand
that their services are required to maintain this
Union, and let them make known to the people
of the South, to the Government and to the coun-
try, that the Union shall be maintained; and the
object is accomplished. Then you will find Union
men in the South. But while this secession fever
was spreading, and the Union men of the South
had no support from their Government, it is 110
wonder that State after State undertook to with-
draw from a Confederacy which manifested no
disposition to maintain itself.
My remedy for existing difficulties is, to clothe
the Government with sufficient power to maintain
itself; and when that is done, and you have an
Executive with the disposition to maintain the
authority of the Government, 1 do not believe that
a gun need be fired to stop the further spread of
of secession. I believe, sir, after the new Ad-
ministration goes into operation, and the people
of the South see, by its acts, that it is resolved to
maintain its authority, and, at the same time, to
make no encroachments whatever upon the rights
of the people of the South, the desire to secede
will subside. When the people of the southern
States, on the 5th of March, this year, and on the
5th of March, 1862, shall find that, after a year
has transpired under a Republican Administra-
tion, they are just as safe in all their rights, just
as little interfered with, in regard to their domes-
tic institutions, as under any former Administra-
tion, they will have no disposition to inaugurate
civil war and commence an attack upon the Fed-
eral Government.
Why, sir, some Senators talk about the Fed-
eral Government making war. Who proposes it?
The southern people affect to abhor civil war,
when they, themselves, have commenced it. In-
habitants of the six seceding States have begun
the war. What is war? Is firing into your ves-
sels war? Is investing your forts war? Is seiz-
ing your arsenals war? Is capturing your troops
war? They have done it all, and more; and then
have the effrontery to say to the United States,
" Do not defend yourselves; do not protect your
Government; let it fall to pieces; let us do as wc
please, or else you will have war." The high-
wayman meets you on the street, demands your
purse, and tells you to deliver it up, or you will
have a fight. You can always escape a fight by
submission. Ifin the right—and which is far bet-
ter than to submit to degradation—you can often
escape collision by Seing prepared to meet it. The
moment the highwayman discovers your prepa-
ration and ability to meet him, he flees away. Let
the Government be prepared, and we shall have
no collision.
I cannot think the people of this country in the
loyal States would causelessly inaugurate civil
war by attacking the Government; and I regard
all the States as loyal, which have not undertaken
to secede. 1 regard Kentucky and Tennessee
and Missouri as loyal States, just as much so as
Illinois. Why, sir, I live right upon the borders
of Missouri, and I know that the people across
the river were, lastfall, just as good Union men
as they were in Illinois. They never thought of
secession until the thing was started in South
Carolina, and until some persons here in Congress
began to talk aboutguarantees, instead of coming
out for the Constitution and the Union as they
are. When Senators began to introduce propo-
sitions demanding guarantees as a condition of
continuing in the Union, the real true Union men,
in many instances, took sides with them, and thus
became, m fact, only conditional Unionists. Iam
happy to say that they are getting over it, not
only in Missouri, hut they are already cured of
it in Tennessee; and I trust in all the other States
save those which, in their hurry, and with incon-
siderate zeal, have already taken measures, as far
as they could, to dissolve their connection with
the Government. Sir, I cannot think it possible
that this great Government is to go out without
a struggle—a Government which has been blessed
so highly, and prospered so greatly. What occa-
sion is there for breaking it up? Are we not the
happiest people in the world? Do we not enjoy
personal liberty and religious freedom? What is
it that the people of these southern States would
have? Does anybody propose to interfere with
their domestic institutions? Nobody. Doesany-
body deny their equal rights in the Territories?
Nobody. Why, sir, look at our condition. We
are one of the great nations of the world. At the.
peace of 1783, we had, 1 think, something like
three million population; we have now more than
thirty million. At that time we had thirteen
Slates; now we have thirty-four States; and our
Territories have spread out until they extend
aci'oss the continent. The boundaries of the Re-
public embrace to-day a greater extent of country
than was contained within the Roman empire,in
the days of its greatest extent, or within the em-
pire of Alexander when he was said to have con-
quered the world.
Sir, I cannot believe that this mad and insane
attemptto break upsuch a Govcrnmentis to suc-
ceed. If my voice could reach them, I would call
upon my southern brethren to pause, to reflect,
to consider if this Republican party has yet done
them any wrong. What complaints have they to
make against us? We have never wielded the
power of the Government—not for a day. Have
you of the South suffered any wrong at the hands
of the Federal Government? If you have, you
inflicted it yourselves. We have not done it. Is
it the apprehension that you are going to suffer
wrong at our hands? We tell you that wc intend
no such thing. Will you, then, break up such
a Government as this, on the apprehension that
we are all hypocrites and deceivers, and do not
mean what we say? Wait, 1 beseech you, until
the Government is put into operation under this
new Administration; wait until you hear the in-
augural from the Presidentelect; and, I doubt not,
it will breathe as well a spirit of conciliation and
kindness towards the South as towards the North.
While I trust it will disclose a resolute purpose
to maintain the Government, I doubt not it will
also declare, in unequivocal terms, that no en-
croachmentsshall be made upon the constitutional
rights of any State while he who delivers it re-
mains in power.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I deem it in some
sense unfortunate that the distinguished Senator
from Illinois who has just taken his seat should
have thought it,necessary to refer, in a speech so
elaborate, and, in most respects, so excellent, to
the few remarks I deemed it proper to make when
I declared, two or three nights ago, that it was
my purpose to vote to submit the proposition of
the peace convention to the people of the United
States. Having done so, however, it appears to
me to render it not only proper, but necessary,
that I should say a few words in explanation of
the course which 1 proposed then, and propose
now, to pursue, in order—although I am ae well
aware as any other gentleman that my course can
be comparatively of little consequence, except
from the place where I make it—that nobody may
misapprehend the reasons which govern me,pre-
ferring to give them myself, rather than let any-
body else do that for me.
I may say, in the first place, that notwithstand-
ing the classification which I think my friend in-
considerately attempts, I am about as good a
Republican as anybody. I need not remind my
honorable friend that, more than ten years ago,
being then a Representative from the State which
he now represents with so much distinction on
this floor, it was my fortune to vote alone of all
the delegation, against the whole of what were
then called the compromise measures of the Con-
gress of 1850. I rejoice that not so much what I
said, as what I did then, enlightened his conscience
and his understanding upon that point; and I re- j
joicc, too, that he has followed in that course so
earnestly and so ably. I think, therefore, if my
Republicanism dated no further back than that, it
is sufficient to guard me against any imputation
because I may happen to disagree with other gen-
tlemen as to the propriety of submitting some-
thing to the people under the peculiar circum-
stances which now surround us.
My honorable friend has chosen to say that the
Constitution is good enough; that it needs no
amendment. Hc.cannot expect me to be alarmed
by that declaration, when he, in conjunction with,
another not less distinguished Senator, proposed
•to submit to the people, himself, .propositions to
amend it. If I remember right, being one of the
minority of the committee to whom these peace
convention propositions were referred, he and
another Senator, as that minority, submitted to
the Senate a joint resolution, inviting the Legis-
latures of all the States to take the subject of a
convention into consideration, for the purpose of
amending the Constitution of the United States.
I do not think, then, as a distinct proposition,
that it is true that the Senator should rebuke me,
or ought to rebuke me, for having the same will-
ingness to do in one way what he is quite willing
to do in the other. There is this difference be-
tween us: while, by the resolution which I have
proposed to vote for, and the resolution which is
now, technically at least, under consideration, we
propose to limit the subjects upon which the peo-
ple shall determine, his resolution proposes to
open the subject of amendment in its whole length
and breadth.
Again, sir: this matter of amending the Con-
stitution of the United States is no new matter-
How often has it been amended, and how well!
The distinguished Senator from New York, not
now in his seat, has declared, in one of those phil-
osophical essays which are higher than any mere
speech, that it is only wonderful that it does not
need amendment oftener. I am not to be deterred,
therefore, from endeavoring to improve it, by
what I suppose to be mere idle declamation as to
its perfection. I apprehend that in the great prin-
ciples it embodies it is perfect; but, as in 1798
and 1803, and on other occasions, it has been
amended, as, with increase of population, with
extension of the areaof territory, new productions,
new interests, new questions arising, internal and
external, new exigencies may arise, I trust it
may be submitted, in the guarded way which the
Constitution itself proposes, to the people of the
United States to amend it, if they will, without
disrespect to them, or to the instrument itself.
Again, sir: the whole argument of my distin-
guished friend from Illinois proceeds from what,
it appears to nje, is a most strange delusion—that
we must continue to shut our eyes to the actual
condition in which we are placed. I have heard
that argument from the beginning of the session
to the end of it. When we first came here we
were met with threats of disunion. What was
said? Oh, they will not go out; they will not se-
cede; it is all talk; they are endeavoring to bluff
us; they cannot do it; the people will not let them.
But they did do it; they have done it, and there
is another confederacy; not of right but of might.
That is one fact. There is another. The ven-
erable Senator from Kentucky, and the distin-
guished Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
gentlemen who are Union to the very core of
their minds, warn us, beseech us, implore us to
consider the true condition of things in their re-
spective States; and our enemies sneer while they
threaten; and while they threaten, they prepare,
they muster, they array themselves, they arm.
To use language more expressive, but not more
classical, they rob, they steal, they plunder the
property of the United States in States professing
as yet to acknowledge allegiance. That is the
state of things; wrong in my judgment, foolish,
criminal; worse than a crime—a blunder. Still,
sir, the factexists; the stern, stubborn, relentless
fact is there; and we must meet it. Virginia as-
sembles in convention; other States are about to
do so; and you hear to-day, on the last day of
our session, murmurs, deep, portentous, thrilling,
threatening, from the very centers of those States
which my distinguished friends claim as Union-
loving. I doubt, I fear, I exceedingly tremble
for the result in Virginia, and even in Kentucky.
Now, I do not think any reasonable man can say
that that is exactly the act of a loyal State; and
