1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
the coal, and other facilities mentioned in it, the
Government is not bound to take it. The matter
wasdiscussedhere at the lastsession, and fully dis-
cussed; and after discussion, the Senate passed a
bill confirming the conditional contract that had
been made. In the House of Representatives, ho w-
ever, they saw fit, under the opposition that was
made there—anil I do not question the propriety
of it—instead of passing a bill confirming the con-
tract, to provide that a further examination sh ould
be made under Government auspices, under Gov-
ernment direction, to see whether the facilities
could be furnished that were represented to exist,
and which were contracted for by the individual
who made the contract with the Government.
The report made by the Government officers is
conclusive in all particulars. There is no doubt
about it; there is no question about the correct-
ness of the report. It shows that here are the
finest harbors, or as fine harbors as can be found
on the face of the earth, on each side, and a per-
fectly practicable route for a road across, and coal
in any quantity of the finest quality—I have seen
some of it burned myself—directly on the shore,
where it can be furnished to the ships. The cal-
culation that was made last year was, that we
should save, in the price and storage of coal, in
the course of a couple of years, I believe, all that
we pay for the privileges we get. Everybody
' knows that on the Panama route there is no har-
bor that is worth having; that we are exposed to
enormous expense in order to furnish our vessels
with coal there; and we are taxed very heavily in
other particulars. Here is an advantage which I
do not hesitate to say, from the best judgment I
have been able to form upon it, and the examina-
tion that I have been able to give it, if we lose it,
will be taken up directly by some other Govern-
ment. Already offers have been made for it. We
ought by all medns to secure it, if our commerce
and our travel in these seas be worth anything
to lis.
Now, sir, when the matter has been thoroughly
examined; when a good, satisfactory, and safe
contract has been made; one which secures the
Government as to the performance of it, and in-
sures all these advantages; when under the direc-
tion of Congress an examination has been made
with reference to it, and the reports that have
been previously made more than confirmed, it is
remarkable to me that there should be any hesi-
tation whatever m putting it in the power of the.
Government to close this bargain. 1 was about
to say that it was the only thing; but I will not
say that; at any rate it is a good thing, which, if
adopted, is creditable, highly creditable, to this
Administration of the Government; and I hope
we shall no^fail to carry it out.
I rose merely for the sake of making these gen-
eral remarks. The matter was discussed fully at
_ the last session. It is a question whether we
' shall spend a little money for what, in my judg-
ment, will return us tenfold, and in a very short
period of time, in the way of saving to the Gov-
ernment itself m actual expenditure, and will re-
sult in incalculable advantages to our commerce,
if we al"e to have a commerce. Especially does
it become, in my judgment, men from our section,
who are interested in the commerce of the coun-
try, to avail themselves of this without the slight-
est hesitation.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to say that I
concur in every word said by the Senator from
Maine, and I give expression to this concurrence
not accidentally, but from a close and careful ex-
amination of all the facts connected with the case.
I shall, therefore, make no further remark.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not think the Senator from
Maine was quite just in ascribing all the opposi-
tion to this measure to a desire to give a monop-
oly to the Panama Railroad Company. I under-
stood him so to say. Now, Mr. President, I
opposed thjg, measure at the last session, and I
did it from no such motive as is ascribed to me
and others, if hemeans to ascribe that motive 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend, I hope, will
not misapprehend me. I do not say that voting
against it is opposition to it at all. There has
been an active opposition outside and about, and
that 1 ascribe precisely to the cause 1 mentioned.
Where gentlemen choose to vote against a bill
because they are not satisfied about it, far be it
from me to ascribe any motive to them but a
desire to advance the public interest.
I did not work against it out-
No Senator dobs that, 1
Mr. CLARK.
side.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
take it.
Mr. CLARK. I did sppak against It in the
Senate; but I desire to say^hat £ did it from a
good motive, because I was not satisfied that the
harbors had been sufficiently examined, or that
they existed, or that there was an abundance of
coal there, or that there was a good route; but I
did then satisfy myself that if these harbors did
exist and .the matter was as it was represented,
I would give it my support. I now desire to say
that I am fully satisfied that the harbors do exist,
that the coal does exist in abundant quantity and
of good quality, and that the route is a good one.
I therefore now give the measure my support
without any reference to the Panama railroad.
Mr. HALE. This propositon takes me alto-
gether by surprise at this session; I have some
recollection of the discussioji on the subject at the
last session; and I shall bo glad to have the pro-
priety of putting this in the deficiency bill ex-
plained. What is the necessity of loading down
the deficiency bill with this appropriation ?
Mr, FESSENDEN. The answer to thatques-
tion is obvious. In the first place, this is a con-
tract made which has long been pending; and,
although it is a conditional contract, if it is to be
affirmed, it ought to be affirmed immediately; and
it cannot without an appropriation of the money.
In the next place, there is an exceedingly press-
ing necessity on the part of the contractor him-
self, owing to the long delay of Congress; and it
may be possible that he may lose some of the
advantages which he has contracted to give to us
unless he is furnished with means to complete the
contract at once.
Mr. HALE. I confess that I shall bo obliged,
if I vote on this subject now, to vote in the (lark
altogether. The honorable Senator from Maine
intimates that the opposition to this appropriation
comes from the Panama railroad. I hate to vote
on those subjects where I find that I have got to
decide between two jobs—I think that is very
much the case here—and the jobs are Chiriqui
and Panama. I have not had time; and I have
not seen the documents referred to. I very much
doubt the propriety of any such appropriation as
this to answer any public ends. That there is, to
use a popular phrase, " money in it," I have no
doubt—not the slightest; and although my vote,
I know, will not. do any good, and possibly no
hurt, I shall be obliged to vote against it until I
have better light than I have now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not disposed to de-
bate this subject; but I will simply remark ill
reply to what has fallen from the Senator from
Maine, that I have never been approached on this
subject by any person connected with thePanama
railroad that I know of. I do not know that I
am acquainted with more than one gentleman in-
terested in that road, and I have not seen him for
two or three years. My information on the sub-
ject is derived wholly from the reports connected
with it, and especially the reports made in the
House of Representatives by the majority and
minority of the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
believe we have already three routes, and I do
not see any necessity for paying money for a
fourth one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very sorry that it
is necessary for me to explain again. I am as-
tonished that gentlemen here are so very sensi-
tive in regard to a remark which I once explained,
and in winch I said 1 had no allusion whatever to
any gentlemen in the Senate; but if anything
could make me suspect gentlemen, it would be
this extreme sensitiveness for fear they should be
suspected. I said most distinctly that I had no
reference to anybody in the Senate. I spoke of
the opposition that had been made, the stories
that had been got up, the attempts that had been
made to defeat the measure—not by any Senator;
and if I thought any Senator was concerned in it
I should not say so, because it would be unparlia-
mentary and improper—and therefofe I have ex-
plained once what I did mean precisely, and gen-
tlemen ought to take my explanation, and not
require another.
Mr. CLARIv. I am satisfied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, sir, if the Senator
from Now Hampshire [Mr. Hale] does not know
anything about this, it is hi's own fault. Theie
has been a report made, and a full one, stating all
the advantages to the Government, including the
money that the Government would save. It has
been argued in the Senate once before certainly
in full, and all these matters were then explained.
If the Senator does not know anything about it,
it is because he has not looked into it; that is all:
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I have the
least sensitiveness in the world in regard to the
remarks of the Senator from Maine. I am sure
I did not feel any, nor do I feel the slightest, un-
der the threat that he has made, that if I do not
keep still, he will begin to think I act from im-
proper motives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another misun-
derstanding.
Mr. HALE. He said it. I do not know
whether he meant it or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say it.
Mr. HALE. Very well; perhaps he did not
say anything. I said, sir, that I feared, and be-
lieved, and had a suspicion, that this was a con-
test between two jobs. One has already got rights,
and the other is "striving to get them. I do re-
member the discussion that took place in the Sen-
ate last session; and my impression of that de-
bate is, that it was adverse to any action; and
that it was postponed; but I may be mistaken
about that. As I say, this comes upon me sud-
denly now; and, under these impressions, I shall,
without more light than I have had—gentlemen
have put the papers before mo since I got up—
vote against it; and I vote against it without feel-
ing particularly called upon to apologize to any-
body for the reasons that influence me. While
I think I never made an insinuation against the
integrity of anybody on this floor, I feel as easy
as most people do under those which are thrown
at me for any such motives myself. I neither
cast anything of that sort to anybody, nor do I
feel very restive or very sensitive under it from
anybody else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll upon the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I hope the sum will be named
before we vote.
Mr. HUNTER. Three hundred* thousand
dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New
Hampshire recollects the conclusion he arrived
at, I suppose, and forgets the process by which
he arrived at it. The subject was fully discussed
in the Naval Committee when he was present,
and we decided against it.
Mr. HALE. Of course we did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill was adopted by
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg pardon. The Naval
Committee reported against it; but it was after-
wards adopted in the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Benjamin, Bigier, Bragg, Briglit,
Cameron, Clark, Clingman, Coiiamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Gvvin,
Hemphill, Hunter, Jvcrson, Johnson of Arljansas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Monill.
Nicholson, I'dllt, Powell, ltice, Sebastian, Seward, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyek, Wade, and Wilaon—38.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Bingham, Durkee, Hale,
King, Pearee, Saulsbury, anil Wilkinson—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Printing, and have the assent of the Finance
Committee, to report the following amendment:
To enable the Superintendent of Public Printing to carry
into eft'cctthe provisions of tin; joint resolution in" relation
to the public punting," approved June 23, I860, .vt:i5.000.
ProvitUi, That no pait of this appropriation fdiall be ex-
pended until tiie title to the propeity puichased slntll Iiavo
been examined and approved by the Attorney General ot
the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote for that amend-
ment oil the faith of the Printing Committee. I
have not examined it personally; but they say it
is right.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FITCH. The yeas and nays having been
called for, perhaps some brief explanation of the
amendment may be required by Senators, and it
will cheerfully be rendered by the Committee on
Printing. [Mr. Wilson assented.]
It will be recollected that at the fast session of
Congress a joint resolution was passed changing
the present system of printing, and providing foi
