424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the erection or purchase of a Government estab-
lishmentfor that purpose. That erection or pur-
chase was directed to he made by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and whatever contract
he made was to be confirmed by the Joint Com-
mitte^on Printing. He purchased*, it appears,
with the unofficial aid and advice of the Secretary
of the Interior, upon the grounds, as alleged in
a letter from himself, which I now have in my
hand, that a building could not be erected in time
•sufficient to enable him to comply with the law,
which was to go into operation on the 4th of
March. It was impossible for him to erect a
building and put in it the necessary material in
order to commence operations within that period.
Acting under the advice and with the assent un-
officially of the Secretary of the Interior, he pur-
chased an existing establishment. The purchase,
according to the law, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. After due examination of all the
papers, the Joint Committee on Printing unan-
imously confirmed the contract, believing it the
very best thing that could be done in the premises
for the Government. The report of the purchase
was made by the Superintendent to the House
committee; but as appears from a letter of the
chairman of the House committee, it came there
too late to be inserted in the deficiency bill, the
proper place for the appropriation; because other-
wise the money cannot be paid until after the 30th
of June next, and the law requires the establish-
ment to go into operation on the 4th of March.
I may add, furthermore, that the printing of the
House, it is understood, is not now promptly
executed; and the Superintendent and tne House
committee desire this establishment to be put into
operation for the benefit of the House printing.
The contract, and all the papers in the case are
here, and can be read if any Senator de&ires to
have them read; but I believe 1 have given afull,
though brief, statement of the facts.
Mr. CAMERON. Every SenaLor present, I
suppose, knows that I have always been opposed
to the establishment of a Government printing
office. I think it wrons;,and I believe time wiil
prove it; but 1 have paid some attention to this
subject, air# I am satisfied that the wisest thing
that could have been done under the circum-
stances, was to buy this office. This printing
office of Wendell is the most perfect printing
office, not only in the United States, but in the
world. It cost a much larger sum than the Gov-
ernment has agreed to pay for it, and you have
saved a gjreat many jobs by making tins purchase.
1 am satisfied that from seventy-five to one hun-
dred thousand dollars have been saved by making
this arrangement, and God only knows how
much more you save from what would be ex-
pended, if you were to go on and erect a new
building. 1 think that everybody who is in favor
of the interests of the Government, and who is m
favor of stopping the constant plunder in the
shape of public pruning, ought at once to vote for
the appropriation to buy this office. Let us try
this experiment, and get done with it as soon as
we can. I bfrlieve the experiment wrong; but I
am satisfied that this is a wise measure in regard
to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Baker, ftenjamm, 15iir!r r,
Bragg, Cameron, Clurk, CImgman, Collamer, CrUtenden,
Dixon, Fesspndttn, Fitch, Foot, Fo«.t<-'r, Gwiu, Hemphill,
Hunter, lvi>i?son, Johnson of Atkansas, Kennedy, Lane,
X,atham, Mason, Nicholson, L'earcc, Polk, Rice, ttauhlntry,
Sebastian, Seward, Simmon-*, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, WigtaU, and Wilson—37.
NAYri—Messrs. Bingham, Doohttle, Hale, Johnson of
Tcnm^scc, King, MoniH, Powell, Wade, and Wilkin-
son—9. *
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is incumbent
upon the Chair to call up at this hour the special
order, which is the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. GWIN. Let it be passed over informally.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that, by general con-
sent, we shall be allowed to go on with this bill.
I move to postpone all prior orders.
Air. GWIN. I hope not. The railroad bill
can be passed over informally.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate will agree to
that, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent, the Pacific railroad bill can be passed
over for the present. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the deficiency bill is still before the
Senate. /
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office anty Post Roads to offer an
amendment, to insert At the end of the bill the
following: V/
To Cornelius Vandemnt, for carrying the mails from
Now York, via Panama, to San Francu.co, three times a
month, from the 1st of July, 1860, at the rate of §350,000 per
annum, fiom which sum shall be deducted the amount re-
ceived for postages on said route ; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authonzed to contract with said Vanderbilt,
to cariy the mails in the manner as afoiesaid until the 30th
ol June next at the same rate of compeiwm'on; and so
much money is hereby upptoprjated out of the Treasury of
the United States, as may be necessary to carry out the
said contract.
At the last session of Congress no provision
was made for carrying the mails by the ocean
route. The Postmaster General made a contract,
subject to the approval of Congress, to carry those
mails at the compensation stated in the amend-
ment, until the 4th o£ March. The committee
thought it proper to extend the privilege of carry-
ing them at the same rate of compensation to the
end of the present fiscal year. This gives us a
mail three times a month for $400,000 less than
was formerly paid for the same service.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to have that
amendment so modified as to vest the power in
the Postmaster General to settle with the contract-
ing parties. Mr. Vanderbilt is not the only person
who has discharged this service. His contract
only extends from the city of New York to Aspin-
wall. The railroad company have carried the
mail across the Isthmus, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company upon theother side. When
Congress makes this appropriation, I should like
to see a proper recognition of their services made;
for when the PostOfficcDopartmcntfirst wished to
make this contract, Mr. Vanderbilt peremptorily
refused to carry the mail. ThePacificMail Steam-
ship Company were perfectly willing to do it.
They brought all the mail from San Francisco to
Panama, upon the other side, whore the old con-
tract ended, and it was left upon the Isthmus, Mr.
Vanderbilt refusing to carry it to New York. The
railroad company were also willing to carry it.
My colleague and myself, as he knows very well,
while in New York, waited upon the agent of Mr.
Vanderbilt's company, and he declined to carry
the mad in the absence of legislation, or to have
anything to do with it. The Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company were perfectly willing to carry it
after Congress had failed to make the appropria-
tion last year, and the same is true of the railroad
company. Now, I ask that the amendment be
modified, so that their services may be recognized,
and that Congress, in making this appropriation,
will not give the sole and entire crcditof carrying
: the mail from San Francisco to New York and
back again to this individual. These companies
arc entitled to a recognition of their services. I
think the amendment should be so modified.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment is drawn in
accordance with the recommendations of the Post
Office Department. The contract, as I understand
the Postmaster General, was made with Mr. Van-
derbilt. Ilere is a letter from the Assistant Post-
master General, stating that he had made a con-
tract with Mr. Vanderbilt, and he has asked that
this amendment should be passed in this form.
It came from the Post Office Department to me.
What my colleague has said in regard to throwing
out the mails there, is correct; but I took it for
granted the Postmaster General had made it in
the proper form covering the whole case.
Mr. IIUNTER. You had better have that
letter read.
Mr. GWIN. Here is the letter of the Assist-
ant Postmaster General, and here are the esti-
mates, also.
Mr. LATHAM. I will merely state, in addi-
tion, that I waited upon the AssistantPostmaster
General myself, and he gave me a certificate of
the fact that the mail upon the other side was
carried by the steamers of i he Pacific Mad Steam-
ship Company, specifying their trips and names.
I know myself, of my own knowledge, as every
Senator here does, that no one but the railroad
company can carry it across the Isthmus. I
therefore move to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out Air. Vanderbilt's name, so as to let it read
simply for carrying the mails between New York
and San Francisco.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California proposes an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to have the letter of
the Assistant Postmaster General read, in which
he says that he made this contract with Mr. Van-
derbilt. That is the only information I have on
the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Post Office Department, December 15, I860.
Sir: I hoped ere this to have had a full conversation
with you on the subject of Commodore Vandei hilt's present
contract for carrying the California and South American
mails. But I may, perhaps, say ali that is necessary in a
few words.
You are aware that I was in New York and took an active
part in getting him to consent to take charge of these mails
early in July last, several cart-loads of which were then
lying in the New York office, and f pledged myself to exert
any influence I possessed towaid securing to him a fair
remuneration for the seivice
Under the old contracts lor semi-monthly service on this
line, including branch from New Oilcans, the annual cost
was $738,250, at a time when the expense of the Isthmus
convejance was but #100,000 ; and lor a penod when this
conveyance cost at the rate of ^160,000. the entire expense
reached the sum of $-796,250.
At the expiration of these contracts, it will be recollected
that Coinmodoie Vanderbilt entered into a temporary con-
tract lor twice-monthly servicc, nine months, up to June 30,
1860, at the rate of j~s250,000 per annum, exclusive of the
Panama laijroad service, which was continued at the former
contract pay of $100,000; making the whole cost §350,000.
This being a reduction of $388,250 on the previous cost,
was regarded as exceedingly reasonable ; and in adjusting
the compensation under the existing contract, I beg leave
to suggc?>t that, in view of his peiforming tri-montbly ser-
vice, embracing the Isthmus conveyance, if he will be sat-
isfied with the same rate of pay, ($350,000,) it seems to me
there t-hould be no hesitation in gianting it. It is true the
bianch trom New Orleans is omitted; but this is much more
than olFset by the third monthly trip.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, HORATIO KING,
First Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. S. Colfax, House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, sir, this
amendment was designed to meet a provisional
contract made by the President of the United
States with Mr. vanderbilt. It turned out that,
under existing laws, owing to the failure of Con-
gress to puss an appropriation, he could get noth-
ing but the postages on nrinted matter. That
would not compensate him, and he threw the mails
out. lie was under no obligation to carry them;
but, at the request of the Postmaster General, he
agreed to carry them upon his avowal that he
would simply recommend Congress to appropri-
ate. There is no law-by which we are bound,
tie carried them at a great saving to the Govern-
ment as compared with the prices which had
formerly been paid. That being the case, it seems
to me we ought to make up the sum which he
promised. I am willing to go as far as.the Depart-
ment recommended, because they have examined
it; but I am not willing to amend it and go fur-
ther, because I do not know whether it will be
right or wrong. As far as they have proposed,
it is manifestly just. If they made this bargain
with him—and agood bargain it turned out to be
—and he carried it upon mere faith, there being
no obligation that Congress would nay him, I
think it ought to pay him. The portion of that
amendment which the Department did not recom-
mend is that which provides that the President or
Postmaster General may contract, after the 4th of
March, at the same rate. That was leftout origin-
ally; because, at that time, it was supposed they
would make another arrangement by law in the
House for the period of time intervening between
the 4th of March and the 1st of July next. Upon
consultation with the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads of the House,
he suggested that we had better putin this amend-
ment, in order to secure the carrying of the mails,
if they failed in the House to carry out the plan
which they have there, and which he thought
they would fail in carrying out. That portion is
not according to the estimate, but is according to
the principle of the former contract, and was put
in for the reason that I have just stated.
Mr. FIALE. I desire simply to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from California, who intro-
duced this amendment, to one point. My im-
pression is, that this amendment does not carry
out what the committee agreed upon. The com-
mittee agreed to allow this sum to be paid to them,
and they agreed that as this Administration would
go out by the 4th of March, if not sooner, [laugh-
ter,] and this contract only running to that time,
