1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
if I repeat it, I shall not permit my distinguished
friend from Illinois to classify me, even by im-
plication, with those who encourage, approve, or
will allow it.
Why, Mr. President, in the earlier days of the
session, I seized what was rather a remarkable
occasion to say that, in my judgment, secession
had no warrant in the Constitution; that it was
disorganizing and destructive. I said so then,
and 1 believe it now; and, sir, if I may add my
sentiments to my conviction, I may say yet fur-
ther, if that time shall come when, in the judg-
ment of the whole country,under the auspices of
a new Administration, in the presence of the
world, it shall be necessary for £he peace of the
Union, and for the preservation of the great prin-
ciples of free government, to put down secession
by force, I shall not be found behind those who
profess themselves willing to lead the advance
now. But, sir, I am so fearful of the effect of
the secession of seven States, that I do want, in
my heart and soul, to avoid the secession of fifteen.
Mr. WADE. There are not seven yet.
Mr. BAKER. Yes, sir; Texas is going, going,
going, gone; gone even while I speak. Talking
of war, it would not be a very hard thing to whip
the six or seven cotton States or Gulf States, if
Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, Maryland,
and Tennessee, these great military States, were
true. If they have notgot ports to blockade, nor
forts to take, though 1 believe they have stolen
some of ours, we could find other ways of bring-
ing on a collision, and whipping them if neces-
sary; but with the border States to help us, we
might stay at home and have it done. But if
there are fifteen States to whip, what hero will
undertake it? Sir, we can do it; not that we are
any braver than they; but that we are more nu-
merous and richer. But when we have done it,
what then ? Will you compel them to an unwill-
ing embrace? We talk about maintaining the
Government. What is the Government, if more
than a third of those whom you attempt to govern
defy it? How can you do it ? You may compel
your wife to live in the same house, but you can-
not compel her to love you, and we do not very
often; and that shows the meaning of what is
often said, this is a Government of public opin-
ion. We must have a loyal, cordial afiection of
sentiment and opinion of a majority, a Hear ma-
jority, of the people of tins Union with us, or we
cannot maintain it.
My honorable friend and many gentlemen on
this sale of the Chamber say, we have done noth-
ing to alienate that opinion. I think so too. I
agree to that; I believe it. It seems to me that in
my heart I know that 1 love, the people of the
South, and so do my constituents. We would do
them no harm, and we would willingly do them a
great deal of good. The Government has been
built up under joint auspices. We have marched
in a common career of glory. Together we have
inscribed new names upon the broad banner of
the Republic; names of glory and icnown; and
•we have a thousand recollections and a thousand
hopes to bind us together. That is not the ques-
tion. They do not all belike that. I am not sure
that half of them believe it. None of the cotton
States do. It is yet to be tested how strong that
belief is in what we call the border States.
Now, sir, I am going to do my poor devoir to-
night to make them believe it more strongly. I
am going to try to convince them; and in doing
that, I know that I hurt nobody. Why, we Re-
publicans were in the habit of saying from the
beginning—I meant it, I believed it—that wo had
no power, nay, more, that we had no desire, to
interfere with slavery onywhtre within the bor-
ders of their States. Why not say so openly?
Why not agree with the other House? Why not
say so—-not grudgingly, unwillingly, fearfully?
Why not come up like men, and say, in our hearts
and consciences, we do believe this, men and
brethren; we are willing to avow it here? That,
it seems to me, is the point of difference between
my distinguished fiiend and myself.
Sir, the evil is distrust. The distinguished Sen-
ator who occupies the chair to-night [Mr. Ma^ox]
distrusts us. He avows it every day. My friend
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] says they will do so after
we have voted for this resolution. Sir, ifrthey
do, that is their fault, and not ours. That is my
reply. Gentlemen who moke thiskindof speeches
seem to suppose that people everywhere are quite
perfect; that there can be no misapprehension,no
mistake, no bad passions to intrude into the ques-
tion for our determination. I believe that the
South is very much mistaken; and I think we
have given them no good reason. They magnify
what little we may have given; but there is a state
of fearful distrust among our southern brethren.
Let me ask you, sir, when we adjourn, and the
question is, what have we done ? and the reply is,
nothing, literally nothing: what then? Will dis-
trust be lessened? Will the Union feeling be
stronger? Will you have the kindly feeling of
the border States as much as you have it to-night?
Will you sustain our Union friends? Is there a
man in all Virginia who loves you, who will not
feel his heart sinking within him when he knows
of our adjournment without one word of concilia-
tion, compromise, or kindness spoken? That is
the question. Has the speech of my honorable
friend from Illinois determined that question ?
Now, sir, talking of coercion: 1 repeat, you can-
not coerce fifteen States; you may coerce seven;
and if I were a coercionist in that sense of the
term, I would like to get all the help i could. It
would not hurt to have Tennessee, if we had to
march an army down there, turning out ten,
twenty, or thirty thousand riflemen to do it. It
would not hurt to have Virginia and Kentucky to
aid us; and if, (which God forbid !) either from
the difficulty about Fort Sumter—there will be a
difficulty there yet, I believe—or anywhere else,
blood shall be shed and war shall occur, I want
not only to be right, but I want the whole re-
maining Union with us as it is to-night, in senti-
ment, in conviction, in heart, in feeling, and in
action; and when the Senator from Kentucky
comes to me, and when the Senator from Tennes-
see comes to me, and says: sir, pass this resolution;
strengthen us; hold up our hands; give us confi-
dence; place arguments in our lips; persuade the
South that you do not hate them; that you do
love them; that you desire really to conciliate
them and to remove hatred; I answer, what harm,
and why not? I will do it. Then, if coercion
is necessary, I will cocrce. An old Whig, follow-
ing in the lend of Mr. Clay, reverencing his
words, I would coerce them. I am willing m a
proper case to try the strength of this Govern-
ment; but I know that the strength of this Gov-
ernment is the Union of as many of its people as
is possible. No word of mine shall be wanting
to efieet it.
Let me ask you again, sir, what will he the
feeling ot Montgomery when they arc told that
we have adjourned? They will ask, what have
they done? Have they consulted the border
States? Have they pleased Kentucky? Have they
strengthened Tennessee? Have they reunited Vir-
ginia with them ? Will North Carolina keep with
the North? These are pregnant questions; and, sir,
how much of exultation will there be among all
the secession leaders when they arc told we would
not utter one word; that we would not conde-
scend to notice the difficulty; that we would not
pretend that we ever heard there was secession
South; and that we adjourned sullenly, coldly,
disregarding not only all the confederation of the
South, but all the discontent in the North? As I
said the other day, I beg leave to repeat; it is a
pretty fearful thing to contemplate civil war at any
age; but you cannot make war with two thirds of
your people against one third.
That brings me to consider another question
for a moment. We have got a laige Republican
paity, gentlemen of the North—very huge. In
the State soon to be honored by the representation
of a distinguished friend who sits before me, from
Indiana, (Mr. Lane,) they have a majority of
over fifteen thousand votes. That is about one in
fifteen, is it not? Now, a change of five, six,
seven percent.—five men in a hundred, perhaps—
will change Indiana; moderate,conservative, rea-
sonable men, who love peace, who do not fear
compromise, and who really do believe that it is
better to poax our southern brethien than to
threaten them or to whip them. In New York,
they have six hundred thousand votes; and with
a divided Democratic opposition, we had a ma-
jority of fifty or sixty thousand—one*in twelve.
A very little would change that. We know—we
cannot shut our eyes to the fact—that a very large
portion of the minority in all these States, first,
have strong political bias; next, they do consci-
entiously believe that the best way to bring these
people back is not to make war upon them. Will
they vote you money? Will they turn out your
men ? Can you rely on them to carry, by the
mere force of a party majority, just what you
want to do?
Sir, we shall not be wise if we do not think of*
these things. What then? Let us go among our
people and say, there is the olive branch; there
is peace; there is concession; there is compro-
mise, reasonable, dignified, fair, just; they have
refused it; they are not satisfied; they go out;
they confederate; they are treasonable; they are
rebellious; now the peace of the world requires
that we should try strength with them to main-
tain the Union. Sir, we can do that; and then
every hill top, every valley, every plain, every
river side, will pour forth its thousands and tens
of thousands of men to stand by the Union;and
God and his angels will march to defend the right.
I know that will be the case in the State that I
represent; and I believe it will be the case in the
State of every gentleman near me.
Mr. President, talking a little m^re of coercion,
I do not care how you make the distinction be-
tween the individual andtheState. I donotcare
whether I am going, if I make war, to coerce the
State of South Carolina or all the people in South
Carolina. It is at last a distinction without a dif-
ference. I am very sure there is no right of seces-
sion; but I am equally sure there is the fact of
secession. They have seceded; they have over-
turned our authority; they have taken our prop-
erty; they have seized our forts; they have dragged
that old, time-honored, starry banner in the dust;
they are confederate States; they have a president;
they have a constitution; and, whether right or
wrong, they have an ardent, determined popula-
tion to support them. Since the day when Wash-
ington was inaugurated, never did a President of
the United States pronounce his introductory ad-
dresssurrounded with more difficulties, calling for
more wisdom, demanding more the spirit of just
conciliation and manly compromise, than will
Abraham Lincoln when he pronounces that ad-
dress to-morrow. 1 would back him; I would
encourage him; I would hold up his hands; I
would remind him that he was elected by the votes
of the whole people; I would call upon him to act
for the whole people; I would do it with my vote
to-night. I shall not approach him to-morrow.
The time is too far gone by. I do not profess to
be in his confidence; but, as his constitutional
adviser, among our last acts, I would record my
word, my pledge, my vote. I will say to the peo-
ple of the whole Union, I do not believe that the
Constitution does allow mo to interfere with sla-
very where it now exists; but you of the South
all appear to believe that if we get the power we
shall alter the Constitution; or, without altering
the Constitution, we shall carry out our views
within your borders.
W.e give you pledges; we record our will; we
duelaie our vote; we publish it to the woild; we
setup an eternal monument of peace; we build
an altar around which we may worship, where
we may nlTer a sacrifice which God himself might
approve. " Oh!" says somebodybut you con-
cede; you compromise." What if wedo? Iam
willing to concede. To whom ? I am willing to
compromise. With whom? I said in the early
part of this session, and I say again, I will not
compromise with treason; 1 will not bow to
South Carolina. I will not change one woid; I
will not revoke one expression. We are right;
they arc rebels; the)'1 are traitors, not only to the
Government, but to the peace of the world; and
with them I desire no fellowship, until they re-
turn and repent; and for them I have no word of
compromise or concession. But to Virginia, as
yet, to Kentucky, as yet, to Tennessee, as yet,
not so. Sir, I regret the emotion which disturbs
them. I regret the distrust which agitates them.
I know enough of their peculiar institution to
perceive how natural it is that it should be so.
While I see it, I regret it; but yet, to-night, I feel
it in my heart to go among them, and as man to
man, nay, more, as brother to brother, to say, " let
there, I pray thee, be peace between thee and me:
you doubt mc; there is mypledge; Imayreferyou
to all my past acts; no word, no thought, no afct of
mine in all the past has injured you; but if you fear
me, there is my solemn, sworn, constitutional
vote; now let the old good feeling, and the old
good humor be restored.'' "Ah!" says some-
