1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
body, " but you concede." Well, I do. "You
compromise." I do. But what is it? I give up
to the Union-loving men of the South something
to strengthen them against the men that hate the
Union. I do that, and no more.
• Now, Mr President, who suffers? To con-
cede in the face of the world to the might or the
pride or the imperial tyranny of foreign domina-
tion, is one thing; but to concedcto brethren who
desire to lemain affectionate and loyal, though
they be mistaken and disturbed,isquiteanother.
•If, instead of representing a little State like Ore-
gon, in the far West, I were the proud represent-
ative of the greatState ofMassachusetts, it would
fill my heart with joy, upon such an occasion, to
say," Let bygones be bygones;" or, if not," Let
us remember only those days of trial and of dan-
ger, when, shoulder to shoulder, in the ranks of
glory, we fought against a common enemy, and
won a common renown." I concede to whom,
and for what? Mr. President, we talk of our-
selves as the Union party. It is very easy to be
for the Union when it costs us nothing. It costs
no man anything to say that the Union is a great
institution, to sing peans in its praise, to shout
hallelujahs to its glory. This is easily done; but
when we have got to give up something of pride
of opinion, if you like, of past conviction for the
Union, " there's the rub." And it is to that feel-
ing of pride, that love of opinion which we all
possess, that my distinguished friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] appeals when he says, " Do
not compromise. You nave said it; stick to it."
Why, now, about the Chicago platform, I said
it; but I said it, now and then, with a little reser-
vation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the election ?
Mr. BAKER. Yes, before the election. My
friend is always correct. For instance: when I
was called upon to read that chapter in the plat-
form—if that is the correct expiession—which
declares that Congress has not the power to estab-
lish slavery in the Territories, although I hate
slavery, and abhor it, and expect to fight against
it till I die, I cannot for my life sec, if Congress
had the constitutional power to prohibit, why it
had not the same constitutional right to establish;
and therefore I read that in a very faint tone of
voice, and got oil the subject as soon as 1 could.
[Laughter.] But again: I said the other day, and
1 repeat, that platforms are made for men, and
not men for platforms. The platform of 1840,of
1844, or 1848, was not the platform of 1860; they
would not suit. They had answered their pur-
poses; they had combined men for certain great
results; they had attained them; but they must,
from the very necessity of the case, be subject to
all the modifications of time, of circumstance, and
of events. No man is wise who docs not perceive
that. Burke, the greatest of all English, and per-
haps the greatest of living or dead statesmen, said
he did not know which was the greatest fool, the
man who changed too often, or the man who
never changed. The Chicago platform was made
at a time when we Republicans did not believe
that there could be any man rash enough or mad
enough to break up this Union. They have done
it. The Chicago platform was made at a time
when we Republicans did not believe that Vir-
ginia, or Kentucky, or Tennessee, ever could be
in danger; but they are in danger; and now, in
the presence of peace and war, when, aecoidmg
to the ancient idea, thatsometimes might be seen
on the right shoulder and upon the left the good
angel and the bad angel determining a man's life,
we, standing on one side the good angel of peace,
on the other side the bad angel of war, to determ-
ine between them, are not to hesitate about the
construction of any one article of the Chicago
platform. For myself, I venerate consistency; it
is an old jewel that I hope always to see sparkle
in the crown of a good man; but if there be a
question between mere political paz ty consistency
and what 1 believe to be ncccssary for the welfare
of the Union, for me, at least, consistency may
kick the beam.
But, Mr. President, we are to remark that the
question now before us is not one of violation of
any platform. On the contrary, it is to affirm it.
More than a hundred times, in the gorges of the
Sierra Nevada, and on the banks of the Willa-
mette, have I said that I did not believe the Re-
publicans anywhere desired to interfere with the
existence of slavery in the slave States. I believed
it. How shall I feel if I-go back among those
same people and say: "True, I believed it, but
I would not say it? true, I believe it now; but
when good and brave and loyal Union men of the
South came to me and said: ' You will save the
country by saying it,'I sat silently by, and would
not speak?" So my friend from Illinois will do.
He says the Constitution is good enough for him.
Let it be so. Who proposes to change it; or, if
we do change it, in what? To make that certain
in the minds of all men which we ourselves al-
ways have believed.
But, sir, my distinguished friend says that on
a former occasion, 1 declared my willingness to
maintain slavery in the Territory of New Mexico.
Well, now, with a qualification, 1 did, and I think
in that I am subjcct to just the attack he makes
upon me; that I have in that respect changed my
opinions. That is true. I will dare that; if need
be, I will suffer for thai. I have done it, and I
stand here to avow it; and why, and in what?
The wl^y is, because I believe there is to-night
danger that all the fifteen southern States will be
gone. 1 fear that. My venerable friend, [Mr.
Crittenden,] distinguished, honored beyond
most men, makes me, with his earnest manly elo-
quence, believe it. There are tears in his eyes when
he says it; and 1 believe him. In the beginning
of this session, my distinguished friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Johnson,] said that, Union man as he
was, the time might come, ifwedisiegarded all their
appeals, when he would make no compromise,
would make no concession, when Tennessee her-
self might be driven finally to consider and to decide
against us. They alarm me, ami lam not coward
enough to be afraid to express that alarm. They
do alarm me. Sir, 1 blush with conscious shame
for my country, when across the broad Allaire
I hear the echo of a speech from a queen upon
her throne, deploring these intestine commotions
which threaten to icnd us asunder and make us
a divided people, if not, at last, to blot us out from
the list of the great family of nations. 1 would
avoid it if I could, and 1 mean to try to-night.
That is the why. And, Mr. Piesident, [ do not
think there is any cowardice in that. To fear dis-
union is not unmanly; to endeavor to avoid it is
not unworthy. No mail can tell the consequences of
disunion. It is not merely civii war; but if that
civil war arises out of the attempt to coerce them
in, who knows, when war is begun, where it is to
end? who can tell upon what great stricken field
of battle the liberties of one confederacy may be
confirmed and the other lost? It is an old saying,
that when once one drop of hostile blood is shed,
110 man knows what rivers may be added to that
one drop. God alone can tell; and therefore, just
because I do love the Union, because above all
earthly dread and danger I do fear its dissolution,
because I do see in the history of nations, that
when disintegration between States takes place
no man can tell when, where, how, if ever, they
are to bo reunited,—just because I have read and
pondered on these tilings and do f<-ar them, I do
most of all desire to preserve this Union. That
is the why. 0
And now the measure. I would be happy,
very happy, if I could go among the people of
Virginia and Kentucky and quiet their fears. 1
think, if accompanying in my poor way my friend
from Tennessee and my friend from Kentucky, I
were to be allowed to tell the story of the hopes
and wishes and feelingsand opinions of the North,
calmly, quietly, and dispassionately to audiences
who would listen to them as the Athenians listened
to Pericles in the suburb of the Areopagus, I
do not know, but hope I might do something to
convince Virginia that we meant them no harm,
and meant to do them none. I cannot do that;
and if their voice is not heard, how vain would
be mine ? I must do the next thing, and that is, I
must speak here; but how ? Not by high sound-
ing eulogies to the Union; not by mere declara-
tion of love for the whole country, and, when I
am asked to act, refuse. Well, now, they ask
me to act, and particularly on the subject of the
Territories. I can see why. Of all the things that
trouble us on the stump, that perpetual appeal
to our own people " give the South their rights,"
or, as my distinguished colleague from Oregon
says on every occasion "give them the equality
of the States," is the most potent. Though it
is sometimes expressed in a very homely way,
and by very endless and dull repetitions, at the
same time it is a mighty argument to say "We
of the South cannot go where you of the North
may*2* I know there is a logical answer for that,
and as I think a reasonable answer; but after all
it is a kind of argument that appeals to the pre-
judices, if not the reason of menrand now when
you talk that,not to the people of the North,but to
the people of the South, feeling fheir inferiority
in point of numbers and power, it is not very re-
markable that they should beiHstjarbed. Whether
it is remarkable or not, they are disturbed ; and
you, sir, [Mr. Mason in the chair,] with all your
power and eloquence, have been helping to dis-
turb them on this.subject, feeling it no doubt your-
self,for twenty years;and you have accomplished
it. They are disturbed.
Well, now, what of the Territories? After all
the fuss that has been made since the beginning
of the contest, how has it ended? Where sla-
very can go profitably, it has gone. We of the
North have yielded, given up, backed out, com-
promised, fooled about, until they have got it.
Since the beginning of the formation of the Con-
stitution, they havegot Alabama, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Mississippi, Florida, Texas, Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Missouri. They have got New
Mexico; and it ends, as I understand it, by get-
ting all the soil for slavery where slavery can be
healthfully kept, and a little more. Now, on the
other hand, we have got all the soil for freedom
that climate and production can assure freedom
to; and in spite of all our Wilmot provisoes, or
with our Wilmot provisoes, it has settled itself
down to that line of production and non-produc-
tion. The point in question is New Mexico. Our
fiiends say, upon all sides, there is not a Repub-
lican here who believes that New Mexico will be
a slave State. My friend from Michigan does
not.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not.
Mr. BAKER. He hopes not and believes not,
and I believe not; but it is said it is a slave Ter-
ritory. Plow? It has twenty slavesin it. As the
distinguished Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] said, with more graphic portraiture than I
can attempt, with a hundred thousand mfles of
territory, it has but twenty slaves, and that by all'
the encouragement of statute law and against the
law of soil, climate, and production. There are
many good,loyal men, who say to night, "Settle
that tenitorial question; let slavery be there; do
not rout, forcibly, those twenty slaves; give the
people there a chance to make a State; let it be-
come so by time and circumstance and event;
bargain with us only that little; just do that; let
slavery alone there until the people make a State
there;" that is thtyjnd of the whole matter; and
there is loyalty; theie is peace; there is fraternal
feeling; there is Union forever and ever. Some-
body at my elbow—that mischievous devil that
always prompts you upon the weak side of your
own opinion — somebody at my elbow says:
"Why, that is conceding; that is compromising;
whatuo you say to the Chicago platform?" Well,
I admit it is compromising; it is conceding. I do
concede that twenty slaves may remain in New
Mexico, one, two, tnree, or four years to come;
and I do that because I know, as well as I can
read any event that has not yet happened, that in
doing so I assure New Mexico to freedom forever
and forever.
Mr. President, I said New Mexico. Why do
I stop there ? I assure all the continent. There
is not a man on this side that believes in his heart
there will ever he another foot of slave territory.
How, wheie, when, and why? Talking about
Republicanism,! am gray-headed enough to claim
to be one of the fathers of it, ifindeed it has many.
What is its meaning? The true idea of Republic-
anism at last,is butthis: that we desire to prevent
the extension ofslavery; we tlnnkithas room and
verge enough. The means, the measure,is quite
another affair; it is not a contest of one day or of
one year; itis a question of time; its areaisacon-
tinent; nay, more, the world. I am a Republican
not merely because I desire to prevent the exten-
sion of African slavery in the United States, but
on the continent and in the world; nay, more, sir,
because I desire to pre vent the ex tension of any sla-
very anywheie, white or black, in America or in
Russia. Therefore, wherever I see rational con-
stitutional liberty advanced with grand procession
and with stately march, I rejoice; I am exceeding
glad. When 1 heard the other day that Great
