426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
fiscal year 1859-60—ordered at twelve o 'clock and
six minutes.
Letter transmitting a statement of expenses of
national armories, and the arms and appendages
made thereat—ordered at twelve o'clock and
seven minutes.
Letter transmitting copies of the official Army
Register for the present year—ordered at twelve
o'clock and seven minutes.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The spccial order having been in-
formally passed over, it is now before the Senate
for consideration; it is the Pacific railroad bill.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 701) to securc contracts and make pro-
vision for the safe, certain, and more speedy trans-
portation, by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions
of war, military and naval stores, between the
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Benjamin, to strike out in
the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth lines of the first
section the words "a majority of such grantees
shall admit as their associates," and to inseit the
words " shall choose to associate with them, and
become with them subscribers and corporators
for that purpose, as hereafter providedso as to
make the first section read:
Be it enacted, That to insure the safe, certain, and
speedy transportation of mails, troops, and public stores
from the western border of what is callcd our western States,
by railroad, to wit: starting from two points, one on the
western border of the State of Missouri, and the other 011
the western border of Iowa, with two converging linos
beating westward and uniting within two hundred miles of
the Missouri liver, and thence proceeding by a&inglc trunk
line, by the iieaie.^t and best route and by"the vicinity ol
Great tfjll LaKc to the city of fan Fiiiucif-eo, or to the
navigable vvatcis of the Sacramento, In the State of Cali-
fornia, there be, and heieby is, granted to William II.
Swift, Samuel T. J>ana, and John Beitiam, ot Ma.ssaehu-
setts; Moses II. Gnnmill, Henjamin Chambeilnin, Hamil-
ton Fish, John A. t)ix, Daniel U. Eaton, A/.auah lloodv,
Joseph Field, Hiram Harney, Chailes A. Secor, and Sam-
uel H. Iitigglcsj of New Yoik; Daniel J. Monell, Jostph
Harmon, (JenrRO W. Anthony H. WottVird, Joseph
H. Scranton, Moiton McMichael, of Pennsylvania; Ben-
jamin il. Latrobe, Koss Wmans, and Thomas Swami, of
Maryland; Henry D. Neweomb, of Kentucky ; William
Case, S. S. L'Honunedieu, George W. Manjpenny, and
Henry B. Curtis, of Ohio; Thomas A. Morn*, Jesse L.
Williams, Austin P. Lino, and David C. Branham, of In-
diana ; Joshua Cobb, of Ten tierce ; E O. Gm<vonor and
William J. Welles, of Michigan; John Wcnuvoith, N. B.
Judd, John Moore, and Charles <J. Hammond, of Illinois;
John How, James II. Lucas, William Gilpin, and WiUaid
1\ Hall, of Missouri; Charles Mason, Lucius IL Lang-
worthy, HughT.Held,and lloytSherman,ol Iowa; Samuel
J. Hcnsley,T. I). Jud.iti, William Ualie, and LouUMcLatie,
of California; Ilernmu C. Leonard, B F. Harding, and J.
C. Ainaworibj of Oregon, and to such persons as nlmll
choose to associate with them, and become with them sub-
Bcribcis and corporators lor that purpo.se, as heremattiT
provided, every alternate section of land within one mile
of such railroad line ns Mich peisons may adopt, said sec-
tions to be those designated by odd numbers, &e.
ThePlRESlDING OFFICER. Upontliisqucs-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the reading of that
part of die bill which is referred to as " the man-
ner hereinafter provided."
The Secretary read the first section of the bill.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator from Vermont
has had that read, 1 wish simply to say, that as
I understand the bill, if this amendment is not
ad opted, it cannot have my vote, and I am a fiiond
of the bill. The bill, as it stands, makes a close
corporation, confines all its privileges to a few
men, and lets in to the enjoyment of the fran-
chises only such persons as they choose to vote
in. This amendment opens it to the citizens of
the country who choose to subscribe under the
conditions limited in the bill. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted. If it is not, the bill cer-
tainly cannot have my vote.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LATHAM, (when his name was called.)
I merely want to say, having indicated to the Sen-
ate that I should oppose all amendments that were
offered to this bill when it was first presented to
the Senate, that inasmuch as other amendments
have been put upon the bill, and the. Senate has
undertaken to perfect it, I regard this amendment
as one of the most just and proper that has yet
been offered; and I shall, therefore, change the
view I have adopted, and vote for the amendment.
The result was announced—yeas 34, nays il;
as follows:
YEAS- Mesbt>. Benjamin Bingham. Brag". Blight.
Ciingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Green, Hale, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivcrson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
King, Lane, Latham, Morrill, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—34.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Cameron, Clark,
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Seward, Simmons, and Sum-
ner—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN.# I move an amendment to perfect
the bill, as this amendment has been adopted. It
is in line forty-three, after the word "named," to
insert " and their associates."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, I offer an amendment in line seven,
section one, to strike out the words on the west-
ern border of Iowa," and insert " from Superior
City, Wisconsin, via St. Paul, Minnesota;" so
that it will read :
That to injure the .safe, certain, and speedy transporta-
tion of mails, troops, and public stores tiom the western
bolder of what is called our western States, by raihoad, to
wit: starting lrom two points, one on the western border
of the State of Missouri, at the mouth of the Kansns river,
and proceeding thence up the valley of the said river to the
vicinity of Foit Riley, and the other from Superior City,
Wisconsin, via St. Paul, Minnesota, Sac.
And on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and thn Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will suspend the call of the roll. The general prev-
alence of conversation on the floor of the Cham-
ber and in the galleries is such as seriously to
interfere with the progress of business, and must
be suspended. Itis impracticable to preside with
so much confusion. The officers in charge arc
directed to rcmovo the persons from the galleries
who shall violate the order of the body.
Silence having been restored, the Secretary pro-
ceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLK, (when his name was called.) I
wish to say that I shall vote "yea," but at the
same time to state that I shall vote for an amend-
ment, which will confine the advance of money
to the Territories exclusively, and not extend into
the States.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll.
Mr. BINGHAM. I voted " yea"undera mis-
apprehension. I supposed this was the northern
route, for which our Legislature have instructed
the Senators from Michigan to vote. I find that
it is not, and I vote " nay."
Mr. HALE. I am not, like the Senator from
Michigan,instructed to vote " nay;"I vote " nay"
without instructions,
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I purpose to vote for the
amendment that I expect to be offered by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, in relation to the northern
route; but this proposition, as 1 understand, is
to make a road from Lake Superior down to the
central route. I do not think that wise, and there-
fore 1 vote against it.
The result was announced—yeas 12, nays 32;
as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Hiight, Durkee, Green, Iver.son, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Polk, Powell, Itiee, Saul&bury, Ten Eyek,
| and Wilkinson—l:i.
NAYS— Mes.sr>. Maker, Benjamin, Btglcr, Bingham,
Bragg, ChiMidler, ClatU, Oluigman, Collamer, Dixon, Doo-
latlo, Douglas, Fesseuclen, Fiteh, Foot, Foster, Crimes,
(Jwm, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Latham, Nicholson, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I have another amendment to offer.
I suppose there will be no objection to it. It is,
in line forty-nine ofthefirstsection,after the word
"occupied," to strike out the words "at the
dote of passing this act," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words "at the time of the comple-
tion of the survey of said road, whether said
occupants shall reside in the Indian country 01*
elsewhere;" so that the clause will read:
And when the United States have disposed of any sucil
section*, or loi ;iny other reason cannot convoy title thereto,
or when the same shall be condemned hy the United States
surveyor as worthies?, and ltis decifcion he approved by
the Secietary of the Interior; or when the same shall be
mineral lands, or if the same shall he occupied at the time
of the completion of the survey of said road, whether said
occupant* thall reside in the Indian country or elsewhere,
the deficiency shall he made up hy selections made within
six miles from said road from lands of the United States to
which none of the aforesaid objections apply.
The object of the amendment is simply to pro-
tect the settlers ill the Pike's Peak region, and
other portions of the country in which the Indian
title has not been extinguished.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported again. I had prepared an amend-
ment to the same portion of thcfbill, and I should
like to hear this amendmentagain.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I had a rather different
amendment to offer to this clause of the bill. The
necessity for an amendment here is apparent. Of
course, the Senate would never consent that the
men who may occupy portions of this territory
at any time prior to its even being pointed out as
the line 011 which the road shall run, should be
turned out of their homesteads by the selection
by the company; but I suppose that at the date
when the company have pointed out their line,
and made application to the President, their occu-
pancy ought to cease, so as not to interfere with
their operations; and my amendmentwas—I will
suggest to the Senator from Minnesota whether
it is not more just—to make the time for occu-
pancy cease at the time of the application to the
President to withhold the lands from settlement.
I think, whenever the company has made this
application 
Mr. RICE. Might not the company makethat
application prior to survey ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The company is bound to
make the application according to a further clause
of the same section of the act:
That so soon as the terms of this act are accepted by
the parties undertaking to perform the seiviccs herein pro-
vided for, it shall be the duty of the Piesident of the Uni-
ted Stales, upon the application of said parties, to cause
the public lands for six miles on each side of so much of
such road as the parties may indicate to be withheld from
settlement.
Now, when the company has determined where
its line is to be, and calls upon the President, des-
ignating that line, to withhold the lands from set-
tlement, I think they ought to be so withheld.
Mr. RICE. I will state to the Senatorthaton
several occasions companies have applied to the
President to withhold lands from the market, des-
ignating: as nearly as they could the probable line,
and he has so withheld them; but when the sur-
veys were made, it has been found that they have
deviated some three or four miles either way. In
that case we ought to protect the lands to the set-
tlers. When the line shall have been run, each
settler knows exactly his position. I fear the
application will be made before the designation of
the lino.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose the application
would have to designate the line, in order that the
President might know what was to be withheld.
Mr. RICE. They designate itinformally. They
say, from one point to another.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would rather be particu-
lar in that.
Mr. RICE. I have seen the practical working
of it.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. I wish to make a suggestion
on that point. It strikes me there is force in the
objection Thade by the Senator from Louisiana.
If settlers are allowed to follow the surveyor, and
find out about where the line of road is to be, and
take each a town site, and get possession before
the final location of the road, I do not think the
grant would be worth much to the railroad. I
think, therefore, there should be no settlement
allowed to be made after they had designated the
general course of the road; and the land should
be reserved from market. It strikes me that un-
der the amendment as it now stands, speculators
would follow the surveyors and take all the best
lands before the road was finally located, and be
guided by the surveyors in the location of the
road. It seems to me that would greatly impair
the value of the grant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will offer my amend-
ment as an amendment to that of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. RICE. There is a misunderstanding in
regard to this amendment, I am sure. My only
object is to protect the settler. Suppose the com-
pany should apply to the President to withhold
the land for a distance of thirty miles in the Pike's
Peak region, and he should do so: hundreds and
thousands who are upon their way would get
there before they could receive the news of the
withholding of the land; they would have made
their settlements and invested their all upon the
