1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Pow-
ell, Pugii, Rice, Sebastian, Ten Eyck, and Wigfall—
80 the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
frowon the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer a substitute, to strike
out all after the word " resolved," and insert 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask whether there is not
already a substitute to the resolution pending; and
is one substitute for another in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment to the amendment proposes to strike it all
out. When it is read, the Chair will determine
the question.
TheSecretary read the amendment; to strike out
all after the word 44resolved,'5 and insert:
That the provisions of the Constitution arc ample for the
preservation of the Union, and the protection of all the ma-
terial interests of the country ; that Jt needs to be obeyed
rather than amended; and that an extrication from our
present dangers is to be looked for m strenuous efforts to
preserve the peace, protect the public property, and enforce
the laws, rather than in new guarantees for particular in-
terests, compromises for particular difficulties, or conces-
sions to unreasonable demands.
Resolved, That all attempts to dissolve the present Union,
or overthrow or abandon the present Constitution, with the
hope or expectation of constructing a new one, are dan-
gerous,illusory, and destructive; that in the opinion of the
Senate of the United States no such reconstruction is prac-
ticable ; and, theiefore,to the maintenance of the existing
Union and Constitution should be directed all tiie energies
of ah the departments of the Government, and the efforts
of all good citizens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senato r from Michigan will
not be in order until the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio shall have been voted upon,
both having the same object in view—a substitu-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, I move to strike out
the first resolution of the substitute of the Senator
from Olfio, and insert this,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read what is proposed to be striekenout.
The Secretary proceeded to read the first sec-
tion of Mr. Pugh's amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume every one knows
what the Crittenden proposition is. Nobody
wants it read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not care about its being
read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will now inquire whether
it is in order to amend a proposed amendment to
the Constitution, by adding matter that does not
propose to amend it at all ? The Senator is offer-
ing now a resolution that it is not neccssary to do
what the very proposition itself is doing, and
making that a part of the constitutional amend-
ment itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would prefer not to rule the amendment out of
order, but allow the Senate to take a vote 011 the
proposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is entirely incongruous.
Mr. KING. That is a question for the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, the ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio,
Mr. WILSON. Have the yeas and nays been
ordered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
been ordered.
Mr. B1GLER. I desire to say, before casting
my vote, that it is well known that I prefer the
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky. I
(should prefer vastly to see them adopted by the
Senate and by the House of Representatives; but
it is obvious that the adoption of those proposi-
tions, as amendments to the House resolution,
would simply defeat that resolution. That reso-
lution, as an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, is by no means satisfactory. It
is far from what the exigencies of the times re-
quire. It, in truth, amounts to nothing but a
mere declaration; a declaration which, coming
from the other side, I agree may be of some tem-
porary value to the country—the declaration that
the Constitution shall not be changed, so as to
allow Congress to interfere with the local institu-
tions of the States. That is all there is in it; for
the article itself remains liable to change under
the same rule as any other portion of the Consti-
tution. But, sir, as we can get nothing else at
this late hour, I am willing to take even that dec-
laration from the Senators on the other side, if
they will give it in good faith. I therefore vote
against this amendment, and shall vote against all
others in order that we may see whether it is in-
tended even to give this declaration.
Mr. CUINGMAN. 1 appreciate the motives
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania; but
I differ with him as to the comparative result to
be effected by this resolution. The proposition
from the House of Representatives, if adopted
by the Senate, would tend to nothing practical.
My friend virtually admits that. At least it
amounts to very little. The only advantage he
sees in it is, that it may tend to pacificate the
country. Now, I maintain that the adoption of
a substantial proposition like that of my frien'd
fromOhio,by the requisite constitutional majority
of the Senate, even though it were never touched
by the House of Representatives, would do far
more to pacificate the country than the adoption
of this resolution, which I would call a mere nul-
lity, which the country neither desiresnor expects.
I will venture to affirm that there is not an intel-
ligent man in the United States that believes it
will be of any practical advantage to have this
proposition adopted; butif a two-thirds majority
of the Senate will come up and vote in the'prop-
osition of my friend before me, [Mr. Pugii,] 1
think it might have a wholesome effect upon the
country, and therefore I shall give my vote for it;
and, indeed, it is not too late for the House of
Representatives, if the requisite majority there be
favorable to it, on Monday, to adopt it; but even
if it is never touched there, we shall make an im-
portant step in the right direction by passing it
here.
Mr. BIGLER. It is proper I should remark
that, in what I said heretofore about voting on
this amendment, I had all the while in view a vote
on the propositions of the Senator from Kentucky
as a separate and distinct proposition. What I
have desired from the beginning js, that the vote
on these three propositions should be distinct—a
vote on the report of the peace conference; a vote
on the proposition of the Senatorfrom Kentucky;
and a vote on the resolutions sent here by the
House of Representatives. I agree with the Sen-
atorfrom North Carolina that the adoption of the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky, by a
two-thirds vote in this body will do more to pacify
the country than the adoption of the resolutions
from the House of Representatives, as amend-
ments, to be submitted to the States for ratification;
and I shall vote cheerfully for his resolutions when
they come up, and I hope they nmy receive that
sanction; for it will bean assurance—a significant
assurance—to the country that there is a disposi-
tion to understand its real condition, and to ap-
preciate the circumstances which surround us.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must be permitted to ex-
press my entire dissent fiom the construction put
upon this proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution by the Senator from Pennsylvania. It
declares that no future amendment shall ever au-
thorize Congress to interfere; it thus makes it
unalterable. If this amendment be adopted, it
will not be in the power of any number of States,
short of a unanimous vote, ever to interfere with
the question of slavery in the States. I will not
argue it, but merely express that opinion.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio brings into com-
petition the question of affecting slavery in the
States by the act of the Inderal Government, and
the question of affecting slavery in the Territories.
Now, if I recollect aright, (but I confess that I
am not very familiar with the platforms, having
very little respect for them,) there was a provis-
ion in the famous Chicago platform protesting,
on the part of the Republican party, that they had
no purpose to interfere with slavery in the States.
I think I am right in that. Then the resolution
of the House ot Representatives, in order to quiet
the apprehensions m the southern States on the
subject of slaveiy, is to make that plank (to use
the language of the day) of the platform a part of
the Constitution, and to do it, again in the spirit
of the Chicago platform, by a refusal to deny to
Congress the right of interference with slavery in
the Territories, but to declare their purpose not
to interfere with it in the States. That is about
the meaning of it; and yet honorable Senators tell
us that that is to give peace and repose to the
country.
Mr. President, there was a practice, I am told,
among the early physicians, of giving to their
patients what they called a placebo, a bread pill,
something that was to quiet tine patient by deluding
him under the belief that he had taken a salutary
medicine, when in fact he had taken apill contain-
ing the crumbs of bread. Sir, this resolution from
the House of Representatives is that placebo. And
we are to go to the southern States, I am to go to
my State of Virginia, if I could reconcile it to my
sense of honor and of right, and say, " You de-
manded a security for your l ights in the common
Territories, and you have been answered by giving
you a plank of the Chicago platform, declaring
that it was not the purpose of Congress to inter-
fere with slavery in the States.
Honorable Senators have told us—the Senator
from Illinois has, very frequently—that if this is
made a part of the Constitution, it will be irre-
pealable, except by the consent of all the States.
By what authority does the Senator say so ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Because there will be a clause
then in the Constitution declaring that no future
amendment shall ever authorize Congress to in-
terfere with the question of slavery in the States.
That being a part of the Constitution, it will be
just as sacred as the clause now in the Constitu-
tion, declaring that no future amendment shall
ever deprive any State of its two Senators in Con-
gress.
Mr. MASON. Just precisely; not more so.
.But, Mr. President, I am not to tell that honora-
ble Senator that the power which makes a Con-
stitution can unmake it. What power makes a
Constitution? Under the present Constitution,
three fourths of the States. Three fourths of the
States can alter the Constitution under the present
compact; and if they find this clause there, which
declares that it shall not be altered, is not that as
much in their power as any other clause? And if
it is not, why is it not? Senators may say there
is good faith in it. There is political faith in it;
there is propriety of law—I mean of moral law—
in it; but there is nothing more. Cannot the
power that made unmake? Does anybody deny
that? No, sir. It is put, I admit, in a very im-
posing form; and if it were adopted, might carry
something more of faith than any other clause in
the Constitution; but as to the question of right,
it will be just as much in the power of three
fourths of the States as any other clause of the
Constitution. There is no magic in it; none what-
ever.
Now, sir, honorable Senators tell us again—
the Senator from Kentucky, I think, for whom I
entertain the mostprofoud and almost filial respect,
and the Senator from Illinois has stated more
than once—that we must take this resolution from
the House or get nothing; becausc,said he, there
is no time to pass anything else; and if we do not
adopt this amendment, which really may give
some assurance to the States, we may lose all,
because there is no time for the House to pass
upon them. Sir, by what authority does he say
that? The House of Representatives, I under-
stand, are to meet at ten o'clock to-morrow. If
there be a purpose on the part of the Represent-
atives of the people m that House to give a secu-
rity to the South, which the South has asked for,
they have ample time. 1 will never venture back
to my State, and say that I was induced to give
you this bread pill from an apprehension that, tf
you did not take that, the State would have no
medicine. I am gratified to find that the honor-
able Senator from Ohio hasbroughtthe substancc
of a security in contact with a skeleton form, and
that this Senate will now pass its judgment upon
these two questions, whether they will give to
the South anything like a security, or whether
they will deny it, and, in competition with this
idle, delusive, extraordinary proposition, that we
are to be satisfied with an assurance that they
are not going to interfere with slavery in the
States.
Mr. President, this Congress has been the whole
session of three months at work upon this sub-
ject. It has been tried by committees in the House;
it has been tried by committees in the Senate; it
has been tried by a special congress, convened at
the invitation of Virginia, which sat for three
weeks in this city. Neither of the committees of
the two Houses could present a form of adjust-
ment. The special congress, convoked here at
the invitation of Virginia, did; and all, all have
