1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42f
land; and in ninety days or six months after, it is
withheld from settlement. I think itshould be the
first duty of the Government to protect the poor
men. It is true, a few might follow the surveyor,
on the land, and get valuable sections or quarter
sections', but with the liberal provisions made in
the bill for the corporators, I think some little
attention should be given to the settlers.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will inquire whether the
Senator from Louisiana can offer his amend-
ment? This is an amendment to an amendment,
is it not?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There has been but one
amendment offered, and this is an amendment to
that amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. Offered as a substitute?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Itis un amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota. It
becomes a substitute, of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana proposes the following amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By way of substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. To carry out my amend-
ment, it will only be nccessary to strike out the
words " passing this act," in the forty-ninth line
of the first section.
The Secretary read the amendment in line
forty-nine of the first section, to strikeout the
words "passing this act," and to insert in lieu
thereof the wo^ds " the application to the Presi-
dent to withhold them from settlement and sale as
hereinafter provided;" so that the clausc will
read:
And when the United States have dirposed of any such
sections, or for any other reason cannot convey title thci e-
to, or when the same shall be condemned by the United
States Rurvcyoi as worthless, and hi* decision be approved
by the Secretary of tlie Interioi; or when the panic shall
be mineral lands, or if the same shall be occupied at the
date of the application to the .President to withhold them
from settlement and sale aa hereinafter provided, the defi-
ciency shall be made up by selections made within six
miles from said load from lands of the United States to
which none of the aforesaid objections apply.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. LANE. There is amendment pending to
the first section of the bill, that was offered by
me some days ago, and ordered to be printed. I
ask to have it considered now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon offers an amendment to the first sec-
tion of the bill; which will be read.
The Secretary read it—to strike out all after the
words "Great Salt Lake," in the eleventh line,
of the first section, to the word " California," in
the thirteenth line, and to insert the following:
To the navigable waters of the Sacramento, in the State
of California; thence, by two diveiging lines, one to the
city of San Francisco, and the other through the valleys of
Rogue river. Umpqua, and Willamette, to Portland, in
Oregon.
So that Ihe section will read:
That to insure the safe, ccrtriln, and speedy transporta-
tion of mails, troops, and public stores from the western
border of what is called our western States, by railroad, to
wit: starting from two points, one on the western border
of the State of Missouri, and the other on the western bor-
der of Iowa, with two converging lines bearing westward
and uniting within two hundred miles ofthe Missouri river,
and thence proceeding by a single trunklinc, by the near-
est and best route, and by the vicinity of Great Salt Lake,
to the navigable waters of the Sacramento, in the State of
California; thence, by two diverging lines, one to the city
of San Francisco, and the other through the valley* of
Itogue river, Umpqua. and Willamette, to Portland, in
Oregon, there be, and' hereby is, granted to William II.
Swift, £cc.
Mr. GW1N. I suggest to the Senator from
Oregon to change his amendment. If adopted, it
would be of great importance to my own State.
1 suggest to him to make his amendment more
perfect, by putting it in this form: to insert,after
the word "California, "in the thirteenth line, the
words:
" Thence branching"—
That is, after it strikes the navigable waters of
the Sacramento river—
"north through the valleys of Sacramento, Rogue river,
Umpqua, and Willamette, to Portland, in Oregon; and for
the construction of this branch,a grant of alternate sections
of land for six miles on oaeh bide of said road is hereby
made, to be selected in odd numbers ttom the nearest un-
occupied and unappropriated agricultural lands."
I suggest to the Senator that it would be better
if he would put his amendment in that form.
.. l ne oecraBar
and, if atnsndei
„ v
Mr. LANE. 1 desire to know how the bill
would read then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secraf£ry
will read the section as it will stand, if attended
in the manner suggested.
The Secretary read, as follows
That to insure the safe, certain, and speedy transporta-
tion ol mails, troops, and public stores Irom the western
border of what is called our western States, by railroad, to
wit: starting from two points, one on the western border
of the State of Missouri, and the other on the western bol-
der of Iowa, with two converging lines bearing westward,
and uniting within two hundred miles of the Missouri river,
and thence pioceeding by a single trunk line, by the near-
est and best route, and by the vicinity of Great Salt Lake,
to the city of San Francisco, or to the navigable waters of
the Sacramento, in the State of California; tnence branch-
ing north through the valleys of the Sacramento, Rogue
river, Umpqua, and Willamette, to Portland, in Oregon;
and for the construction of this branch a grant of alternate
sections of land for bix miles on each side of said road is
hereby made, to be selected in odd numbers from the near-
est unoecupicd and unappropriated agricultural lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon accept this instead of his own
amendment?
Mr. LANE. If I understand it aright, 1 think
I will. My object is to provide for a branch of
this road to extend to Portland, Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands, then, that the question before the
Senate is upon the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California, and accepted by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. LANE. I desire to make an inquiry:
whether, coming in at that place in the bill, that
branch road will be entitled to all the benefits
that any other portion of the road is entitled to,
and the same amount of appropriations?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. Then I accept the amendment in
placc of mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
California, accepted by the Senator from Oregon
in place of his own.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This amendment is carry-
ing out that principle in this bill which is most
objectionable to those that endeavored to have it
amended; it is that part ofthe bill which provides
for the construction of a railroad by this Govern-
ment within the States. I propose to offer, as a
substitute for'that amendment, striking out of the
bill the words, in the eleventh and twelfth lines,
" to the city of San Francisco; or to the naviga-
ble waters of the Sacramento, in the State of Cal-
ifornia;" and inserting, " some point on the east-
ern boundary of California;" the purpose being
to mark, by a vote of the Senate, its sense 111 re-
lation to this principle of appropriating money to
build railroads in the States; because it is obvious
to us all, that if we arc to begin constructing rail-
roads in the States of this Union,each State of the
Union will axle for its fair share of the public treas-
ure towards buildingaroad within its own limits.
Hitherto the action of Congress upon this subject
of building railroads in the States has been con-
fined exclusively to cases where the road runs
through public land, and a portion of that land
was given to the company, or to the State, by the
Government in its capacity of proprietor of the
land—a part given in order to enhance the value
of the rest; but this, I think, is the first direct
attempt to get an appropriation from the public
Treasury of the whole of the United States for
the purpose of building a railroad m a State.
Now, sir, the proposition made is to build so
much of this railroad in the State of California as
intervenes between the city of San Francisco and
the eastern limits of the State. As now amended
by the Senator from Oregon, according to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from California, we are not
only to build a railroad across the State of Cali-
fornia to the city of San Francisco, but we are to
build a line of railroad on the Pacific, up the coast
from California to Oregon, and, of course, after-
wards down the coast; and, in that way,provide
the Pacific coast with a system of railroads at the
expense of the national Treasury. It appears to
me this is too monstrous a proposition to be sup-
ported for an instant. Hitherto all attempts to
make, or to induce the assent of Congress towards
making, this Pacific railroad, have been confined
to that portion of the road which passes through
the public Territories. This is the first time that
any serious attempt has been made to go into the
States and build a railroad by the Federal Gov-
ernment and to appropriate lands and the public
treasure for that purpose.
So far as the grant of land has been concerned,
as in the case of Illinois, the grant was put upon
the express ground, and only passed upon that
ground, that the Government of the United States
being a landed proprietor, having the same right,
underthe Constitution, to dispose advantageously
of its land as any other proprietor would have,
had the right to give away a part of the land, as
a consideration for a road which, bmlt through
the land, would make the remainder belonging to
the Government equivalent in value to the whole
before the improvement was made. But'now the
proposition is, not simply to improve the public
lands of California, by giving a part of them, to
enhance the value of the rest, but to give "money
out of the Federal Treasury, in advance, for the
purpose of building a road, in order that, when
that road is built, it may be used for the purpose
of carrying the mails ana troops. That argument
will apply to every State of this Union. There
is no earthly reason for selecting the State of Cal-
ifornia, more than any other State, for the appro-
priation of Federal funds in building a railroad.
The amendment which 1 offer, marks distinctly
this principle, and I shall ask the vote of the Sen- '
ate upon it by yeas and nays, that we may dis-
cover which of us it is that supposes this General
Government has the power, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to appropriate the Fed-
eral treasure for building railroads within the
States. If it lia^ such a power, it will certainly
be used, and itf&d to an extent that will absorb
every possible source of revenue that the public
Treasury can ever expect to receive. It is a
dangerous power to initiate the exercise of, if we
had it; but! believe gentlemen will search in vain
for any pretext in the Constitution for the exer-
cise of such a power. The Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] who, for a series of years
has done everything he could for the purpose of
having this railroad built, who inaugurated the
system of surveys, who has backed this project
of a Pacific railroad with all his strength and all
his influence, ever held that point sacred: that the
Federal Government had no right to go into the
States and appropriate the Federal treasure for
that purpose. I have, therefore, again to repeat
that I move to strike outall that part of the twelfth
and thirteenth lines which provide for this road
being built to the city of San Francisco; and to
insert instead of them the words, " the eastern
boundary of California." I move that as a sub-
stitute for the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Louisiana, of
course, has observed that, from the beginning,
the building of a Pacific railroad has been advo-
cated as a military work necessary to the military
defense of the country; and this amendment of
the Senator from Oregon is eminently proper in
that respect; because it is absolutely necessary to
the military defense of that portion of the Pacific
coast that the road should approach it. In the
event of a war with any powerful maritime na-
tion at present, the whole Pacific coast would be
cut off. Even if we had this railroad to San Fran-
cisco, in the event of a war—and we have a very
formidable neighbor (Great Britain) in that im-
mediate vicinity—it would be impossible to send
any succor or any defense to that portion of the
Pacific coast that is intended to receive military
protection by this amendment. It is on that
ground that the Senator from Mississippi, a strict
constructionist, has always advocated it; on the
very ground that, in the State of Louisiana, the
Government of the United States might build a
railroad from the Mississippi river to Fort Pike,
and the other forts that are intended to defend the
entrance. That is the object of this amendment.
Tfie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take leave to suggest to the Senate that between
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ore-
gon and the amendment to that proposed by the
Senator from Louisiana, there is a palpable in-
consistency that renders it impossible to enter-
tain the latter proposition as an amendment to
the former. The amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana proposes to strike out a portion of the
original bill not reached oraffected by the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon, and to
insert other words instead. At the same time,
the Chair will remark that the adoption of the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Louisiana would
