1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
been put aside, and we are presented now with
this naked proposition—that Congress shall not
interfere with slavery in the States. And that is
to quiet all apprehension in the South! Well,
sir, if we come to a vote upon it, I shall vote for
it. I shall deem it my duty to do so; because, if
that evil day should ever come when my honored
State of Virginia shall feel herself so humiliated
as to depend for the security of her social institu-
tions upon that amendment, humiliated as she
will then be, I am not the man to deprive her of
that little. But when I go back, I shall tell them
exactly what I say now: the two Houses delib-
erated for three months upon an amendment to
the Constitution; the special congress convoked
here at your invitation deliberated for three weeks
upon an amendment to the Constitution; and at
last, and in the expiring hour of Congress, you
have been offered this as a security, 1 will tell
them this, also: that it has resulted from the re-
fusal on the part of the non-slaveholding States
to give you anything. It was in the hands of
loyal, patriotic, and honorable men. They tried
their best, both in Congress and out of it; and
they were unable to agree to give you anything
more than this wretched bread pill which they
propose to give us now. Without any predic-
tion, I undertake to saythis to every one of those
States yet remaining in this Union which have
this condition of African slavery among them: if
you rely upon this security, you must of neces-
sity abandon the institutions of your forefathers;
you must abandon your form of society, and cast
your lot among strangers, for it will give you none.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, ridicule is
sometimes a very good substitute for argument.
The Senator from Virginia tries to bring this pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution into disre-
pute by comparing it to a bread pill, which he
says the ancient doctors used sometimes to ad-
minister. I am not a physician, but I am under
the impression that the best doctors now living
also administer bread pills in certain cases with
great good and effect. When there is a disease
of the mind which the patient imagines to be a
physical malady, but which is imaginary only,
the physician administers bread pills. It does no
harm, and the patient having confidence in it, it
restores him to health, to vigor, and to strength.
A bread pill in such cases is the best medicine
possible. If it be true, as the Senator gives us to
understand, that the institution of slavery m the
States is in no danger, that all apprehension upon
that subject in the sluvuholding States is imagin-
ary, it siiows precisely that case of disease in the
body-politic, for which bread pills are given to the
physical system. [Laughter.] There is a want
of confidence in the southern States in respect to
the good faith of the North concerning the insti-
tution of slavery. How often have I heard it
from one to the other of the southern States de-
clared that it was the fixed purpose of the North,
so soon as they obtained a majority of tluce-
fourths, to change the Constitution so that we
would have authority to abolish slavery in the
States by an act of Congress! Sir, I have heard
it in these Halls, as well as upon the stump. I
have heard the argument by secessionists and dis-
unionists in both Houses of Congress, 1 have
heard them point to the fact that the North was
growing so rapidly that m a very few years the
northern States would have three fourths, and
hence might amend the Constitution, and would
amend it, so as to abolish slavery in the States.
I supposed that those who used the argument
believed it; and it was because it was supposed
that those who used it weie sinceie in it, they had
told their people so and nwde them believe it, and
produced this state of insecurity in the mind of
the southern people, that produced the necessity
of giving this guarantee, that come what may, in
all future time, no amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States shall ever be made which
will authorize Congress to interfere with the ques-
tion of slavery in the States.
But the Senator says that that can be repealed.
I answer that that provision of the Constitution
will be irrepealable; and why? Because, when it
is adopted it becomes a part of the instrument,
and controls that other portion of the Constitu-
tion which authorizes amendments in certain cases,
and prohibits them making amendments in certain
other cases. As the Constitution now stands, it
can be amended in the two modes prescribed in
the instrument in all respects except as to the Sen-
ators; but there is no power on earth, according
to the Constitution, that c#n amend it so as to
deprive any State of its two Senators. Insert this
clause, and it will control and restrain the pro-
vision in regard to amendments,so that the Con-
gress, by a two-thirds vote, can propose to the
States an amendment that would authorize Con-
gress to interfere with the question of slavery.
Nor can the States, convened in convention, have
any such authority. Hence, adopt this clause,
and it is unalterable; no power on earth can ever
cha'nge it; and no man will ever be permitted
hereafter to use the argument that the northern
people intend, when they get a majority of three
fourths, so to amend the Constitution as to inter-
fere with the question of slavery in the States.
But, we are told by the Senator, it is a bread
pill; it will do no good. Sir, I will ask if there is
not another virtue in it. How often have we been
told this very session that the South do not com-
plain so much of what the North has done; but
their complaint is, that there is such a state of
feeling at the North as shows hostility to your
institutions, and a determination to interfere with
them, and you object to that feeling, and you say
the action of the North is the evidence of the feel-
ing? I think I have heard the Senator from Vir-
ginia use that argument with great force in his
seat this session. Now, sir, if the northern States
will by a three fourths majority come forward
and insert this clause in the Constitution, it proves
conclusively that there is no such sentiment at
the North as you apprehend. You can have no
more conclusive evidence that there is no such
disposition to interfere with your constitutional
rights than the act of the people of the northern
States, by a three-fourths majority, incorporating
a provision into the Constitution unalterable m
all future time, by which they are prohibited from
ever interfering with the question in the States. I
should suppose that the ratification of such a pro-
vision by such an overwhelming majority would
convince you that the northern people were yet
your brethren; that the northern people were pre-
pared to greet you; and when we voluntarily come
forward and tie our hands in a manner that makes
it impossible for us to do you an injustice, is not
that evidence that we do not intend in all time to
come to do that you apprehend?
But, the Senator tells us, it is affirming a clause
in the Chicago platform. Thatis very ingenious;
more so, I tlunk, than candid. I tell him there is
not a word of truth in it—I do not use the word,
as he understands, in any offensive sense—and I
will show you the difference. The Chicago plat-
form asserts that it is not the purpose of the Re-
publican party to interfere with the question of
slavery in the States. They are speaking of the
present Constitution.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] points to
the clock. I can only remind him that it is not
the Sabbath day any longer; and if it was, I
should have noconscientious scruples about mak-
ing a speech in defense of the Constitution and the
Union, even on the bestof days. The holier the
day the more appropriate to such a work.
But I promised to show the Senator from Vir-
ginia the difference between this proposition and
that of the Chicago platform. Under the Chicago
platform the Republican party stands pledged not
to attempt to interfere with the question of sla-
very in the States, referring to the Constitution as
it now stands; but they have not pledged them-
selves in that platform never to make any amend-
ment, by which Congress shall hereafter be em-
powered to do it. There is no pledge in the Chi-
cago platform that the Constitution shall never be
so amended as to authorize Congress to do what
they now admit they have no power to do. The
difference is this: I apprehend every Senator on
that side of the Chamber admits that, under the
Constitution as it now stands, Congress has no
power to interfere with the question of slavery in
the States; and yet five Senators, on the yeas and
nays yesterday, voted against a provision declar-
ing that the Constitution should not be so amended
as to give such a power. They admit that the
power does not now exist; they do notintend to
exercise that power, so long as the Constitution
remains unchanged; but they will not pledge
themselves that they will not, in the future, so
amend it as to give them the power. Here is the
provision to give that pledge.
But the Senator from Virginia says that when
the Old Dominion shall become so humiliated that
she is compelled to claim her rights under this
provision of the Constitution, she will be in a
truly lamentable condition.
Mr. MASON. For the security of her social
condition, not of her rights.
Mr. DOUGLAS. For her social condition un-
der that amendment of the Constitution. Sir, what
has been the complaint? It has been that their
constitutional rights were invaded. Then they
have asked for guarantees against further inva-
sion. What were the guarantees ? Constitutional
amendments. Virginia herself has asked for con-
stitutional amendments, and this proposes to give
her a constitutional amendment. When this is
adopted, it will be a part of the instrument; and
does the Senator tell us that the Constitution itself
is no guarantee? Does he mean to say that Vir-
ginia will be humiliated by claiming rights under
the Constitution of the country? 1 thought that
was the foundation of their whole claim. Their
right to have fugitive slaves restored rests upon
a constitutional provision. Their right to be pro-
tected against invasion rests on a constitutional
provision. Their right to representation in this
Chamber rests on a constitutional provision. The
Senator would not have the privilege of making a
speech here to-night against this amendment but
for a constitutional provision. This provision
will be as secure as the one that sent him here.
Mr. MASON. I spoke for the amendment, not
against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ah! I understand that kind
of speaking for the amendment. If the amend-
ment has many such friends, it will never become
a part of the Constitution. Here is the proposi-
tion introduced by the Senator from Kentucky
brought in antagonism with this, much to the
gratification of the Senator from Virginia. He
knows how anxious he was to get them fh antag-
onism. He did not want to vote directly against
this proposition, and defeat it by his own vote; but
to get another proposition in antagonism with it,
and vote it on; and that kills the original provis-
ion without passing his amendment.
Mr. MASON. It takes its place; is substituted
for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Exactly; with a certain
knowledge that that kills it. We have assured
him that the moment this joint resolution is passed,
we will take up the proposition of the peace con-
ference that he speaks of, and get a vote on it; and
then take up the Crittenden compromise, and get
a vote on it; and the Senator could have had a
vote on the very proposition that he desired, by
this time, but for this amendment being thrown
in, with the only effect, if not the design, of de-
feating the original proposition, and the amend-
ment too. I suppose every Senator understands
precisely what this opposition means. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas has been frank enough to
avow, in very-distinct terms, his purpose. With
that frankness and directness which is character-
istic of him, he has given us to understand that
he does not wish the hordcr States to be satisfied
with this provision, because it keeps the slave
States separated; in other words,preventsaunity
of the slave States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Which would
allure and be a delusion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Call it by what term he
pleases. It seems my friend from Arkansas is
afraid that, if this provision does become a part
of the Constitution, his people will be allured and
deluded. Sir, has he not confidence enough in his
people to believe that they will understand whether
there is any virtue in this amendment or not? Al-
though the Senator himself may not think it has
any virtue, if his own people should so construe
it, would he not give them an opportunity of
availing themselves of what they will deem so
great a security that they would stay in the
Union ? Are you afraid of alluring and deluding
the people of the States by this provision? Sir,
if it be a snare, I think the people of Virginia will
be as well able to discover it as their Senator.
Then why not allow them to vote on itk? Why
not concur in it, instead of attempting to defeatit
by indirection, with these amendments ?
Sir, I think there is great virtue and great se-
curity in this amendment. It is not all that I
think we ought to do; but, because we cannot do
all that the exigencies of the times require, shall
