1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
420
asserting that he has often heard discussions in the
Senate of the United States in relation to the dis-
tinction in the power of Congress between the
States and Territories, and says he has never been
able to find any one that would point out where
the distinction was. Now, one thing, sir, is very
certain, that the Senator himself constantly votes
for the exercise of power and for an appropria-
tion of funds in the Territories, which ho would
be the last to vote for in the States. That Sena-
tor would never vote to pay the Governor of a
State his salary out of the Federal Treasury.
That Senator would never vote here to appropri-
ate the Federal funds for the Legislatures of the
States; and there are a thousand other appropri-
ations of that sort, showing that there must be
somewhere a power in Congress over the Terri-
tories that does not reside in Congress as applied
to the States.
It appears to me, sir, that the distinction be-
tween the power of Congress in the States and in
the Territories is so broad and marked, that I am
quite surprised to hear the Senator say he is un-
able to distinguish it, and has never heard any-
body make any explanation in relation to it. The
States have, on the theory of the Constitution, all
powers of sovereignty not expressly delegated to
the Federal Government. The Senator assents
to thnt, but he further says that the Congress of
the United States have none butdelegated powers,
and can exercise none but those delegated powers,
whether in the States or in the Territories. Well,
sir, that depends upon whether the Constitution
has made a distinction in this delegation. So far
as the States are concerned, the Constitution has
made that distinction. The Constitution, in ex-
press terms, provides that the States retain all
powers not by them expressly delegated to the
Federal Government, but there is a distinction be-
tween that delegation of power between the States
and the District of Columbia, very certainly, for
the Constitution, at the same time that it delegates
certain powers to Congress in the States, delegates
to Congresafar more extensive powers in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It grants it powers of exclus-
ive legislation in this District.
Now, sir, in all the discussions which have
hitherto taken place as to the power of Congress
in the Territories, the sole question was whether
■Congress had power to legislate for the Territo-
ries. Upon that subject Congress has certainly
assumed power; and the Senator himself, upon
repeated occasions, and for a series of years, has
brought in bills here by which not only has the
Congress of the United States assumed power over
the Territories, but has assumed parental power
over them, giving them a government, organizing
them, providing how they are to biyoverned.
giving them Legislatures and Governors; and in
former times this Government gave them legisla-
tive councils—another means of government—for
their legislation. Surely all these powers do not
exist in the States. The power of the United
States over the Territories is subject to none of
the restrictions which the Constitution makes m
relation to its power over the States. From the
very nature of our Government, there are certain
provisions which would strike every one at once
as inconsistent with its true principles, as applied
to the Territories. Although there is no special
statement in the Constitution in relation to the
exercise of power in the Territories, nobody sup-
poses that Congress would have power to create
titles of nobility in the Territories; but in relation
to the government to be exercised in the Territo-
ries, there is no other source of power but the
Congress. In the States the government is car-
ried on upon all subjects not expressly by them
delegated to the General Government, by their
own"State Legislatures; by the powers vested in
the people of the States themselves. But, sir, if
we are to believe the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the constant and
uninterrupted practice of this Government from
its foundations, the Congress of the United States
has powers in the Territories far exceeding, on all
subjects, those that it can possibly exercise in the
States.
I think that at the present time it would per-
haps not be very wise or very judicious to go
into this discussion at length; but I desire to go
back to the precise point before the Senate in the
bill, and that is m relation to the exercise of the
power now disputed, in the State of California;
and first let me say to my friends from California
that I think they are running uselessly a very great
risk in relation to this bill by insisting on a grant of
money by the Congress of the United States for
the building of the road within that State. At
one time it is very probable that it would have
been impossible to make the connection between
the western limits of this road, if it stopped at the
eastern boundary of California and the city of
San Francisco; that the means would not have
been adequate; but the events of the last eighteen
months have satisfied me that the people of Cali-
fornia now possess the amplest means for making
the connection. Some eighteen months ago, per-
haps a little longer—I cannot state the precise
time—just outside of the eastern boundaries of
the State of California, and within the Territory
of Utah, a range of mineral deposits was discov-
ered in the mountains of the Sierra Nevada, prob-
ably the richest on the face of the earth. I heard
such fabulous stories of the richness of that min-
eral district, that I took special pains to visit it
when in California. In forty-four hours from the
time that I left the city of Sail Francisco I was in
the plains of Utah. In the space of some six
months the people, in consequence of the dis-
covery of those silver mines, had settled along
the entire road; and from the point where the
steamboat landed me, upon the Sacramento river,
to the Washoe mines, there was scarcely a mile
upon which there was not a settlement of inhab-
itants. Two ranges ofmountains had been crossed;
the people had thrown themselves by voluntary
association into companies, and every twenty or
thirty miles they had built graded roads across
the mountains; the passenger was required to pay
a quarter or half a dollar for driving his horse
across; and so, from the point where I loft the
Sacramento river, to the Washoe mines, I found
one continuous graded road, over which I drove
in a buggy with a pair of horses, and made the
entire distance in forty-four hours from San Fran-
cisco to the Washoe mines; the only difficulty in
the travel being, that from end to end the road
was so covered with teams bringing back ore and
carrying up provisions, that we were sometimes
detained hours at a time to get by them.
I saw a statement a day or two ago in one of
the New York papers, showing that probably
there was no investment on the face of the earth
that would be a more paying investment at this
moment than a very short road crossing the
Sierra Nevada, on- grades since discovered and
perfectly practicable, for the purpose of connect-
ing the trade between the Washoe silver mining
district and the city of San Francisco. Why,
sir, I went up there into those mountains after
crossing two ranges of the Sierra; I saw spots
where,in the month ofMay—I was informed by
credible witnesses, United States officers—there
were but a few canvas tents, and 1 found co!5
lected at the mines a population of nearly ten
thousand people; I found three-story brick and
stone houses; 1 found a very large number of
comfortable frame houses; and the whole district
around was crowded, and daily being more
crowded by the influx of a population all attracted
by these immense mineral deposits. We have
the news by every mail of the carrying down to
San Francisco of silver ores from that region
worth two or three thousand dollars a ton. There
is a trade, a commerce, a population, and an im-
provement there that secures to the State of Cal-
ifornia the means of building that road within its
own limits, without calling on Congress for the
exercise of a disputed power.
I therefore say to my friends fiom California,
that if they wish forever the defeat of this bill,
they have only to insist on keeping in the bill a
provision that Congress shall spend money in the
State to build the road. Let Congress make the
road across the public Territories; let it exercise
its governmental powers across the Territories,
where none dispute those powers, and let the
States that desire to connect with this great pub-
lic enterprise connect with their own means, and
not ask Congress to make appropriations.
In relation to what the Senator from Illinois
has said about theproposition as regards Kansas,
T did not intend, in making the remarks which I
made in response to the Senator from Missouri,
to suggest that I was willing to put in this bill a
provision that the benefits of this Federal sub-
scription should cease as fast as the Territories
became States. I suppose that; if we exercise
the powers over the Territories now vested in us'
fairly, the act of Congress would not become re- *
pealed by the organization of a Territory into a
State. But I shall certainly insist upon striking
out every provision in this bill that has reference
to the road being built by Federal funds, not only
within the State of California, but within the
State of Texas. I am perfectly willing, when this
bill shall have been so guarded as to prevent its
being turned into a job—being made a specula-
tion to be sold in "Vv ;ii! street for'a few men to
make money out of it; when the bill shall have
been so guarded as to insure us the early comple-
tion of a railroad across the Territories which
intervene between the Pacific and Atlantic States
—to go for it, as that seems to be the will of the
American people; but I shall never cease oppos-
ing the passage of any bill which carries the Fed-
eral funds into the States for building railroads
in them. I believe no more corrupt source for
destroying the morals of the people could be
opened; nothing that would do more damage to
this country, than a commencement, by Congress,
of appropriating the funds of the United States to
the building of railroads within the States.
Talk of the military power, sir! Is it any more
a military power to build a railroad in the State
of California, or in any State, because it might be
useful in time of war, than it would be to do a
thousand other things which everybody would at
once admit to be unconstitutional? Suppose we
were to say—and 1 have very little doubt that
such would be the case—that if you would put
ten thousand good fighting men into the State of
Oregon, and twenty thousand into the State of
California, they would be an excellent protection
in time of war for those States: yet, sir, as there
is no war now, I presume very few would be will-
ing to vote the funds of the General Government
to pay men a premium to go there and settle for
the purpose of defending those States in case war
should break out. And, so far as the States are
concerned, I can see as little power in Congress
to build in advance railroads which are intended
for passenger and commercial purposes, u nder the
military power, simply upon the suggestion that
they would be useful if war broke out. I do not
put the right of making a road through the Ter-
ritories exclusively upon the military power. It
is a fair exercise of the military power within the
Territories. I put the power of the General Gov-
ernment to make the road in the Territories, on
the ground that Congress has the right to govern
the Territories; that it must govern them as the
Legislatures govern States, always with due sub-
ordination to such principles of the Constitution
as would prohibit the cxcrcise of the power
unequally as regards the rights of the different
States. ♦
I desire, sir, not to detain the Senate on this
subject; it has been very fully debated before; and
I was only tempted into what I have said by the
remarks of the Senator from Illinois, in relation
to the distinction between the powers of this Gov-
ernment in the States and in the Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I feel called
upon to say a few words in reply to so much of
the argument of the Senator from Louisiana as
impeaches my position. I do not acknowledge
that it is a very conclusive argument on a question
involving constitutional power, to show that I or
somebody else has exercised some power which
now it may be thought ought not to be exercised.
That-is an argument ad hominem, rather than one
involving the real question. But, sir, the instances
that the Senator has taken to show inconsistency
on my part as an argument in favor of the exist-
ence of the power in the Territories alone, are
those in which there is a specific grant. He and
I agree that Congress has no powers except those
delegated in the Constitution. Among the powers
delegated is that to admit new States. The Su-
preme Court in the Dred Scott case has determ-
ined that we acquire territory for the purpose of
its being made into States under the power to ad-
mit new States; that we govern it under the same
clause under which we acquire it; but that con-
fers the authority to go only so far as is'necessary
to the admission of new States; that is, to insti-
tute new governments in the Territories there ac-
quired until they become States. Under that clause,
it is true, I have reported bills to pay members of
the Territorial Legislature, to pay the salaries of
