1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
it therefore follow that we shall do nothing? Sir,
if you will pass this, and let us ratify it, the ac-
tion of the people in adopting this amendment
will furnish such evidence of popular sentiment
as will enable the next Congress to adopt further
measures of amendment,and thus give entire and
ample security. I am afraid some of our friends,
who think it would be a little better to get out of
the Union than stay here, are opposing this very
amendment for fear that it will pacify the people,
by showing them that the North is determined to do
them justice, and that all we want is time. Hence
they must defeat it for f<?ar they will get all the
guarantees they ask for. Sir, it is useless^fc- any
Senator to pretend to be for this proposition that
goes for an amendment. We know it is impos-
sible—
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will my friend allow
me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. All who have presented
propositions—the propositions of the peace con-
feience, and all others—have thought this provis-
ion important enough to form a part of their bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Kentucky for reminding me of
the fact. This provision has been deemed so im-
portant that it was incorporated in his original
proposition.
Mr. PUGH, But his provisions were irrepeal-
able.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And this is irrepealable. I
do not choose to go over that again. This prop-
osition was in that of the Senator from Kentucky,
in those that I introduced, and, I believe,in nearly
every one thathas been introduced. I remember
the record shows that, in the committee of thir-
teen, when we voted on the propositions of the
Senator from Kentucky in sections, the Republi-
lican members of thai committee at first voted
against this one unanimously. They stated then,
not that they were opposed to such a piovision,
but they would vote against it because it was part
of a series; butthe next day they came forward
and offered this one, and it received their votes,
the vote of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] and, 1 think, of every southern Senator,
(or all but one,) certainly, on the yeas and nays
being called It was deemed an essential provision.
Now, the simple question is, whether it will not
do good to pass it? Is there a friend of the Union
in any siaveholding State who would not rejoice
in the knowledge thatthree fourths of the people
of the northern States had declared, through their
representatives, that they would never interfere
with the question of slavery in those States? They
would have that pledge in the Constitution of the
country, so that every man that ever becomes a
Senator, or a Representative, will take an oath to
abide by it; so tnatevery man who holds office in
any State of this Union, either under the State
or Federal Governments, shall be bound by his
oath to maintain this provision inviolate. Will
not that give an assurance to the people of the
South that there is no deliberate purpose on the
part of the North in reference to their constitu-
tional rights? I confess that I have had my ap-
prehensions that it was the purpose of a portion
of the Republican party in the future to attack
the question of slavery in the States. Adopt this
provision, and I shall never have any such appre-
hension. I believe, therefore, there is great virtue
in it. 1 believe it will pacify the siaveholding
States, not as a lure, not as a snaie, but because
it furnishes a substantial guarantee that the peo-
ple of the northern States in tend, in all future time,
to observe the great right of each State to have
slavery as long as it chooses, and to abolish it
when it pleases.
Mr. MASON. I am certainly somewhat in-
debted to the honorable Senator from Illinois for
the frank statement which he made m the com-
mencement of his remarks, that this amendment
from the House of Representatives was, in fact,
a bread pill. I understood him to say so dis-
tinctly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said provided he meant
thit a bread pill was the best possible pill to effect
the cure, which that alone could cure.
Mr. MASON. Rut the honorable Senator went
a little further. Unlike the astute physician, that I
knows to what sort of patient to administer the
bread pill, he has let the patient know what it was.
He has told us, in distinct teims, that " this is ari
idle apprehension on the part of the South, and
we will give a bread pill to the patient, and it will
cure him." He has fold us what was the nature
of the remedy, and I thank him for it.
Now, sir, I am not going to enter with that
Senator into a scramble for small advantages in
debate, a sort of polemics that I am not familiar
with and am not equal to. If the Senator ascribes
to me the declaration, as my declaration, that Vir-
ginia does not rely upon the Constitution for the
security of her rights, let him have the benefit of
the statement of his own position; I will not con-
test it. I said this, sir: that if Virginia could rely
upon this bread pill, so admitted to be, this placebo
to a deluded patient, as her security for her social
condition, she might take leave of her slaves and
cast her lot among strangers, for it would give
her none.
But, sir, the most remarkable fact in the whole
matter is, that when that State hos presented her
principal grievance as the great territorial contro-
versy, looking to her expansion in a future day;
when she has presented that by the act of her legis-
lative body as the great grievance under which
she labors, in common with the slave States, she
is to be put aside by a perfect silence on that
point; nay, more, sir, by the emphatic denial, as I
apprehend the vote about to be taken will record,
of any relief from that grievance, it is to be
said, well, we will give you this security: that
they shall.not interfere with slavery in the States;
but we leave the territorial question at the dispo-
sition of Congiess. Thatis about it.
The honorable Senator has said, however, that
if we will only vote for this proposed amendment
from the House of Representatives, and not sub-
stitute a competing proposition, he will at once
come forward, after it is disposed of, and take up
this proposition in relation to the Territories.
What does that amount to? That honorable Sen-
ator is certainly a very potent man; but he can-
not wield the vote of this Senate, nor can I. He
can vote for it; but he can do no more. Sir, if we
are to have anything, it is contained in the Crit-
tenden proposition-, and I should feel myself dere-
lict in duty if I did not return thanks to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio who has offered it, that
when we do take a vote of the Senate upon the
question of amending the Constitution on this
slavery question we may direct it where the great
grievance is—to the Territories, and not be put
aside by this placebo.
The honorable Senator has said, and with great
truth, that the people of my State are as little
likely to be deluded by this placebo as I am—far
less likely. I do notknow, and J will notunder-
take to predict what will be the action of that
great and powerful State; but I will undertake to
say this: that be her action what it may, it will
not be influenced one hair's breadth by the passage
of this joint resolution. Why, sir, is it possible
at this age, at this epoch, that any political com-
munity competent to act as such, and of being re-
ceived as such, upon a question vitally affecting
their safety, their integrity, and their social fabric,
could be deluded by a proposition to insure them
against a grievance which i<? utterly disclaimed on
the part of those who have the power to inflict the
grievance, and to refuse them any other redress
or any other security? I assure the Senator they
are not to be deluded in that way.
I do not desire, Mr. President, to protract the
debate at this late period of the session. I desire
nothing more than to bring prominently before
the country the fact that, after three months' in-
cubation, upon a demand for security, they have
tendered us nothing but this delusive amendment
to the Constitution.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I should not have
risen again, but it seems to me that I cannot re-
main silent under the imputation of the Senator
from Illinois. In several different forms, as I un-
derstood him, he suggested that this amendment
had been offered for the purpose of preventing a
vote of the Senate upon the House proposition;
and, if I am not greatly mistaken, that it had been
done by some preconcert between the Senator
from Virginia and myself. Now, sir, at the mo-
ment when I rose last evening to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays upon my first amendment,
not a human being knew what my purpose was:
and when I turned to ask some Senator near me
for a copy of the Crittenden amendment—1 believe
it was the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Bragg]—it was the fact that I asked for it that
conveyed the first intimation of my design to offer
it. 1 doubt if the Senator from "Virginia knew
that I intended to offer it at the time.
Mr. MASON. So far from it, after the Senator
had offered it I did not hear what he had offered,
and I rose for the purpose of offering the same
thing, and was told he had just submitted it.
Certainly, we had no conference.
Mr. PUGH. Nor did any person whom the
Senator from Illinois could term a secessionist or
a disunionist have any connection with it in any
shape or form.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will correct the Senator
from Ohio. I did not say there was concert in it.
I did say the Senator from Virginia, I presumed,
was very much rejoiced that there was an antag-
onizing proposition; and I will now frankly state
to the Senator why I thought so. 1 saw the Sen-
atorfrom Virginia come down to the Senatorfrom
Ohio and, in so loud a tone that I could not help
hearing it, say, " yes; that is right; we must have
an antagonizing proposition."
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I did not hear the Sen-
ator from Virginia say that.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me a moment?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. I dare say I said so. I have no
recollection of it; but I dare say I said so; and
the country is indebted to the Senator from Illi-
nois for picking up scraps of conversation and
obtruding them in debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg pardon. He said it so
loud I could not help hearing it. I suppose it was
heard by all around me, that we must have an an-
tagonistic proposition; but I did not bring it out
until the Senator from Ohio, misunderstanding
me, drew the idea that I had charged that there
was concerted action about it. All I said was,
that the Senator from Virginia was rejoiced to have
an antagonizing proposition, which he assented
to. Hence, the only fact I now bring out, is the
identical fact that he had stated in open debate.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from Ohio
indulge me one moment?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to question the
statement of the Senator at all; but stiil I doubt
very much whether I said so. I do not mean to
question what the Senator has said, honestly and
honorably. It is a very difficult thing to catch
scraps of conversation, and apply the appropriate
meaning. I will tell you what I said, if l said
what a thought. I said that we should bring,as
an antagonist to this proposition, the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky—that which my
State had sent and accepted. I presume 1 said
that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is precisely the idea
that I intended to convey.
Mr. PUGH. I believe 1 have the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; but the Senator
from Virginia has made a point in regard to this.
He accuses me of bringing out scraps of conver-
sation. If I approach a Senator, and speak out
so that Senators all around must hear me, I do
not consider that a conversation, nor scraps of
conversation. Even those remaiks get into the
reports when these suggestions are being made.
Besides: when 1 have alluded to this, I merely said
I presumed the Senator was pleased. He said
yes; and avowed it in open debate; but now he
complains of my bringing it before the Senate. I
did understand it just as he now does, which was
this: that this proposition must be met by a coun-
ter proposition; while it would not do to kill it
direct, you must have the Crittenden proposition
to kill it.
Mr. MASON. I trust the Senator from Ohio
will pardon me for an instant. I protest against
the Senator's applying motives that might actuate
him, to me. Let myacts speak. As to picking
up scraps of conversation, I say nothing more
than de gustibus non est.
Mr. DOUGLAS. lean only say that that term
has been repeated too often, when 1 have known
it was not true.
Mr. MASON. What term?
Mr. DOUGLAS. About scraps of private con-
versation. I repeated what he said in open Sen-
ate, and 1 drew the proper inference from it; and
I do not permit it to be intimated that I have acted
