1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
unsenatorially in stating that which the Senator
had himself stated 111 open debate.
Mr. MASON. Why, Mr. President, I did not
attempt to make issue \yith the Senator in any
way in the world. I said I did not remember
what I had said, and I did not mean to question
the Senator's reportolithe fact; but! presume that
I said what I felt: that it was to me a matter of
great moment to bring; this amendmentof thchon-
orable SenatorfromKcntucky in competition with
the joint resolution of the House; and I understood
the Senator to say that that, he presumed, was
my purpose. The Senator does me injustice, if
he supposes 1 mean to question his perfect right,
if he thinks proper, to report conversations that
pass here, in debate. I say, in relation to that,
dc gustibus.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
the Senator, I think that I witnessed what oc-
curred with reference to the Senator from Virginia
and this proposition. The Senator from Ohio
moved the proposition. I turned round to the
Senator from Virginia, and his inquiry was, what
was the pending- proposition? I stated to him
that the Senator from Ohio had moved this amend-
ment. He said: "That is the very proposition
I was going to offer." I looked at him, and he
had the printed proposition in his hand at that
time. I mentioned it to him; and of course he
could not have known that the Senator from Ohio
intended to move it, for I gave him the informa-
tion. What occurred afterwards I do not know.
He may have spoken to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. I will not say, after the state-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, that the Sena-
tor from Virginia did notaddress me,and address
mc in the words that have been stated; but I de-
clare that I have no recollection of the Senator
speaking to me—not the slightest. ] sat here,
having asked the consent of the Senate to with-
draw the demand for the yeas and nays, which
would enable mc to withdraw my own amendment
at once. I looked upon the table for a copy of
the Crittenden proposition, which I supposed was
near me, and not nnding it, I asked a Senator to
get me a copy; and in that way I presume it was
understood that I would offer it as soon as I could
get the iloor. I offered it with no such purpose;
but the Senator fr<yn Illinois himself is the per-
son who induced me first to offer it. When this
proposition from the House of Representatives
was fiistread,! objected that it was expressed in
bad English, and that we ought at least to have
respect enough for the Constitution of the United
States not to defile its pure language with such a
piece as that,and I moved to render it into at least
tolerable English. I could think of no objection
on the face of the earth to that proposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to inquire •
Mr. PUGH. Permit mc to finish my state-
ment, and then the Senator can reply to mc if he
thinks proper.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want to know if the Sen-
ator says that 1 advised him to offer the Crittenden
amendment as a substitute?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I say he was the cause,
the instrument,of my offering it,if you will allow
me to make the statement. I could imagine no
objection whatever, if we were about to amend
the Constitution of our fathers, that we might at
least speak in the language of our fathers, and not
have this barbarous sentence interpolated into the
instrument,o\ ery woid of which, as it now stands,
•all have agreed has a peculiar and fixed significa-
tion. What objection was made to my first prop-
osition ? It came from the Senator from Illinois.
Tie rose and told us that if this went back to the
House of Representatives for any reason, they
never would concur in it again. I expressed my
astonishment at that suggestion, that the House
of Representatives having sent us a proposition,
would turn around and reject it merely because
it was expressed m proper language. The Sen-
ator went on to explain that it could not com-
mand the same vote again.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; I did not make that
remark then.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator to say
so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I never did, until about an
hour ago.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator to say
so "last night. That was the impression I got from
his woids; and that my impression was correct
at the time, will be remembered by the answer
which I made him. Isaid, that no Senator of any
party, that I had heard, hatUever professed to be-
lieve that Congress now had the power to abolish
slavery within theStates; that,therefore,the only
effectof that proposition, standing by itself, would
be precisely what the Senator has said of it to-
night, a pledge of good faith from aSi the repre-
sentatives of the northern States tendered to the
South; but if those who voted for it in the House
of Representatives would not vote for it again,
then it had no significance as a pledge, it was no
act of good faith; and it was dishonest in us to
pretend to offer it to the South as of any validity
whatever. That was the answer I rtiade; and that
shows thatl derived my impression from the Sen-
ator from Illinois himself, that that very proposi-
tion could not again pass the House of Represent-
atives. Ifso,whatistheuseofit> Itgavenothing;
it secured nothing; and if the men who voted for
it before, voted for it as mere declarations, how
idle for us to pretend we are giving the South even
a pledge of good faith! and upon that statement of
the Senator, which I took to be made upon some
advice; I do not know how he had came by it; I
do not think I asked him; I do not care to ask him
now 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stated to the Senator a little
while ago, when I urged him to withdraw it.
Mr. PUGH. I am not referring to that; but I
am referring to your speech lostnight.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When it first came in, and
the Senator made objection to the grammar, I
thought it was good grammar, and the objection
not well taken; and I urged him not to offer the
amendment, for the reason that if he did, it would
have to go back to the House, and it could not
pass there, for the reason thatthe House had ad-
journed over until ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing; that there would be but two hours left, and
it could not be reached in those two hours; and,
besides, there would be filibustering by those
opposed to it that would run out the time, and it
would be impossible to act upon it satisfactorily.
About an hour ago I again urged him to withdraw
this proposition, and lie said he did not believe
the House would pass a thing, and again reject
it. I said to him, it never could get the same vote
again, because there would be filibustering, and
many members would have gone home, and it
would be impossible to get the same vote again;
and for that reason, that we would not get the
same vote. If we could have a full House, and
get a hearing, I believe it would get as big a vote
the second time as it did the first.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I did not refer to
any conversation between the Senator and my-
self. I shall not do that in any shape or form;
but I tell him again, that the impression which I
derived from his speech last night was 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I undeistood him to lefer
to those conversations.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir. I am speaking of mat-
ters that transpired last night. The Senator's re-
marks last night conveyed to my mind the im-
pression that certain gentlemen in the House of
Representatives had voted for that proposition
who never would vote for it again; and it was that
impression, to which I referred at the time, that
induced me to seek to withdraw my first propo-
sition, and to get a recorded vote of the Senate
upon the Crittenden resolution. As for the idea
that thy House of Representatives, if they aie in
earnest, cannot concur in an arr.eiul.ment to the
resolution, and especially a grammatical amend-
ment, why, sir, there are two long hours of their
session on Monday, and this being a resolution
returned from the Senate, it is in order at once. It
needs no three readings. Being armed with the
previous question, there would be 110 difficultyof
a concurrence in the House m live minutes. But
it was the impression which I derived from the
Senator last night, which convinced me that the
time was now comingfor those Senators who be-
lieve in the proposition of my honorable friend
from Kentucky to make the last stand for it, and
I did it on my responsibility alone. I consulted
no one. I offered it, and I shall stand by it.
But the Senator says, to-night, deprecatingly,
we have promised, after this is through, to take
up the Crittenden propositions, and the peace con-
ference propositions, and give you a vote 011 all
of them. Well, sir, I offered my amendment last
night long before we had any such promise, and
it is not in my power now to withdraw it, except
with the unanimous consent of the Senate, under
the rule. If 1 were to attempt it now, any Sen-
ator could prevent me from doing it, because the
yeas and nays were demanded upon it last night.
But suppose that Senator does promise me a vote
on the Crittenden propositions: I have followed
him for three months; I have followed my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
for three months; I have followed my friend, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] for
three jnonths; I have voted with them on all these
propositions at a time when there were twelve other
Senates in thisChambel-on whose voteswe could
rely; Wd what came of it all ? Did we ever get
a vote on the Crittenden propositions? Never.
Did we ever get a vote on the peace conference
propositions? Never. Did we ever get a vote
on the bill introduced by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to remit these propositions to a vote of
the people? Never. They werenotstrongenough
to displace the Pacific railroad bill, which stood
here and defied them in the Senate for more than
a month. They were not strong enough to set-
aside this plunder bill that you call a tariff. They
were not strong enough to beat a pension bill one
morning. For three long months have I followed
the Senator and others, begging for a vote 011
these questions; never can we get it; never; and
now I am to be deluded no further; and I use that
word delusion certainly in no unkind sense to my
friend.
The Crittenden proposition has been indorsed
by the almost unanimous vote of the Legislature
of Kentucky. It has been indorsed by the Le-
gislature of the noble old Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. It has been petitioned for by ajarger num-
ber of electors of the United States than any
proposition that was ever before Congress. I be-
lieve in my heart, to-day, that it would carry an
overwhelming majority of the people of my State;
ay, sir, and of nearly every other State in the
Union. Before the Senators from the State of
Mississippi left this Chamber, I huard one of them
who now tissumes, at least, to be president of the
southern confederacy,propose to accept it and to
maintain the Union if that proposition could re-
ceive the vote it ought to receive from the other
side of this Chamber. Therefore, of all your
propositions, of all youi amendments, knowing
as 1 do, and knowing that the historian will write
it down, at any time before the 1st of January, a
two-thirds vote for the Crittenden resolutions in
this Chamber would have saved every State in
the Union, but South Carolina. Georgia would
be here by her representatives, and Louisianaalso
—those two great States, which, at least, would
have broken the whole column of secession. Yet,
sir, it has been staved off—staved off for your fu-
tile railroad bill; and where is it to-night? Staved
off by your tariff bill; staved off by your pension
bills; and, at the end of three months, the might-
iest three months in the history of this continent,
in the course of which the pillars of the Govern-
ment have fallen, one after another, until you stand
to-night in the midst of a falling ruin, I am told
to take the promise of my friend, that he can now
accomplish, in less than, eleven hours, what he
has not been able to accomplish in the hist three
months. No, sir; I cannot. As for the original
proposition from the House, if my vote be neces-
sary to make the constitutional majority, I will
give it; not that I believe it is worth the paper on
which it is written; not that I believe it will be
ratified by the States; but it shall not bp said that
any appeal from my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, of that sort, fails of success by the lack of
my vote.
But now, we have something that will settle
this question; we have something which will re-
tain the States that have not seceded, which, in
my judgment, will bring back all the rest except
South Carolina, in twelve months, and will bring
her back in a short period thereafter. The Sen-
ate may either adopt my amendment, or reject it.
I have been anxious to get it voted on, and I did
not intend to say a word; but I thought it was
unkind in the Senator from Illinois, after I had
followed him so patiently during the whole of
this session, with an ardent desire for peace and
conciliation, to intimate that, on the last night of
the session, I had gone into some agreement with
other Senators, under the pretense of offering an
amendment, to pi event any vote being taken on
