1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
distance; and the necessity must exist or my right
to vote for itdoes not exist. How far, then, does
that necessity exist? Not so far as the convenience
might exist; for the convenience would exist from
the city of Washington to San Francisco, and all
over the Union; but how far does the necessity
exist? Just over that space, where, in all human
probability, without our aid, it will not be made.
How far is that? From the confines of one State
to the confines of the other; from the twenty-fifth
parallel of longitude west from Washington,
which is the proposed western boundary of Kan-
sas, to the eastern boundary of California. Why?
Where there is good land, where there are settle-
ments,grants of land will construct the road; and
we know it, for they have done it in every other
State up to the limits of those two States. As
there are no means of construction from the limits
of the one to the limits of the other, and there is
a necessity for having the road, there is a neces-
sity for our action. Within the limits where it
will be made without our aid, the necessity does
not exist; and none of us are justified, according
to my conception, in voting for it; and there is
the distinction that I make.
These collateral branches of argument into
which the Senator from Illinois has run, I shall
not notice. When he undci takes to say that the
Federal Government has as much power in the
States as it has in the Territories, lie is entirely at
fault. This Constitution, with its provisions, was
never made by a Territory, never assented to by
a Territory. It is a Constitution between sover-
eign States, each one being a unit. The Territory
is no party to the Constitution at all; it is outside,
so far as the guarantees are concerned. How, then,
does Congress govern the Territories? Not be-
cause the Territories are parties to the Constitu-
tion; not because they have assented to the Con-
stitu tion; n ot because they have entered the Un ion;
for the Territories are not in the Union. What,
then, is the Territory ? Itis property belonging to
the Union. Where is your power to govern it?
It results from your right to acquire; and this
miserable idea, that your power in the Territory
results from the fact that you have the right to
admit States, is, to me, the most extraordinary
that ever I heard uttered. I know the Supreme
Court, in one case, gave a little countenance to it;
I know that distinguished men have predicated
their whole political action upon it; but there is
no truth in it. The power to admit a State does
not include the power to create a State. Every
State that comes into this Union forms herself
into a sovereignty, and there can be no sover-
eignty without that self-action. If a State were
created by another power, she would not he sov-
ereign. Sovereignty results from self-action. If
any State, therefore, ever is created,it ia by self-
action. Others assent to it; others agree to it;
others acquiesce in it; others acknowledge it; but it
is always self-action, else it is no sovoieignty. So
States created themselves, and the power of Con-'
gress to admit them is just clearly this: you can
open the doors oftheUnionto letanother sister in;
tliatis all. You cannot create; you cannot take in-
cipient steps of creation. What, then, can you do
in a Territory? It is no party to the Constitution;
it has never assented to the Constitution; but it is
property belonging to the United States. It is ac-
quired in a constitutional way by treaty, by pur-
chase, or by conquest. The right to acquire ofitself
necessarily includes the power to govern and take
care of. In what manner? In no manner conflicting
with the general principles delegated to the Fed-
eral Government. Youcannothavean established
religion there. Why? Because that power is pro-
hibited by the Federal Go vermnent; itis conflicting
with the principles of the Federal Government.
You cannot establish a nobility there. Why?
Because that is inconsistent with the principles of
the Federal Government. Rut whatever is con-
sistent with the general tenor of the Federal Gov-
ernment, that Government can enforce and carry
out, and no other power can do it but the Federal
Government, except by consent. If a territorial
organization is given, look at the nonsense of say-
ing, " we have no power there, and yet we will
charter you." Look at the absurdity of the idea,
" we have no power to control you; but we say
you shall not control yourselves except submoilo;"
for in every bill reported, advocated,and sustained
by that honorable Senator, he has putin prohibi-
tions upon the Territorial Legislature. He has
said property shall not bo taxed except as Con-
gress permits; he has said the property of a non-
resident shall not be taxed more than that of a
resident; he lias said they shall pass no law incor-
porating a bank. Can he say that to the States;
does he say it to a State ? Would any man rise in
the Senate and utter a sentiment like that in the
Senate Chamber, that we can command a State
in that manner? And why not? If the power of
Congress is the same in a State and in a Terri-
tory, we can put these prohibitions and these in-
hibitions upon States as well as upon Territo-
ries. But experience, common sense, the nature
if our Government, demonstrate that this notion
is all wrong. When we acquire territory, if
it be acquired in a constitutional way, and it
is constitutional either by purchase, or treaty, or
by conquest, it results from the necessity of the
case that we can take care of it; and what is tak-
ing care of it? If we allow people to settle upon
it and survey the lands, we can give them an or-
ganization if we choose. We may vest the gov-
erning power in a judge, in a Governor, in a
Council, or in a Legislative Assembly. We can
prescribe their powers. We cannot give them
unlimited power; and the idea of the Senator from
Illinois, that he who claims a right to take care
of and control a Territory is advocating unlim-
ited power over a Territory, is another grievous
error. Nobody contends for that. I will venture
the assertion, that there is not a man, woman,
or child in the United States that over uttered the
sentiment. If it was ever uttered by anybody,
it was by a giant. Then why refer to it! We
all contend that the Federal Government is a lim-
ited authority. We have disputed as to the ex-
tent of the limitations, as to the extent of the
authority, how far it did extend, the boundary
line between the limitations and the authority;
and in all governments there frequently arise dis-
puted questions on points like these. It is very
easy to take an extreme ease, and say " this is
.outside of the authority;" and it is very easy
to take another extreme case and say " this is
within the limits of the authority;" but as you
approximate and come up to the boundary line,
honest men, true patriots, distinguished men, fre-
quently differ. So that difference sprang upon
the slave question; but I shall not refer to that,
because it is not pertinent to this bill. I am only
showing that the power to govern a.Territory
results alone from the fact that we have the right
to acquire; and the duty necessarily and inevita-
bly follows from the* right to acquire. It is in-
cluded in the right to acquire; but yet all the
prohibitions of the Constitution apply, and why?
Because, being acquired, this Government be-
comes the possessor, the owner, and the sover-
eign ; the stamp of its character must be observed
over the whole of its dominions; it must observe
every principle and precept there which innMR
its individuality as a Government; and hence it
can do nothing conflicting with the rights of any
State, as in a Confederation of States all the States
must be protected alike, all the States must have
.opportunities alike; and so you will observe,
when you examine this question, there is not a
paiticle of difficulty about it.
Mr. President, I shall not run off into that sub-
ject. I come back to the beginning. Wo arcanx-
ious for the construction of a road where the in-
terests of the Government demand it, and we feel
justified in extending to it this proposed aid where
it is necessary. In every State susceptible of set-
tlement, thegrant of alternate sections of land has
in every case insured the completion of the road.
It will be made as quickly, as successfully, and
as usefully, with a grant of land in the States, as
it will through the Temtories with a grant of
money. I propose to give it. It is suggested to
me that we have not given the lands to California.
Yes; we give them six sections to the mile.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator will allow me
to interrupt him. I want to suggest that the very
necessity upon which he justifies the building of
a railroad to the border of California will compel
the Government to extend it to the Pacific. If it
is essential for military purposes at at], itis essen-
I tial that it shall be built by the Government to
where it will reach that portion of the State which
will need tiie means of defense, or where it will
give the facilities ill time of war which have been
dwelt oil by the Senator. He says he proposes
giving to the State- 
Mr. GREEN. I prefer that the Senator should
reply to me after I am through. I thought he
was only going to ask me a question or make an
explanation.
Mr.LATHAM. I want to call yourattention
to a fact; that is all. He says he proposes to
give the State of California lands to build Ithis
road. He forgets that nearly all the lands that
lie along the line of either of these roads, prob-
ably with the exception of a portion of the south-
ern route, are mineral lands. It is therefore a
barren grant; for those lands are expressly re-
served by the terms of the bill.
Mr. GREEN. So far as that is concerned, my
recollection of the bill is that it gives six sections
a mile, from the time that the road strikes the
line of California until it reaches San Francisco.
Mr. LATHAM. Excepting mineral lands.
Mr. GREEN. And wherever mineral lands
are selected out, others equivalent to them may
be taken.
Mr. LATHAM. Within a certain distance.
Mr. GREEN. And that distance comprehends
enough to cover the whole; so that they will get
the lands anyhow. They are allowed to select
other lands within fifteen miles.
Mr. LATHAM. You might go fifty miles,
and still find all mineral land.
Mr. GREEN. The southern road will, I sup-
pose, cross the Colorado a little above Fort Yuma,
and run some four hundred miles, to San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I will state to the Sen-
ator, so far as that Jine is concerned, it goes
through the Colorado desert.
Mr. GREEN. Well, sir, if one road strikes a
desert and the other road goes through all min-
eral lands, let us strike the land grant out alto-
gether. Will the Senator accept that? If the
land grant is worth nothing, why not strike it out ?
Sir, the fact is, that this land grant is as good in
California as it has ever been in any other State.
Look at your rich ranches, producing sixty bush-
els of wheat to the acre; your immense herds,
fattened by nature's productions, without any
care except the herdsmen. All this is done in
California 011 such lands as the Senator now calls
waste.
Mr. LATHAM. I tell the gentleman that all
those lands are claimed under Spanish grants;
they are occupied already, and are reserved from
the provisions of this bill.
Mr. GREEN. Then I suggest again, let the
Senator strike the land grant out. If the lands are
all gone, what do you put it in there for?
Mr. LATHAM. Because we expect to build
the road by the money the bill gives.
Mr. GREEN. Then strike out the land grant,
and I will say no more about it. They expect to
make it by the money, do they? SS11 Diego is
nearly opposite Fort Yuma, the point where the
southern road will cross the Colorado. Why do
you run parallel with the Pacific ocean not fifteen
miles from it, for four hundred miles, to get to San
Francisco? Military defense? It is a matter of
convenience, I admit; but is it necessary; is it so
indispensable as to justify us in taking money out
of the Treasury? Now, take the central route:
suppose it strikes Carson Valley, of which the
Senator from Louisiana has spoken. You say it
will never be made. We will make it across
there. He says he can go in forty-eight hours
from there to San Francisco. Now, is there any
great necessity for spending ยง60,000,000, when
there is a good graded road where natural facil-
ities are offered, and when the people of Cali-
fornia, if they are as energetic and enterprising as
I take them to be, will make the road before we
get it in the Washoe mines? Does that degree of
necessity exist which will justify us in appropri-
ating money out of the Treasury ? 1 want to fa-
cilitate the road; but I want to keep within what
I consider to be the pale of the Constitution. I
wish to aid it in every possible way. I intend to
support it as far as I possibly can; but while the
military power of the Government is alike over
all the States and Territories, the necessity does
not exist alike over all the States and all the Ter-
ritories. .Congress has never undertaken to make
but one single road in a State, and that was the
national road; and that was predicated upon the
idea that it would promote and facilifate immigra-
tion, and settle up the public lands, bring them
into market, and replenish the public Treasury.
