1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
our blood-, and yet we have been charged with
hems thecauseof your dissolution,and you sup-
p. -"."th.-it your disease is so light that even bread
n> \v cure it.
>Vi; .t have wo done, I ask again, that you
s' o,.H \c\isn your hands against this equitable
Government of ours, from which you never have
r-jcs ived anything but blessings and benefits?
iL\\v )'-u not received your full share of all the
emoluments of the Government, of all its offices,
and of all its honors? Have you not shared more
—amply and infinitely more—than we; for this
great Republican party have never yet, under
this Federal Constitution, had possession of a
single office in 4m gift of the Government?
1 want this to be reflected upon by gentlemen
who are disposed to be candid and just. Arc you
not conscious that this complaint against us is un-
founded ana unjust; that we have done you wrong?
You are complaining constantly, hourly, here,
and are going out of the Union. Sir, if you base
yourself upon the* right of revolution, and say
that you can live happier out of this Union than
you can m it, and choose to go out because you
cannot live happy under it, I am not here to deny
your right of revolution; but place it upon its
proper grounds. Do not charge us with beii}g the
authors of your recreancy to this Government,
who have never clone you wrong, who have al-
ways been loyal to your Government, whose ben-
efits have principally been reaped by you; and
now doctrines are sought to be compromised heie.
What is the attitude you occupy towaids us that
you ask uh to compromise with you 2 Have you
not gone out. of this Union, even put yourself in
military art-ay, taken possession of the fortifica-
tions of this Government, taken possession of its
Treasury, robbed its Tieasury,and turned the
guns of the fortifications that we have built against
us? Would you pretend, sir, that the acts of these
seceding States, ifdone by a foreign enemy, would
not be war? Why, sir,it barely amounts to this:
you have fired upon our Hag; you ha\e captured
©■ur foruficdtioms; you have made prisoners of
wtif of our soldiery; and yet you deprecate war
ami plead for peace. Why, sir, war exists to-
day by the act of these seceding States; and now
you say, if wc undertake to defend the General
Government against your depredations, it is a kind
ot coercion that you will all resist. It amounts
simply to this: that a State planting herself upon
her soveieign capacity, has the light to war upon
the Gene i a) Govei nment; but the General Govei n-
ment has no nght to defend heiseif. That is where
you stand.
Mr President, look at the consequences of this
doctune. Look at Flonda. Why did we pui-
ehase Florida at the price, I believe, of^jjOOO^JOO'5
h was not because the land there was very val-
uable; for it was not. It was because all military
men told us, m order to make the general defense
of the counti y secure—not Florida—but the Gen-
eral Government, preparing !oi the general defense
and the geneial welfare, was compelled to pur-
chase Honda in mder to command the entrance
into the Gulf of Mexico. It would not do for a
maritime nation like us to permit this strong po-
sition to fall into the hands of a foreign Govern-
ment, and therefore we purchased it,moru forthe
purpose of defending the General Government
than for any intrinsic value theie was m it. What
says secession to this? We annexed it and made
it a temtory. Whoever wished to go there and
take possession of the land, under the mild and
equitable Government of the United States, had a
right to go, and did so; and now, at any period,
they claim the right, when theyaie admitted as a
State, to secede, as they call it, to take possession
of all that country, and to turn the guns of the
very fortifications and strongholds for which you
have purchased it, without which it would not be
worth a copper, against you, to the rum of the
defense of the nation.
Sir, if Florida is right in the position that she
occupies and which you all maintain, to-morrow
she may ally herself with any strong maiilime rival
of ours; and that peninsula which we purchased
for the purpose of fortification and protection of
the General Government, may be turned to-mor-
row in hostile array agamsius; najr, sir, may pass
mm the hands of Great Britain, and the fortifica-
tions we have erected be manned by her soldiery,
and stand there as a constant dread upon the in-
tegrity of this Union. Do you not see, if a State
can secede in time of peace, that she can do it also
in time of war? An invading army lands upon
your coast, and the State m which it is landed,
after you have fortified it forthe common defense,
may secede, surrender herself over to the enemy,
and turn her guns against the Government that
built the fortifications; a doctrine so absurd that
it cannot be true.
We used to talk about the Monroe doctrine.
How long is it since you all stood up asserting
the Monroe doctrine, that no foreign State should
have a foothold upon this continent? You would
not permit it; and yet your seceding States, if I
understand it, have long been seeking to put them-
selves under the protection of foreign Powers.
Florida, under your secession doctrine, can any
day sell her fortifications to Great Britain, turn
our ships and our arms that may be there against
us, and defy the United States, and thus break
down and destroy the common defense.
The same observations apply with equal force
to Louisiana. Why did you purchase Louisiana?
What did they who made the bargain say about
it? It was purchased because it was necessary
for the general defense, and m order to obtain the
control of the navigation of the Mississippi river.
They said they must have it at all hazards, and
at any price; yea, they must have it even against
their conceptions of their constitutional power to
do it. Mr. Jefferson puichased it, wln.n he ically
believed, as I believe to-day, that he had no con-
stitutional power to do it. Why did he justify
so wide a stretch of the Constitution ? Ijecauso
the navigation of the Mississippi and the defense
of the country required that, at all hazards, wc
should take possession of it when an opportunity
offered. We have fortified that river at great ex-
pense; and now Senators hold that Louisiana
may go out of the Union, and go back to France,
of whom we purchased her, to-morrow, or to
Great Britain, who may send her Packenhams
there to take possession in peace. Oh, ghost of
old General Jackson! what would you say of
these modern Democrats who now declare that
the city where you won such glory and distinc-
tion, can be to-morrow surrendered to the enemy,
and its guns turned against that Union that you
loved so well? And your degenerate followers
here say amen to such a doctrine as that!
But it is unnecessary to follow into all its con-
sequences a doctune so fraught with utter anar-
chy and confusion in G overnment. if there is any
ti uth or foundation m the Constitution, or any rea-
son for any such doctrine, it lint only proves that
you nevei really had a confedeiated Government,
but that you never can have one; because you
deduce from the nature of confederacies the fact,
that any State that had joined it, on any pretext
whatever, may fall hack upon what you call her
sovereign!y, and go out, with all these conse-
quences resulting fiom it. Sir, if that doctune is
to be established and pass into our institutions as
settled law, what is your Government worth 5 It
would not be woith the parchment upon which u
is written Would the General Government ever
dare to build a foitification in a State?
1 know the Senatoi fiom Texas [Mr. Wigfai.i.]
stood loith heie and said those fortifications were
built, not for the geneial defense, but for the de-
fense of the States. Where did you find a doc-
tune like that? What jurist ever laid it down?
What expounder of constitutional law qvci laid it
down that this confedeiated Government, in erect-
ing fortifications, m purchasing the sites on which
they should be erected, did it for the defense of a
particular State> Do not. misunderstand me. I
know that the fortification incidentally might be a
powerful defense to the State m which itwas locat-
ed; but that is only part and parcel of the general
defense. Why, sir, you may have a fort on a navi-
gable stream which may cover and, perhaps, de-
fend a dozen States from foreign aggression, and
which was placed theie, not any moie to be a
defense to the State in which it was located than
to any other; and yet it is said one State may take
possession of it,and eonveit it to Statepmposos,
and the General Govei moent, who had erected it,
may be put at defiance and weakened by the vei y
power that she had erected for her defense. The
doctrine is monstious ana absurd, and ought not
to be argued here.
But, sn, there is one question that will occur to
any man who will reflect on the consequences of
this most absurd and anarchial doctrine. If by
any compromise we should appease your wrath
now, and you hold these doctrines, what should
wc have gained? What guarantee do you pro-
pose to give us that at the next session of Con-
gress you will not make the same demand, oreven
increase your demands ? Is what you call a Gov-
ernment founded on such principles as those,
worthy even of the name? Why, sir, I suppose
when you speak of a Government, yon speak of
a Power; at all events, capable of its own inhe-
rent energies of maintaining its position and main-
taining its status against all aggression, both ex-
ternal and internal; and if it cannot, it is not
worthy of the name. You propose to erect a
southern confederacy upon such principles as
these, and you tell us it is to be a foimidablc re-
public. Why, sir, any government, north or
south, that is erected upon principles so loose as
a bare voluntary association of States, is no im-
provement upon the savage principle; and you
would be hardly m-ore poweiful agamst an external
foe than a tribe of Indians would be. Even now,
I see that one of these seceding States is making
the same kind of complaints against the confed-
eracy that they made against us. They.found
there that they would be under the necessity of
adopting a tanff. They have adopted oven that
old tauff that they used to repudiate and curse.
They have taken it right out of our book and en-
acted it into theirs, if I understand it aright. They
have prohibited the African slave trade, which
prohibition you said was a stigma upon the slave-
holder; that it branded slaveholdmg with infamy*
and you would not bear it. I must say South
Carolina, in my judgment, is about the most earn-
est and sincere State that has left us. She had
principles, and she is not even, now disposed to
depart fiom them, even under the fervor of this
new confederacy.
But, Mr. President, I told you at the outset
that I did not believe in any of your compromises.
I had seen no good glow out of them. They arc
a constant bono of contention and irritation. They
have tended to weaken the bonds of this Confed-
eracy, from the time they began to patch them up
until now. I can trace, and so can any statesman
here trace, our present difficulties to a compromise
that was made, which, m the simplicity of those
who made it, was to give union and peace to this
Government forever. Sir, I can trace all your
difficulties to-day to the enactment of that very
compromise. A compromise is never founded upon
any principle. Itcannotbe; because tfitisiealiy
a compromise, there are different and conflicting
principles, of which you give up a little on each
side; and the result is not much harmony ever. It
is a mixing up of good and bad, of right and
wiong. You do not settle the controversy, but
you agiee for the tune being to abandon it; while
the very irritation that made the controvctsy
rankles m the heart even worse generally, after
the compromise is effected, than it did before.
Although the old one stood for something like
thirty years, that wound was never healed. The
great Union-saver now, who stands forth to advo-
cate the Union, was the fust man to lay his violent
hand upon that compromise, and tear away that
bulwark which had guarded ourcontroversies and
shielded us fiom them so long; and now he stands
foi th and pium( s himself as being a great compro-
miser and an allayer of lmtation. Sir, 1 shall not
very suon forgot that darkand gloomy period of our
history when I stood upon the floor of this Senate
deploring the act that has caused all our woes. If
you will look back into the history of our debates
then, you will find that on that dark and gloomy
night when you repealed that compromise, I pre-
dicted what would be the result of your doings. 1
take no credit as a prophet for doing it. It was
mostobwous what would be the effect of it. I
told you then, sir, that you would array scction
against section; that there would be nothing be-
tween but the naked broadsword, one against the
other. I implored you then, m God's name, in the
name of the Union, to stay your hands, not to
plunge us into woes that wc could hardly conceive
of; but notinng could stay your ambition. The
South, by a recent triumph, had become over-
whelming bore-in ieoradciiion; they had demanded
the sdoiiiico, and believed that through the com-
promising spirit of the Noiill, they could carry out
