434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday,. January 17, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was-read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from.the "War Department, submitting
an estimate, amounting to §709,435, to cover the
expenses of Indian hostilities during the current
year, and i*ecommending an appropriation to that
amount; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of the law of
1820, the amount of appropriations applicable to
the service of the War Department for the year
1859-60; the amountdrawn from the Treasury on
requisition of the War Department, during the
same period; with the balance carried to the sur-
plus fund during the same year; which was laid
on the tabic, ana ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, in compliance with the act of 179G, trans-
mitting a statement of the expenses of the national
armories, in the manufacture of arms and append-
ages, for the year ending June 30, 1860; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with resolu-
tions of the House of Representatives of January
29, 1830, and August 30, 1842, two hundred and
seventy-live copies of the Army Register for the
present year; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I ask the
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution. I will state that the money has been paid,
and this is necessary for the protection of the
Clerk:
Resolved, That the amount for newspapers for members
and Delegates be the same lor this as for the last Congress,
and continue the same until otherwise ordeied.
The resolution was received by unanimous
consent, and adopted.
Mr. BURCH. I call for the special order of
business.
GEORGE II. GIDDINGS.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to permit me to re-
port, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, a joint resolution for the benefit of
Geoige II. Giddings, of Texas.
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
payment to George II. Giddings of the amount
contained in the order of the late Postmaster Gen-
eral Brown, in 1858, for mail services performed
by him on route 8076, provided that said sum shall
be received by him as payment in full of all de-
mands against the United States Government.
Mr. THOMAS. If it is proposed to report
this joint resolution for the purpose of reference,
I have no objection. If otherwise, I must object.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. 1 desire to say to
thegentleman from Tennessee that this resolution
is teported unanimously by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. Such bills have
passed the House over and over again by a two-
ilnrds vote. It is merely to pay to this party what
is due him under his contract. I hope the gen-
tleman will not object.
Mr. THOMAS. Very well; let it go.
The joint resolution was then reported, no ob-
jection being made, received its several readings,
and was passed.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, moved to vccon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commodore: paulding.
Mr. POTTLE. 1 ask th e unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, a jointresolution to authorize Com-
modore 11. Paulding to accept a sword and grant
of land from the Government of Nicaragua
Mr. HINDMAN. I object.
Mr. POTTLE, i hope the gentleman will not
object until lie has heard it read, and knows what
it is.
Mr. H1ND.MAN. I think I understand the
object of the resolution. I think it is to author-
ize Commodore Paulding to rcceive a sword and
grant of land for havingacted in the capacity of
a constable in the arrest of Walker.
Mr. POTTLE. The gentleman has misunder-
stood the character of the proposition. The ob-
ject is to authorize Commodore Paulding to re-
ceive these grants in consideration of meritorious
services.
Mr. HINDMAN. I do not propose to go into
a discussion of the conduct of Commodore Paul-
ding. I am one of those who condemned the con-
duct of Commodore Paulding then, and who con-
demn itnow. I object, therefore, to the reception
of the resolution.
FRANKLIN TORRY.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 935) for
the relief of Franklin Torry; when the Speaker
signed the same.
UNION DEMONSTRATION.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to present a me-
morial, signed by twenty-eight hundred citizens
of my congressional district, in the counties of
Hancock, Brooke, Ohio, Marshall, Wetzel, and
Taylor, in favor of the adjustment of the existing
difficulties in regard to slavery m the Union, and
not out of it. I move that the memorial be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. BUTtCH. I demand that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order for
this day.
The SPEAKER. The special order for this
day is the consideration of House bill No. 299,
for the payment of expenses incurred in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in the State of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further
consideration of that special order be postponed
until Saturday next; ami on that motion 1 demand
the previous question. 1 want to have the arrange-
ment entered into for debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the Army
bill carried out in good faith. I trust that the
gentleman from California will not object to the
postponement 1 suggest.
Mr. BURCH. 1 am perfectly willing that the
further consideration of the special order for this
day shall be postponed, provided it is the under-
standing of the House that we shall have a ses-
sion on Saturday next. Otherwise I cannot con-
sent to it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 object. Saturday is pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. BURCH. But it is not objection day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill tha^ has been made
the special order lor this day is really a private bill.
Mr. BCJRCH. I send to the Clerk's table a
resolution winch I think will cover the case. I
ask that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows;
Resolved, That the fui tlier consultation of the special
Older set down for tins day, to wit: House bill No.290, for
the payment of expenses matured in tin* • uppie^ion oi In-
dian hostilities in the State of California, be postponed
until, and made the special older tor, Sattnduy next, it the
Ilou^e then t-hall be m s>ej* iun, and if nut, then for Wed-
nesday ol next week.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not*object to the adop-
tion of that resolution. I call for the previous
question on its adoption.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the mam question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object. Monday next is
set apart for the consideration of the report of the
select committee of thirty-three as the special
order, and that special order is to be consideied
from day to day until disposed of. No one doubts
that it will go over beyond Wednesday. I object
to the resolution.
Mr. BURCH. This bill is the special ordorfor
to-day, and I have offered the resolution" post-
poning its further consideration, with a view that
the debate on the existing condition of the coun-
try may be continued, under the arrangement en-
tered into by both sides of the House. I am
unwilling to let the special order for to-day be
postponed, unless some day be fixed when it can
be taken up and acted on.
Mr. MAI NARD. Then let it be postponed
until after the report of the select committee of
thirty-three has been disposed of.
Mr. BURCH. I cannot consent to that.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. In what manner did the
Chair propound the question on the resolution oi
the gentleman from California? I am sure I in-
terposed an objection to the introduction of the
resolution in time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was in order <
and a single objection could not prevents its intro-
duction. The bill is the special order for this day,
and a motion for its postponement is in order..
Mr. MAYNARD. The House made the re-
port of the select committee of thirty-three the
special order—that is, conditionally—for Wed-
nesday next. I ask the Chair whether there can
be two special orders for the same day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the House may make two special orders for the
same day. When the day arrives it will be time
to determine which takes precedence.
Mr. BURCH. This California bill takes pre-
cedence of the other special orders, for it is the
special order for this day. I move to reconsidei
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURCH. 1 have another resolution to
offer in connection with this bill. It is necessary
that some extra copies of it should be printed.
There are not enough of them, and I want a copy
for each member,, in order that all may know its
contents.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That three hundred additional copies of House
bill No. 299, for the payment of c-xpeu-es inclined in the
suppression of Indian hostilities in the State of California,
bo piinted lor the use of this House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, under th&
rules, will go to the Committtee on Printing.
It was referred accordingly.
STATE Oi? TIIE UNION.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to present the petition
of citizens of Wetherville, Baltimore county, in
my district, praying for the adoption of the Crit-
tenden resolutions of compromise. I will add that
the prayer of this petition represents the wishes
of the people of all parties in my district.
The petition was laid upon the table.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS, ETC.
Mr. VANDEVER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to move the printing
of a bill granting alternate sections of the public-
land to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in the Territory or future State of Kansas, and the
Territory of Nebraska, and in the State of Cali-
fornia, which the Committee on Public Lands
propose to report at some future day.
There was no objection; and the bill was ac-
cordingly ordered to be printed.
CORRECTION.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I perceive that 1 am
reported in the Globe to have stated,on yesterday,
in answer to a question as to the action of the Ohio
Legislature about returning persons, held to .ser-
vice, fleeing from one* State to another, that " 1
think the laws they have on that subject are suffi-
cient/' I was misunderstood. I said this: that
a law had been introduced for the purpose of cor-
recting our error in that respect, and I hoped it
would be passed.
I wish to correct another mistake. I stated that
the Legislature had passed the resolutions 1 re-
i ferret! to unanimously. That is a mistake. The
! Senate passed them unanimously, and the House
! passed most of them unanimously. There were
dissenting voices on some of the resolutions.
Mr. JONES. While my fiicnd is correcting
mistakes, he had better correct them all. I un-
derstood him to say yesterday that the Legisla-
! ture of' Ohio was taking measures to refoim their
! unfiiendly legislation, i saw in the papers of this
morning that that Legislature had postponed the
i repeal of the personal liberty bills indefinitely. Is
! that the reformation he spoke of?
Mr. COX. The gentleman is laboring under a,
mistake. A personal libcity bill was passed in
1856, by a Republican Legislature. The Demo-
