1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that aggression against right and justice without
any danger. Theresulthasshowngreatdanger. It
has shown that tnose who had predicted it might
work out the dissolution of this Union were true
prophets. 1 was among the prophets then, and a
good many others were also. 1 am speaking of it
now as a compromise. How short-sighted are
men! Sir,when with a heavy heart I left this Cap-
itol to go to my lodgings, towards morning, in ex-
ultation over your fancied triumph you hauled up
yourgunsand gaveus,! believe, one hundred guns
right over our heads as we passed out. Now the
fruits ofthatactare to be seen, disastrous to us and
equally so to you; disastrous to the country, be-
cause it sowed the seeds of all the discords of
which you complain.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator give way
for a recess?
Mr. WADE. If you want to have a recess,
I do not care.
Mr. W1GFALL. Is the Senator from Ohio
through ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; I had not concluded.
Senators said they wanted a recess. 1 only gave
way for that, if they desired to have one. I do
not want a recess. 1 am nearly through with my
iumaiks.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
Mr. W1GFALL. I wanted to make a remark
or two.
Mr. WADE. I have no wishes about it. I
only yielded to the solicitation of others; for I am
nearly through.
Now, leaving all these things, Mr. President,
and coming down to this fancied compromise,
since you repealed the other, do you not see that
this sectional question has broken down every
barrier that you have erected? Do you not fmd
that your Church organizations, which were ce-
mented together as stiong as any otheroiganiza-
tions possibly can be, who add to all the other
bonds of the Union that of religious sentiment,
have been rent in twain by it? Then there was
your American party oiganized all over this coun-
try,north and south,and organized upon the prin-
ciple that this controversy about slavery should be
utterly ignored; no man of the party should speak
of it; and they went to Baltimore, and met in gen-
eral convention; and there, with this principle upon
their tongues that it should be ignored, they talked
of nothing else during that wrangling convention,
until it broke in two in the middle, and it is laid
prostrate and destroyed. On account of the fa-
cility of modern Democracy, the great Democratic
party stood much longer on this subject than the
Wing party, which was broken down in 1854,
when you repealed the Missouri compromise.
That was a death-blow to the old Whig paity.
It nevei oigainzrd again, either north or south.
Then, at last, Imgeung doubtful for two or three
years more, after the death-wound, even the strong
phalanx of the Democratic paity gave way fiom
ihe same causes, and to-day lies bleeding, pros-
trate* and dead: for when you speak of the Dem-
ocratic party north, you speak of a corrupt fac-
tion; you cannot pick up the pieces; you cannot
join them together; and seeing that, you have gone
outoftne Union; you have left these men in the
hands of the Republican paity.
So you have ended both parties;atid now, shall
we enter into another compromise ? Will it be
v. ise to do it? Will it probably result in good?
1 know that my friend here [Mr. Crittenden] —
for 1 know 1 may call him such—believes, against
the evidence he has, that these compromises have
some healing and saving efficacy. The history
of them, so far as I know, has been nothing but
disastrous, and that continually; and yet he is all
eager that we should enter into another, fraught
with objection more bitter, detestable, and more
lepudiated by the Noi th, than any other ever yet
oifered. It is supposed that we can take this
compt umise, and that it will make a lasting peace
between us.
I regret that these things are so as much as any
othei man that talks plainly about them; but I
will dare to look the condition in which I am
pi,in d, in ail its surroundings, in the face and meet
ail if* ditiiculties; and I say to you that the rem-
edy is not m compromise. It is in that good old
Coiii-mution uf our fathers, made in times when
tin' penis of the day impelled men to act with Jess
selfishness than they would now. They made
the Constitution, m my judgment, infinitely more
wise and better than any one likely to be got up
by a convention at the present day. I stand to
that old Constitution. 1 see no place where it
wants amending, and least of all m the particular
in which you now, by one of your resolutions,
undertake to amend it. Who has ever contended
that the Constitution of the United States gave
power to any State to invade another, or power
to the General Government to operate in a State
for the modification or overthrow of its domestic
institutions? You may read all the papers; you
may look at the doings of all the conventions of
the Republican, or old Whig, or Democratic party
that ever assembled North, and you will not find
one single one that asserted, or ever pretended to
assert, any such power as that.
Why, then, stand here so late in the night to
urge upon us to give guarantees for that which
no man has pretended could ever be disturbed?
Why, sir, we have no more inclination to disturb
it in your State than we have the constitutional
power to do it. What do I care about your do-
mestic institutions, if you will not put them for-
ward to the infringement of my rights ? In your
own borders, they are no more to me than as
though they existed in England, Ireland, or
France. I am not responsible for them. I do not
believe in your institution; and I should be a lit-
tle uneasy if I supposed it depended upon my will
whether you have it or not; or, if it existed in
my State, I should not refet an hour before I en-
deavored to take such measures as would ulti-
mately work out its overthrow; but with you, I
do not concern myself; the Republican party do
not concern themselves; nor do any other party,
North or South. The danger is idle; it is fancied;
it is brought up for some puipose; but has no
wanant in the fads of the ease.
But I am told you will fear, notwithstanding
our protestations. If you will do so against what
i say to you, it would be undignified in me to
give guarantees. When I give my word that a
thing is not to be done, if a man demands addi-
tional guarantees I spuin the whole thing, and
will have nothing to do with it. You ask me,
then, to heap guarantee upon guarantee. Do you
not see, without any intention, that to demand
any such thing is an implied insult to northern
honor? When we disavow any such thing, when
you cannot impeach our veracity on this subject
anywhere, you still stand here saying you do not
believe us; that wo will, after all, set light up over
our prostrate word and oath,arid violate the Con-
stitution to do that which we have never attempted
to do. Sir, it is impossible that the South would
receive any additional confidence from any such
second declaiation upon this subject. I fear, so
far from it, that they will despise the man who
will have such a guarantee wrung from him under
such circumstances. I cannot do it. I have given
you my word. I have given you what is more.
We have given you more than any man's word.
We have given you the Constitution of the United
States, which contains in none of its provisions
anything that anybody ever construed into a right
to invade your State, or to intermeddle with your
institutions. You have got a double guarantee
there: fust, the power was never delegated; and
then, negatively, as the power was not delegated
it belongs to you and to your State. What more
can you have? You stand here, then, and ask
us to give it to you over again. I say the North
cannot yield it, consistently with their honor.
Mr. President, we must come back to the old
ark of our safety. We must stand upon the old
Constitution,and upon the old, time-honored con-
structions of that instrument as understood by
Marshall, by Story, and the great lights of juns-
piuderice that have investigated and settled almost
every question that can possibly arise upon its
construction. I observe, the very moment you
undertake to patch it up, the very moment you
attempt to go counter to that, inevitable difficulties
break m upon you. I do not want it amended.
I see no defect in it. I am sworn to stand by it,
and I will stand by it. I will not ask any State
in this Union to alter it, nor commend it to them
for alteration, unless you can convince me that
there is some glaring defect that requires a con-
vention to remedy, I see no such thing. You do
not complain that any breach or violation of the
present Constitution was ever worked out in the
directionin which you nowseekaremedy. No,Mr.
President, let us all learn to throw tnese additional
guarantees aside, until it shall appear most plain
and palpable that through the working of thisgreafc
Government, there is some real, and not fancied
defect, that imperiously demands the remedy , of a
convention to alter or change that Constitution; I
am not bigoted to it. 1 only love and revere it as.
the great charter of our liberties, under which we
have lived and flourished so long; but, neverthe-
less, if you can show me wherein it has a real,
palpable defect, I am the first man that will join
you in commending it to the States, and asking
them either to empower us, or take it into their
own hands and provide a remedy; but it has not
been shown. It is a mere fancied disease, says
the Senator from Illinois, just such a one as the
doctors prescribe a bread pill for where there is
no disease, but a mere fancy. That is an apt
illustration of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not admit it was a fan-
cied disease. I said I was under the impression
that a large portion of the Republican party did
intend to do this thing; but, if- they would come
up and vote for thisjomt resolution, it would show
me that the danger was imaginary. I expressed
my conviction, and sa:d I had been under the con-
viction that it was real.
Mr. WADE. Then I can only say, the Sen-
ator himself was under a delusion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, Mr. President, we
will test it. In the committee of thirteen, this
year, the Senator from Ohio, and his colleagues
on that committee, Republicans, brought forward
this identical proposition, and voted for it. Did
they offer a delusion, a cheat, a fraud? They voted
for it on the yeas and nays.
Mr. WADE. I have said it was under a de-
lusion that the Senator voted for it. I suppose,
upon the same principle that the Senator from
Virginia voted for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Senator from Ohio,
with his Republican colleagues in the committee
of thirteen, all voted for i his identical proposition,
word for word. Did they intend it as a cheat
when they tendered it to us ?
Mr. WADE. I do not know who it was that
brought it upand presented it. Itwas properand
laudable enough to present it to those who fancied
they were sick, and could notdevise any remedy.
It was offered to them to see if, under their delu-
sion, they would accept it as a remedy, by way
of a bread pill. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you find we w|ll accept
it, why not vote for it now, after tendering it; or
was it tendered in good faith at the time?
Mr. WADE. It was offered in good faith; but
nevertheless, it was a bread pill. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then 1 infer the Senator was
acting in bad faith at the time, trying to cheat the
committee when he was professing to act in good
faith with them.
Mr. WADE. The Senator chooses to use that
kind of language because it is natural to him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is the way I talk to the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator chooses to im-
peach men's motives and deal in that kind of
slang, he may do so. It is not proper that I should
reply to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will assure the Senator I
was not impeaching his motives. The record
shows he tendered it. It was brought into that
committee; and he and his Republican colleagues
tendered it, and voted for it on the yeas and nays.
He says now it is a cheat; and I desire to know
whether he offered it in good faith, or brought it
in as a cheat?
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have explained
it to everybody else. The Senator does not choose
to take the explanation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not heard any.
Mr. WADE. It was in good faith. We did
not believe you were laboring under a real dis-
ease, but a mere fancied one.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Did you believe it when you
brought it forward ?
Mr. WADE. I have no doubt of it. I can
only say, for one, that 1 voted for it, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether these—I will not say
lunatics—but those laboring under this fancied
disease would receive the bread pill as a remedy;
and if they would, it would be better to let them
have it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. If they will receive it now*
why not give it to them ?
