1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. WADE. They do not receive it. They
are not quite as far gone in lunacy as you take
them to be. [Laughter.] They do not take it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot get a frank answer
from the Senator. Every Union man, 1 under-
stand, on both sides of the Chamber, is willing to
take it, so far as I know.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 profess to be aUnion man;
but I am not willing to take it.
Mr. WADE. There are some Union men who
will take anything. [Laughter.] Mr. President,
1 have seen union men that would take the Dred
Scott decision, that carried slavery into the Ter-
ritory and fixed there, and demanded its protec-
tion there; and I can find that ihe same men, at
the same time, were contending that the people had
a perfect right to do just as they pleased about it.
I can find those who claim that the people really
have a right in the Territory to frame their own
domestic institutions just as they please, advocat-
ing this very amendment, and I do not know but
they are aboutto vote forit—certainly they declare
themselves ready to do it—which makes a consti-
tutional guarantee that the people never shall
handle this question at all, that it should go into
the Territories irrespective of their will, or of that
of Congress. The same Senator that professes
that, comes forward with his squatter sovereignty
bill, and offers it as a substitute to the territorial
bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not going into that
question. lam merely discussing tins in good
faith.
* Mr. WADE. I am glad to hear it is in good
faith.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In the committee of thirteen
the proposition was brought forward, and we
voted for it. The Senator from Ohio was one of
those who voted for it, and I think that yesterday
lie voted for it again, under the yeas and nays.
And now he is impugning the motives of those
who support the proposition that he himself was
instrumental in bringing forward, and pietendmg
at the time that he was in good faith; and I sup-
pose he was.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, that is a
little more respectful, and 1 am willing now to
answer it. 1 have notadmitted it was not m good
faith when it was brought forward. I have not
impugned the motives of the Senator in advocat-
ing U at all; but I certainly did believe, from his
own argument, that he fancied afterall it operated
by way of bread pill, whether it was a real remedy
or not; and I stated that I so understood him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; the Senator misappre-
hends what 1 said. 1 said if it is an imaginary
evil, then you remedy it. If it is a real evil, it does
not redress it. 1 was under the impression it
was real. Others thought it was imaginary. If
it is imaginary, you ought not to do it; if it is
real, it is our duty to do it.
Mr. WADE. Wei!, Mr. Piesident, as to the
motive 1 had in voting for it in committee, I had
nothing to do with getting it up. 1 did not know
it was to be offered. 1 had already said that I
would vote for none of these things. I do not
believe in any of them; but in that committee it
was sprung on us in a moment. I gave it my
assent; and immediately afterwards, on a mo-
ment's reflection, I declared I would not vote for
it; but it went on the record. I had no motive
particularly about it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow mc
to correct his recollection ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mi*. DOUGLAS. It was brought, up one day
as part of the Crittenden proposition, and on that
day the Senator voted against it. Thenextmorn-
ing the Senator, with the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] and the other Republican member of
the committee, retired and consulted. They came
back, and one of them presented this amendment,
as he stated, on behalf of the whole of them. The
yeas and nays were called; and then, after one
night's reflection, he voted for it on the call of the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not remember anything
about my attention being called to it at the time
I voted for it. I do not remember the record. I
have no doubt the Senator has stated it as it ap-
pears in the record; but the amendment was gotten
up by somebody else; my principle being that I
wouid not make myself a party to any of these
bread pills,or other pills, on this occasion. I had
not been led to see where the disease was. Just
before that, I demanded of all Senators on that
side to specify and show wherein these grievances
consisted that impelled them to leave the Union.
X was not able to find them. Now, when this very
harmless proposition (for it was to end in a com-
mittee) was presented, I was willingto try it there
with the Opposition. They rejected it to a man,
and so we dropped it. I believe there was no
Senator on that side of the Chamber who voted
for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of the committee of thir-
teen ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; of the committee of
thirteen.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg your pardon, sir. I
will read the vote.
Mr. WADE. I mean of the southern gentle-
men who were to be appeased by it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will read the vote:
" Those who voted in the affirmative aro, Messrs Dialer,
Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Doohttlo, Douglas, Climes,
Hunter, Powell, Seward, and Wade."
Mr. WADE. I supposed they had not voted
for it; but I do not recollect much, and care but
little about it. What happened in that commit-
tee was when I had not reflected upon the subject
and cared nothing about it. I have reflected now
a good deal upon it since it was brought in here.
1 now think it is like planting a thirty-two-pounder
to kill a fly. Here is a proposition barely to re-
assert and to put into the Constitution precisely
what is in it now; for I think, with the Senator
from Virginia, that, whenever a convention assem-
bles to alter the Constitution, 1 do not care when
or where, they must be invested with the same
power that any preceding one had. It is not in
the nature of things that one convention can tie
the hands or lessen the power of one that is to
come after it. It is like a legislative body. We
can pass no laws licre that a subsequent Legisla-
ture cannot repeal, because they all sit with equal
powers; and I suppose it is precisely so in a con-
vention. It is true that has to be ratified by the
Slates; but the same process that could make it
can alter it. That is what I hold, whether it shall
be done in a convention or in States; and I cannot
believe that there is any statesmanship in devis-
ing a remedy like this for an evil like this: that
States as large as empires are about to give up the
organization and the institutions under which sev-
eral generations have happily lived and passed
away, barely upon the ground that there is a fancy,
an idea, that some day some generation may arise
and do that of which they admit there has been
no present danger, and there has been no past
evil.
I do not believe, sir, that States go out of this
Union, dissolve their connection, and turn their
arms against the mother country, on'such grounds
as these. I do not believe it is a remedy. I "be-
lieve it is a bread pill; and if you have a disease
any sterner than would be cured by a bread pill,
this is no remedy for it. Sir, a statesman would
not devise it. I admit frankly that I am not dis-
posed to enlarge this institution of slavery. I will
not do so; but, if I pretended to do it, I would not
attempt to slink from it. If I stood here to give
you a remedy, you should have it. I do not be-
lieve in it. It is good for nothing, m my judg-
ment. I think this: that while it would be an
impeachment of northern honor to submit to it, it
would be no remedy in the mind of the South—
not a particle. You humiliate us,and do no good;
and I cannot be humiliated, even if it would do
good. I am willing to compromise anything but
honor. We stand on a point of honor, and that
I will never grant you.
1 ask the Senator from Massachusetts to read
a paragraph from a speech of the Senator from
Illinois, m confirmation of what 1 have said with
regard to the power of a constitutional convention,
because the idea that this remedy shall never be
altered I do not think means anything.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the paragraph
the Senator from Ohio has requested me to read
is this, in a speech of the Senator from Illinois:
" ff you had exhausted your ingenuity in devising a plan
for the expteds puipose of increasing the apprehensions and
inflaming the passions of the southern people, with the
view of timing them into involution and disunion, none
eonki have been contrived better calculated to accomplish
that object, than the offering of that one amendment to the
Constitution, and rejecting all others which are Infinitely
more important to the safety and domestic tranquillity of
the slaveholduig States."
Mr. WADE. I believe that doctrine is cor-
rect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is very true; but'take
the passages before and after that, and they will
give the whole point of it, and give it a different
application. I was arraigning them for going for
that, and not going for any other proposition. I
am for this and for the other. If I cannot get
them all in one, I will take them one at a time; but
those that are advocating this, on this side of the
Chamber, are advocating constitutional guaran-
tees. Besides, since then, that side of the Cham-
ber have abandoned the whole doctrine of inter-
ference in the Territories, and presented a very
different question.
Mr. WADE. I believe that doctrine is a very
sound doctrine; and I was about to enter upon it
as in furtherance of the reasons that impelled me
to vote against this resolution. In my judgment,
if you can carry this resolution of the House, as
I suppose you probably will, and submit it to the
States, you will keep up a constant agitation over
it during all the next election; you will call public
attention to it; you will keep up public excite-
ment. You can only allay excitement by permit-
ting the subject to drop, and not eternally keeping
it up. In my judgment, it is dangerous; it is in-
finitely worse than nothing, because it tends to an
eternal, continual agitation, and consequent irrita-
tion upon this subject.
Now, sir, 1 am about to leave this subject. I
did not intend to be half as tedious and long as I
have been, when I rose. I intended barely to re-
affirm the doctrine that I laid down at the opening
of this session, at a very early period. I have
seen no occasion to depart one inch from what I
said then, anywhere, I believe it was the true,
sound doctrine of the Constitution. I there treated
of this subject called coercion; and 1 will not en-
ter upon it again. * I believe I have laid it down
as it is justified by the Constitution and the laws.
This doctrine of secession, which I touched upon
then, appears more palpably absurd to me the
more I investigate it. Now, I will say to the great
Republican party: you are the only party in this
country who stand forth as the bold defenders of
the doctrines of the early fathers of the Constitu-
tion. There is no one but you that still upholds
the ark of the covenant of American liberty. All
other parties are in a conspiracy to strike it down
everywhere. Your strong arms and st<5ut hearts
are all that can bear it through in its integrity as
it was laid down by the fathers of the Constitu-
tion. We are the only party that assert the doc-
trines of the good old Declaration of Independ-
ence. Other parties have turned many of those
doctrines to ridicule; have trifled with them all,
undermining every principle of free Government
which they had erected for the defense of liberty,
and as a barrier against tyranny. Let us, then,
act like men having this mighty chaige. The eyes
of the world are upon us in this great controversy;
and the hopes of many nations now struggling for
freedom and the rights of man are looking with
intense interest to see how this great controversy
shall be decided. Their hopes are elevated or
depressed just as they find that this great Repub-
lican party is to triumph or to sink m the great
controversy in which it is engaged. I say again,
Senators, on you is the peril and the honor of car-
rying through the great doctrines of the fathers.
Live or die, sink or swim, I will stand by them
in their integrity and all their pristine glory.
THANKS TO THE VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to offer a resolution, and
ask unanimous consent for that purpose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 object to everything until
this joint resolution is disposed of.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator from Illinois will not
object when he knows the character of the reso-
lution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to hear it read
for information.
Mr. FOOT. It is the usual resolution of cour-
tesy to the Presiding Officer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There will be time enough
to do that; but when Senators are talking against
time 
Mr. LANE. It will not take a minute.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think it is fair for
those who are trying to prevent a vote, to get
