1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13§f
through resolutions by unanimous consent,, taking
up time. I shall not object, however, if it is a
matter of courtesy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The resolution of the Senator from
Vermont will be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due, and are
hereby tendered, to Hon. John c. Breckinridge, for the
able, dignified, and impartial manner in which he has dis-
charged the labouous duties of the chair during the tcim
of his presiding over tins body."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw the objection.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. Will my friend from Texas allow
me to ask a favor; perhaps it is the last favor I
shall ask of the Senate? I moved yesterday morn-
ing to take up a resolution relating to our own
organization, to fulfill a duty which we owe to the
clerks of the standing committees, which was
superseded by the privileged question raised by
the Senator from Massachusetts. I hope there
will be no objection to taking up that resolution
now.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
Mr. PUGH. Very well.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator from Texas
will permit me to make a short explanation ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I yield.
Mr, GW IN. i desire to make a short personal
explanation, as I am going out of the Senate, and
shall not be here many hours longer. In the run-
ning debate which took place here in regard to the
overland mail, there were some things said that
make it necessary for me to put it on record, that
I did not intentionally misrepresent my colleague
when I made a statement in answer to the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire. On the 18th of Feb-
ruary, my colleague made the following argument
in favor of the House amendment to the post route
bill with reference to the overland mail:
" Now, what is the argument against the amendments of
the House of Representatives? My colleague says that he
does not believe tins service can be carried under the
House amendment, over the central route, and the Com-
mittee on the Post Ofhce ami Post Roads of the Senate are
of his opinion; that they are not satisfied of this, and there-
fore they want a committee oi conference of the two
branches, to be satisfied of this fact. Sir, t ask, how on
earth is UongrebS ever to be satisfied that itcannot be done,
until the effort is made, as provided in the House airiend-X
monts to this bill ? Whom are you going to consult? Not a.
parcel of speculating contractor, who hang around your
galleries ; they are not the men who are alone to be con-
sulted m this matter. I know that responsible gentlemen
have stated to me that the service can be performed, and
that they w ill bid for it. I do not take their word for it.
(i Mr. Gwin. Who are they:
tC Mr. Latham. I am not here to be catechised.'*
I did not hear that remark of my colleague, or
I should have said something about it then; but
it is reported in the proceedings. As it is past, I
have nothing now to say in regard to that response
of his. On the 28th of February, the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] made the fol-
lowing statement:
"The House of Representatives sent here a proposition
to make a contract, at $800,000 a year, for a daily mail; and
1 have been besieged, day m and day out, assured that it
could be done for that; and when that bill came here, if [
am not mistaken, both the Senators from California were
in iavor of taking it up and passing it, on the ground that
we could get a daily service for $600,000 a year.*'
I am reported to have here interposed and said,
(which is corrcct,) "Oh, no. My colleague said
that; I never did." And then my colleague ex-
claimed': " He is mistaken about me. I never
said any such thins,."
So far as I am concerned, I was acting on what
my colleague had said before. 1 had never said
what the Senator from New Hampshire supposed,
but I thought my colleague had. Inasmuch as
these matters upon the record of the Senate,
and I may be supposed to have misrepresented
him, I will say that I was merely alluding to what
had occurred before, whan he said gentlemen
had told him that the mail could be carried for
$800,000 a year.
Mr. LATHAM. When my colleague com-
menced his personal explanation, I was asleep upon
the lounge, and therefore did not hear what he
first said. I am indebted to the kindness of the
Senator from Massachusetts in beingpermitted to
hear the latter portion of his remarks. In relation
to the eontioversy which occurred a few days
% since, between the Senator from New Hampshire
and myself, the record wilishowthat the statement
I then made to him was correct, to wit: that I
never did say that I believed that the entire mail
could be carried for $800,000 on the central route.
When I made the statement which has been used
by my colleague, the bill then pending left the
Butterfield line untouched, for which the Govern-
ment was paying $600,000 per annum, and which,
running semi-weekly, would have carried from
two to three thousand pounds of letter matter per
week; and while it continued I had no doubt there
were persons, as I then said, who would bid for
the central route for the sum of $800,000; at least
I had been so informed.
As to their performance of the contract, I stated
to the Senator from New Hampshire, when asked
by him—it is true, not in public debate—I could
not vouch, because I was unacquainted with the
staging business. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, in his opposition to Senator Wilson's
amendment to consolidate the Butterfield and cen-
tral lines, at an expense of $1,000,000, sought to
reduce the sum even below a million dollars, by
representing that I had stated it could be done for
$800,000. I answered him as I did: that I had
made no such statement; because he ignored en-
tirely the fact that the Butterfield line was, by-
Senator Wilson's amendment, to be abolished,
which would have carried a portion of the mail
mutter, as I have before stated.
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to deny that that
is what my colleague said; but in stating to the
Senator from New Hampshire what my colleague
said 
Mr. LATHAM. Allow me. In stating in
the debate upon the post route that the service on
the central route could be done for $800,000, the
Butterfield line being continued, I never said
(because I never so believed) it could be done
unless you gave the contractors the privilege of
sending the printed matter by steamship.
Mr. GWIN. I only wanted to call the atten-
tion to the fact, that when I remarked, " my col-
league said that; I never did," and my colleague
said, " he is mistaken about me; I never said arty
such thing," 1 made my statement because of the
previous statement which I understood him to
make, that responsible parties would take the
contract for $800,000. I only desired to show
that I had not made my statement without some
responsible basis for it, at least.-
STATE OF THE UNION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 80) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole; and
the Senator from Texas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I think I
can say with truth, that this is positively my last
appearance on these boards. I would have made
that pledge last night, but it is said that a certain
place not mentionahle to ears polite is filled with
good intentions. I trust that the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] will have this sin placed on his
shoulders, not on mine. I was utterly astonished
to see the Senator rise here and charge upon the
Democratic party the offense, and he seemed so
to regard it, of containing all the elements of se-
cession, disruption of the Union, rebellion, resist-
ance to the Government, &c. Why, sir, the
Senator from Ohio himself, in the State of Maine,
in the year 1855, is reported to have used this
language:
f u There was no freedom at the South for either white or
black. He would strive to protect the iree soil of the
North from the same blighting curse. There was really no
union now between the North and the South. He believed
that no two nations upon the eartli entertained feelings of
more bitter rancor toward* each other than these two sec-
tions of the Republic. The only talvatiou of the Union,
therefore, was to be found in divesting it entirely from all
taint of slavery. There was no union with the South. Let
us have a Union, said he, or let us sweep away this rem-
nant which we call a Union. I go for a Union where all
men are equal, or for no Union at all. I go for right."
If that is not tolerably strong secession and
disunion sentiment, I am suffering under the in-
ability to understand the meaning of the English
language.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator if he does not
believe that every word of it is true ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I answer with all frankness
that I do, so far as the irrepressible conflict be-
tween the two sections is to be considered; and
hcnce it is that I am now, and have for a long
time past, been utterly opp'osed to quack .med-
icines. , .':.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will let me, I
propose to say here, what I have frequently said,
that I believe that speech of mine was not reported
by a regular reporter; and I never supposed that
the person who did report it took it down right
at the time. The language was modified from
what it is there, I think. 1 have always held sol
I think it is a little different from what I spoke,
Mr. WIGFALL. I never have seen any de-
nial of the Senator. I recollect, in the canvass
of 1856, having used it very frequently in speeches
in my own State, and supposing that Cluskey's
text-book had everything in it which anybody
wanted to have, I sent for the text-book; and
looking under the title of " Abolitionists and Re-
publicans," I found the very sentence which I
was looking for. That is all I know about it.
Mr. WADE. It was so reported; but the first
time I ever knew it was so reported, I stated what
I have said now, that I did not think it was cor-
rectly reported. I do not think so now; arid I
stated so to Mr. Clay, of Alabama, here, on one
occasion.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator was certainly
so understood in Maine, and he was so reported
in the Boston Atlas. That is the paper from which
th'is extract is taken. From 1855 to 1861, the Sen-
ator has been so understood throughout the entire
limits of the southern country. Under these cirr
£umstances,it did strike me as a little singular that
the Senatorshould have risen here and denounced,
with some degree of acrimony and bitterness, dis-
union sentiments, and complained that we had
produced the whole difficulty. Now, sir, a gross
injustice has been done that Senator by the party
which he so ably, and I wilt add so faithfully,
represents upon this floor. He is, in fact, the real
author of the irrepressible-conflict doctrine. The
Senator from New York, in 1858, dressed the idea
in that phraseology, and got the credit for it. In
I860, it was understood that one Abraham Lin-
coln was the author; and persons in the northern
States and in the Republican party not being so
well informed, nor having so closely scrutinized
their writings and speakings as we further south
have done, were ignorant of the fact that there
wasa double plagiarism—firstby the distinguished
Senator from New York, who copied it from the
Seoator from Illinois; but the Senator from Illi-
nois had stolen the thunder of the Senator from
Ohio. He is the real irrepressible conflict man;
the genuine bona fide sarsaparilla Dr. Townsend.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. You do not mean " the Sen-
ator from Illinois," but Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Presidentelect; he was
not the Senator; no, he was not elected to the
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the only correction
I want made. [Laughter.]
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly, I am glad to
have made it. I did not allude to you, of course;
I was speaking of Abraham. [Laughter.] Now,
sir, the Senator from Ohio has paid me the com-
pliment of saying that I am the only physician
who has discovered the disease under which the
body-politic is suffering. I feel flattered by the
compliment, and will not deny the soft impeach-
ment. [Laughter.] I have been for some time
laboring under that impression. I think that
bread pills will not cure; and that in this case,
after death has literally come, the doctor and some
of those who are now officiating are the very in-
dividuals who have produced death. That 1 be-
lieve further to be true. If there is, Mr. Presi-
dent, any class of men in this country who are
more responsible for the present disruption of this
Union than another class, it is that class of men
who are called " Union-savers." They have been
dealing with people as though the people had no
sense; they have been getting up their quack
medicines; they have been compromising, and
couching their compromises in language which
was not intended to be understood. They have
made compromises and platforms which may be
construed one way at the North and another way
at the South; and while they have kept the word
of promise to the ear, they have invariably broken
it to the hope. There ought to have been no irre-
pressible conflict in our Government between slave
labor and hireling labor, between the free white
States and the free negro States. Senators have
