438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
time. We should have had more time for a set-
tlement of these difficulties.
The remedy, if remedy there be, is in concilia-
tion. Read, if you please, your writers upon the
subject of national law, and they universally con-
cur in the idea that the true and proper mode of
putting down civil war is to grant to the people
what they ask. And what has the South asked
which should not be granted? She has never
come into the Congress of the United States and
asked for the passage of a law favoring and estab-
lishing slavery upon any portion of the continent.
She has only asked that all the rights we have
shall be protected by the Government. We do
not get rights from this Government. We have
them over and above the Government. The Gov-
ernment docs not crcate rights, but only protects
them. Governments are established to protect
, rights; and we only ask that Congress shall pass
laws to protect rights which we already possess
If this matter is to be settled—and possibly it yet
may be—it must be done by a concession. And
what do you yield ? What do our northern friends
yield? Nothing; absolutely nothing. They will
have the same rights in the Territories which
we will have. The feeling all over the South is,
" equality in the Union, or independence out of
it." That is the watchword. That is the feeling
of our people of all sections, so far as my inform-
ation extends.
My constituents have not been, nor have I
been, for secession. We have hoped for safety
in the Union; and have desired that all means to
effect that end shall be exhausted before a resort is
had to disunion. But while we waited for your
returning sense of justice towards us, disunion
has overtaken us; four, and perhaps five, States
have seccdcd; and the forts and arsenals, from
North Carolina to the Rio Grande, are nearly all
in possession of the seceding States. We can be
content with no adjustment that will not unite
the South with us. The southern States have a
common interest and a common destiny.
You censure the southern States for their pre-
cipitancy. Upon this subject we of the border
slave States have more reason to complain than
you. They and we have told you for years, in
the most solemn manner, that we could not sub-
mit to your aggressions, and entreated you to for-
bear; yet you have not heeded, but have insulted
us and told us that it was with us mere boastful-
ness.
You complain that the seceding States have
seized the forts and other public property. These
forts were permitted to be erected in these States
for their defense, and the arms that have been
taken were placed there for the same purpose.
The Federal Government has no right to use this
property for any other purpose. And whenever
the people who had granted the sites of the forts
for their defense discovered that they were to be
used for the opposite purpose—of an attack upon
them—it was not only just, but wise, for them to
sec that they were used for their defense, the le-
gitimate purpose for which they were erected.
You complain that Florida and other States were
purchased and paid for, and that they cannot,
therefore, secede. Gentlemen are surely for reviv-
ing the doctrines of the dark ages of the common
law, by which they would make the inhabitants of
the purchased territory villains in gross; attached
to the freehold, and bought and sold with it. Flor-
ida cost $5,000,000. EvcryStatcoftheold thirteen
was_purchased. They cost the blood of the Rev-
olution—a price greatly above that paid for our
subsequent acquisitions. In all the treaties ac-
quiring territory, we have stipulated for then-
admission as Slates upon terms of equality with
the original Suites. Tins fact at once answers
this objection. The States,new and old, arc equal
in rights in every particular.
You could have quieted the country, and re-
stored peace and prosperity, at no sacrifice but
the yielding of your prejudices. Wc cannot, with-
out ruin and dishonor, in the language of a dis-
tinguished southerner:
a We m.iy tor a generation enjoy comparative case,
gather up our feet m mil buds, ami die in peaco; bat, out
children will go forth beggared from the hornet of their
fathers. Fishermen will east their nets where your proud
commercial navy now rides at anchor, and dry them upon
the shore now covcrcd with your bales of merchandise.
Sapped, circumvented, undeimmed, the institutions of
your soil will be overthrown ; and within live and twenty
years the histoiy of St. Domingo will be the record of the
South. If dead men's bones ..an tremble, ours will move
under the muttered curses of sons and daughters, denounc-
ing the blindness and love of ease which have left them an
inheritance of woe."
This calamity we will avert; peaceably if we
can, forcibly if we must.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Messrs. SICKLES and ASHLEY next ad-
dressed the committee on the existing condition
of the country. [Their speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The hour is late,
the committee is wearied, and I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to give way to a motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. GROW. I understand that the agreement
yesterday was, that all general debate upon the
Army bill should close to-day, when the commit-
tee should rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
such was the nndcrstanding.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Inasmuch as the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has the right of an hour to reply, I trust that, by
unanimous consent, my colleague shall be allowed
toprowed in the morning.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
yesterday it was agreed, by general consent, that
general debate should cease upon the bill to-day.
Mr. GROW. 1 shall object to any change of
the agreement while the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is absent.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio objected to?
Mr. GROW. If the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were here, I would leave
the matter to him; but as he is absent, I must ob-
ject to any change.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to make a sugges-
tion to both sides of the House. Inasmuch as
next week the report of the committee of thirty-
three is made the special order, and will be open
to debate then, it is desirable to have this Army
bill disposed of to-morrow, so that it maybe sent
to the Senate before wc get into that discussion
of next week.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to continuing
this debate to-day as Ions as the committee desire.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The committee
can consent that my colleague may go on to-mor-
row.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to any change of the understand-
ing of yesterday.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal to him to
withdiaw his objection.
Mr. GROW. I must insist upon my objection,
since the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means is not present.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We shall have an
abundance of time to-morrow.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Why not go on this evening?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now, as the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
just come in, I make another appeal to allow my
colleague to go on to-morrow, and then, if the
committee wish to proceed to-night with other
speeches, I shall not object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that arrangement
for to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand there are quite
a number of gentlemen who desire to speak to-
night.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must object to
going on to-night without a quorum, unless my
colleague shall be permuted to have the floor to-
morrow morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to my
colleague speaking to-morrow, or at any other
time. I do not want to be placed in the position
of objecting.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the objection is
insisted on by any one, I shall insist that debate
shall not proceed to-night without a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio insist upon the motion that the committee
rise ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do.
Mr. VANDEVER. It was understood yester-
day that discussion on the Army bill should close
to-day, with the exception that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means should have
an hour. I see no good reason for changing the
arrangement which was made yesterday.
Mr. PERRY. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that if he does not desire to proceed
to-night, I have a few remarks I desire to sub-
mit, and I am prepared to go on to-night.
Mr. PENDLETON. W ith the permission of
my colleague, I will resume the floor, as I do not
see that the object he has sought to accomplish is
likely to be attained. I do not desire to detain
the committee at a time when they are worn out;
butif it is their will that I should go on to-night,
I will do so, rather than lose the opportuuity of
speaking.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understand
that several gentlemen are willing, and prefer to
go on with their'speeches to-night. The gentle-
man from Ohio does not desire to do so until to-
morrow. If the gentleman is compelled to pro-
ceed to-night, is it the understanding upon the
part of the committee that debate upon this bill
shall terminate to-night? If not, it is hardly
worth while to compcl the gentleman to proceed
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The understanding in the
committee yesterday was, that general debateupon
the Army bill should be closed at the rising of the
committee to-day.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to make an appeal to
my friends upon this side of the House. The
gentleman from Ohio has always been courteous
to our side of the House, and I think it is no
moie than just to reciprocate that courtesy. If he
desires to speak to-morrow, the chairman of the
committee will have the opportunity to respond,
and there will be one speech on each side. Let
that be understood; then, if other gentlemen de-
sire to proceed to-night, they can do so.
Mr. JENKINS. Is it the understanding that
no business will be transacted this evening?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
there was no such understanding.
Mr. JENKINS. I hope there will be such an
understanding, so that members may not be
obliged to lemain here.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If there is an un-
doistaiuhng that no business shall be transacted,
I presume this debate can go on this evening in-
definitely.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Ohio having the floor in com-
mittee to-morrow morning?
No objection was made; and Mr. Pendleton
yielded the floor for to-night.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak
for New England and the Union. I am a citizen of
the United States, and to its Government I owe
allegiance. While I am proud to acknowledge
this, I cannot forget that I am a son of New Eng-
land; that I was born and reared among the hills
that circle her happy homes. I love the Union,
but I love New England none the less for this; it
is a part of my country, and as such has added to
her past glory and renown.
I am not unmindful of the fact, that the land of
the Pilgrims has for many years been made the
point of attack from her sister States in this Con-
federacy. She has been accused of treason, fanat-
icism, and disloyalty to the Union and Constitu-
tion.
And now, when treason and rebellion are stalk-
ing abroad through the land; when men are turn-
ing to each other and anxiously inquiring for
some plan, some scheme, or compromise, that
will avert and drive back the storm, but few among
the Union-savers inquire after New England, or
consult her Representatives as to the terms of set-
tlement to be agreed upon.
"Slough her off" seems to be a favorite idea
with certain gentlemen on both sides of Mason
and Dixon's line. We hear much said about a
southern confederacy,a great central confederacy,
and a Northwestern confederacy; while a com-
mon idea seems to take possession of the minds
of all these political schemers that New England
shall be left out in the cold. When gentlemen sit
down to cut and carve up this great and glorious
Union into petty, contemptible confederacies, they
draw their lines and mark their boundaries with
a view to the utter exclusion of the six North-
eastern States. More especially do our southern
brethren, when speaking of "Yankee land,J,put
on lordly airs of derision and contempt, while
they disclaim all desire any longer to maintain
