1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
a cant, short way of talking of the slave States.
There are no slave States; there are some States
in which negroes are held as slaves,and in which
white men are held as freemen; some States in
which negroes black boots and white men do not
drive carnages. There are other States in which
white men black boots and wear liveries, not the
enure class, not the respectable class, not the
farming class of the country, not the bone and
sinew of the country, but those States may, with
propriety, be called the hireling States of the
Union; the others, the slave States if you please;
or, as in some of the States, negroes are slaves
and white men are free, and in others negroes are ,
free and white men perform menial services, I
suppose the better application would be " the free
white States" and the "free negro States." So
much for that.
I desire to pour oil on the waters, to produce
harmony, peace, and quiet here. It is early in the
morning, and 1 hopel shall not say anything that
may be construed as offensive. I rise merely that
we may have an understanding of this question.
It is not slavery in the Territories, it is not ex-
pansion, which is the difficulty. If the resolution
which the Senator from Wisconsin introduced
here, denying the right of secession, had been
adopted by two thirds of each branch of this de-
partmentof theGoveinment,and had been ratified
by three fourths of the States, I have no hesita-
tion in saying that, so far as the State in which I
live and to which 1 owe my allegiance is con-
cerned, if she had no other cause for a disruption
of the Union taking place, she would undoubtedly
have gone out. The moment you deny the right
of self-government to the free white men of the
South, they will leave the Government. They
believe in the Declaration of Independence. They
believe that—
"Governments are instituted among men, deriving their
just powers from the consent ol the governed; that, when-
ever any torm ol government becomes destructive oi'th<\«.e
ends, it is. the i ight ot' the people to alter oi to abolish it,
and to institute a new Government, laying it-* foundation
on fc-uch principles and otgamztng its powers m such tbim
us to them shall seem moat likely to ettect their batoiy and
happiness."
That principle of the Declaration of Independ-
ence is the one upon which the free white men of
the South predicated their devotion to the present
Constitution of the United States; and it was the
denial of that, as much as anything else, that fens
created the dissatisfaction in that section of the
country. There is no instrument of writing Lhat
has ever been written that has been more misap-
prehended and misunderstood and misiepresented
than this same unfortunate Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and no set of gentlemen have ever been
so slandered as the fathers Who drew and signed
that declaration. If there was a thing on earth
that they did not intend to assert, it was that a
negro was a white man. As I said here a short
time ago, one of the greatest charges they made
against the British Government was, that old King
George was attempting to establish the fact prac-
tically that aii men were created free and equal.
They charged him in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence with exciting thceir slaves to insurrec-
tion. That is one of the grounds upon which they
threw off their allegiance to the Biitish Parlia-
ment. Another great misapprehension is, that
the men who drafted that Declaration of Inde-
pendence had any peculiar fancy for one form of
government rather than another. They were not
fighting to establish a democracy in this country;
they were not fighting to establish a republican
form of governmentin tins country. Nothing was
further from their intention. Alexander Hamil-
ton, after he had fought for seven year*, declared
that the British form of government was the best
that the ingenuity of man had ever devised; and
when John Adams said to him," without its cor-
ruptions;" " why," said he, 4 6 its corruptions are
its greatest excellence; without the corruptions, it
would be nothing." In the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, they speak of George III after this fash-
ion. They say:
*'A prince whose character is thus marked by every act
which may define a tyiums is unfit to bu the lulei ot a free i
pvople.5' |
Now,I ask any plain common sense man what \
was the meaning of that' Was it that they were j
opposed to a monarchical form of government? !
Was it that they believed a monarchical form of
government was incompatible with civil liberty5 I
No, sir; they entertained no such absurd idea.
Not one of them entertained it; but they say that
George III was a prince whose character was
" marked byeveryactwhichmaydefine a tyrant,"
and that therefore he was " unfit to be the ruler
of a free people." Had his character not been
so marked by every quality which would define
a tyrant, he mighthave been the fit ruler of a free
people; ergo, a monarchical form of government
was not incompatible with civil liberty. That
was clearly the opinion of those men. I do not
advocate it now; for I have said frequently that
we are wiser than our fathers, and our children
will be wiser than wc are. One hundred years
hence,men will understand their own affairs much
better than we do. We understand onr affairs
better than those who preceded us one hundred
years. But what I assert is, that the men of the
Revolution did not believe that a monarchical form
of government was incompatible with civil lib-
erty. What I assert is, that when they spoke of
"all men being created equal," they were speak-
ing of the white men who then had unsheathed
their swords—for what purpose? To establish
the right of self-government in themselves; and
when they had achieved that, they established,
not democracies, but republican forms of govern-
ment in the thirteen sovereign, separate, and in-
dependent colonies. Yet the Declaration of Inde-
pendence is constantly quoted to prove negro
equality. Itproves no such thing; itwasmtended
to prove no such thing. The " "littering gener-
alities" which a distinguished former Senator
from Massachusetts (Mr. Choate) spoke of as
contained in the Declaration of Independence, one
of them at least—about all men being created
equal—was not original with Mr. Jefferson. I
recollect seeing a pamphlet called the Principles
of the Whigs and Jacobites, published about the
year 1745, when the last of the Stuarts, called "the
Pretender," was striking a blow that was fatal to
himself, but a blow for his crown,in which pam-
phlet the very phraseology is used word for word,
and letter for letter. I have not got it here to-night.
I sent the other day to the library to try and find
it, but could not find it; it was burnt, i believe,
with the pamphlets that were burnt some time
ago. That Mr. Jefferson copied it or plagiarized
it, is not true, I suppose, any more than the charge,
that the distinguished Senator from New York
plagiarized from the Federalist in preparing his
celebrated compromising speech which was made
here a short time ago. it was the cant phrase of
the day in 1745, which was only about thiity
years pieviousto the Declaiation ot Independence.
This particular pamphlet, which I have read, was
published ; others wen; published at the same time.
That sort of phraseology was used Thf>rc was
a war of classes in England; there wore men who
were contending for legitimacy; who were con-
tending for the right of the Crown beingmherent,
and depending on thewiil of God," the divine right
of kings," for maintaining a hereditary landed
aristocracy; there was another party who were
con tending against this doctrine of legitimacy, and
the right of primogeniture. These were called
the Whigs; they established this general phrase-
ology in denouncing the divine rightand the doc-
trine of legitimacy, and it became the common
phraseology of the country no that in the obscure
county of Mecklenburg, in North Carolina, a dec-
laration containing the same assertions was found
asm this celebrated Declaration of Independence,
written by the immortal Jefferson. Which of us,
I ask, is there upon this floor who has not read
and reread whatever was written within the last
twenty-five or thirty years by the distinguished
men of this country? But enough of that.
The Senator from Ohio says, very justly, that
these matters cannot be compromised in this way.
The Senator from New York, twelve years ago,
declared that it was the duty of the people of the
North to abolish slavery; he then said they must
teach hatred of it in their schools, and preach it
m their pulpits; they must teach their people to
hate slavery. He hasaccomplished that;and they
now not only hate slavery, but they hate slave-
holders. As I said before, there ought not to
have been, and there did not necessarily result
from our form of government, any irrepressible
conflict between the slaveholdmg and the non-
slaveholding States. Nothing of the sort was ne-
cessary, Strike out a single clause in the Con-
stitution of the United States, that which secures
to each State a republican form of government,
and there is no reason why, under precisely such
a Constitution as we have, States that are mo-
narchical and States thatare republican, eoufd not
live in neace and quiet. They confederate to-
gether for common defense and general welfare,
each State regulating its domestic concerns in its
own way; those which prefeired a republican
form of government maintaining it, and those
which preferred a monarchical form of government
maintaining it. But how long could small States,
with different forms of government, live together,
confederated for common defense and general
welfare, if the people of one section were to come
to theconclusion that their institutions were better
than those of the other, and thereupon straight-
way set about subverting the institutions of the
other?
That the people of the North shall consider
themselves as more blessed than we, more civil-
ised, and happier, is not a matter at which we
would complain at all, if they would only content
themselves with believing that to be the fact; but
when they come and attempt to propagandize, and
insist that we shall be as perfect as they imagine
themselves to be, then it is that their good opin-
ion of themselves becomes offensive to us. Let
my neighbor believe that his wife is an angel and
his children cherubs, I care not, though 1 may
know he is mistaken; but when he comes imper-
tinently poking his nose into my door every morn-
ing, and telling me that my wife is a shrew and
my child i en brats, then the neighborhood becomes
uncomfortable, and if I cannot remove him, I will
remove myself; and if he says to me, " you shall
not move, but you shall stay here, and you shall,
day after day, hear the demerits of your wife and
children discussed," then I begin to feel a little
restive, and possibly might assert that great ori-
ginal right of pursuing whatever may conduce to
my happiness, though it might be kicking him
out of my door. If New England would only be
contentwith the blessings which she imagines she
has, we would not disturb her m her happiness;
but she insists, with that puritanical 
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question? When he has said that the Sen-
ator from Ohio was responsible for all this doc-
trine, 1 ask why charge New England? I ask
whether it is kind to give the Senator from Ohio
all the credit for this matter, and then charge it on
New England? [Laughter.]
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly: I will explain it
easily enough. You know the leader of your
party, the Senator from New York, said a short
time ag6,and it is true, 1 believe, that the"Mas-
saebusetts school of politics" has spread: and so
far as Ohio is concerned, 1 believe that the State
from which the Senator who last interrupted me
comes, Connecticut, is responsible for the politics
of Ohio. I have heard something about "the
Connecticut Reserve" in Ohio; and that, I believe,
has been the hot-bed of all the fanaticism of that
country. Themeieexpression of "the niepressi-
blo conflict" was ciedited first to Mr. Lincoln, and
then to Mr. Src ward, and then to the Senator from
Ohio; but this doctrine of perfectibility m the people
of the free States is of New England ongm. It
began before your Revolution; long before that.
It began when Charles lost his throne. 1 think it
began before his time. Old John Knox started ita
and then itgotdown into England. They helped
Cromwell to cut off their King's head. After
that, better than even the Puritans, they were called
Independents; then they were called fifth-mon-
archy men; and then Cromwell had to run them
out of England; and then they went over into
Holland, and the Dutch let them alone, but would
not let them persecute any body else; and then they
got on that ill-fated ship called the Mayflower,
and lauded on Plymouth Rock. [Laughter.] And
from that time to this they have been kicking up
a dust generally, and making a muss whenever
they could put thuirfingers m the pie. [Laughter.]
They confederated with the other States in order
to save themselves from the power of old King
George III; and no sooner had they got rid of him,
than they turned in to persecuting their neighbors.
Having got nd of the Indians, and witches, and
Baptists, and Quakers in their country; after sell-
ing us our negroes for the love of gold, thev began
stealing them back for the love of God. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the history as well as I under-
stand it. *
