1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and absurd. They contend that they not only
have aright to secede from the Union, but they
claim it shall be a peaceful right. The only logic
to sustain this position is found in the assumption
that "necessity makes law."
But it is no part of my purpose to argue the
constitutional right of secession. The whole the-
ory is a modern invention—a political heresy, re-
pudiated and condemned by along line of eminent
jurists and statesmen.
Secession is rebellion and revolution. No fine-
spun theories or abstractions can ever change the
fact. Again: the statesman who denies the right
of secession and at the same time contends there
is no remedy against it, stands upon equally un-
tenable grounds. An observance of the laws im-
plies force, for one cannot exist without the other.
The seizure of the United States arsenal at Charles-
ton by an unlawful armed force, was just as much
treason as was the attempt of John Brown to do
the same thing at Harper's Ferry. There is but
one tenable ground upon which the secessionists
can base their attempts at secession, and that is
to fall back upon the right of revolution; and by
this rule will they be judged by posterity.
Mr. Chairman, the North has another demand
made upon it for concessions and new " compro-
mises." The laws of Congress have been sctat
defiance; our arsenals have been plundered; our
forts wrested from us by violence, and our own
guns turned upon American citizens, peacefully
sailing under the American flag. Under these
circumstances, New England and the North are
called upon to concede, to give up, to surrender.
As to overtures for peace, I can only judge of
them when they come up for action. I reserve to
myself the right to vote for or against any bill
that may find its way into this House. There
are, however, certain principles which will gov-
ern my action in all these matters. I never will
vote for any bill, or amendment of the Constitu-
tion, which will, by implication, either directly or
indirectly, or otherwise, extend shivery over a
single foot of free territory, or that will sanction
or establish itin anyof the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. Those issues have been squarely and
understandingly submitted to the American peo-
ple, and they have passed judgment upon them,
and by no act of mine shall that solemn decision
be reversed. I will vote for no amendments to the
Constitution which yvill "convey the idea" that
that sacred instrument" creates property in man."
Mr. Madison thought such an ** idea" ought, not
to be incorporated into it; and I have no ambition
to set up my opinion against his. With the Gov-
ernor of my State, I believe it right that the per-
sonal liberty bills of the several States should be
examined, and if found in conflict with the Con-
stitution, they should be either modified or re-
pealed. As an offset to this, 1 would have the
fugitive slave law so modified as to secure to the
fugitive a jury trial.
While 1 would leave each State to the free and
full enjoyment of its own domestic institutions,
and give them adequate remedies against invasion
or lawless mobs coming from other States, I
would demand and have full and complete pro-
tection for citizens from the free States, when
traveling in the slave States.
Southern gentlemen complain of us because we
fail to turnout and catch their runaway negroes,
and for this wotfld break up the Union; yet, at
the same time, they suffer our own citizens—the
white meji of the North—who have never com-
mitted any offense against any of their laws or
regulations, while peaceably traveling m their
States, to be seized on mere suspicion by armed
mobs, and murdered in cool blood. Others are
whipped, have their heads shaved, are tarred and
feathered; while there is no insult that can be
invented by lawless violence that is not practiced
upon them. Should an American citizen be thus
treated abroad, it would be a cause for immediate
war. These outrages are common occurrences;
and I have yet to learn that the civil authorities
in these States have ever, in a'single instance,
■made any attempts to enforce the laws against
the villains who are guilty of these atrocities.
The freemen of New England want no " Union
which consigns their own citizens to the demon-
like fury of an infuriated mob.
To our brethren in the slave States who are sin-
cerely laboring to save the Union, I would extend
the olive branch of peace. To them I would make
any reasonable concessions that would not involve
a sacrifice of principle or be construed into an
abandonment of the doctrines of the Chicago plat-
form. To the rebels in the cotton States, who are
preaching and practicing treason, who are tramp-
ling the national flag in the dust, who are seizing
our forts and stealing our arms, I have no com-
promises to offer. They ask for none, and I
would offer none. So long as they stand with
arms in their hands-, so long as they stand point-
ing their weapons of death at American citizens;
so long as they forcibly resist the laws of our
common country, my voice is for war. That
Government which negotiates with traitors or
surrenders to armed rebels, deserves the contempt
of the whole civilized world.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to make a suggestion
or two, of a practical nature, and I have done. I
am not among the number who believe our Gov-
ernment a weak Government. The powers dele-
gated to it under the Constitution clothe it with
sufficient authority and power to protect itself
against foes without and foes within. The pres-
ent perilous condition of the country has not arisen
from any inherent defects in our Government to
execute its own powers and functions; but from
the vacillating, timid, truckling, treasonable con-
duct of those charged with the execution of the
laws. What can we expect, when the President
of the United States retains openly avowed dis-
unionists in his Cabinet for bis constitutional ad-
visers; when he makes agreements with men that
he knows are plotting the overthrow of the Gov-
ernment, that he will not place the forts belong-
ing to the Union in a state of defense? What can
we expect, when the Chief Magistrate of this great
nation sits down to parley with men in open re-
bellion against the laws and against the Govern-
ment? 1 answer, just such a state of affairs as
now exists.
In almost every speech that has been made in
Congress by the disunionists, at the present ses-
sion, we have had strong and earnest appeals made
to the friends of the Union to allow the seceding
States to go out in peace. While the Represent-
atives of the cotton States have been engaged at
the Capitol in crying peace, peace, their constit-
uents at home have been sounding the tocsin of
war. The property of the Government, which
they have bought and paid for, has been seized;
our forts, arsenals, and munitions of war have been
taken furcibly from the hands of our own officers;
American guns have been turned upon American
citizens; and the great highway of the Mississippi
blocked up by armed mobs. Men may cry peace;
but there is no peace. And shall we sit here under
the syren song of peace until revolution and rebel-
lion has done its work ? Shall we be lulled into
a false security until the guns of the enemy are
thundering at the gates of the Capitol?
We are now dealing with stern realities, and
not with imaginary evils. We are told we have
no constitutional right to make war upon a sov-
ereign State ? In the name of fairness, I ask who
has done it? Who fired the first gun m Charles-
ton harbor—the Government or those who are
acting to overthrow it ? The grave question forces
itself upon us, what shall be done when a State
makes war upon the Government ? Can the vio-
lators of the law—the men who are making war
upon the Government—when called upon to an-
swer for their offenses, hide themselves behind
the specious plea of State sovereignty •' These
are questions that must be settled—not theoreti-
cally, but practically.
While I would exhaust every constitutional
remedy for the sake of peace, it is my fixed and
settled opinion that the laws must be firmly ex-
ecuted under the Constitution. The President
has no discretionary power in this matter, and it
is the-duty of Congress to come to his support,
and use all constitutional means to aid him in the
discharge of this duty. It is equally the duty of
the President, and of Congress within the scope
of its constitutional authority, to protect the prop-
erty of the United States against foreign aggres-
sion and domestic violence.
Entertaining these opinions, 1 would have the
President collect the revenues in every southern
port, and every other port in the Union, peace-
ably if he can, forcibly if lie must. More than
this, I would have him maintain the national flag
at every hazard, over every fortification, arsenal,
dock-yard and navy-yard in the Union. If, in the
discharge of this duty, lie is met by force, then I
would place at his command the Army and Navy
and purse of the nation. Sir, this_ Union must
and shall be preserved. The experiment of self-
government is not yet exhausted. It would be a
shame, an everlasting reproach to the American
name, to allow it to be destroyed by the hand of
domestic violence. Every citizen of this vast
Republic has a direct interest in its preservation.
To say that this great, this mighty and powerful
Republic has no power to perpetuate its own ex-
istence, to protect its property and citizens, is to
manifest a weakness of which we never have
been suspected at home or abroad. The great
heart of the American people beats responsive to
the preservation of the union* Madness may
rule the passing hour, yet reason will ere long re-
turn and resume it wonted sway. Men, frenzied
with an unhealthy excitement, may raise the
hand of violence against the best Government the
world ever saw; but the hallucination will pass
away, and they will then wonder at their own
folly. Gloom may hang over us like a dark por-
tentous cloud; the deep shadows of night may
gather around our dwellings at noonday; yet, in
a little while, the thunder ceases its loud roar,
the clouds flit away before the splendor of a me-
ridian sun, the, rainbow of promise again spans
the political heavens, and the angel of peace again
spreads his dewy wings over a happy land.
Mr. HUTCHINS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly a bill making appropriations for the sup- ,
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1862, apd had come to no conclusion thereon.
EBEN ADAMS.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill of the House (No. 833) for the relief of Eben
Adams, and that the same be put upon its pas-
sage. It is a verysmall matter, and I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have remained here for
the very purpose of seeing that no business was
transacted in so thin a House. There is no quorum
present.
Mr. DUELL. Certainly the gentleman will
allow the bill to be read ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I object, upon principle, to
transacting business, and especially to passing
bills, without a quorum of the House.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the gentleman to consent
that the bill be taken up, and then be allowed to
go over until to-morrow morning, when there will
be a quorum present.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will say that I have re-
mained here by special request to watch this very
kind of legislation. If somebody does not do
that, business will be done without a quorum.
M r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Perhaps the
gentleman will hear the bill read.
Mr. NIIiLACK. I have no objection to that.
The bill which, was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay Eben Adams, of the State
of New York, §344 16, in full for extra services
performcd'by him on mail route No. 1391, from
the 1st of July, 1857, up to the 1st of June, 1860.
Mr. DUELL. It is a very just claim. 1 ask
that the report may be read.
Mr. NIBLACK. Read it.
The report, which was read, shows that the pe-
titioner became the contractor upon mail route
number 1391 (New York) on the 1st day of July,
1857, for the yearly compensation of $590, and
that lie has performed the service up to this time.
It further appears that the schedule for said route,
as advertised by the Postmaster Goneral, was to
leave Cortland Village daily for Pitcher, and to
leave Pitcher for Cortland Village'only three times
per week; that he was the contractor prior
1857, and he then, under his contract, carried said
mail six times per week from Pitcher to Cortland;
ihftt after July 1, 1857, at the urgent request of
the inhabitants on the said route, he conveyed
said mail six times per week from Pitcher to Con"
land, a distance of twenty miles, and has on those
