1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
for them that the propositions of the Senator from
Kentucky were fair, were just to the people of the
South, and to my own State among that number;
and it is but honest that I should say now in pre-
senting this amendment, that I consider these
propositions a thousand fathoms beneath the prop-
ositions of the Senator from Kentucky.
It is in that condition that I offer this amend-
ment. I hope Senators will have the courage and
the nerve, if they have faith in and regard for their
constituents, to whom they have taught their doc-
trines heretofore^ to adhere to them and stick to
them now; and while they will vote against this
amendment, I will stand by them also and vote
against it, as one pferson who for fourteen years
has represented hisStateinoneortheotherbranch
of this Congress. In saying tins, I say it as the
lust act of my political life, and it is one upon
which I put my faith, and on which I would put
the last hope I have on earth. I know from the
bottom of my soul thai I am not averse to the
continuation and the preservation of the present
Union of States, which I have always considered
sanctifies the continent of North America to peace
and to prosperity forever, i feel from the bottom
of my heart that whenever it shall be divided, it
will be given up, from petty causes, and from petty
irritations and misapprehensions, to the contin-
gencies of war and the contingencies of blood and
disaster, which have followed the divisions and
separations of every other continent in the whole
wide world.
Then, Mr. President, I offer this amendment
from the conviction thatcornmon honesty of pui-
pose, and the common frankness of men of nerve
and of honor, will give us one vote to show that
there is among us an irreconcilable difference, or
that will give a hope to those who, like the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, it seems to me, can hope
■against hope, that there is something to be done.
1 cannot believe thai anything is gained by this
resolution. I cannot conceive that the proposi-
tion of the House gives security to my people. I
will not stop to comment upon it, and to show
why it js that I cannot vote for it. I sincerely
hope that we may have a vote of the Senate upon
the amendment I now offer; and i call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish mriely
to l epeat again, be fun theycasand naysarecall'd
on this amendment, that J shall vote against this,
as I have voted against all preceding amendments,
with the distinct understanding that I am not
committed for or against any proposition con-
tained m those amendments, 1 hope we shall
vote them all down.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will merely state that when
we have disposed of this resolution, i hope we
chall take up the peace conference propositions
immediately, and get through with them.
The Sectetaty proceeded to call the toll.
Mr. CR1TTKNDEN, (when his name was
culled.) i de^ue to say that, although preferi mg
ilns amendment, I Hiall vote against it, as I have
- -against ali others, m older to pass it as it came to
us fioin the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I should like
to have made a further explanation; but I will nut
do it. I vole " nay.'5
The result was then announced—yeas 3, nays
34; as follows.
v'CAS—Foot, Xii-hoNon, «md Pu<;h—3.
jY \ V < — Mi---!- Anthunv, Bak«i, Hi'rlci, II: ntrham,
Vh'it:l)f, ("huii'!!''). t'ldiK, ('• it'ci'lrn, Jaxop, Dool'nie,
iJf.uc .1-. UuiKcc. eij.len. i\wei.(2nme>j, tl.ul.ui. Ilihi-
? < i«.loli it -on oi Ai k.ui: 't-. J ;i|>n < !) oi 'IViipc- - it. ,
kin::. LaiiMiii ,\J j -''i!. .Miy j i £ if - Polk. I'ice, Seija-fidij. r-'uin -
?!<■!. 'j'eu Kw k/i inmimij. Wu.k', Wigi.iU, Wilkinson, a,id
Wii-ori—iii.
So the amendment was iejected.
Mr. WILSON. We are about to take the
question on the resolution as it came fiom the
House. The Senator fiom Illinois lefeiredm the
debate to-night to the fact that some of us hud
voted, on the second reading, against giving this
new constitutional guarantee. I shall vote on the
third reading as 1 did on the second reading,
against this proposition: and I do so from the
deepest convictions of public duty. For a coun-
ter of a century, I have read some, and reflected
much, upon all these questions connected with
slavery. 1 never dreamed that the Federal Gov-
ernment had the pow<jr to iiiteiiere with or io
auulish slavery in the States. 1 would not. if the ,
proposition was presented to me, vote to amend
the Constitution to clothe Congress with that
power. 1 would not make the nation responsible
for slavery. I know that those whom I represent
entertain the same opinions that I do. Nobody
has proposed to interfere with slavery in the
States, or to abolish it by the action of the Fed-
eral Government. We of the North have been
misrepresented year after year, m the North and
in the South, and a portion of our countrymen
have been mnde to believe that we did intend to
interfere by Federal legislation witfi slavery in the
States.
Now it is proposed to amend the Constitution
of our country, in order to disabuse the minds of
the people from the effects of these misrepresent-
ations. I cannot give this vote. My conviction
is deep and profound, that this amendment should
not be put into the Constitution of Republican
America. I choose to standby the Constitution
as it is, and to show by my future life, as 1 have
in the past, that under no possible circumstances
would I countenance, by the action of the Fed-
eral Government, any inteiference with slavery
m the States. 1 think that is all the guarantee
any portion of our countrymen ought to ask of
us. I say here now, while I vote against this
proposition, that I would not, under any possi-
ble or conceivablc circumstances, vote to change
the Constitution of our country, so as to give the
Federal Government power to interfeie "with
sla\ ery in the States, or put the responsibility of
slavery in the States upon the Federal Govern-
ment, and upon the people of the non-slavehold-
mg States. I recognize slavery as a local State
institution, for which the people of Massachu-
setts and the nation are not iesponstble, and I
would not assume that responsibility, but I can-
not vote m this age and with our lights, to put
into the Constitution of this Christian and Dem-
ocratic Republic, this new guarantee for human
shivery. The world wifi reproach us for this
seeming concession to the demands of the slave
perpetuatists. These are my feelings and con-
victions, and I cannot do otherwise. But while
1 vote against this constitutional amendment, 1
protest against the idea that, by so doing, I would
vote to so change the Constitution as to give the
Fedeial Government power to abolish slavery m
any State, without the consent of the people of
that State.
Mr DOOLITTLE. I desire .to say a single
woid,asihe Senator from Illinois referied to our
vote on the second reading as being evidence that
we were committed in favor of this proposition.
In voting for the second reading yesterday, it was
for the purpose of showing to the Senator from
Illinois, and those who were favoiable to tins
proposition, that there was no disposition on our
pait to prevent the Senate coming to a vote on the
question at the present session, it was suggested
that it might go to the second reading by unani-
mous consent; but the yeas and nays were in-
sisted upon by the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Kentucky; and in order to put it on
its second reading, I voted in the affirmative. I
was upon the committee of thirteen wlien the
question was presented m tiiat body, and there-
lure I feel called upon to say a smale word now.
At that time, Representatives were here from the
seceding States, and at that time I joined with
those who were willing to go for an amendment
of tins kind, if it would be acceptable to our friends
in the southern States; and if if could be received
as a mensiue of peart; and satisfactory, I was
willing to -wite for it then and for that purpose';
but from what I h.ue learned m the Senate, all
around nie, I am satisfied now that it is not to be
regauled by the people of the southern States and
their Repiesentativus as a thing winch satisfies
them, in relation to the controversy now existing
m the country. Mr. President, while I hold that
the very fundamental idea of our Constitution,
and indeed of our whole system of government,
would be violated by givingCongressany power
whatever over the domistic institutions of the
States; while I hold that Congress has not, and
never should have, power to interfile with the re-
lations of master and apprentice, master and ser-
vant, master and slave, any moie than with the
relations of husband and wife, witmn the States,
I shall still vote against this proposition under
these circumstances.
My honorable fuend fiom Kentucky says 1 am ]
not willing to give it in writing. I have sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States,
which,in express language, reserves to every State
complete sovereignty and independence over every
subject of legislation, except what is expressly
delegated to the Federal Government. By the
Chicago platform, to which reference has been
made, the men of the party with whom I act have
pledged their honor, as much as it is possible that
men can be pledged, that we have neither the
right nor the disposition to interfere with the in-
stitution of slavery, or any other domestic insti-
tution, within the States; and any forcible attempt
to interfere with it is expressly denounced in the
Chicago platform, as ''among the gravest of
ciimes." Although it has been chaiged, time
and again, that the Republican party sympathized
with the attempt of John Brown in his raid upon
Virginia, such charges have been made without
the shadow of foundation. The report of the
Harper's Ferry investigation committee, of which
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason'] was
chairman, demonstrates that. Not one Repub-
lican, out of fifteen hundred thousand who voted
for Fremont in 1856, ever knew one word about
it. I was a member of that committee.
Mr. President, I have some knowledge of the
feelings of the people in the northern States on
this subject, both of the Democratic party and
the Republican party, and I declare to you, the
representatives of the slave States, that j never
sawan individual memherofthe Republican paity
1 who ever claimed the right, or who ever expressed
the wish, that Congress should have the power to
, interfere with your domestic institutions, any
| more than they would allow you to interfeie with
: our domestic institutions, with our relations of
1 husband and Wife, or master and apprentice, or
j parent and child. I ha've sworn to support the
j Constitution. The doctrine of State rights, as I
I understand it, reserving to the States sovereign
! powerovei their domestic institutions and all their
| local aiFans, is a doctrine which I have cherished
j all my life. I believe it, and would cling to it as
I to a part of my religious faith. I would sooner
j yield my life than allow the Federal Government
| to usurp the power to control the domestic insti-
. tutions of tin; States. This Government would
be changed in its fundamental idea by having
such a power confined, and it would become a
consolidated despotism, if any such power be
usurped—a complete revolution.
But, Mr. Piesident, I fear that I have been be-
trayed into saying more than I intended, and I
shall not detain the Senate at this hour of the ses-
sion, and do not wish to prevent a direct vote. I
desire that gentlemen snail have a fair vote, and
I am willing to meet the icsponsibility fairly and
face to face; but X felt called upon, fiom the cir-
cumstances that have transpiied during the ses-
sion to make this brief explanation.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Although it is a very late
hour, I trust i may claim the indulgence of Sen-
atois for one minute merely, as they are certainly
familiar with the fact that I have not trespassed
on their patience. I wish simply to explain this
vote. I i i.se now not to express my opinion either
! foi or against this proposed amendment to the
Constitution; but I desire only to say that the Con-
| stituiion provides for its amendment; the fiamers
j of itcontcmplated thepossible necessity of amend-
1 ment; and it has aheady been amended more than
! once, in different ways and atdiffeient times. It
is s.ud thai nothing is at the same time invented
and perfected. Tin.? joint resolution having pruned
the House of Representatives by a two-thirds
. \ote, and ha\iitg been sent here foi our concur-
rence, I do not feci inclined to prevent the people
| from having an opportunity of expressing their
i opinion on this subject, through their pioper
, agents, in a constitutional way, without intending
; now to express, so far as I am concerned, any
| opinion whether the amendmentproposed is really
! necessary or not. Sir, 1 am satisfied with the
j Constitution ns it is: 1 ask no change; T vener-
j ate and re\ore it. But, t>ir, this Union wasestab-
i hslied by the people: this Government is the Gov-
! eminent of the people; this bioad extended coun-
! tiy belongs to them, and to thern alone, it is
theirs, and theyaie to control its destinies for all
| time to come, either for weal or for woe. The
i occasion is a grave one—perhaps none so ^rave
; has ever happened in our history before, win rher
I foi causus ical or unagmai y. i will not now under-
