444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
bill No. 447, for the relief of the children of the
late Captain E. A. Capron.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill .was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment to the children of the
{ate Captain E, A, Capron of §300 arrears due on
a pension granted August 20, 1847.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move that House bill No.
338 be made the special order for Wednesday-
next at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 338) to provide for the payment of out-
standing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to
regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone the further
consideration of the bill, and make it the special
order of the day at one o'clock on Wednesday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTIONS.
Mr. GREEN. I ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution, merely for the purpose of having it
referred.
Leave was granted; and the joint resolution (S.
No. 59) to provide for the maintenance of the
Union, or for a convention for a peaceable sepa-
ration of the States, and the restoration of har-
mony upon the principles of justice and equality
to all, was read twice.
Mr. GR-EEN. I desire to have the resolution
read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resoh'ed.fyc., That, foi the pinpo-o of protecting the lights
of all the people, and of all the States, so f.u as. devolves
upon Fedeiai auihotitj, and to maintain the Union ln'iH
puutj and excellence—or lading in that, to provide tot-
peaceable separation—it be, and heieby is, icooinmrndcd
to the several States to take Immediate steps, by conven-
tions or otherwise, and make such propositions to the sev-
eial Slater, each to the other, or by conventions of States,
as may best conduce to the restoration of haimonv consist-
ent with the principles of justice and equality to all.
Mr. GREEN. I move to refer it to the com-
mittee of thirteen.
Several Senators. It is discharged.
Mr. GREEN. That committee has not been
discharged. The chairman informs me that it
has not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will bo so
referred.
_ Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word
in reference to the resolution—not to debate it—
but to signify to the honorable gentleman from
Missouri that. I feel myself a little constrained in
respect to this resolution. I would gladly perform
towards him, and towards every other of my
brother Senators, any act of com tesy that might
be suitable; but I cannot vote for a resolution, in
any form, to make a preparation for the separa-
tion of the States oft his Union. I will not antici-
pate such a contingency. I will not seem to rec-
ognize the probability, or even possibility, of
such an event. I will not vote, even in this indi-
rect manner, for a proposition that implies its dis-
solution, much less makes provision for it. For
this reason, and this only, I shall vote against
referring the resolution to a committee of inquiry.
I hope the Senate will consider: are we here al-
ready to assume the dissolution of the Union, and
to provide for the wreck? Is the Senate of the
United States to be employed in that manner;
presupposing, implying, granting, as it were, in
the face of the whole world, that the imminence
of the danger is such, and the probability such,
that we are called upon—not in our capacity as
Senators, for as such we have nothing to do with
it—but that we are called upon as men, exercis-
ing, however, an official authority,to provide for
the destruction of that very Union that we were
sent here and sworn to maintain? I can give no
such vote, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire whether this
joint resolution has been referred?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
regards the question as before the Senate. The
Chair said it would be referred by general con-
sent of the Senate, but the Senator from Kentucky
interposing an objection, the question of refer-
ence is now before the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to make one re-
mark. I thought it had been referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
had a right to make such an inference, from the
action of the Chair. The Chair remarked, sup-
posing it was by common consent, that it would
be referred to the select committee. Objection
being interposed, however, the question is still
before the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I think the objection of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky is not well
founded. The public mind expects something to
be done that will lead to a pacification. We know
not what that thing will be. Every expedient that
human ingenuity can devise ought to be resorted
to. I desire this to remain in the committee until
we see the fate of the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky in the Senate. They are but rec-
ommendations to the people at hist. They do not
propose to amend the Constitution by a two-
thirds vote here, but to take an informal, illegal,
unauthorized vote of the people, to see whether
they will take steps to amend the Constitution.
That is all. The proposition that I make, and
which I shall urge, if we cannot do any better, is
not to dissolve the Union, but to resort to every
expedient to save it on terms of equality to all;
and if that should fail, then to take the next best
thing. And what is the next best thing? Peace-
ful, honorable, equitable separation. And how
is that to be done? As the Senator says, not by
the Senate, not by Congress; it must be done by
the action of the several States themselves, in
their sovereign capacity.
There is nothing novel in this idea. The old
Congress of the Confederation passed a similar
resolution; which led to delegates being sent to
Philadelphia for the formation of the existing
Constitution, and the establishment of the present
Union. That Congress of the Confederation had
no more power to make such an invitation—for it
is but an invitation to the States—than we have to
make this invitation. It laid the foundation of
our pnsf prosperity, our growth, and our promi-
nence as a nation among the family of nations.
It may be possible that this may lead to it, if
everything else fails. If anything else better cal-
culated to stop the current of fanaticism and of
folly—if anything better can be devised to restore
peace and harmony, together with security, I will
go for that other tiling; but the public mind is
now in expectation of some movement being
made that will concentrate public opinion; and the
public mind, as they are all but mere voluntary
acts of the people, even if we pass them, ought
to have these several subjects up for consideration
and to reflect upon. Let them, from Maine to
Florida, reflect on all the propositions, and see
which is most feasible, and which is best calcu-
lated to accomplish beneficial results; and when
the people shall have acted, and the States in
thcil sovereign capacity, I shall be content with
that action, whatever it is.
The action on the Senator's resolutions must
emanate from the States. The vote of the people
of the States which he calls for is an informal,
illegal vote. No man can be punished for perjury
at that election; no man can be forced to open the
polls; no Governor can be compelled, by procla-
mation, to order such an election. It is but an
invitation; mine is butaninvitation. Still, I will
vote for the Senator's resolutions most cheerfully,
for I want the public attention called to this sub-
ject. If we can accomplish anything, it is only
through the public mind and*the public heart;
and this is a means by which we may, in a par-
tial degree, feel the public pulse. That is all the
reason I offer it; and, whether referred or not, I
have accomplished all the purpose I had at pres-
sent in view; and that is to spread it before the
country for consideration, in case every other
better expedient should fail.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. CHITTENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator permit me to make one word of explanation?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to inquire of the Chair
if there is not a special assignment for this hour?
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is incum-
bent on the Chair, at this time, to call up the
special order of the day. The Chair will state to
the Senate that there are two special orders as-
signed for this hour. One is the Pacific railroad
bill, so called, and the other the bill for the ad-
mission of Kansas. The Pacific railroad bill, as
the unfinished business of yesterday, takes pre-
cedence, and is now before the Senate for consid-
eration.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that that be laid
aside, and the Kansas bill taken up.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be made the spe-
cial order for Tuesday next. Monday has been
assigned for the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, and Wednesday for the tariff bill. I
hope the railroad bill will be taken up on Tues-
day. I do not want to interfere with the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that
suggestion, and I modify my motion in that way.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone the considera-
tion of the Pacific railroad bill until Tuesday
next, ami make it the special order for that day
at one or clock.
The/motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Green to strikeout the proposed boundaries
of the State as defined by the bill:
u Beginning at a point on the western boundary of the
State of Missouri, wheio the tlmty-sevcntli parallel of
north latitude crosses the same; thence west on said par-
allel to the twenty-fifth meudian of longitude west from
Washington ; thence north on said meridian to th" foitieth
parallel ot'latitude; thence cat-ton said parallel to the west-
ern boundary of the State of Missouri; thence south with
the western boundary of said State."
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Beginning in the main channel of the North Fork of the
Platte liveij at a point wheie the twenty-fifth meudian of
longitude west fiom Washington cios^e-> tin; same ; thence
: down and along «aid channej to injunction with the main
sttcam of the Platte; thence down and alon? the main
channel of the Platte to the Missouri nvci ; thence south
along i-aid rivei and the western boundary of the State of
Mis-'om i to the noithern boundaiy of the Cherokee neutral
land ; thence we-t along said northern boundary, the noith-
eni bound.nv of the CKtUic lands and the prolongation of
the .same, to the twenty-fifth meridian of lonsimde west
from Washington; thencc north on said meudian to the
] place ol beginning.
: Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I discussed this
; question somewhat at the last session of Congress,
I and I shall not now go into any general debate
[ on the subject. I do not intend to interpose ob-
stacles to the action of the Senate upon this ques-
tion; but I think, owing to the space of time that
has elapsed, I ought to make a little explanation
of it before the vote is taken on the amendment.
It will be observed by an examination of the
constitution adopted at Wyandotte, now pending
before the Senate, that about one third of the
Territory of Kansas is cut off on the west. That
includes the Pike's Peak region, where the first
gold discovery was made, including the Gregory
mines, and so on, cutting off that space of terri-
tory; which none of the other constitutions ever
did. Owing to the character of the country, that
reduces it to a small compass to constitute a good
State. The gross area is about eighty thousand
square miles: but the portion susceptible of set-
j tlementand of habitation will not exceed forty
! thousand; and the best authority I have reduces
! it to thirty thousand out of eighty thousand square
| miles. After we pass west of the Missouri river,
except upon a few streams, there is no territory
• fit for settlement or habitation. It is unproduc-
; tivc. It is like a barren waste. It will not even
j support cattle, or sheep, or anything pertaining
I to the grazing business. There are no mineral
! resources in the State to supply any want of ag-
ricultural resources. Ilence, I propose to enlarge
the boundary, not upon the west, but to take the
present western boundary andprolongitnortherly
up to the Platte river; and then follow the line of the
river to its junction with the Missouri line, and fol-
low the Missouri line down. It will add to the Ter-
ritory about thirty thousand square miles, about
two thirds of which will be susceptible of settle-
ment. It will then make a good, strong, substan-
tial State. I have the privilege to state, in this
connection, that nine tenths of the people south
of the Platte, in what is now called Nebraska,
