1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved thai
the Senate take* a recess until eleven o'clock.
Mr. PUGH. 1 object to any alteration of the
rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to name ten o'clock, so that we may
have some chance to take up private bills.
Mr. WADE. At the suggestion of the Sena-
tor) I modify it, and say ten o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senate will allow me
to take up a Senate hill which has been returned
from the House with amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. We can take it up at ten
o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. i hope the Senate will agree to
act on some amendments that have been made in
the House to Senate bill No. 303. They can be
acted on in a moment. Theie is no objection to
them. The President will not sign the bill if it
is not taken up and passed now.
Mr, RICE, i rise to a privileged question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ThaiJonator will
piease state it.
Mr. RICE. Will not an objection prevent the
motion for a recess being considered ?
The "VICE PRESIDENT. For what reason?
Mr. RICE. Is any motion in order, except to
adjourn, it objection is interposed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Oh, yes.
Mr. RICE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT, But the motion is
in order.
Mr. RICE. Will not an objection precentthe
consideration of a motion to take a tece&s?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not think an objection will prevent its considera-
tion
Mr. PUGH. It has been decided many times
since I have been in the Senate, and i do not like
to sue the iule^ changed at the last hour, that a
motion for a iecess> was not in order, because it
requires a change ot ihc standing niSesof the
Senate, li has never been enicrtained, to my
knowledge, heretofore, without the unanimous
consent ot ihe Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
be good enough to indicate the luie of the Senate
which il violates ?
Mr. PUGH. There is no rule of the Senate
providing foi anytime of the sort; and in every
cose that I have known ol—m one instance on a
motion of tin Stnatoj fiom Mississippi, who has
seceded—we were  n the act of suspending the
rules of the Senate when the motion cut us off.
There is no luie to suspend, and if lequires unan-
imous consent.
Mi. DObGLAS 1 desire to make a sugges-
tion, 1 do not know that it is good authority,
but I mtetposed a single objection about sixteen
times, last ni^ht, and stopped a recess on my own
motion; and, whether it was within the rules or
not, i did it. I dunk 1 objecti d about sixteen
times, and I stopped it on a single objection eveiy
time, and 1 suppose) I v.*as wjllun the rules; but
if I was nor. I beg p.udon of the Senate
Mr. EOGT. I do not rise to debate this ques-
tion of order, hut to state, what is known to all
Senators, that the duty is imposed on the officers
of the Senate—the Sergeant-at-Ainis and others—
to place the Senate in rt adiness, by twelve o 'clock
to-day, for the reception of the membeis of the
Houm1 of Rcpi esentatives, the Supreme Court of
the United States, the diplomatic corps, and otheis
who are to l>e admitted upon the floor, under the
programme far the oi casi in; and at least two or
ihret hours, 1 am informed by the officers, will
be required to put the Senate Chamber m the ne-
cessai y readiness; and theiefore I hope the mo-
tion for a recess will prevail.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the question of order will
be decided fii st.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks that the question of order may be de-
cided. The Chair knows of no mle of the Sen-
ate which makes it out of order to take a leccss.
Ij any Senator will be kind enough to indicate the
ruh>? f]ie Chrui will consid'T it; but it occurs to
inni, it is cerhunly in oui-r to move to take a .
le^ess. !
Air. CLARK. T desire f,imply to say that there '
are iia<- <>i two little makers lying on the de^k that ,
Obgar to oe attended to befoie we take a recess. .
I hey nsi'jjit Ik; disposed of, and then we might j
have a luctss, and not impede public business. I
There is, for instance, lying on your table, sir, a
bill to incorporate the Metropolitan Gas Light
Company, pending on amotion to reconsider, the
passage of which will be endangered unless it is
disposed of now. If we dispose of two or three
things of that sort, we might have a recess.
Mr. WADE. If I could be assured that, after
those things are disposed of, we should take a
recess, I should be willing to withdraw it.
?The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate that the motion be informally
withdrawn, there are two or three matters that
ought to be disposed of; and if the Senate will
allow it, the Chair wili do it now.
Several Senators. Certainly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate relative to the pay
j of master workmen at the navy-yards; which, on
motion of Mr. Hair, was ordered to he on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid befoie the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, communicating statements of
the number and designation of passengers arriv-
ing in the United States during the year 1860;
which, on motion of Mr. Gwin, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
GUANO DISCOVERIES.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will now take
up Senate bill No. 303, merely to agree to amend-
ments of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unanimous
consent to take up the Senate bill indicated, which
has passed the House with certain amendments?
Mr. LATHAM. Let us hear what it is first.
The Secretary lead the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 303)
supplementary to the act entitled " An act to au-
thorize protection to be given to the citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August 18, 1856; which areas
follows:
Pnsre 1, m line eight, between the word* " and" and "no-
tification," insert the wauls '• certificate of. "
Page hue two, stnko out the woid uonc,51 and inscit
the word •' two.'' Line uveal} tinee, after tiio word the,"
insert '• \ e^ted and evi>uu<r Line twenty -lour, &ti ike out
the wotd> •• now htigdUmj; in tin; cunttv"*
L\u?e 3, line twenty-two, ntrer the wot<] "guano," insert
"in whieh tlio owuci oi consignee may eau-?e the same to
he placed."
Page j, line fivr. aftei the woid pail," illicit or who
"•hall knowingly olfet foi sale any how hanol, vjiclc, pack-
age. oi othet vev«e! whatever, a-; above inaiked, either
empty oi eo'H.onu'g otliei tnan impoired guano, oi other !
than that b.'ieg therein when -o nmikod,orotliei than that
examined and anahzed. liereinhefoie dnectcd."
Mr. GWIN. These amendments are merely
restrictive, and in favor of the United States. 1
hope they will be concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the amendments?
Mr. BIGLER. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then they cannot
be consideied.
Mr. GWIN. There can be no objection to con-
curring in the amendments.
The V^JCE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
befme the Senate to take a recess until ten o 'clock,
and the present proceedings are by unanimous
consent.
PUGKT SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (H. R.
No. 980) for the adjustment of the claims of thp
Puget Sound Agricultural Company, under the
treaty of 1846, with Great Britain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent, as there is a motion already before
the Senate
Mr. LANE. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. WADE. My motion is not withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the Sen-
ate; and if the Senator insists on it, the Chair will
put it. Is there objection to the request of the
Senator from Oregon?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill can-
not be considered; and the question is on the mo- ;
non to take a recess. i
LLLUMONT COLLEGE. j
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent of j
the Senate to take up House bill No. 203, to en- !
able the trustees of the Bleumont College to pre-
empt a certain quarter section of land, and for
other purposes.
Mr. W ADE. I insist on my motion. Let u&
try if we cannot get a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then tlm Chair
will lieai no request if the Senator from Ohio in-
sists on his motion, font is equivalent to a stand-
ing objection. The question is: " Will the ben-
ate take a recess until ten o'clock ?"
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, we'have
sat here all night; and I presume 1 shall feel
the consequence of it as much as anybody; but
we shall do no business, unless we do it now.
There are two or three little things that I want to
be accomplished before I leave; and m which I
feel I have been a little to blame for inattention
heretofore, because I have been very much en-
gaged in the great affairs which we were just
now discussing. I hope we shall take no recess;
but let us finish the work we have so well
begun.
Mr. WADE. Well, I will giveaway for the
Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Now, the Senator
from Kentucky can make his motion.
JEAN A. B. DAUTJERIVJS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
been under all sort of obligations to a valued ac-
quaintance and friend of mine, belonging to the
other House, to take a vote upon the bill (II. H.
No. 582) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentativesof Jean A. B. Dauterive. I have noth-
ing to say about it. I have said all I desire to say
on the subject, and I only ask that a vote may
now be taken. The bill has passed the House of
Representatives, has been several timos before the
Senate, and has been sufficiently discussed.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say this: I should
be exceedingly glad to gratify the Senator from
Kentucky, who is about to leave us, but the bill
cannot pass without debate. I have been at the
trouble of making a plan, or sketch, as well as I
was able, from the report in that case and the bill
itself, and I am satisfied the bill ought nottopass
without examination. Upon a mere presentation
of the plan, the Senate will see it is almost another
Iloumas giant. It proposes to grant an immense
quantity of land, of which thei e is no survey, and
no account. It may be two bundled thousand
acres; it may be thiee hundred thousand acres; it
may be five hundred thousand acres, of which the
United States may have disposed of one hundred
and forty thousand or one hundred and fifty thou-
sand acres, for which they now propose to issue
scrip. I am satisfied Senators would not pass the
bill unless it was carefully examined.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 have been informed
that theie would be no opposition to the bill at all,
probably, and I asked to take it up with that view.
When gentlemen say that it must be discussed,
it is equivalent to saying it cannot be passed. I
should he content to take a vote upon it as it is.
I have endeavored toexplnn it heretofore That
is probably forgotten. I am wiihnsr now to run
tiie risk, without further explanation, of having
the vote on the bill.
The question being put. the Senate refused to
take up the bill; theie being on a division—ayes
eleven, noes not counted.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. Now, if it is in order, I desire
to submit a motion.
Mr. WADE. Have I lost my motion for a
recess ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has.
The Senator from Indiana is on the floor.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate pro-
coed to the consideration of executive business.
["Oh, no."] I feel it my duty to make tiic mo-
tion. I cannot do less. However, I will yield
to the Senator from Kentucky.
ELEAZER A. RICHARDSON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have another little
thing with which I wish to trouble the Senate. I
havechargt ofthecase ofa widow \\ ith fourorphan
children, nn unfortunate woman who.se husband
was killed while in our service. I offered a les-
olution m her behalf some time aco, and, on mo-
tion of the Senator fiom Iowa, [Mi . Grimes]
blank was filled with the sum of £4b0. She is
a poor, sickly, emaciated woman> left destitute,
