446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
than double as many. The president of the Le-
compton convention himself did not claim, when
that constitution was made, that there were more
than from twenty-five to thirty thousand. He
furnished a written statement to that effect. The
census now shows, how many?
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. DOOLITTLE. One
hundred and nine thousand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Throe or four times as many
as there were when the Lecompton constitution
was made. It has as large a population, [ appre-
hend, as there is now in the State of Oregon. I
have not seen the census of that State; but from
what I have understood, I should suppose so.
This objection in regard, to the want of popu-
lation was not deemed quite conclusive and insu-
perable when we passed the bill for the admission
of Oregon here two years ago. I know I had to
fight a good many of my friends, if I may so call
them, on the other side of the Chamber, on the
admission of Oregon. My colleague thought it
was very wrong to admit Oregon with so small
a population. My answer was, that while it was
a good rule to require the ratio requisite for a
member of Congress, yet we had never adhered
to that rule. I was willing to declare it a rule for
the future, and live up to it; but I was not willing
to make a case, and apply it to one State, where
there were special political and personal reasons
for making that objection, and exccpt another
State to which it ought to be applied with the
same rigor and force.
1 helped to admit Floridainto the Union when
she had a population of forty-eight thousand,
under a ratio of representation that required sev-
enty-three thousand. I suppose two thirds of
the new States of this Union have been admitted
with less population than Kansas now has. I
doubt whether more than two or three ever had
asmuch. Ohio had nothing like it, piobably not
moie than half; Indiana had about half; Illinois
about half; Mississippi, Arkansas,Missouri, Ala-
bama, and Louisiana about half. There is no
constitutional limitation as to the number of in-
habitants. While I think it is not right to admit
new States with too small a population—thirty
or forty, or fifty thousand—yet it has even been
done; and certainly, if the objection was not well
taken to a population of forty or fifty thousand,
it is not an insuperable objection when there are
one hundred and nine thousand.
Under these circumstances, I think we had bet-
ter waive these small, technical objections, and
treat this question on its merits. I think the
people of Kansas have been badly treated with
reference to this question of admission. I think
the sooner we close up this controversy the better,
if we intend to wipe out the excited and irritated
feelings that have grown out of it. It will have a
tendency to restore good feeling. It is an act of
justice, and I had hoped that the bill would pass
now unanimously, if there is any^desirc to add
to this the country on the north side of Kansas
running up the Nebraska river, I think that would
improve its boundaries:; and I would ho very will-
ing to give our assent to it, as we did to extend-
ing the boundaiy of Missouri up to the Missouri
river, and as we have given our consent to extend
the boundaries of other States, in order to make
them natural ones. I am willing to adjust the i
boundaries of a State when the people have made
a mistake in its original limits at any time; but
that can be done hereafter as well as by procras-
tinating the admission. I will not detain the Sen-
ate; but I wdl do no act that will cripple or pro-
crastinate the admission of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to enter into an examination of the several
objections which have been made by the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, further than to say,
that last year I had an opportunity to visit Kan-
sas, and 1 found the condition of society there
very far advanced in agriculture, manufactures,
trade, and all social and civil organizations—
everything complete, and nil within a Territory
which was compact and satisfactory to the people
themselves. I found that in adopting; the Wyan-
dotte constitution, they had at last succeedeti in
acting upon a frame of civil government against
which I heard not one word of objection in the
whole Territory. So much as to the boundaries
and the constitution.
In regard to the alleged danger to t*he reserva-
tions for the Indians, which are not mentioned or
excepted in the constitution, it occurred to me
that the argument of the Senator from Illinois in
answer to the objection was entirely satisfactory;
and if we had time to refer to the constitutions of
several of the States, we should find that there was
the same impiovidentneglect, not guarded against.
When I heard the objection raiscd*this morning
that the constitution of Kansas does not save the
rights of the Indians in Kansas, I sent for the
constitution of the State of New York, (which
has been twice revised by conventions—one in
1822, and one in 1846,) where there always have
been reservations in the occupation of the Indians
of the Six Nations. The Indians are there yet;
the reservations are there yet; and the constitu-
tion, in either case, forgets to notice that there are
either Indians or Indian reservations in the State.
They have enjoyed all their rights and immuni-
ties, and been protected by the Federal Govern-
ment as well as by the government of the State.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, there is a vast
difference between New York and Kansas. New
York was one of the. original States which as-
sisted to form the Government, and her bound-
aries and jurisdiction were the same then that
they are now. The Federal Government had no
agency in the formation of her boundaiy; and
to undertake to liken that to one in which we
must have an agency, is not a very fair argument.
The Federal Government never had power to take
that land from New York. The Federal Govern-
ment never owned that land, and the Federal Gov-
ernment never sold that land to the Indians. It
was New York land, and New York can do what
she pleases with her own. But this land in Kan-
sas belonged to the Federal Government, and was
sold to the Chcrokecs—they paying $500,000 as
a consideration—with the express stipulation that
it never should be included in any State. Now,
I wish to put this question: it is cither excepted
out of the constitution, or it is not; which do
you say it is? I yhouftl like to have Senators
answer me. It is either excepted out of the Con-
stitution, or it is not—I mean the constitution as
framed at Wyandotte. If it is not excepted out,
we are doing wrong, unless we put a proper qual-
ification in the bill requiring the assent of the peo-
ple of Kansas to it. If it is excepted out, and we
make a treaty with the Churokees and the Sene-
cas, and by their title, where will the boundary
of Kansas be then? If it is excepted out, it runs
around on the north side. Or do we only except
our jurisdiction, and leave the boundary included?
You must come to these points of consideration.
They are either included in the State, although
you may cxcept the jurisdiction, or they are not
included in the State. If they are included in the
State, you violate the treaty, if they are not
included in the State, if we make a treaty and
purchase their lands, they would not be then
included m the State without a subsequent amend-
ment to the constitution.
Again, sir: the Senator from Illinois says it is
no more an insuperable objection now than it was
with the Lecompton constitution. That is true;
and if my attention had been called to it, I should
have pressed it then as much as I do now. But
the practical effect of it is now being seen and
understood. Inasmuch as the boundaries of Kan-
sas as a Territory nominally included this land,
the white people went out and rushed upon it;
and there are from three to four thousand upon
it now. The dragoons of the United States were
sent down to drive them ofF. They burnt some
twenty houses; but it raised so much confusion
and commotion, that the Secretary of the Interior
suspended the order, and they are now living
upon it. One of them came to me who had trav-
eled four hundred miles to see me. He lived
upon the Indian lands, and expended §6,000 in
buildings—amill, dwelling-house,and so on—not
knowing he was upon the Indian lands. He knew
he was within what was nominally called the
boundary of Kansas; and when the dragoons
were about to drive them off, he came to me to
get the order suspended, and to see if anything
could be done for their relief.
This is a practical consequence of the serious
difficulties that occur out of this loose, and, to my
mind, very improper legislation. Let us mark
the boundaries that we have a right to mark; and
when the people are informed of where the limita-
tions are,they will neverpass over the limits,and
none of these unfortunate consequences will ensue.
That is the reason I propose the amendment. It
is of a practical character. If you admit the State
with the boundary in the bill, the whole of the
Indian lands will be overrun; and then, to save the
lives of the people, and to prevent war, we shall
be forced to buy the lands from the Indians; and
when bought from the Indians, they will take
their preemptions. It will be that much positive
injury to the United Stales; but yet we shall do
it, and ought to do it, rather than see our fellow-
citizens murdered and butchered. But we ought
not to hold out inducements and false lights to
lead them upon these breakers. We ought to
legislate understanding^; and in no case should
we violate a treaty stipulation. I venture to say,
that when tliG Lecompton constitution was pend-
ing, the subject was never pressed upon the atten-
tion of the Senate. If it was, my attention was
never called to it. Perhaps it will be said, I stultify
myself; it was my duty to look into it. I Was
not upon the Committee on Indian Affairs. I had
not examined the Indian treaties. 1 ought to have
done it, perhaps; but a man has not time to do
everything.
Now, with regard to the northern boundary,
as I said before—and the Senator from Illinois
agrees with me—it would make it a better bound-
ary. If it would make it better, it simply affirms
the statement 1 made in my few remarks before,
to wit: that but for the political considerations, I
believe four fifths of this Senate would vote for it.
Are we, then, to give wrong boundaries from polit-
ical considerations ? Ought we not rather to look
to the permanent good of the State, and the per-
manent peace of the country, in the division of
the future States?
But the Senator is mistaken when he says it
had the same boundaries in the Lecompton con-
stitution that it has now. lie must have meant,
I suppose—for I do not want to do the Senator
injustice—north and south.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The same now in contro-
versy, of course. I did not include the western
boundary, about which there is no controversy.
Mr. GREEN. Exactly; but that takes oft'one
third of what was then the Territory, and creates
the necessity for supplying that deficiency some-
where else. That is the purpose to which I re-
ferred. The present boundaries, as I propose
them, are plain, simple, and commodious. They
insure a population which will be adequate to
sustain a separate State government.
As to the subject of what the population was
when the Topeka constitution was adopted, and
when the Lccompton constitution was adopted,
that is an immaterial issue; and when the Sena-
ator refers to Alabama, to Florida, and to Ohio,
as admitted with from thirty to forty and fifty
thousand inhabitants, while Kansas is now rep-
resented as having one hundred thousand, he
overlooks the fact that the ratio of representation
then was down nearly as low as the population.
Only a few States came in with less than the ratio
of representation. Ohio had the ratio of repre-
sentation with her forty thousand. Kentucky
had the ratio of representation; Alabama had the
ratio of representation; Florida had not; so that
the force of his argument is destroyed by refer-
ring to the other additional fact that the law of
apportionment was different then from what it is
now.
However, I shall make no point about the pop-
ulation; but I will say that this eager anxiety to
admit the State in a wrong position with an im-
proper boundary, at a time like this, is to me
very extraordinary. We have a long petition
presented by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] praying us to relieve them from
starvation. How can they support a govern-
ment? We have been paying all their expenses.
We are now paying their expenses—their Legis-
lature, their judges, their Governor, and other
officers—and yet, with all this expenditure from
our Treasury, they send up long petitions, and
send out agents to beg throughout all the States
for means to subsist upon. That is the popula-
tion to be forced into the Union to bear the burden
of a State government, with improper boundaries,
and which are conceded to be improper. I do
not see any necessity for this hot haste. I see
no political consideration to urge it. The Oppo-
sition, or rather the incoming Administration,
will have.its majority anyhow, and before the
meeting of the next Congress, Kansas can be in,
