448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
lege to any'Senator. He has a right to require
that the doors shall be closed.
Mr. B1GLER. Then, Mr. President, in pur-
suance of that right, I ask that the doors be
closed.
TRe PRESIDING OFFICER. A special or-
der was made yesterday in executive session that
the Senate should proceed to the consideration of
executive business to-day at two o'clock. The
Chair is called upon to notice that special order,
and must do so; and njust therefore order that
the galleries be cleared.
The doors were accordingly closed; and after
upwards of three hours spent in executive ses-
sion, they were reopened.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that when the Senate
adjourns, it be to Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to inquire
whether the motion that the Senate now adjourn
takes precedence of the motion that, when the Sen-
ate does adjourn, it be to Monday ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) In the opinion of the Chair it does.
A motion to adjourn now supersedes amotion that
when the Senate adjourn it be to meet on Mon-
day. The question is on the motion that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 26, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Mefcsrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Cnllamer.. Dixon, Doolittlp, Douglas, Durkoe,
Fessenden, Toot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Kin«,
Morrill, Scwiud, Simmons, Stunner, Ten Eyck,Tiumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, nnd Wilson—136.
NAYS—Messrs. IJayaid, Bigler, Hragg, Climjman, Cnt-
tenden, Fiteh, Green, Gvvin, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivert-on,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, Peaioe, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Itice, Sanlsbmy,
SlidelJ, and Wigfall-—23.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 18, 1861.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
byltev. J. Edwards, of Philadelphia.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerics, informing; the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1861, with sundry amendments; in which he
was directed to ask the eoncurrcnce of the House.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Jiills, reported as tiuly enrolled the follow-
ing bills and resolution; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act to authorize the institution of a suit
against the United States to test the title to lots
Nos. 5 and 6, on the hospital square in San Fran-
cisco;
An act to continue in force an act therein men-
tioned, relating to the port of Baltimore; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to permit the owners of the steamboat
John C.Fremontto change the name of the same
to Hoiizoi).
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, 1
desire to ask a favor of this House, which f have
not heretofore asked, and which I trust I may
never regard it as necessary for mc to ask again.
It is, sir, the privilege of makmga short personal
explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. MOORE, of Xvcntucky. On the 7th day
of the present month, Mr. Adrain, of New Jer-
sey, introduced, a resolution in the following
words::
ts Resolved, That \\ e fullv nppiove of the bold and patriotic
act ofMujoi Anderson in withdrawing iiom Poit Moultrie
to Fort Sumiei^ and of the deteuuumtiouof the I'lesident
to maintain that leaile^otfioei m hiv pio> ent position : and
that we will snppoit the President m all constitutional
iWiisuios to enforce the laws and preset ve the Union."
"When that resolution was introduced, I thought
it uncalled for and unnecessary; but 1 hesitated
before I could vote against a resolution of that
character. We proposed to divide it, that we
might indorse Major Anderson, and vote against
the residue; which was refused. I revolved it,
however, in my mind, giving it all the consider-
ation that I could in the brief period allowed be-
tween the introduction of the resolution and the
time when we were callcd to vote upon it. I con-
cluded that while I could fully and freely indorse
the action of Major Anderson, an act justified by
the laws of self-defense, if not by the orders of
the War Department—that which had passed,
and which we fully and completely understood—
I could not vote to indorse every act that the
President in the future might regard as his con-
stitutional duty, in carrying out the laws and pre-
serving the Union, to do. I cannot in advance
indorse his acts. While, sir, I am for the Union,
and while in saying that I believe that I repre-
sent the sentiment of Kentucky, I looked upon
the action of the southern States as of that mag-
nitude that required us at least to pause and hes-
itate for a moment ere we would peril the whole
nation, and plunge it into a general conflagration
and a general internecine war. I thought that we
should hesitate before saying that we would
indorse every act of the Picsident of the United
States for the purpose of enfoicing the laws and
carrying out the principles of the Constitution.
I am not one of those, Mr. Speaker, who believe
in the right of a State to secede from the Union.
I regard that as the greatest heresy that ever
received the countenance and indorsement of a
political party. I approve of the resolution upon
that subject, passed by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky m 1B33, in which Legislature were then the
wisest of Kentucky's statesmen, and which is as
follows:
" .r>. That the people of the United States have a deep in-
terest in the pei pctmty and integrity of the Union, and an
undoubted i isht to presetvu it; and the ncbt of secession,
avsei ted hj the ouhnanee, is not only unauthoii/,ed by the
Constitution, but J3 repugnant to ltd letter and spirit."
I do not believe that any State has a constitu-
tional right to secede; but all must recognize the
right of revolution—the right of submitting to the
arbitrnmentofthe sword oppression upon one side,
and independence and freedom upon the other,
whenever oppression becomes intolerable I do
not believe that the time has come in the history of
this country when we should resort to means so
dreadful, so full of disaster and catastrophe; but!
do believe that it is not light, at the present time,
to send leinforcements to the forts in South Car-
olina or the other southern States, but that we
should first endeavor, at least, to obtain by com-
promise what, in the end, some may think we will
be under the necessity of taking by force.
I should not, Mr. Speaker, have conceived it
to be my duty to have made this explanation had
it not been that, from various parts of my dis-
trict, i have received letters from some of the most
respectable of my constituents, saying that my
vote against the resolution of Mr. Adrain was
condemned, from the fact that they did not under-
stand the motives which prompted me to vote
against it. 1 said upon that occasion:
u If this resolution were confined to Major Anderson, 1
should vote for it with great pleaMue; but I cannot vote
for the residue of that resolution. Hence, I vote ' no.' "
I thank the House for its courtesy.
Mr. EDWARDS. I call for the regular oider
of business.
Mr. BUIICH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have printed an amendment which
I propose to offer to House hill No. 728.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
EUEN APAMS.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of bill of the
House (No. 833) for the relief of Ebon Adams;
upon which the previous question was ordered
yesterday.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the tliiid tune, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to icconsidci upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. DAWES. I ask permission to offer a res-
olution, to which I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Letitbe read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Punting be instructed
to mquiic and report, without delay, why the order of the
House, adopted Decembei 1-2, 1860, requiring the punting;
of the testimony in the contested-election case of William-
son against Sickles has not been executed.
Mr. HINDMAN. I object to that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts to permit mo to
amend the resolution by directing inquiry also as
to why the Congressional Directory has not been
printed.
Mr. DAWES. I think that this is of more
importance than anything else. It affects the right
of a member to his seat on this floor, and is there-
fore a privileged question. I ask the adoption of
the resolution, and move the previous question
upon it.
Mr. HINDMAN. I objected to the consider-
ation of this thing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the
resolution as in the nature of a privileged question,
affecting the right of a member of this House to
his seat.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the resolution on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDWARDS.- I now demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for such reports, beginning with the Committee
of Elections.
SUTLTFF & CASE.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Sutliff & Case;
which was read a first and second time, referied
to n Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ISAAC II. RANDALL.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass,an act (S. No. 300) for the relief of Isaac H.
Randall; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
M. C. MORDECAI.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill to compensate M. C. Mordecai for certain
services; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
IIEIRS OF JOIIN ROBERTS.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of John Roberts, deceased, late a surgeon
in the revolutionary war; which was read a'first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF GEORGE ITSIIEK.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
call up a report presented by me some ten days
since from the Committee on Indian Affairs; and
I ask the attention of the House to it at this time#
It is a joint resolution repealing a resolution
relating to the claim of George Fisher, late of
Florida, deceased, approved June 1, 1860.
The joint resolution was read. It rescinds a
resolution entitled " A resolution relating to the
claim of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased,
passed at the first session of this Congress, and
approved June 1,1860;" an Jit makes null and void
the same and all proceedings under it.
The question being on ordering the resolution
to be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the attention of the
House to this subject. The resolution relates to
a private claim; but, unlike our general legisla-
tion, which is usually to allow private claims, of
