1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
in relation to claims of citizens of Texas to indemnity for
depredations by the Indians.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like t« inquire the
result of the last vote on the yeas and*nays?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The result has not
yet been announced by the Chair. It will now
be announced.
The list of yeasand nays was read, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Clark, Clingman, Doo-
littie, Douglas, D«rkee,Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan, Hemp-
hill, Johnson of Tennessee, KennedyrKing,Lanp, Latham,
MorriU, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Rice, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Biagg and Polk—2.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a
quorum voting.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think there is a quorum
present
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a
quorum present,
Mr. GRIMES. We seem to be unanimous
about this thing. Why can we not withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays and take up the bill by
unanimous consent, and let the Senator from In-
diana propose his amendments?
Mr. BRIGHT. I will do that, provided the
Senator from New Hampshire will consent to one
single amendment of the four which I have pre-
pared.
Mr. CLARK. 1 cannot.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cxlossbiienner, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed, this day,an act (S. No. II) to provide for
the payment of expenses incurred by the Terri- •
lories of Washington and Oregon in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities therein in the years
1855 and 1856.
It. H. BRUSH AXD OTHERS.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is a joint resolution
on the table that 1 suppose can be passed by unan-
imous consent, to correct some clerical errors m
the tariff bill passed the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No action can be
taken at present, because there is not a quorum
present.
Mr. SIMMONS. Everybody will agree to
this; and I expert there is a quorum here now.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent to
make-ft repot t.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have entered the Chamber since the result of the
vote was announced,and there may be a quorum
present. If the question is no longer raised, the
Chair will assume that a quorum is present, and
will receive the report of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (II. U. No.
375) for the confirmation of the title to the Saline
lands in Jackson county, State of Illinois, to D.
H. Brush and otheis, report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. 1 ask for its
consideration now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
lime, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the Mouse of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Cl 'i k, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolutions; and they were signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 19) legalizing certain entries of
lands ou Leavenworth island, in the State of
Missouri-,
A bill (S. No. 399) for the relief of Thomas G.
Corbm;
A bill (S. No. 459) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page, United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B.
Mills, widow of Robert Mills;
A bill (S. No. 502) for the relief of Taylor
Dudley, of Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 524) authorizing; the Secretary
of the Treasury to i^sue a register to the schooner
Perseverance, of Ogdensburg, New York;
A bill (S. No. 561) for the relief of Daniel B.
Hibburd;
1 A bill (S. No. 565) for the relief of Lewis War-
| rington, paymaster United States Navy;
| A bill (S. No. 567) granting to the States of
I Minnesota and Oregon certain lands reserved by
S Congress for the Territories of Minnesota and
| Oregon for University purposes;
I A bill (S. No. 568) for the relief of Leslie Coombs
and Robert H. Crittenden, sureties of the late
A. J. Mitchell, purser in the United States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. No. 45) authorizing the
issue of the same quota of arms to the State of
1 California, for the years 1850 and 1851, as was
: issued to that State in 1852;
I A joint resolution (S. No. 64) for the appoint-
| mcnt of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution;
j A joint resolution (S. No. 65) authorizing Cap-
1 tain William L. Hudson, of the United States
! Navy, to accept a diamond brooch for his wife,
I presented to her by the Emperor of Russia;
j A joint resolution (S. No. 67) authorizing N.
; H. Smiley, United States commercial agent at the
[ Falkland Islands, to receive a telescope tendered
j to him by the Belgian Government;
| A bill (H. R. No. 200) to provide for the com-
; pletion of the military road from Fort Union to
! Santa Fc, and from Taos to Santa Fe, New Mex-
! ico;
j A bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove the United
! States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to
| provide for the sale of the lands on which the
i same is located;
| A bill (H. R. No. 537) for the relief of Katha-
I rine K. Russell;
• A bill (H R. No. 8G5) making appropriations
1 for the cuiient and contingent expenses of the
' Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1869;
A bill (I-I. R. No. 895) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending; June 30, 1862;
A bill (H, R. No. 665) to amend an act ap-
proved February 5, 1859, entitled, " An act pro-
viding for keeping and distributing all public doc-
uments, and for other purposes'/'
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 70) to quit title
to lands in the State of Iowa; and,
A joint resolution (I-I. R. No. SO) to amend the
Constitution of the United States.
METROPOLITAN OAS COMPANY.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 203. It
is a vcrv shoi t bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to say to the Senator
from Iowa that the vote must be completed on
taking up the gas bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
having come in, the Chair assumed the presence
of a quorum without any question.
Mr. BRIGHT. What is the result of the vote
to take up the Gfas bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The result is, that
no quorum voted, according to the record.
M r. BRIGHT. Has the Chair decided whether
the bill is taken up or not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
that, no quorum voting, the bill is not taken up.
Mr, BRIGHT. Then the motion fails,
Mr. KING. But I think the first question on
the piesenee of a quorum is, to vote to take up
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the question,
if it be insisted on.
Mr. CLARK. I insist upon a vote again on
that bill -
The VICE PRESIDENT. That, then, is the
pending question; to take up the bill indicated by
the Senator fiom New Hampshire.
Mr. BRIGHT. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted, yeas 33, nay 1; as follows:
YE \S'—-Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Bragg,
Bright, C'handlci, Ciaik, Clingman, Collamer, Doohttle,
Douglas Uiirkee, Fe?senden, Fo^r, Guinea, Harlan,
Hemphill, John-on of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lano,
Latham, filornll, Nicholson, roJk, Powell, ltiee, Simmons,
>Sumiici, Tt'ii Evck, Trumbull, Wade, ;md Wilson—33.
NAY—Mr. Green—1. |
So the motion wus agreed to. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is j
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, !
[Mr. Bigler.] to reconsider the vote by which j
the bill was passed. [
Mr. CLARK. I desire simply to say that the
charter of this company is exactly like the old
one, with the -change of the names of the corpo-
rators. I do not wish to debate it, but simply to
ask a vote on the motion to reconsider, if the
Senate shall please, so that the bill shall not be
defeated by indirection.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator is mistaken as to
its beingprecisely the same bill which was passed
some years ago, giving similar privileges to an-
other company. The individual-liability clause
in the eleventh section of the bill, which was
passed, is left out in this bill. By that clause of
this bill,the stockholders are made liable only to
the amount of their individual stock. The charter
of the presentcompany, which I have before me,
makes them individually liable, without any lim-
itation. There is a very great difference. There
is something due io the company that has labored
under the embarrassments the present company
have labored under 
Mr. WILSON, Will the Senator from Indiana
give way for a few moments, to allow the Senator
from Rhode Island to call up a joint resolution,
which is very important to go to the House of
Representatives, and be acted on at once ? It will
not take a minute.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am quite sincere in wishing
to perfect this bill. I do not intend to make any
factious opposition to it; but I do not intend that it
shall pass without an effort to put it in what I con-
sider proper shape, and at the same time giving
to those who are corporators in the present com-
pany what are their just rights. This is a ques-
tion that has been not only before the Committee
on the District of Columbia, but before the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. It is
well understood. This is an effort to put through
a bill to give to five corporators, wholly irrespons-
ible, certain powers and privileges, for the pur-
pose of enabling them to sell out.
Mr SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will allow me to call up a joint resolution,
to correct some clerical errors in the tariff bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will give the Senator the
floor ih a moment. I do not wish to be placed in
the attitude of making factious opposition to any
measure at this hour of the session. It is some-
thing I never have done; but I wish to show the
Senate, before I yield the floor, that there is some-
thing real in the objection which I make to this
bill. It is a bill that was presented at the last
session; and then the Committee on the District
of Columbia refused to make a favorable report
upon it. At this session, the chaiiman of the
committee was changed, as is well known, and
the bill has forced its way into the Senate again.
I cannot learn, however, that a majority of the
committee consented to a favorable report; but it
is here. It passed theotherday withoutmy know-
ing it, without the Senator from Pennsylvania
knowing it, and without the knowledge of several
others who felt an interest in the matter. The
first intimation I had that the bill had passed was
about the time the Senator from Pennsylvania
moved the reconsideration.' Wo have sought sev-
eial times since to get the question considered,
but have not been able to do so until this time.
Now that it is up, I will state, in a few words,
that I wish to incorporate the individual-liability
clause; and I presume there will be no objection
to that; at least, I hope there will be uone on this
side of the House. It is a part of the charter of
another company of the same character m this
city. Again, I wish an amendment inserted to
prevent the location of a nuisance of this kind
within a certain distance of the property of pri-
vate individuals without their consent; and when
the vote passing the bill is reconsidered, if the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will allow these two
amendments to be made, I will forego offering
several others that I have which I think less im-
portant. Now I will yield the floor to the Senator
from Missouri, who tells me that he desires to
withdraw some papers.
On motion of Mr. GREEN it was
Ordered, That leave be gt anted to withdraw the papers
in the cases of flezekiaii Puchetr, Feigusuu Smith, N.iuev
Weckd, and Iiannah McDowell.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to take up the joint
resolution to correct some clerical ertors in the
tariff bill.
