450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
the unanimous support of the committee in whose
behalf I have presented it, will be sufficient to
satisfy any candid man that it should receive the
unanimous support of the House. It involves the
defeat of a claim for more than $G0,G00. It is true,
this may not be regarded as a large amount in com-
parison with many that pass under the consider-
ation of this House, or with that of some other
private claims even which have been allowed by
Congress without any semblance of justice or
right; but it is surely a large sum in the present
state of the Treasury to put into the pocket of
any claimant, against equity and against right,
by any agency of this House.
Beyond this, sir, this measure has another and
a higher purpose than merely protecting the
Treasury in this single case, important as this is.
It is intended as a discouragement to all that class
of persons who are lying around this Capitol
with specious, plausible, but substantially ground'
less claims, waiting their opportunities to secure
for them by schemes, inventions, management,
and appliances, the sanction of Congress.
Sir, while I would have the Government dis-
charge scrupulously and promptly all its just ob-
ligations, 1 would have it meet with a uniform and
stem denial all fictitious and fabricated claims,
and all exaggerations of just claims, by whom-
soever they might be preferred, or by whatsoever
combination they might be attempted to be sus-
tained.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, hav-
ing had occasion to examine this case with some
care, I desire to say that, in my judgment, a more
groundless claim or reckless allowance was never
presented to or made by any Department since
the beginning of the Government. Therefore, I
shall vote for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BARR. I should like to hear the resolu-
tion that it is proposed to repeal; I want to know
what wc arc doing.
Mr. EDWARDS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BARR. Let the resolution be read which
it is now- proposed to repeal.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I ask the Clerk to
read what I have marked. The first is an extract
from the Congressional Globe, relating to proceed-
ings in the Senate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The joint resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the claim of
George Fblicr, late of Florida, deceased, was read a second
tune, and con&idcrcd as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the jomt resolution appioved June 3, 1885,
* devolving upon the Secretary of War the execution of the
net of Congress entitled " An act Mippicim-ntal to an act
therein mentioned, approved Deeembei'22.18,")4," ' shall be
so connrucd as to require the Secretary ot War to reexam-
ine and settle the account therein referred to, and to admit
the depositions formerly rejected for want of authentica-
tion, it' they are now duly authenticated by the executive
of Alabama, and to allow such Items and valuations in the
nrcounts a-j are proved to In: due, and arc anywise afiected
!■>> that testimony, without disturbing those not so afiected;
and to tacilitate the adjustment,the Secietary rtf War is *o
to construe the joint resolution as to roqune that the claim-
ants fchull ho ciudited with the item* and valuations con-
joined or specified in fheofliciaJ communication and state-
ment of t/je Second Auditor of the Treasury, under date
«'! January 20, !b5tf; but if any portion of the'items or val-
uations have been heietofore allowed, they are to be de-
ducted, and the excess or remainder only he accounted lor.
"Mr. Trumbull. I should like to hear the lepott. I
eannot unde^tand this, from the reading of the resolution."
Mr. EDWARDS. The Clerk will now read the
second extract, being the resolution substituted
for the Senate resolution, and being the resolu-
tion now proposed to be rescinded.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The joint resolution of 1860 piovldcs that the Secre-
tary of War is hereby authorized and required to revise
his execution of the act of Congress, entitled 4 An act sup-
plemental to an act therein mentioned,' approved Decem-
ber 22, 1854, required of him by a joint resolution of Con-
gress, approved June 3, 1858, and on said revision to
consider and give effect to all the testimony filed m said
ease, including certain depositions formerly rejected by the
Second Auditor of the Tieasury forthe want of authentica-
tion, but now duly authenticated, and to restate and settle
the account heretotore stated and settled bv him under said
resolution, and to make such corrections in his said former
statement and settlement, and such fuither allowances, if
any, on account of said claim, beyond what hasheretofoie
been allowed and paid, as, in his opinion, justice to the
claimant shall require."
Mr- KUNKEL. I think we haci better have
the whole report of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs read to the House. I am not familiar enough
with the merits of this case to vote on it at this time.
I am not permitted to propound any question, the
previous qu«stion having been demanded. If the
fentleman from New Hampshire withdraws his
emand for the previous question, perhaps he can
enlighten me on some points.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 am ready to answer any
question the gentleman may propound to me.
Mr. KUNKEL. I understood the gentleman
to admit that this claim has some foundation, and
that it was ascertained by the First or Second
Auditor, after three or four specific examinations,
that there was something due to this claimant.
Mr. EDWARDS. That has all been paid.
Sixty -six thousand dollars has already been paid
on this claim, while theoriginal claim,forall dam-
ages, was only for 015,000.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered; and under
the operation thereof, the joint resolution was
ordered to be engrossed arid read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIVINGSTON, KINCAID & CO.
Mr. ALDRICH,from the Committee on jn_
dian Affairs, reported back House resolution No.
44, authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
adjust the claim of Livingston, Kincaid & Co.,
with the recommendation that it do pass; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Un ion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wasiieuiine, of Illinois, in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the Army appropriation
bill; and that oil that business the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON addressed the committee
for an hour. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ha ve list-
ened with respect and attention to ail that has
fallen from my colleague, [Mr. Pendleton.]
Much that he has said I approve; hut it seems to
me that instead of appealing to this side of Jthe
House for conciliation, kindness, arid forbearance,
he should appeal to those around him, whoZlone
provoke the cxcitcnient now prevailing in this
country.
He fsava the Army should not be used to coerce
nState. If by this he means that the Army should
not be used to conquer a State, to compel her to
he represented, to maintain the courts or post
offices within her limits, to burn her cities or des-
olate her fields, ho is entirely correct. I do not
believe that any Administration will pursue such
a policy. But, sir, we have a Government, a
great Government, to maintain. It is supreme
within the powers delegated to it; and it is pro-
vided with ampleauthority to protectitself against
foreign or domestic enemies. It has the exclusive
right to collect duties on imports. It is the ex-
clusive owner of forts, arsenals, navy-yards, ves-
sels, and munitions of war. It has a flag, the
symbol of its nationality, the emblem of its power
and determination to protect all those who may
of right gather under its folds. It is our duty, as
the representatives of this Government, to main-
tain and defend it in the exercise of its just
powers. Has it trespassed upon the rights of a
single individual? Does any citizen of South
Carolina complain that this Government has done
him wrong? No man can say that. The Gov-
ernment for years has been in the hands of the
Democratic party, controlled chiefly by southern
citizens. They have controlled its power and
patronage; and now, when the Republican party
is about to assume the reins, they seek to subvert
it. They organize revolution under the name of
secession.
What have they done? The people of the
State of South Carolina have seized the custom-
house in the city of Charleston; they have closed
that port, and prevented the United States from
the exercise of its conceded exclusive power of
collecting the revenue from imports. They have
taken, by force, money from the Treasury of the.
United States, and applied ft to their own use.'
They have seized the arms arid munitions of
war of the United States deposited in arsenals
within the conceded exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States, and turned them-against the Army
of the United States. They have seized the rev-
enue and the property of the United States. They
have seized a loyal citizen of the United States
engaged m the discharge of his duty, imprisoned
him, and threatened his life, for the exercise of a
plain constitutional duty, charging him with trea-
son against the State of South Carolina. They
have taken citizens of different States, rightfully
and peacefully attending to their business, insulted
them, inflicted the most degrading indignities
upon -them, and then forcibly expelled them.
They have raised a military force of artillery, cav-
alry, and infantry, with the avowed purpose of
expelling, or, to use their own chosen word, co-
ercing, the United States from the forts, arsenals,
and other property still in the possession of the
United States. When Major Anderson, forthe
safety of his small force, removed it from Fort
Moultrie to Port Sumter, they seized Fort Moul-
trie, Fort Pinckney, and other property.
More recently they fired upon a vessel in the
employ of the United States,conveying reinforce-
ments and provisions to our troops. In this act
of war, they used the cannon and munitions of
war paid for out of our Treasury. Forts ceded
by the State of South Carolina to the United
States were used to expel a vessel of the United
States in the pursuit of its lawful commerce.
When the "star-spangled banner" was hoisted to
her mast-head, as a sign of nationality, appealing
to all the patriotic recollections which cluster
around it—your flag, my flag,the flag of Virginia,
of Ohio, of Kentucky, of Massachusetts, the flag
of every State and of the whole Union, the rustle
oi whose folds has so often excited the pride and
patriotic ardor of Americans in every part of the
habitable globe—that flag, invoked forthe piotec-
tion of an unarmed vessel, carryingprovisions to
oui own troops, was fired upon and dishonored.
An act of war by citizens of the United States, and
therefore an act of treason, was applauded by offi-
cers and citizens of that State, and perhaps by those
of other States. It was not an act of war against
you and me merely, but against every loyal and
patriotic citizen of this great Republic. Up to that
moment we had done nothing. This Government
has been more forbearing,more quiet, more com-
placent, under this series of offenses, than any
Government instituted since the foundation of
governments.
And now, Mr. Chairman, the same lawless vio-
lence is breaking out in other parts of the coun-
try. Forts, arsenals, navy-yards, and vessels of
war, intrusted without defense to the patriotism
of the people, have, upon one pretext or another,
been seized, and are now held by lawless force.
Upon the recommendation of members of Con •
gress, Fort Pulaski was seized by troops, under
an older from the Governor of Georgia. I sup-
pose there is not a member upon the other aide
who will declare that it would be given up peace-
fully to the troops of the United States if it were
demanded by our national authorities. More re-
cently still, the navy-yard at Pensacola was taken
by an armed forcc, under the order of the Gov-
ernor of Florida. I have here a telegraphic dis-
patch sent to this Government:
January 12, 1861.—Commissioners appointed bv the
Cfq ■vernor of Florida, with a regiment of armed men at the
gafe, demanded the surrender of this navy-yard, having pre-
vioRjgfy taken possession of one of the magazines. I sur-
lenuerefl the place and struck my flag at half past one
o'clock, p. m., this day.'5
Here, then, is the Governor of one State, the
weakest of all, with a regiment of armed men, who
goes to a navy-yard of the United States, having
first seized the magazine containing gunpowder
and muniments of war—who goes with this armed
force to a navy-yard in the charge of a captain of
the United States Navy,and demands possession.
Then the flag of your country and of mine is low-
ered to lawless force.
Mr. Chairman, suppose Great Britain, suppose
France, suppose all the Powers of the world com-
