1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
bined, had thus outraged the flag of the United
► States: would not every one of us have demanded
menand pioney to wipe out the indignity, and to
repel further like assaults, at whatever hazard?
Yet, sir,the Governor of Florida, before the State
of Florida had seceded, goes with an armed force,
seizes upon our property, and turns the guns of
the people of the United States against the Army
and the Navy of the United States. I am also
told—with what truth I do not know—that can-
non are planted upon the banks of the Mississippi
river, at or near the city of Vicksburg, in the State
of Mississippi, and that our steamboats are now
compelled to land there and to give an account of
themselves. We do not know at what moment
they may be subject to tribute and seizure. To
whom? To the State of Mississippi? I agree with
all my colleagues from the State of Ohio, from
both sides of this House, that there is one thing
immutable—a law that is a higher law. It is, that
the Mississippi river, gathering all the rivulets of
the Northwest into one current, must be permit-
ted to float our commerce uninterrupted and un-
trammeled to the sea, or thousands of men will
float down upon its waters and make it free.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio will
allow me to ask him whether the statement he has
just made is founded upon any good authority?
Can he inform this House authoritatively that
cannon have been planted upon the banks of the
Mississippi, to control the navigation of that
river?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only respond, that
what I have stated I saw in the newspapers of the
day. 1 have already declared that I have no of-
ficial information upon the subject. I know from
private information that citizens of Ohio, engag d
m lawful commerce—men of political opinions
like those professed by you, [Mr. Branch]—have
been detained in the State of Louisiana until th<y
could send back to Ohio for proof that they luid
not voted for Mr. Lincoln. As this was an act
of lawless violence, not sanctioned by a State, I
arraign no one for it.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman will allow me
still fuither. I,will tell the gentleman from Ohio,
what we all know very well, that there are many
thingsin the newspapers which afterwards turnout
to be untrue. There is now no gentleman upon
this floor from the State of Mississippi who can
give accurate and reliable information as to the
circumstances referred to by the gentleman from
Ohio; and I wish simply to say to him that the
gentlemen around me, those who are in the best
position to know whether this fact is true or not,
are of the opinion that it is without foundation,
and entirely untrue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that it may not be
true. I trust to find that it is entirely without
foundation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let me say a word to the
gentleman from Ohio. I presume that the whole
of this statement which has gone out into the press
of the country about cannon having been planted
upon the banks of the Mississippi river may have
grown out of the fact that there was some appre-
ension on the part of the people dwelling upon
that river that General Scott was preparing to
send down a large force for the purpose of com-
mencing an invasion into the southern States from
some point in the State of Mississippi. I do not
know that cannon have been planted; but if there
has been, then it has been done for their protection
and defense. I would do so were I in their place,
apprehending such an invasion.
Mr, SHERMAN. I stated that I found the
fact in the newspapers of the day; and upon the
newspapers we have to rely until we are fur-
nished with official information. It is certain that
our flag has been fired into; that the property of
the United States has been seized; and that the
guns of the United States have been turned against
the people and the shipping of the United States.
It is certain that acts of war have been committed
by the State of South Carolina. No one doubts,
I suppose, that the forts at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi are in the possession, not of the troops
of the United States, but troops that will resist
the troops of the United States. There is no doubt
that Raton Rouge has been seized; no doubt, sir,
that act after act of war has been repeated. I ask
you, as the Representatives of a brave people,
what shall we do ? The question is not, shall we
coerce a State? but shall we not defend the prop-
erty of the United States against all enemies, at
home or abroad, here or wherever the flag of our
country floats?
Must this Government submit to insult and in-
dignity? Must it surrender its property, its flag,
its nationality? Do you, gentlemen from Vir-
ginia, whose great statesmen had so large a share
in laying the foundations of our Government, de-
sire to see it thus dishonored? Are you ready to
join excited men, who will not listen to reason;
who even spurn your patriotism as timidity; who
reject your councils, and who would drag you as
unwilling victims at the heel of their car of Jug-
gernaut, crushing under its weight all hope of
civil liberty for ages to come ? Are you aroused
into madness by political defeat?
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I never decline to yield.
Mr. HILL. I think I know the feelings of the
honorable gentleman well enough to know that
the question I am about to ask will not be deemed
offensive. I desire to ask him whether he thinks
that it is wholly incompatible with the dignity
of our great country that conciliation should be
had with these parties that have so grievously
offended, according to his argument, by the cap-
ture of these forts? Must these acts be expiated
by blood, before any terms of accommodation can
be had ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Georgia,
whose patriotic feelings I know jtnd appreciate,
well knows that I do not bring this matter for-
ward for the purpose of adding to the excitement,
but for the purpose of showing that the argument
was not stated correctly by my colleague, [Mr.
Pendleton.] He said that we threatened to
coerce a State; that tve were about to inaugurate
civil war; that tve were devising means to march
down upon and conquer South Carolina. My
argument is, that South Carolina is not coerced;
but that she is coercing this great Government;
that she is coercing all the border slave States;
that she is leading them by wild fanaticism, and
by the community of interests, to take a step
which I do not believe Virginia, or North Caro-
lina, or Maryland, or any of the border States,
would take, in the light of calm and cool reason.
I do not wish to be misapprehended. I do not
wish to have it supposed that 1 would make war
upon any people of common blood and common
heritage and common name; but 1 do say that it
is your duty, gentlemen of the southern States,
your duty, my friend from Georgia, to see to it
that if this Government is to be dissolved, at least
we should preserve the honor of our flag until
hostile sections—not insignificant States—lead
the van.
Mr. CLEMENS. "Will the gentleman allow
me one word ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CLEMENS. I want to say a few words
only.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; go on.
Mr. CLEMENS. The course of South Car-
olina toward Virginia has not only been marked
as the gentleman from Ohio lias characterized it,
but her Governor declared in his message that
Virginia must be dispensed with; that South Car-
olina must act without her, because she holds the
Union above the Constitution; and now Virginia
is called upon to interpose to save a State from
the just indignation of the people of the United
States, which, in the inauguration of a revolution
like this, could fix a stigma such as that upon a
sister State of the Confederacy!
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me for one moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not consider me discourteous if I decline to do so
at this point.
Sir, it was but the other day that I was told by
a distinguished citizen of an absolute monarchy—
and the remark made a deep impression upon my
mind—that he deplored the events now transpir-
ing around us; that he deplored what he consid-
ered the inevitable fall of this Republic; hut, said
he, one good will result from it: it will stop for-
ever the struggle for free institutions in Europe;
it will establish upon a secure basis the existing
Governments of the Oid World, i felt that the
remark was true. If this Government cannotsur-
vive a constitutional election; if we cannot defend
our property and protect our flag; if this Govern-
ment crumbles before the first sign of disaffection,
what hope is there for free institutions in coun-
tries where kings and nobles and marshals and
hereditary institutions and laws of primogeniture
have existed for ages? Sir, when in modern tjmes
the love to liberty has inspired the masses of any
people to demand the right of self-goyernment,
they have been pointed to the Frencn revolution
of 1798, and to South America, where changing
Republics rise and disappear so rapidly tMt not
ten men in this House can tell me their names.
They have been pointed also to Mexico. God
forbid that the despots of the Old World should
ever adorn their infernal logic by pointing to a
disrupted Union here! It was said, with a poet's
license, that—
"Freedom shrieked as Kosciusko fell.5*
Sir, freedom will die with the fall of this Re-
public. Those who survive the first calamity will
find springing into existence military despotisms
North, South, East, and West. Instead of two
divisions, there will be many divisions. Thecon-
dition of this country will be worse than that of
Mexico, because wc are a braver, a stronger, a
more powerful people, and shall fight each other
with greater tenacity. If this Government is dis-
solved, the man now lives who will be the Na-
poleon of some section of this Republic. All his-
tory teaches us that a free Government is never
broken up and disrupted unless a military des-
potism of force is substituted for the will of the
people; and wc have no right to suppose that our
country will be an exception to the general rule.
Mr. Chairman, I appeal in all candor to the
Representatives of the border States to arrest the
tide that, but for you, will in a few days place
us in hostile array with each other. I know that
the movements in the cotton States have gone so
far that wc cannot arrest them. I appeal to the
Representatives of the border States to arrest the
progress of this storm for a little time, at least.
Let us see whether there is any hope for peace
and conciliation. If there is not, then, if we can-
not agree, let us fight; but if we can agree, let us
do it like men, and not be hurried off by wild and
insane feelings of rage and disappointment by the
weakest State in this Confederacy. Sirs, if you
do, peace will again smile upon our country. If
you do not, I see nothing bat civil war before us.
My colleague may paint in beautiful language the
blessings of peace; and cry " peace! peace ! when
there is no peace;" but, Mr. Chairman, you and
I see already rising in the West, where military
feeling is so rife, a spirit which will not biook
much longer the insults already cast upon the flag
of our country. I do not threaten; for I dread—
not for you and me, or the members of this House,
for I suppose we have the ordinary courage of
our race; we are but atoms in the storm—but
thousands and millions of men, like us, will re-
gret the day when this Government was hurried
into revolution, without opportunity for parley
or delay. If your people will not aid the Gov-
ernment in maintaining the public property in the
seceding States, then we must do it in spite of
you, or perish in the attempt. We must not
allow the Government to crumble at our feet. You
can arrest this movement, and you alone can do
it. I ask you, gentlemen from Virginia and the
South, does not your blood boil with indignation
when you read of the surrender of our forts and
the dishonor of our flag? Are they not yours as
well as mine? Has the feeling of sectionalism
become stronger than the love of country ? I ask
if the same patriotism which brought your fathers
and mine into common battle-fields, amid all the
storms of the Revolution, does not now rebel
when you are forccd into a civil war by the mad-
ness of a few men in the southern States ? Sir, I
do not believe it. For the moment, under the
smartof imaginary wrongs, under the disappoint-
ment of political defeat, your people may be hur-
ried into acts of madness; but when returning
reason comes, woe be to those who have led them
astray! Then a single wave of the star-spangled
banner will silence the miserable party cries with
which you have misled them.
Let us not deceive ourselves with the idea that
this Government can be broken upon Mason and
Dixon's line, or upon any other line, without in-
volving us in all we dread. There is no man, with
a head to reason and a heart to feel, who does not
shudder at the idea of civil war. Do you suppose
that this Government can be divided in two,
