1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
Government was founded. Mr. Jefferson, when
elected President in 1801, declared the true prin-
ciple. He said it was the duty of all good citizens
to obey the Constitution; to submit to a constitu-
tional election; and he congratulated the country
that the Federalists were willing to give the Dem-
ocrats a fair trial.
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not ask me. I have been already led from the
course of my remarks through interruptions. I
do not mean any discourtesy to the gentleman.
Mr. LEAKE. Then the gentleman from Ohio
denies me the courtesy which I aslc, and denies
such courtesy to nobody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 repeat that I do not want
to be discourteous to the gentleman, and I will
allow him to proceed.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman from Ohio quotes
not the language exactly, but substantially the
language of a man who lived in the county in
which I was born, who died there, and is buried
there—Thomas Jefferson. His language was,
that it was the duty of all parties to the compact
to obey the Constitution and the laws of the land.
And now 1 demand to know ofthegentleman from
Ohio, whose high character and high intelligence
will enable him to answer me, whether Ohio, his
own State, is not. now in open rebellion against
the Constitution and laws of the United States ? I
demand to know whether she has not passed a
law which violates the Constitution and laws of
the United States in undertaking to violate the
fugitive slave law; and whether her Governor has
not, on solemn requisition of the Governor of
Virginia, refused to surrender a man, not be-
cause he stole a negro, but because he was con-
cerned in the John Brown Harper's Ferry not?
Has not Governor Dennison refused to surrender
that man on the requisition of the Governor of
Viiginia? Who. then, is amendable to the charge
which he is making against the South?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man fiom Vnginia; and 1 trust then 1 e will not
further interrupt me. Ohio is true to all her con-
stitutional obligations. It is said that Ohio has
a personal liberty bill, as you call it. It is not
true; there is no such law upon her statute-book.
Her law agamst kidnapping is similar to the law
of Virginia, and she has no other. Her Legisla-
ture is now carefully examining all our laws to
see if there is, by possibility, any clause orsection
which invades the constitutional right of any
State.
The gentleman says Ohio lias refused to sur-
render up fugitives from justice. I am here to de-
fend my native State. I say it is not so. On the
contrary, Governor Dennison refused lo respond
to the requisition in the case alluded to simply
because the papers showed on their face that the
alleged criminal never was in Virginia. They
were based upon a mere constructive presence, a
doctrine under which a citizen of Ohio, in Ohio,
maybe dragged to Virginia for trial for an act
lawful ill Ohio. Governor Dennison gave the same
decision that has been sanctioned by trie courts
of the southern States; and in strict acccordance
with the common-law principle that an accused
shall be tried where the offense is committed.
Neither in the case alluded to of the difficulty
between Ohio and Kentucky, has any right of
Kentucky been violated. Governor Dennison fol-
lowed the decision of the Governor of Kentucky,
who held that no man could be taken from Ken-
tucky into Ohio, and delivered up on a charge of
stealing or kidnapping negroes, or other offenses
not recognized as criminal by the laws of Ken-
tucky. Governor Dennison followed therecoided
opinion of a distinguished attorney general of
Ohio, now a citizen of Kentucky. 1 now and
here fully justify him in the course he pursued.
But, sir, 1 do not propose to argue this question.
I have merely alluded to it for the purpose of
showing that Ohio is true to all herconstitutional
obligations; and that her example cannot be in-
voked to justify nullification or treason.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman from
Ohio will permit me, I desire his authority for
stating that any Governor of Kentucky ever re-
fused to surrender a fugitive, on the ground that
stealing negroes was not a crime.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that in the
case I refer to he decided that unless the offense
charged in the requisition is an offense at common
law, it is not covered by the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENSON I beg leave to differwith
the gentleman, and I must ask his authority even
for that statement. The official records of my
State will show 110 such case.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, the Gov-
ernor of Ohio has himself spoken in his rccent
message, and I can only refer to that message.
He has fully maintained, justified, and defended
his action in this matter. Now, I trust, as so
much of my time has already been taken up by
these interruptions, that I shall be permitted to go
.on without giving way to any gentleman further.
Mr. BRANCH. I propose that, byunanimous
consent, the gentleman's time shall be extended.
It is due to him, on account of these interrup-
tions, that it should be.
Mr. LEAKE. I move that the gentleman's
time be extended.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the time of the gentleman will be extended beyond
his hour.
Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM. Before that is done,
inasmuch as the chairma ' of the Ways and Means
has, as I am informed, made an allusion to myself,
which 1 did not hear, I ask a moment first to
reply, and then I will make no objection, under
the circumstances, to the proposed extension of
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
yield to my colleague, if my time may be extended.
Mr. FAR.NS WORTH. I object.
Mr. VALLAND1G1IAM. '1 wish only to
make a single remark. I said 1 did not hear the
allusion my colleague made to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the objection to extend-
ing my time is withdrawn, I will repeat what I
said, and my colleague can reply to it. I simply
said I regretted that Ohio %vas not unanimous upon
the subject of the resolution indorsing Major An-
derson's conduct; and that one of my colleagues,
the gentleman from the Dayton district, [Mr.
Vallandigha.m,] votedngainstit,aildthatanother
colleague was not present to vote.
Mr. VALLANDfGHAM. I voted against
that resolution in the form in which it stands
upon your Journal—an indoisement in blank of
the then present and future policy of the Admin-
istration. I should so vote again; but if the res-
olution had been divided, and if I had known
what 1 am now informed to be true—that the Ex-
ecutive of the Federal Government did not dis-
close to Major Anderson, as he ought to have
done, the agreement or understanding between
him and the authorities of South Carolina, or with
members of Congress from that State—I would
have most cheerfully voted to indorse the wise
act of Major Anderson; wise and prudent, cer-
tainly, judging of it from a military point of view,
and acting as he did act, without, knowledge of
the agreement to which I have referred. He vio-
lated no faith by his act.
One thing further. It is true that Ohio has
no personal liberty bills; but she did have three
years ago, and enacted by a Republican Legisla-
ture—what was equivalent to a personal liberty bill
—an act of personal replevin, under which, ill
1857, actual armed resistance to Federal author-
ity in a fugitive slave case occurred; which bill,
along with others of a similar character and intent,
was lepealed two years ago by a unanimous vote
of the Democratic members of the Legislature of
that State, (icn Democratic, against the unani-
mous vote of the Republican members in both the
Senate and the House. This thunder is not Re-
publican thunder, and the gentleman cannot be
allowed to steal it.
Mr. SICKLES. With the indulgence of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to correct a state-
mont jU«t made.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot yield further.
Mr. SICKLES. Merely to correct an error.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I cannot re-
fuse to yield.
, Mr. SICKLES. I merely desire to state that
] the agreement which the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mi-.'Vallandigiiam,] who has just taken his
beat., has assumed to have existed, never did ex-
j ist. The Executive has distinctly declared that
| no such agreement or understanding was ever
' entered into on ,ns part, and thatif any suchagree-
j ment was made, it was done by some officer not
! authorized to make it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I leave the ques-
tion of accuracy or veracity, as the case may be,
to be settled by those who were present at the
conference, and who affirm that there; was such
an understanding. •
Mr. BRANCH. I now renew my proposition
that the time of the gentleman from Ohio be ex-
tended. - *
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will not object, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio will use his time, and not give
it to others.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I objected to the prop-
osition when it was before made; but I am will-
ing to withdraw my objection if the gentleman
from Ohio will go on, and not suffer himself to
bo interrupted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and will consider it the sense, of the com-
mittee that the gentleman's lime be extended be-
yond the hour allowed him under the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I trust that gentle-
men will see that I cannot extend to them further
indulgence, but that I shall be permitted to go on
and finish what I have to say.
Under the grave responsibility upon which we
are acting, I feel it to be my duty to you, to my
fellow-members, and to my countrymen, North
and South, to say frankly, that in voting for this
Army bill, I vote with the expectation that the
Army will be used in protecting the acknowl-
edged property of the United States, in recover-
ing that which has been unlawfully taken, and in
maintaining the Union.
It may be said that the gravity of the events
that surround us demands a greater forcc than is
provided by this bill. The regular Army is a
mere skeleton. The piesent force will scarcely
defend our frontier from Indian incursions; but
it forms a nucleus capable of any reinforcement
demanded by the exigencies of the times. I do
not contemplate, in any event, hostile invasions
of the soil of any State, unless demantjed for the
defense of the acknowledged property of the Uni-
ted States. It is the duty of the Government to
suppress insurrection in a State; but in this event
the military power can only be used in strict sub-
ordination to the civil authority. If the. civil au-
thority refuse to call for such aid, or suppress the
courts, the military power cannot interfere. If
the courts are closed, the duties of postmasters
cannot be enforced, or the mails protected, and
therefore the'postal service must necessarily be
suspended. No doubt this measure will soon be
adopted. If the revenue is refused, or cannot be
collected, then goods cannot be imported, and
ports must be closed. If a State shall, in violation
of the Constitution, undertake to regulate com-
merce, then her commerce must be suspended.
No doubt other measures can be devised that will
preserve the peace of the country until the people
of the States may confer in a constitutional way,
unless one or more of the seceding States shall,
by military force, shed the blood of their fellow-
citizens, or refuse to surrender to the proper au-
thorities the acknowledged property of the Gov-
ernment. I know that all the gentlemen around
me must deeply deplore a civil war, especially if
that war shall involve the fate of this capital and
the disruption of the Government. No man with
a head to reason or a heart to feel can contemplate
the inevitable results of such a war without the
most serious desire to avert it. It is our duty as
members of this House, it is the duty of Congress,
I am luippy to say it is now the acknowledged
duty of the President, as it is of the incoming Ad-
ministration, to use forbearance to the cxtremest
point. Let not physical force bo arrayed in civil
war until the last hope of peace and conciliation
has been exhausted; then let each branch of the
Government, acting in concert with cach other,
perform their respective duties, though the heavens
fal!!
What can we do for peace and conciliation?
I anticipate at once your reply; you say, " let us
compromise; yield what we demand of you."
Let us compromise, and we will preserve the
Union; civil war will be averted. This I know
is the earnest appeal of patriotic men in Uie south-
ern State?, who would gladly give their lives to
stop the march of treason in those States. How
useless it is to talk about compromises, conces-
sions, conciliation, adjustment, when, if every-
thing was concedcd, the integrity of the Govern-
