1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
print tliera, speak them, preach Diem. The prov-
idence of God will, m due time and in His own
way, determine this difference of opinion. Opin-
ions may freely be left to test their strength be-
fore the Great Arbitrator. We go a step further.
We invite you into our midst. You can discuss
your peculiar opinions and views in any town or
city in the northern States. It would be far bet-
ter for you to invite a similar discussion of our
opinions rather than confess your weakness by
mob violence, and excite alarm among your cit-
izens, and unfounded hopes among your slaves,
by misrepresentations.
Your right to recapture fugitive slaves, under
the words " persons held to service," is not dis-
puted by any considerable number of persons.
By some it is held to be a right to be enforced
wholly by State authority; but it is settled by a
series of decisions, both in the Federal and State
courts, that it may bo enforced by congressional
enactment. We insist that the present law upon
that subject is unjust, harsh, and unconstitutional
m some of its provisions; that it may be used to
kidnap free men as readily as recapture fugitives;
and that its practical effect is to excite resistance.
It ought to be and will be modified. The laws of
the States to prcventabuses underit will then fall,
or be promptly repealed.
The complaint is made by gentlemen that fugi-
tives from justice have not been surrendered. I
have already referred to this matter in reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson.]
This grows out of the construction given to the
clause of the Constitution providing for such sur-
render in these words: "treason, felony, or other
crimes" include all prohibited offenses by State
law, or only crimes recognized by common law.
The Governors of Kentucky and Ohio have lim-
ited these woids to crimes at common law; but
no doubt they would follow a legislative construc-
tion when given. Let us declare that the sur-
render shall be made for all offenses committed in
person, within a State, and guard against con-
stiuctive crimes or a constructive presence. If a
citizen of Ohio enters within the jurisdiction of
Kentucky and violates her laws, lie should not
escape from punishment by fleeing to Ohio; nor
should a citizen of Kentucky so escape. Good
neighborhood and comity demand respect for even
police regulations.
The only remaining question, then, is in regard
to slavery in the Territories. As to Kansas, I
trust she may this day be admitted. I understand
the bill is now under consideration in the Senate,
How can gentlemen, without blushing for very
shame, say to us anything about slavery in the
Territories, when they seek to prevent the admis-
sion of Kansas? They attempted to drag her
unwillingly into the Union under thcLecompton
constitution, and yet the Senate delay her admis-
sion when she has an ample population,and pre-
sents a constitution approved by the people. Why,
then, not appeal to your political friends to do
promptly an act of justice by clothing her with
State sovereignty?
In regard to the balance of the territory north
of 3G° 30', I believe no sane man thinks, after the
experience we have had in Kansas, that slavery is
going into any territory north of that line. Indeed,
it is yielded thatslavery may be prohibited in that
territory by constitutional amendment. I know
that slavery can never be planted there. I care
not if Congress, I care not if the Supreme Court,
should so iecide, yet I know that slavery cannot
by any rule, by any law, or any decision, or by
any act, be carried into the territory north of360
30'. The attempt to carry it has been properly
met. The contest between freedom and slavery
was fought in Kansas. We won the victory; and
you ought to yield at once, and gracefully. The
victory was won two years ago, and not at the
last election.
The political power of slavery was settled in
the contest unhappily invoked by you. If the
slave States will fairly read the logic of events,
they would no longer seek to be the central sun
around which all the other States must revolve.
They will seek no longer the delusion of a united
South, thus inviting a united North; but as sep-
arate States and as separate communities of south-
ern States, as cotton States, as border Stales, as
western States, they will take their proper places
in this great community of States. Who thinks
of oppressing New England because New Eng-
land is in the minority? Who thinks of oppress-
ing the Pacific States because they arc m the
minority ? If the southern States will be but sat-
isfied with equality, and not thrust their local
institution upon us as a great national institution,
the contest about slavery will die away. Then
peace will be restored; harmony and quiet will
come. We will love each other better for the
strife that was between us. The declaration of
the Chicago platform, that freedom is the natural
condition of the Territories, will not then obstruct
your growth, expansion, power, or prosperity.
There is a Territory west of Arkansas covered
by treaty stipulations with the Indians. By our
treaties with the Indian tribes this Territory can-
not be admitted as a State or included within the
jurisdiction of a State; and therefore it is idle to
talk about it. The only Territory, then, which
remains is the Territory bounded on the south by
Mexico, on the north by Kansas and Utah, and
on the west by California, containing about two
hundred and seven thousand square miles—a nar-
row, thinly-populated country. When you an-
alyze all this controversy, the whole results in a
contestaboutaterritory, of but little value. Shall
New Mexico be free or slave? This is the ques-
tion upon which this Government is to be dis-
rupted, our flag dishonored, and upon which State
after State goes out of the Union. The question
is, whether New Mexico, with its peons, with its
wild lands, with its half-breeds and Mexicans,
its mixed population, shall bo free or slavehold-
mg Territory.
Mr.OTERO. Mr. Chairman, [laughter,] surely
the gentleman will permit me to interrupt him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield. I shall
soon be through; and the gentleman will havean
opportunity to reply.
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman should yield to
a reply against so infamous and malicious a libel
against the character of the people I represent.
A Voice. He must yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thegentleman says I must;
I say I won'l; and this is the end of it. I will,
however, say I wish no disrespect to the gentle-
man from New Mcxico. I desned to speak
frankly of the character of that population; of its
sparseness; of the aridness of its soil.
There are three propositions made in reference
to that Territory. The first is to leave it alone.
By the act organizing New Mexico, the people
of that Territory have a right to form themselves
into a State; to frame their institutions, not incon-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States,
and to apply for admission into the Union with
or without slavery, as their constitution may ap-
prove. The same organic law provides that their
Territorial Legislature may pass laws not incon-
sistent with the Constitution; but it provides also
that these laws may be sent here for our approval;
and if we disapprove them, they shall not be laws.
My colleague [Mr. BinghamJ last session intro-
duced a bill to declare our disapproval of some
provisions of those laws. The Senate did not
agree to the bill, and that Territory still stands,
nominally, a slaveholding Territory. I am told
that there is one negro slave man there and eleven
negro slave women, and a large number of peons.
Mr. OTERO. The peons are the gentleman's
peers.
Mr. SHERMAN. The peons, too, are the
gentleman's peers, for they elected him. They
are made citizens of the United States, and are
voters, and they have sent the gentleman here.
The next proposition is, that we shall admit
New Mexico as a State at once. She has one
hundred and six thousand inhabitants. It is pro-
posed to admit heras aState; and, of course, that
would allow her to frame, regulate, change, and
modify her own constitution. I must confess it
struck me favorably, and I gave my assent to it.
There are, however,-serious objections to it—not
in regard to slavery, but in regard to other ques-
tions which I might mention. 1 doubt very much
whether their people want a State government;
indeed I think I may say that the people are not
able to pay the expenses of a State government. I
believe I can say, from the best information, that
they do not desire a State Government. They
prefer to remain in a territorial condition. Then-
population is sparse, and their settlements remote
from each other. Under these circumstances, the
difficulty in the admission of New Mexico does
not grow out of the slavery question, but out of
other questions, and especially out of their system
of peonage. Yet I am willing to stand by the dec-
laration which I made to my constituents; ■and
I will vote for the introduction" of New. Mexico
as a State; and that is the ultima Ihul-e to-which I
will go.
We have another proposition, offered, by the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden.] It has been variously modified., Ican-
not vote for that proposition; and I will state
frankly the reason. In that proposition I find
this clause:
"In all the territory south of said line oflatltnde, slavery
of the African race is hereby recognized aa existing, and
shall not be interfered with by Congress ; hut shall he pro-
tected as property by all the departments of the territorial
government during its continuance."
This provision, protectingslaverym New Mex-
ico by constitutional enactment, is extended to all
the territory hereafter to be acquired. Why, sir,
on a recent occasion I proposed to amend this
section by providing that in future no territory
should be acquired except by treaty, requiring a
concurrence of two thirds of the States; and that
the act of acquisition should form it into a State,
Gentlemen from the South voted against it; and
they frankly confess they do not look to the ex-
tension of slavery in New Mexico, but look to
future acquisition. I think wehave had experience
enough in this matter, and I trust in God that, if
this country hangs together, we will acquire no
more territory; and that we may live in peace and
quiet. Not that I am opposed to the acquisition
of territory, perse; but rather than have a family
quaircl over the territory, rather than have this
quarrel between the North-and the South over
again, I would forego to the end of time the ac-
quisition of a single foot of territory.
I cannot vote for the proposition of the Senatot
from Kentucky, simply because it protects the
institution of slavery in the Territory of New
Mexico; it takes away from Congress all power
over the subject; it takes away from the people
of the Territory all power over the subject; it
makes this Government establish, protect, ami
uphold slavery in that Territory. I believe that
slavery is a local institution, municipal in its
character, protected by State laws, having rights
exclusively within those States, and having no
rights beyond those States except the right to
recapture fugitives who escape from service. Be-
lieving, as I do, that that is the correct construc-
tion of the Constitution, I never will, whatever
may be the consequences, vote for a proposition
to establish, protect, and uphold slavery any-
where on God's earth. And m doing this-,I only
use the language of the greatest statesman that
Kentucky ever produced. And here I might end
what I have to say. The proposition of thegen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge^ modi-
fies to some extent the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky; but even that does not meet the
difficulty; it still leaves substantially the provis-
ions of the Crittenden amendment, although he
has ingrafted upon it a provision against the fu-
ture acquisition of territory. I could not, there-
fore, vote for it; and I would not, the other day,
vote to suspend the rules to admit it. for the reason
that I will never vote to suspend the rules to admit
a resolution that I am not willing to vote for.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have gone over the
whole field. I have given my views, speaking
for no other man, frankly and fearlessly, as I will
stand by them now and in the future. I have
given you my opinion upon all these points. I
tell you that this whole controversy was fought
and won by us two years ago, and all you have
to do now is to admit Kansas. That is the only
act of power now needed. There let it stand. Let
us live together like a band of brothers. If we
cannot agree with you about slavery, why, you
do not agree with us. I know there has been a
great deal of intemperance of language on this
subject; but I ask, if it has been used upon our
side, has it not been used upon yours? If there
have been harsh and violent words used, I have
not uttered them, that I know of. If I have, I
beg every man's pardon; because I think that
violent language, calculated to stir up excitement
and agitation, ought not to beusedinadeliberative
assembly. I ask you if you have not sins to re-
pent of, if we have r Let us be at peace. Let us
go on with the administration oftheGovernment
Kindly, harmoniously,ho^rfuliy, trusting m that
