456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
providence of Almighty God which has thus far
guided and guarded us, until this nation -has be-
come a marvel to the world. Can we not go on
in the same way in which we have gone on in the
past? Why not let the Republican Administration
be inaugurated in peace and quiet? Try it,in the
name of God! Are you cowards, that you would
flee from an apprehension ? I know you are not.
Stand by the old ship of State! Give the Repub-
lican Administration afair chance. If itdoes not
do right, you will find thousands—ay, millions—
in the northern States who will stand by you. I
believe it will do right. Give it a trial. That is
all we ask, and what we will demand at all haz-
ards.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is now
closed upon this bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. By what authority has
the debate been closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. By authority of the com-
mittee. It was the general understanding of the
committee. There was no objection to it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am not aware that the
committee had any authority to fix the time at
which the debate should close; and, as we can
probably make no great advance in the bill to-
day,! would ask the indulgence of the committee
for a few moments only, to reply to the speech
which has just been made by the member from
Ohio,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Georgia that he presumes the
committee has really no authority to close the
debate; but that the committee can make an agree-
ment which it will stand to. It was the under-
standing of the committee that the debate upon
this bill should be closed last evening; but a fur-
ther understanding was made, by unanimous con-
sent, that it should close to-day, after the two
gentlemen from Ohio should have been heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will forego his remarks until Monday or
Tuesday, when he will no doubt have an oppor-
tunity of being heard, and that wo may pass the
Army bill to-night, or at least consider any
amendments that may be offered to it. That was
the understanding.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state that this may
be the last opportunity I may have of replying
to the gentleman's speech, and I beg leave to do
so to-duy i have no disposition to say anything
intemperate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Georgia if he approves of the
act of citizens of his State in taking possession of
the torts of the United States?
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will explain that to the
member from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN, Thcgentlrman from Geor-
gia asks the unanimous consent of the committee
that he be allowed a few minutes before the de-
bate closes. Is there any objection?
No objection was made.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I had not the most remote
idea of mingling in this discussion, or again ad-
dressing the Ilousc upon any subject whatever
during the brief space of time in which I should be
one of its members. But, sir, the very extraordi-
nary speech which has just fallen from the honor-
able member from Ohio demands a reply. That
gentleman no doubt reflects the opinions and pur-
poses of a majority of the party to which he be-
longs; and as his position here and in the country
will secure for his remurks a general perusal, they
must not go unanswered, it is with feelings of
great distrust that 1 undertake the vindication of
South Carolina and the other seceding States,
from the chargcs made by the gentleman from
Ohio; but Us very necessity leaves me no other
alternative. Ilis speech, without correction, will
have the effect of producing upon the public mmd
of the Noith, the impression that South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama,Mississippi,and Lou-
isiana, have commenced an aggressive war upon
the Government of the United States. It is not
just either to ourselves or to them, that they should
believe, for one moment, that we had, or intended
to commence, an aggressive war upon this Gov-
ernment or the people of theNorth. All that they
ever intended, was to protcct and defend them-
selves against encroachments upon their rights
and liberties?, come from what quarter they might.
Permit us now to examine the facts upon which
: the honorable member and myself have arrived
at such opposite conclusions. South Carolina
knew as well, Mr. Chan-man, on the 6th day of
November last that she intended to resume her
sovereignty as she did on the 20th day of De-
cember thereafter; and yet nothing was further
from her purpose, than an act which might be
construed by this Government into an act of war,
or a breach of their friendly relations with the
remaining Stated. It was her especial wish and
desire to preserve the fullest faith and confidence
between herself and the Federal Government.
And I stand here to-day to defend her, and to
maintain, in her name, that she has not at any
time violated her plighted faith, or committed any
act inconsistent with her honor or her rights.
Up to the very day of the adoption of her ordi-
nance, her course towards this Government was
as it ever had been; she made no assaults upon
the public property; she made no attack upon the
forts within her harbor; she did nothing that
could by possibility have been construed into a
purpose of offensive war upon the United States.
Upon the contrary, sir, she quietly selected the
members of her convention, and discharged every
duty which was? required of her by your Consti-
tution. Her membuis appeared upon tins floor;
they brought to you and to the executive gov-
ernment every assuiance of their friendly inten-
tions, they pledged their State against any act of
hostility to your rights, upon condition that you
were to observe and keep the same on your part
towards them. This assurance was made to your
Executive; and he asked a written memorandum
of the substance of the assurance from the Rep-
resentatives of South Carolina, which they gave
him, and it is as follows:
To Ilis Excellency .Tames Buchanan,
Present of the United Slates:
In compliance with oin statement to you yostculay, we
new expu's.N to you our :-tion<j coin ictions that neither the
roiiiititutotl rmfhot mos, nor nnv body of the people of the
Ht<u<> of South Caioltiui, will eithoi attack or molest the
I,'tilted !-U;Ue> (bits ui tlie harbor o) ('huileston, previou>ly
to the lu'iioii of the convention, and wo hope tuid believe
not until an olfoi ha^ I).'en made thioin;!) ail Aeeiedited
lcpioM'ntative, to negotiate loi an mineable annulment of
.ill matter between (It- Hute and Fedeial Govoinnient,
piovided that no I rtnlorceini-nt^ «.h:ill bo >ent into tho<;o
I oil-, and then (dative m.liUty Uatui shall remain a-> at
pioent.
JOHN M< QUEEN,
\VM. POKCUKIt WILES,
M L. 1!ON If AM,
W Y\\ BOYCE, •
LAWKEXCE M. ICE ITT.
Washington, December 9, 18G0.
Here we have a writ ton statement as to the pur-
poses and objects of South Carolina, which met
the approval and sanction of the Executive, and
lie accepted the memorandum, and with it, of neces-
sity, its terms. For, to have received it with no
intent to act upon it, would have been a piece of
treachery that no man of decent respectability
would for a moment have countenanced. It is
tiMe, sir, that objection was made to the word
piocidcd, but reuiemb< r that it was " because it
looked as if the Representatives were binding
him, wlule avowing no authority to commit-the
convention." .And, Mr. Chairman, this inter-
view way closed by the President saying, in sub-
stance, " After all, this is a matter of honor among
gentlemen; I do not know that any paper writing
is necussarv; we understand each other." And
this, too, after a distinct statement as to their
meaning of the words 44 relative military status,"
used in the memorandum, which was, among
other things, that Major Anderson should con-
tinue to occupy his then position at Fort Moul-
trie, and not to throw himself into Fort Sumter.
This ti.mspired early m December, and South
Carolina, true to her word, permitted nothing by
her people looking to a change of the military
status between her government and yours. There
was not an hour from the day of the interview
between those gentlemen *and your Executive,
that the people of the city of Charleston might
not have taken possession of all the foils within
her harbor: yet she forbore in consideration of her
plighted faith; she restrained an impatient and a
brave people, because it would have sacrificed her
honor; and with them that is a point which ad-
mits of no debate. Nothing was done on the part
of South Carolina but to go forward quietly and
prepare for her separation from this Confederacy.
Her convention met, passed the ordinance of se-
cession, violating no right of the Government of
the United States, violating no right of the peo-
ple of the North, simply declaring that her con-
nection with these United States was dissolved.
This being done, did she order the forts and de-
fenses to be taken ? Did she order the arsenal to
be seized? No, sir; upon the contrary, she ap-
pointed three of her ablest statesmen a commis-
sion to your Government for the purpose of set-
tling all questionsarising out of her new relations
with you. They did not
"Come with banner, brand, and bow,
As a leader seeks his mortal foe.,?
They came as friends, to negotiate with you
as peace commissioners. If war or aggression
upon your rights were their purpose, why thus
come to your Government? War commence&m
a different way from this, and aggression seeks
no such means to encompass its ends. Now,
mark you, Mr. Chairman, the course of action
pursued by this Government. Scarcely had these
commissioners passed beyond the limits of their
State, on their way to the Federal capital, when
hostilities were actually commenced by this Gov-
ernment upon the people of South Carolina.
Major Anderson, who had theretofore been sta-
tioned at Fort Moultrie, evacuated it by night, and
fortified himself and his command in Fort Sum-
ter, a more impregnable fortress, and one which
commanded not only the entrance into the harbor,
but the city of Charleston itself, with a hostile
intent upon his part. This ivcts an act of xoar. But
to make it beyond question, and show that he
considered it war, he did that which no sane man
would do in peace, which was to destroy as far
as possible Fort Moultrie, and render it unfit for
use or service as a fortification; add to this the
burning of the gun carriages and the spiking of
the cannon, and then tell me, cither that your
Government has kept its faith, or that South
Carolina was guilty of the first act of hostility.
Up to that moment, nothing had been done by
South Carolina inconsistent with the good faith
pledged for her by her Representatives; yet when
they saw these things done, and were chafing
under the mala fides of your Government, and
losing all hope of any other result than war, they
seized such defenses as were within their reach,
and have hold them since for purposes of protec-
tion and safety.
Why these acts of war by the Government?
Why this change of position by Major Anderson,
but to command the harbor anu reduce Charleston
to submission or to ashes ? We have done nothing
to warrant or justify his coursc; and when I say
" we," I mean those other States which, through
weal or woe, will stand by the palmetto flag till
the last man perish. 1 ask the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio where, up to that hour, had any
act of hostility been committed by any of the se-
ceding States; where had the flag been struck and
forts surrendered? He can name no place. And I
assert upon southern honor, that no fort would
have been taken, no arsenals seized, and no hos-
tile attitude assumed by a single State, had it not
been for the action of Major Anderson at Charles-
ton; and upon him rests whatsoever of blame
may attach to the subsequent conduct of South
Carolina, Georgia, and the other States. They
all felt that their only security against perfidy
was that it should not be in the power of the en-
emy to turn our own guns upon us. South Caro-
lina had been lulled into a false security, and we
could only profit by her misfortunes.
Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. Excuse me. 1 had rather
not.
Mr. BARR. There is a misunderstanding; and
I want to set the gentleman from Georgia right.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
New York whether I have said anything that
bears on him or on his State ?
Mr. BARR. Yes, sir; bccause my State is a
part of the United States. If there was any agree-
ment between the Government and South Caro-
lina, it would put an entirely different face upon
the .matter. If there was such a written agree-
ment as the gentleman says, then the President
was entirely to blame, and I would not stand here
to uphold him in the course he has pursued. On
the contrary, 1 think he should beimpeached and
condemned for it. But I do not so understand it.
Mr. SICKLES. Let me say tQ. my colleague
that it takes two to make a bargain.
Mr; CRAWFORD. If the gentleman had lis-
