1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
tcned to my remarks, he would not have found it
necessary to interrupt me.
Mr. BARR. I understood the gentleman to
gay that there was a written agreement between
the President and the members from South Car-
olina.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I said no such thing. I
said there was a written communication from the
South Carolina Representatives 011 this floor at
that time to the President of the United States,
making certain propositions, which communica-
tion he accepted and kept as binding upon South
Carolina.
Mr. BARR. Did he agree to it?
Mr. CRAWFORD. His very acceptance of
it, and holding South Carolina bound, of neces-
sity involved an agreement upon his part; and I
again repeat, that if the gentleman from New
York had paid attention [Mr. Bark. 1 did pay
attention] his interruption would have been un-
necessary. I stated the facts, drawing my own
conclusions, and leaving the country to do the
same. I may be in error; if I am, the Repre-
sentatives from South Carolina were in error,
and, more than that, the head of your War De-
partment was in error. Why, sir, if I am not
mistaken, he puts his resignation of the high office
which he held upon the ground that, as the first
officer in the War Department, he had, according
to his understanding with the Administration,
pledged the people of Carolina that no reinforce-
ments should be sent to Charleston, and that the
status quo should be maintained; and when the
President refused to order Major Anderson back,
he retired from the Government, as he was in
honor bound to have done. This is the evidence
of one of your own Government officials, and one,
too, who refused to continue in office at the sacri-
fice of his personal honor.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to allow me a word.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I cannot. I beg the gen-
tleman to excuse me. I prefer to go through with-
out exciting any bad temper in any quarter; and
as I have not alluded to him, he must excuse me.
I say to the House that whatsoever I say will be
in no spirit to provoke replies and stir up strife;
for how willing soever I might be to engage in
a personal collision, or settle by wager of battle
these difficulties, I would not utter one word which
would unnecessarily plunge our country into civil
war.
To return: every act committed by a seceding
State inconsistent with its former relations towaids
you, was the result of the acts of this Government
at Charleston. We believe that the seizing of
Fort Sumter was the first of a series of acts look-
ing to our subjugation. This we did not, and do
not, intend to allow, so long as you leave us one
man to resist your oppression and make war upon
your invaders, Georgia believed that her forts
were to be garrisoned by your troops; that guns
which had been placed atPulaski were to be turned
against her own citizens; and thus her only means
of protection to Savannah was to be in the hands
of an enemy. Is there in this Republic one man
who does not know that this fort was put there
but for one purpose, and that to defend the city ?
Admit that it was ceded to the United States: for
what purpose, let me ask? Certainly never, in
any contingency, to be used by the trustee, the
mere creature of our will, for the purposes of de-
struction to our people and our property. It
would be, on your part, a wicked an(l unjustifi-
able abuse of the trusts reposed in you, were you
ever to attempt such a thing; and believing such
to be your object, our Governor, knowing that
it would be taken by the citizens, ordered it to be
taken by the State troops. If, sir, the State of
Georgia shall retire from this Confederacy, we
will hold it with ourlivcs; if she does not, we will
deliver it up to the authorities of the United States.
Mr. GROW. I do not rise to interrupt the
gentleman from Georgia, but merely to remind
him that the courtesy of the House was extended,
him to speak for a few minutes, and a half hour
has already elapsed. I say, 1 do not desire to
interfere with his remarks, but if it is intended to
finish this bill to-night I think we had better close
this debate as soon as possible.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will be very brief.
Mr. GROW. If this bill is not to be finished
to-night, I will make no objection to the gentle-
man's proceeding as long as he pleases.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I say that, in view of these
things, believing that this creature of ours had no
right to use these fortifications erected for our
defense, for our destruction, we seized them
under the universally recognized principle of law
that the rights of the agent are always subordi-
nate to the rights of the principal; and your rights
within the limits of our State must be subordinate
to ours whenever you violate the compact between
us. That is the principle upon which we have
acted, and, as I have said before, which we intend
to maintain to the very utmost of our men and
means.
Now, then, as the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia desires that 1 should not extend my remarks
to any great length, I desire to say, in conclusion,
that 1 understand very fully the purpose of Mr.
Lincoln and his party. The majority of that
party to-day, when they talk of enforcing the
laws over seceding States, mean war; and we
know it. There is no use in undertaking to dis-
guise the fact, that when you say you will enforce
the laws, that means war. We have no idea of
violating a single right of the Governfaent of the
United States. We intend to declare our inde-
pendence. We intend to resume the powers del-
egated to the Federal Government; and we intend
to maintain them to the best of our ability. We
understand fully that to submit to the adminis-
tration of the Government by your p?.rty, would
be to submit to the destruction of our rights. We
know that such will be the effect, though you
may deny such to be your purpose. A man can
trust himself when others might not be willing to
trust him. You have more confidence in the jus-
tice and fairness with which you will administer
the Government than you can induce us to believe.
I do not say this to wound your feelings. I only
say it because justice and fair dealing demand that
I should speak plainly. I say that our people
believe that this Government, administered by the
Republican party, cannot be otherwise than de-
structive of their rights; and hence we intend to
protect ourselves against that administration.
We do not invite your hostility, but we say it is
our duty to be prepared to meet war if it is forced
upon us. We will not violate the rights of any
citizen of the United States; but we will protect
ourselves againstany violation of our own rights—
mark that. What is the collection of the revenue
wlfhin our limits but war? What is the enforce-
ment of the law against the citizens-of Georgia
and South Carolina but war?
The gentleman from Ohio who has just taken
his seat [Mr. Sherman] said that, at the North,
they intended to write and speak their opinions
freely and fully upon all subjects; and of course
tliey inliend to claim the right to have what they
write and speak sent to any portion of the coun-
try. Now I desire to say, in reference to that,
that under this degree of freedom of speech, if we
were to remain in the Union, we might be com-
pelled to have sent into every hamlet in the South
incendiary speeches and writings, calculated to
do us infinite harm and bring good to none.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that it was the right of speech
which the gentleman from Ohio claimed, and not
the right to circulate what he pleased.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the position
to be, to speak what they please; and of course
they will claim the right to print and circulate
what they please.
Mr. HOARD. I only state what I understood
to be the declaration of the gentleman from Ohio.
The gentleman from Georgia has put into the
mouth of the gentleman from Ohio what I think
he did not say. He only said that the Repub-
lican party would hold to their right to write and
utter and publish the sentiments which they pro-
fessed. He did not claim the right to circulate
them anywhere and everywhere.
Mr. CRAWFORD. He said that his party
would write what it pleased, and publish what it
pleased, and that those rights they never would
surrender. Of course, they would not desire to
speak and publish without circulating.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Ohio is
not now ill his place. I can state my recollec-
tion of what he did say, and I will do so very
fairly.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to say whether I shall be in-
terrupted any further.
Mr. GROW. If weare to close this (jebate, and
pass this Army appropriation bill to-night, 11 hink
that the gentleman from Georgia should keep
within the time granted to him by the courtesy
of the House, and not allow himself to be further
interrupted. His few minutes have extended into
half an hour.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman must be
mistaken.
Mr. GROW. Members speaking are not
always aware of the time that they occupy.
Mr. CURTIS. I have only a word to say; and
I would long ago have said it, if I had not been
interrupted. The gentleman from Ohio stated that
the people of the North would speak and write
and print their sentiments on slavery, and all
other questions; and that the people of the South
would speak and write and print whatever they
saw proper. He claimed that those rights could
not be interfered with; but by that, as I under-
stand him, he did not mean that he claimed the
right to carry any of the incendiary documents,
spoken of by the gentleman, into the South, or
that he denied the right of the South to prevent
the circulation of incendiary documents within
their limits.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think that I understand
the position of the Republican party; and I would
ask the gentleman from Iowa whether he would
not feel that the Postmaster General would be
bound to send into the southern States anything
mailed in Boston or Buffalo, Chicago or Cincin-
nati, whatever it might be ?
Mr CURTIS. We would have the right to
have our mail matter carried in the United States
mails; but that, sir, would not prevent a sover-
eign State from interfering with it, so far as their
police regulations made it necessary. Thesouth-
ern States would have a right to prevent (he cir-
culation of anything likely to produce insurrec-
tion in their midst. t
Mr. CRAWFORD. When we did that,while
Abraham Lincoln was President, and General
Scott was his Lieutenant General and Secretary
of War, you would say that your rights under
the Constitution of the United States were denied
to you; that the liberty of speech was suppressed;
and that you would spill the last drop of blood in
the Northeast and in the Northwest to regain
your rights. That is what you would say.
Mr CURTIS. Let me interrupt the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. GROW. While I am willing to hear the
gentleman from Georgia, still, sir, I am not will-
ing to let this colloquy go on to an indefinite ex-
tent. I do not believe that the colloquy has any-
thing to do with the remarks which the gentleman
from Georgia was granted the courtesy of the
House to submit. And again, I would call his
attention to the time he has already consumed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will go on with my re-
marks. I reiterate, Mr. Chairman, that if we
did prevent the circulation of their documents in
our midst, they would then declare that we had
violated the freedom of the press, and force us to
permit their circulation, or submitto be overrun.
They would insist that the Constitution of the
United States secured the freedom of speech and
of the press, and that it was denied to them in the
South. Then they would declare that they would
come upon us with their armies and their navies
to enforce the laws. These are inevitable conclu-
sions growing out of the positions and platforms
of the Republican party, and,as I think, the argu-
ment of the honorable member just submitted.
A few more words, Mr. Chairman, and I will
yield the floor. Allow me to ask these northern
men if we had eighteen slave States, and'popula-
tion great enough to control all the Territories, a
majority in every branch of the Government, and
were to declare that freedom, as you use the term,
was contrary to the laws of God and man, that it
was a crime, and, being the sum ofall villainies,
the Congress of the United States should declare
the Territories to be slave Territories; that all
the powers of the Federal Government must \je
used to extend it, and establish it in your fifteen
States, and then elect a President with two mil-
lion men and a hundred million of Federal patron-
age to enforce slavery upon you, would you per-
mit such a President, representing such a party,
to he inaugurated, and impose upon your necks
such a yoke, without resistance? _
Mr. LOYEJOY. We have done it for yeara
