1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l££T
shall also be required to carry the residue of al! mail mat-
ter in a period not exceeding thirty-five days, with the priv-
ilege of sending the latter semi-monthly from New York to
San Francisco in twenty-five days by sea. and the public
documents in thirty-five days. They shall also be required,
during the continuance of their contract, or until the com-
pletion of the overland telegraph, to run a pony express
semi-weekly, at a schedule tune of ten days eight months,
and twelve days four months, carrying for the Government,
free of charge, five pounds of mail matter, with the liberty
ot charging the public for transportation of letters by said
express, not exceeding one doliar per half ounce. For the
above service said contractors shall receive the sum of
$1,000,000 per annum ; the contract for such service to be
thus modified before the 23th day of March next, and ex-
pire July 1, 1864.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment, and all
the remaining amendments, relate to what is called
the Butterfield mail route. They are very im-
Fortant, and ought to bs all considered together.
propose that they shall be.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the amendments will
not be considered together, as that would preclude
the offering of amendments.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to offer an
amendment to the Senate amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my proposition.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move to amend
the Senate amendment, by striking out the words
" some point on the Missouri river connected with
the East, "and inserting, in lieu thereof, the words
" St. Joseph, Missouri."
Mr. Chairman, the object of this bill is to do
away with the Butterfield mail route, and to estab-
lish a single central route daily overland to Cali-
fornia. By the provisions of the amendment of
the Senate, the contractors have the privilege of
starting from any point on the Missouri river.
They may go up to a point on the frontier of Da-
kota or Nebraska, or any place on the Missouri
river fronting the State of Missouri, and start
thence with the great daily overland mail. I hold
that it is not the intention of Congress to offer a
bribe of this kind to the contractors for the over-
land mail. Their object would necessarily be to
get as light a mail to carry to California as possi-
ble; and therefore, having die entire range of the
Missouri river to select, they would go to some
obscure point on the Missouri river where a large
mail could not accumulate. For that reason, I ask
that my amendment shall be adopted, so as to make
this route start from the most westerly railroad
point on the continent. The object of Congress
is, of course, that the mails shall be concentrated
at a point having a railroad connection with the
east, center, and south, and to have the mails sent
thence to California. Suppose these parties should
select Florence, in Nebraska, or some point above
there: the States of New York and Pennsylvania,
and the other eastern States, could not send their
letters by that route, for it would take twelve or
fifteen days to get letters to the starting point of
the overland mail.
I see that some gentlemen smile at the reading
of my amendment, because I happened to have
the name of St. Joseph before the House in con-
nection with the Pacific railroad and the overland
mail route. I can only say to my friend from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Burcii,] who, I understand, opposes
me on this amendment, that this line would not
be worth a dollar to his constituents if we should
fail to make the contractors start from a point
where the railroad connection with the east term-
inates.
Mr. BURCH. Does the gentleman think it
likely that the contractors would start except from
some point where they could get the mails?
Mr.. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman that, while I have as much confidence
in Butterfield & Co. as in any other contractors
having a contract worth $1,000,000, still, if 1 were
John Butterfield, and got this contract, I would
start the route from some point where the people
could not overload my coaches.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Missouri. If
Congress is to specify any point, why not specify
Atchison, which is twenty miles west of St. Jo-
seph, and to which railroad connection is extend-
ed ? Why not start from that extreme point, in-
stead of starting from an intermediate point on the
line?
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, offered by Mr. Ckaig, of Mis-
souri; and it was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I move a formal amendment
for the purpose of speaking to the Senate amend-
ment. Here is a singular commentary on the le-
gislation of Congress. In the bill establishing
post routes, we made provision for th  establish-
ment of a daily overland mail from St. Joseph,
Missouri, to Placerville, California, and regulated
the maximum amount of compensation to be paid
for that service. The contract for that service was
to be awarded on advertisements inviting pro-
posals. It is not two weeks since we passed that
bill. And now comes a proposition before us to
effect an entire change in relation to it, and to in-
crease a compensation which is to be paid for the
overland mail service on the so-called central
route. It is true, this is done at the expense of
another route, and by the discontinuance of that
route. And again: in that post route bill we pro-
vided that the entire mail, embracing that of let-
ters and papers to the extent of a certain weight
named, shall be carried daily within the time of
twenty days. We now propose to abolish that
provision of law, and to give the contractors upon
that route the privilege of taking the contract at
the sum of $1,000,000 per annum, without requir-
ing any invitation of proposals from any other
parties by advertisement. In addition thereto, it
is also proposed to provide that the maximum
time in which the transportation of the mail over
this route is to be performed during eight months
of the year, shall be twenty days, and during the
remaining four months, twenty-three days.
This service by the so-called Butterfield over-
land route now performs its trips in the average
time of twenty-two days from St. Louis to San
Francisco, embracing both summer and winter.
Wc now propose to elongate, if I may use the ex-
pression,the time in which the trips are to be per-
formed; we propose to fix the eastern terminus of
the route three hundred miles further west than
the eastern terminus of the Butterfield route; we
propose that the western terminus shall be at Pla-
cerville, one hundred and fifty miles east of San
Francisco; and while that is done, it is proposed
to increase the compensation, as I have stated,
and to increase the period of time within which
the trips may be made; and we extend further
facilities to the contractors in respect to the time
in which the newspaper mail is to be transported.
In other words, we propose to abrogate the legis-
lation which a few days ago we adopted, and
which we then deemed to be wise and proper; and
we propose to abolish a route, which has been in
existence for some years, on which the service
has been performed, considering the distance and
the country through which it passes, with won-
derful regularity and speed. And you propose a
less rate of speed for carrying simply the letter
mail, than you required for the whole letter and
newspaper mail under the act to establish certain
Fost routes. There are other objections, which
also desire to present.
This is a matter in which not only my constit-
uents, but the greater part of the people of Mis-
souri, feel a deep interest; and I regret that further
time is not allowed for its discussion. It is pro-
posed to ignore the interest of the great city of
St. Louis. It is proposed to change a certainty for
an uncertainty; and to force the overland mail
route through the hyperborean regions of Utah,
to encounter the deep snows of the long and dreary
winters of that Territory. The mail will not be
carried within the time specified; and the con-
tractors will appeal to theExecutive Departments,
and if not appeased will appeal to Congress for
the remission of fines and penalties they may
incur. This proposition is neither just nor fair
to the people of Missouri, Arkansas, and Ten-
nessee. Again: it deprives the people of the south-
ern portion of New Mexico of the only mail they
have—that portion of the Territory called Ari-
zona, and in which we have several important
military posts, now supplied with mail matter by
this route.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I oppose the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, and desire to state
that lie is mistaken in refeience to the time fixed
for carrying the mail from St. Louis to San Fran-
cisco.
Now, sir, we pay, under the post route bill
which we passed the other day, $800,000 for a
daily mail over this central overland route across
the continent. Under the existing law, we pay
for carrying the mails over the Butterfield route
',000 per annum, making an aggregate for the
mail service on the two routes of #1,400,000. This
amendment of the Senate proposes, with the con-
sent of the contractors on the Butterfield route,
the sum of $1,000,000 per annum"; saving to the
Government, therefore,$400,000 per annum at the
start, and for the three and a half years which,
that contract has to run, will save about one.
million four hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. PHELPS. But you make no provision
for supplying mail matter to the people living on
the Butterfield route. -
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That is provided
for. Now, sir, in reference to the remark that the
time is less under the contract over the Butterfield
route, I will remark that St. Joseph, the point
of starting under this amendment, is only twelve
hours distant by railway from St. Louis; ,and
Placerville, the western terminus, is not more than
twenty-four hours distant from San Francisco.
The House will see, therefore, that, under this pro-
vision the mail will be carried in less time than
either under the Butterfield contract or under the
provisions ofthe post route bill. By this provision
you will have the mail carried from point to point,
in twenty days for eight months in the year, and
the people of California will get thirty mails per
month,in place of eight per month under the pres-
ent arrangements, by the Butterfield route, for
which we pay $600,000. In other words, by this
provision you get a daily mail to the Pacific for
$400,000 a year less than we are paying now for
the overland service, to say notRing of what you
pay for the mails carried by sea.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to say to the House,
the starting point fixed in this amendment is
twenty miles further east than if it had been fixed
at Atchison, to which a railroad has already been
completed.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The remark ofthe
gentleman shows that he does not know what he
is talking about. There has been no railroad
built twenty miles west of St. Joseph.
Mr. COVODE. Is not Atchison twenty miles
west?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir; it is not
west at all. It is more nearly south. There is
no railroad at all on the west of the Missouri
river. A railroad has been built on the Missouri
side of the river, running southwest some twenty-
one miles; and just that distance out of the way.
Mr. COVODE. My understanding is, that a
railroad has been built from St. Joseph to Atchi-
son, a distance of twenty-five miles, and that it is
eighteen miles further west than the fortnerlocal-
ity.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken again. The distance is not twenty-five
miles. It is twenty-one miles, on the Missouri
side of the river. Atchison is on the Kansas side,
at a bend of the river. The railroad passes the
bend on the opposite side of the river, but in the
direction of St. Louis. I say, therefore, that,
when you go down the river to make Atchison a
starting point, you go out of the direct course,
and not towards the Pacific coast. The regular
emigrant route from St. Joseph bears north from
that point, instead of south.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Craig, of Missouri.
Mr. COLFAX. For the purpose of enabling
me to submit a few remarks, I move to strike out
the eleventh and twelfth lines of the Senate
amendment.
Mr. Chairman, in the discussion which took
place some weeks ago upon the post route bill,
I was struck with the remarks made by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] The prop-
osition then was to authorize the establishment of
a daily overland mail to the Pacific by the central
route, at a cost not exceeding $800,000. My
friend from Missouri opposed that amendment.
He stated that with the $037,000 a year provided
in the Butterfield contract, the aggregate amount
of $1,437,000 would be incurred for the California
overland mail service, and that the present condi-
tion of the revenues of the country did not justify
such an expenditure. Mr. Chairman, I have pon-
dered over his speech since that time, and have be-
come converted to his doctrine, that retrenchment
ought to be made m the expense of this mail ser-
vice. The Senate have proposed an amendment
discontinuing the Butterfield route, and requiring
