1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
all the mail matter to be carried over the central
route at a rate not exceeding $1,000,000 a year for
the entire service, including damages for the an-
nulment of the old route, concentrating the service
upon both routes upon the contract route, thereby
saving the amount of §437,000. The gentleman
from Missouri, as I have said, convinced me of
the justice of the position taken by him, and I
am prepared to give his policy of retrenchment
my cordial adherence.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
if there are not parties who stand ready to per-
form this entire service for $800,000 per annum?
Mr. COLFAX. I was about to speak of that
The Post Office Committee in the Senate, at this
session, have differed from ourcommittee as to the
cost of this central overland mail service to Cali-
fornia. We thought the entire service might be
performed for $800,000. The Senate committee
nave, however, been induced to believe it could
not be performed for less than a million or eleven
hundred thousand dollars. Mr. Russell, who has
been largely connected with the Army transpor-
tation to Utah, said last year that the service could
be performed for $900,000. This year he states
that it can not be performed for less than §1,000,000,
and said he did not desire the contract himself at
that price.
Mr. MAYNARD made a remark the reporter
did not hoar.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 do not desire that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee shall bring in extraneous
matters. I have only alluded to Mr. Russell as
a person acquainted by experience with the cost
of transportation on the plains. Now, sir, if the
Butterfield contract be not stricken down on this
very day of this Congress, you will pay out dur-
ing the next year $600,000, and you will receive
virtually nothing into the Treasury for that ex-
penditure, and especially if the daily overland
route shall go into operation, and the troubles
continue, on the part of the Indians and others,
upon the Arkansas and Texas frontier. We have
paid, in two and a half years, for carrying the mail
over the Butterfield route, the sum of $1,500,000;
and wf have received in return, as postage upon
the letters and other mail matter carried, only
$300,000. That $1,500,000, then, is almost a dead
loss. The Senate propose to strike off that ex-
penditure. If you annul this contract, of course
you will have to pay liberal damages. They will
ask us to pay them damages; and everybody will
expert us to pay them remunerating damages for
loss of stations, stock, equipage, produce on hand,
&c. They may ask us to give them a year's
pay as damages. The Senate now proposes, in
order to save them from loss as far as may be,
that they shall be allowed to go upon the central
route, provided they will take the entire contract,
and run the pony express besides, for $1,000,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Ind iana has referred to some rt imuks which 1
«ubmitt« d when the post route bill was before this
House some time ago; and I regret he has not
profited by the lessons of economy which 1 then
gave. Bat his suggestions, I think, are not ap-
plicable to the case now under consideration. I
was pleased to hear the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Potter] inquire whether there were not
responsible parties now ready to contract for this
daily overland service upon the central route at
the sum of $800,000 per annum? I have been
informed that there are parties now willing to con-
tract to cairy the mail, according to the provisions
of the law contained in the post route hill passed
at this session of Congress, at the maximum sum
there fixed as compensation. Yet it is proposed
in this bill—I suppose upon the principle of econ-
omy—to pay $500,000 more per annum for mail
service upon this central route than other con-
tractors are willing to take that contract for.
Thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] has
alluded to the srnallamountof revenue which has
been received from the Butterfield overland mail
route. Why is it? Because most of the letters
carried upon that route paid only three cents post-
age the single letter. At this session of Congress,
we have more than trebled the rate of postage
upon those letters. We have regulated the post-
age on letters by the overland mail, at ten cents
the single letter. From the time that that over- j[
land mad service has gone into operation, up to \\
the present time, the number of letters carried by
that mail, and consequently the revenue received,
has been increasing in amount. In the present
state of the law, where we have an overland mail
running with the regularity and speed of the But-
terfield route, I advance the opinion, that the rev-
enue to be derived from the letters carried in that
overland mail, according to the present rates of
postage, will equal one half of the amount paid
for the service.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] has
chosen to refer to the difficulties which have oc-
curred on the overland route. It was telegraphed
here, within the last three or four days, that the
Texans had interrupted the running of this mail,
and had seized Fort Belknap and Fort Chad-
bourne. It was untrue. Every word of it was
untrue. How was the information brought? By
a conductor of this overland mail to Fort Smith,
and from there it was telegraphed to this point.
There are no troops at Fort Belknap, and have
been none there since the 1st of January, 1859;
more than two years ago. There are no people
residing in the vicinity of Fort Chadbourne. It
now appears that the Indians had interfered with
the mail coach on that route, and the people of
Texas had not interfered with it.  I did not be-
lieve the report that the people of Texas had in-
terrupted this mail. I desired the Postmaster
General to telegraph the postmaster of Fort Smith
for information on this matter, and I have in my
hands the reply which was returned. General
A. G. Mayers, the postmaster at Fort Smith, in
a telegram bearing date only three days ago,
stated that, from the best information he had, it
was the Indians and not the Texans who had in-
terfered with the mail. It is now reported that
the disturbance took place, not in Texas or Ark-
ansas, but in a portion of New Mexico, between
Fort Fillmore and Fort Yuma. The same dis-
turbances from Indians are likely to occur in all
parts of the country where there are roving bands
of savages.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is there any amend-
ment pending at this time ?
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw my amendment,
if there be no objection.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I now want read the
portion of the bill which it is proposed to strike
out.
The Clerk. It is proposed to strike out " at
some point on the Missouri river, connected with
the East,"and in lieu thereof insert, " St. Joseph,
Missouri."
Mr. McCLERNAND. After the word " con-
nected53 I move to insert " by railroad." I think
that that will obviate the objection of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Craig.] I think with
him that, as the bill now stands, it is too vague
and indefinite in respect to the point where this
route shall commence. With the amendment I
have suggested, I think that the amendment of
the Senate is an improvement upon the House
bill. It increases the mail service, while it dimin-
ishes the expense of that service. I think that
the words " by railioad" ought to be inserted.
Otherwise, the starting point may be fixed upon
the Missouri river, at Florence, which is some
two hundred miles above. There can be no ob-
jection to it, as it was doubtless the intention of
the framer of the amendment that the starting
point should be at some railroad terminus upon
the Missouri river.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 have no doubt that that will
be the construction of the Postmaster General.
After great deliberation I have made up my mind
to vote for concurring in the Senate amendment
as it has come to us. 1 do not want the bill to go
back to the Senate on the last day, because it
may then be lost. I have no doubt that the con-
stiuction of the Depaitment will be as the gentle-
man desires it. The words of the original bill are,
"connected by railroad with the East."
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope that my amend-
ment will be agreed to. It will have the effect to
prevent all misconstruction.
Mr. COLFAX. As I have already said, the
language of the original bill is, "connection by
railroad with the East." I think that the Post-
master General will so construe it, and require
them to make a contract of that kind.
Mr. McCLERNAND _ It is a matter of con-
struction, and I do not think that anything will
be lost by sending the bill with this amendment
back to the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a few words
in opposition to the amendment, simply for the
purpose of allowing me to state my views upon
this very important proposition. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommended non-concur-
rence in this amendment, chiefly for three rea-
sons: first, that it had no business upon this bill;
second, that the terms of the amendment itself
were rather indefinite, and notconclusive enough;
third, that it did not allow a fair competition, but
proposed to give the contract to Butterfield & Co.
without any competition. These were objections
which I thought induced the Committee of Ways
and Means to non-concur.
On the other hand, there are advantages to be
derived by the Government by the adoption of
this amendment, which it is worth while to con-
sider. The first is, that it is a saving to the Gov-
ernment of some four hundred thousand dollars
per annum. The Butterfield contract is an exist-
ing legislative contract, which cannot be altered
except by an act of Congress. Under that con-
tract, they are entitled to $61)0,000 per annum.
That contract continues for three or four years;
and therefore, by getting rid of that contract, we
save the amount of that contract less the difference
of scrvice. The overland mail route introduced
by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] will
cost the Government $800,000 annually, if bid-
ders accept the terms of that law. That makes the
aggregate of the present postal service §1,400,000.
Thelimitof the appropriation by this amendment
is $1,000,0005 so that we save $400,000 a year.
The second advantage is, that we secure imme-
diately, without doubt, adaily overland mail route
to California. This is a necessity of the country,
and ought to be adopted, and will be adopted in
two or three years. This amendment probably
secures it from the 1st day of July next, because
Butterfield and company are bound to transfer
their whole personnel from the present route over
to the second route, and they have three months
from this time to do it. They have the meansand
the power to run this overland mail service, if
they arc willing to do it at the rates prescribed in
this amendment. There is no doubtof their abil-
ity to do it. So that secures it without question.
The third object accomplished by this amend-
ment, as I understand, is, that we get rid of the
Butterfipld route, which, for the last three years,
has been a constant subject of discussion in this
House. It was established, in the first place,
without the authority of law; and if these con-
tractors had the control of the matter, I would do
anything I could for them. But we know very
well that the route is likely to be superseded or
destioyed by the action of the Indians, or of the
State of Texas, and we are likely to be involved
in complications growing out of it. Therefore, the
case stands thus: we gain a saving of $400,000
annually; we secure a daily overland maii route
I from the first of July, and get rid of the Butter-
! field contract for $200,000 extra, and we get a
i pony express. Under these circumstances, I am
I disposed to vote for this amendment.
1 The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
& ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally arose; and
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (H. R. No 461) granting an invalid
pension to Charles Appleton;
A bill (H. R. No. 666) for the relief of Wil-
liam Sutton;
A bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Jane Yatps;
A bill (H. R. No. 426) for the relief of John
Y. So well; and
A bill (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry.
* MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pattok,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill for the relief of John P. Burn, io
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
