1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
Also, that the Senate disagreed to the report of
the committee ofconference upon the bill making
uf>pi opnations for the Indian service and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with certain Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30,1862; that the Senate
insist upon their disagreement, and ask for a far*
ther committee of conference.
The committee then resumed its session.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BARRET. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out all after the
Word "from," in line sixteen, down to and in-
cluding the word " first," in line seventeen, and
insert in lieu thereof the words " Kansas City,
Missouri;" so that the clause shall read:
Continuing four months of the year, from Kansas City,
Missouri, to PJaceivilie, California.
This is called a central route. It is intended to
be a central route; and I therefore propose, by this
amendment, to locate the point of starting in the
center. I ask for a vote upon the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I move to amend
the Senate amendment, by striking out the words
" with the hbei ty of charging the public for trans-
portation of letters by said express, not exceeding
one dollar per half ounce." I propose this amend-
ment, for the purpose of calling the attention of
the House to the new principle which, by the
Senate amendment, is ingrafted upon the postal
system of the country, namely: to permit a con-
tractor, while carrying the public mail under his
contract with the Government, to carry another
mail for his private account, and charge two
dollars per ounce for mailable matter. By this
amendment of the Senate, Congress stipulates to
pay to these contractors $1,000,000 per annum,
as a compensation for carrying a daily overland
mail, and for running at the same time a semi-
weekly pony express, carrying for the Govern-
ment, free of charge, five pounds of mail matter;
and for the public, letters at the rate of two dollars
per ounce. By the overland mail, the postage is
ten cents per letter; by the pony express, two
dollars per ounce. The mail is carried for the
account of the Government, The pony express
is run for the account and profit of the contractor.
The Government pays the $1,000,000 for the two
systems combined. Thus the Government pays
the contractor, out of the public Treasury, for
running the pony express for his private account.
You thus have a contractor running at public ex-
pense, but for his own profit, a pony express in
opposition to the Government mail. You subsi-
dize him, and conferupon him the exclusive priv-
ilege of taxing the commercial correspondence of
the country two dollars per ounce. By the ex-
tent to which you can diminish the revenues of
the Government derived from the postages, you
increase the revenue derived from his pony ex-
press. It is for the interest of the contractor that
the public mail should be delayed and irregularly
delivered, because if the regular mail service can
be rendered uncertain, the commercial correspond-
ence of the country, which cannot be delayed,
must go by express, and pay the two dollars per
ounce.
Now, it may be answered to this suggestion,
that if people are unwise enough to send then
letters by the pony express, and pay at the rate
of two dollars per ounce, when they can send by
the regular mail at the rate of ten cents per letter,
it is an affair of their own. But it must be re-
membered that by this bill you establish two sep-
arate and distinct postal systems; and that a large
portion of the commercial correspondence of the
country must go by the most expeditious system,
let the expense be what it may. If one merchant
hns the means afforded to him by the Government
to dispatch his letters in ten days, at a cost of say
five dollars, his neighbor must send his letter in
the same modo, or permit himself to be deprived
of those commercial advantages whichrcsult from
postal communication. This system of pony
express is well enough, so long as it is left as a
mere private enterprise; but it is not well to set
up a pony express to be run by the person who
is the mail contractor. It is not safe to subsidize,
out of me public Treasuiy,a contractor to run a
\yi >v^te mail for his own emolument in opposition
to the Government mails nor is it, in my judg-
ment. judicious to furnish the contractor with this
inducement to be sio wand irregular in the delivery
of the public mail. If it is necessary, for the
sake of encouraging this scheme of overland mail,
to raise the postage to California to two dollars
per ounce, let this be done for the account of the
public Treasury, and not for the account of the
mail contractor. It is a new and strange policy for
the Government to pay a man for running an ex-
press on his own account, and for his own profit.
If it be said that the running of this pony ex-
press is not the subject of the compensation pro-
vided for by the bill, then we had better leave this
provision out. If, however, the compensation of
§1,000,000 covers the expenditure of this pony
express arrangement, the emoluments resulting
from it should go into the Treasury. If it is
proposed to establish at Government expense a
system of pony expresses, to be run for private
account, the privilege should not be exclusive.
The liberty of charging the public two dollars an
ounce on their correspondence impresses me as a
franchise which may be very valuable. It should
be subjected to greater competition than that pro-
vided in the Senate bill. There may be other
parties who, at a less rate of compensation than
that provided in this bill, would take the privilege
which this Senate amendment assures to them of
chaiging two dollars per ounce upon the commer-
cial coi respondence between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific coasts. I am satisfied that this proposition
has not been well considered by the committee,
and that we should be slow to sanction a policy
which leads to the destruction of our whole postal
system. I very much doubt, sir, whether that
system is worth preserving much longer; but, at
the same time, this is not the way to strike at it.
To illustrate: take the post route between the cities
of New York and Washington. The Govern-
ment sends the mails by the oidinary modes of
conveyance, namely, the regular railroad trains,
i ff the mail contractor was permitted torunnlight-
ij ning train on his own account and charge the
!i public two dollars per ounce, the commercial cor-
I: respondence of the country would be compelled
to pay the extiavagant iate, while the regular mail
service would be of little utility.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COLFAX. I think I can explain this mat-
ter to my friend from New York so that he, as
well as the committee, will thoroughly understand
it. There is now a lightning train between the
cities of Washington and New York, and the
contractors can use it to send messages on, just
as you can use the pony express provided for in
this I ill, if you choose to pay the extra cost.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That is not sub-
sidized out of the Treasury.
Mr. COLFAX. At this very time, the present
contractors on the central route are running a pony
express across to California—tunning it in the
very teeth of the law; and yet, so greatly do the
public approve of that connection between the
Atlantic and the Pacific coasts, that no man in the
country has ever asked that they should be pun-
ished for doing; it; and no right-minded man would
think of doing it. They charge five dollars an
ounce for matter carried by the pony express.
Now, this amendment tells the Butterfield con-
tractors that, if we allow them to have this con-
tract, they shall be required to keep up the pres-
ent facilities to the public; shall be lequircd to
keep up the pony express, whether it pays or
not; and shall be required to carry by each pony
five pounds of mail matter for tlie Government
free of charge. It also, while compelling them
to keep up the pony express, provides that they
shall reduce the rate to two dollars an ounce; and
the gentleman from New York will find, that
when the telegraph is constiucted to California—
which is subsidized by Congress—his mercantile
friends will take advantage of that to send even
still quicker than they can do by the pony ex-
press.
Again: by the existing law, every mail con-
! tractor has a right to run in opposition totheGov-
i ernment. He can carry newspapers and pam-
' phlets outside of the mails, and make whatever
' charge he chooses upon them, and thereby with-
draw revenue from the Treasury of the country.
Publishers very often send large parcels of papers
by stage when they do not desire them to go
tfiiough the post office; and no man has ever pro-
posed to repeal the law granting that privilege.
Now, I say frankly to the House that, if this
Butterfield contract was not now in existence, im-
posing an incubus of #600,000 a year upon our
already impoverished Treasury, I would notvote
for this amendment. But I do want to rid the
Department of the incubus of that ram'Vhorn
route, and to concentrate the mails to the Pacific
upon a single line. When you do that, and when
you have a daily mail to California, the postal
receipts, with the increased postage hereafter to
be charged, will be nearly, if not quite, five hun-
dred thousand dollars, while the annual expense
will be but $1,000,000; a wide difference from
what it was three years ago, when the expense was
$2,300,000 a year, and the receipts only $275,000,
or a little over ten per cent, of the entire cost. By
this system we wipe out all claims for damages,
and concentrate the entire mails on a single line—
the line upon which the treasure from California
to the United States is to come, if privateers shall
be found in the Gulf interfering with the com-
merce of the constituents of my friend from New
York. I want the overland mail established be-
fore this Congress adjourns, upon a sure, fixed,
and immovable basis, so that whatever circum-
stances may be transpiring on our sou them border,
we can clasp hands across the continent with our
friends on tne Pacific coast, and thereby increase
that feeling of loyalty which I know now burns
in the bosoms of the people of California and
Oregon.
Mr, CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, as
my objection is to the whole scheme of this over-
land mail service, I withdrawthe amendment, and
move to reduce the amount of the appropriation,
in order that I may say a word or two in reply
to my friend from Indiana. If you can transport
these California mails overland as cheaply as they
can be conveyed by steamships, it is well enough
to do so. I think the experiment will be a failure.
I have no objection to the discontinuance of the
Butterfield route; and, if 1 had been in Congress
at the time of its establishment, should have voted
against it, under the expectation that it would re-
sult in the failure now acknowledged, and which
1 predict of this new scheme. What I object to
is the establishment, at the Government expense,
of a system of pony expresses run for private
profit. I do not object to pony expresses as pri-
vate enterprises: individuals may send special
messages to California at the expense of a thou-
sand dollars a message if they please. What I
object to is, that you should pay out of the pub-
lic Treasury an enhanced price to contractors
because of this pony express, with the privilege
of charging the public extravagant rates for their
private emolument. I have no objection to such
a relaxation of the postal laws as will permit these
pony expresses to be run. My objection is to
theirestablishmentatpublicexpense. You should
retain the present postal system, or abolish it. So
long as you retain it, the Government should re-
ceive the revenues derived for all mails, for the
conveyance of which it pays. This scheme will
be followed up by other schemes of a similar
character. You will have mail contractors through-
out the country carrying the public mails slow,
and private mails fast, for their own emolument.
I am sure that my friend from Indiana, whose
constant care for the public interest is most grate-
fully acknowledged, will understand the point
which 1 make.
Mr. COLFAX. If mail contractors should
carry the public mails slower than schedule time
they would be fined by the Postmaster General.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Yes; but they
could well afford to pay the fines, if they can
charge two dollars an ounce for the mail matter in
their private mails. The whole scheme is wrong.
Mr. AVERY. I oppose the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York, merely for the
purpose of saying a woid in opposition to the
amendment of the Senate. It proposes to commit
I an act of great injustice by abolishing thatbranch
of the overland mail route which terminates at
the city of Memphis. Under the present contract
the contractors are compelled to carry the mail
on two routes, branching at Fort Smith. The pro-
posed amendment would abolish that, and permit
the contractors to select any point on the Missouri
river as the starting point. Of course they would
be guided in that selection by their own interests.
But how would that affect the interests of those
who live south of the Missouri vivcr? How would
if affect the interests of all that part of the coun-
try that depends upon the Memphis tciminua?
