1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4'59
that class of men who desire to dismember this
Confederacy for the purpose of reconstructing it
and making it more solid and enduring, and more
valuable to all its constituent parts. I would as
soon take a glass vessel and crush it to pieces in
the vain and delusive hope of making it better
than it ever had Been, as to attempt to make a
better Government than this, by first breaking it
to atoms. If my own State, acting through the
deliberate judgmentof herpeople, should proceed
to this extremity, I beg her, for her honor s sake;
I beseech her children for their own sakes; I im-
plore her Senators and Representatives, to have
the manliness, after the act is done, to refuse to
take part in any reconstruction of this Union, and
to stand out an isolated nation in the world. There
is dignity in that position, if there be not safety.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's ten min-
utes have expired. [General cries of" Go on!"
" Go on!"]
Mr. HINDMAN. I object. [Cries of" Oh,
110!" and " Withdraw the objection !"]
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
from Georgia will be allowed to proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia will be allowed to proceed, if there be no
objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. HILL. I tluink the committee, and will
only say a few words in conclusion. I desire the
gentleman from Ohio, who has been so courteous
togday, to make some distinct effort at concilia-
tion; to present some plan, such an one, for ex-
ample, as that offered by the venerable Senator
from Kentucky, about which so much has been
said. And let me say here, that there is a vast
amount of abstraction about this whole affair;
the North puts too much value on mere abstrac-
tions; and I do not hesitate to say that I think
the South has also attached too much importance
to some things of no practical value.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Geor-
gia agree to take the platform of the party with
which lie acted during the late presidential can-
vass—"The Union, the Constitution, and the
enforcement of the laws?"
Mr. HILL. I understand it very well. I hap-
pened to be one of the committee that made that
platform; or rather, that refused to make a plat-
form.
Mr. DAWES. I propose that you shall hold
yourself to it now.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman has seen any
disposition upon my part to be a violator, either of
the Constitution or of the laws, he may then,
with groat propriety, insist that I shall be held
down to a rigid observance of the platform of the
Constitutional Union party. I abide by it; but
it will not do as a basis of settlement. It is not
definite enough. We want something that will
meet all of the exigencies that are presented to the
country, and that arc regarded as grievances by
the southern people. *
I will ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
if he himself advocated the platform which he
wishes me now to reindorse?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; every letter of the
Constitution, every obligation of the Union,and
every feature of the law.
Mr. HILL. I am glad, Mr. Chairman, to hear
the gentleman say so. 1 take it for granted that
he will administer a severe rebuke to the newly
elected Governor of Massachusetts for not con-
curring in those views. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. No State in this Union has a
son more true to the Union, the Constitution, and
the law, than that Governor.
A Member. This debate is all out of order.
Mr. HINDMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be permitted to define his po-
sition. I wantto hear luni.
Mr. HILL. 'I do not want to be drawn into
a conflict of this kind with the gentleman from
Massachusetts; but I join issue with him, and
insist that the retiring Governor of his State—
Nathaniel P. Banks—stands before the American
people as a better observer of the obligations of
the Constitution of the United States—I will add,
of the peace and happiness of the country—than
does, in my humble judgment, his successor.
That is, however, a matter of opinion.
A Member. Do you indorse Governor Banks?
Mr. HILL. No, I do not; but I think that
Mr. Banks did himself great credit in his retiring
speech, and I am always willing to acknowledge
merit.
I will conclude these desultory remarks, Mr.
Chairman, by inviting: prominent gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber to consider gravely,
as time flics, and as every moment is precious in
the excited state of the country, whether they
cannot, as a triumphant party, afford to be mag-
nanimous; take hold of this Government, and
tender, almost at the same time, the earnest of a
faithful observance of the Constitution by offer-
ing to the southern people their indorsement of
the propositions presented by the Senator from
Kentucky,, [Mr. Crittenden.] If not, come as
near those propositions as you can.
Mr. HINDMAN. How near?
Mr. HILL. We will see how near they will
come first. Make your apj^oaches. I state here
that I listened with pleasure—southern gentlemen
may be surprised, but nevertheless it is true—to
some of the sentiments expressed the other day
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
because I knew that they were modifications of
his former opinions; and to that extent they cer-
tainly were agreeable to me. Let other gentle-
men here, of the same school, go about modifying
then* opinions. That is the only proper way to
approach a compromise. It may be, if you do,
you will meet on this side of the House a corre-
sponding disposition. How clsecan you, assen-
siblc men, accommodate this matter ? You can do
it in no other way. If you stand out pertinaciously
on what you call your national principles, or the
principles of the Republican party, and if the ultra
and extreme men of South Carolina, and other
southern States adhere to theirs, it is as manifest
as that we are now enjoying daylight, [laughter,
as the Hall was already lighted with gas,] that we
will come to no desirable end of these troubles.
Well, say rather, gas light. [Laughter.] I am
glad to see -the House in such a good humor; but
the question—whether I can give itgravity or not—
is, in my judgment, deserving of the mostserious
attention and consideration. I beg gentlemen to
regard it in all seriousness, because while we jest
about it the great tabernacle of our liberties, winch
we all affect to cherish so much, is actually being
consumed. Let every man go to work, and try
to extinguish the flames that threaten its destruc-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is now closed,
and the Cleik wili proceed to read the bill by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless some gentlemen de-
sire to offer amendments to the bill, I move that
the committee rise and report it to the House.
Mr. GlUARLES. I object to that. 1 have
amendments to offer.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then, I propose
that the gentleman from Tennessee offer his amend-
ments at once.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
to read the hill.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I move to amend, by
striking out the eighteenth and nineteenth lines,
as follows:
For paymr-nt to discharged soldiers lor clothing not
drawn, $50,000.
I offer that amendment, Mr. Chairman, in order
to reply to a question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ Is it the purpose
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to dispose of this bill to-night?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to do so.
This is the last of the general appropriation bills,
and to-morrow there is a special order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the bill is not
to be got through to-night, I would move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would state to my col-
league that there is nothing in this bill but the
ordinary appropriations; and I hope it will pass
without objection.
Mr. HAR.DEMAN. In offering this amend-
ment, I merely desire to reply to a question asked
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] which was this 
The CHAIR.MAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Georgia that he must speak
to his amendment. '
Mr. HARDEMAN. Yes, sir; I will speak to
the amendment before I close—when I get to that
point. This 1? n wayward subject'wo aie on. I
I wish to state distinctly to the'honorable gentle-
man, as a representative on this floor of tho-party
to which" he alluded, that I, for one, will take thai
platfotmas a settlement or basis of every existing
difficulty. [Cries of "Agreed!" from the Repub-
lican side of the House.] That platform recog-
nizes the Constitution, the Union, and the laws.
Mr. GARTRELL. Do I understand the gen
tlcman from Massachusetts to agree to that?
Mr. DAWES. To every particle of it. I want
no other platfdrm.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. We
may as well begin the five minutes' discussion
understanding^. The rule permits a gentleman
who offers an amendment to have five minutes to
explain, and allows any other gentleman five
minutes to oppose it. Now, I malste the point of
order that gentlemen shall be confined to their
amendments. Next week this whole debate will
be up again, and gentlemen can discuss the matter
as much as they choose.
-The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania states the rule correctly. Thegentleman
from Georgia must confine himself to his amend-
ment.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will do so thus. We
in Georgia who are expecting to secede, will be
considered as one of these discharged soldiers;
but before we are discharged, we want to state
the grounds on which we think we are entitled to
an honorable discharge—[laughter]—that is, be-
cause our platform has not been recognized by
the gentlemen of the opposite party. That plat-
form recognizes the Supreme Court as the tribunal
that interprets the laws of the land. That Su-
preme Court has decided that the people of the
South have a right to carry slaves into the Terri-
tories of the United States. Therefore, as one
of the discharged soldiers, I say that wc are will-
ing to take the Eell and Everett platform as a
basis of settlement for the existing difficulties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question beingonMr. Hardeman's amend-
ment,
Mr. HARDEMAN asked leave to withdraw it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 object to its with-
drawal. I want a vote on the amendment after
that argument. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to amend line one
hundred and sixteen, by adding, after the words
"garrison purposes," as follows:
" To enable the Secrotaiy of War—if hp may consider
it for the advantage of the Government to doso, under tho
bupervision of or through the aid of the otfict'rs having in
chmge the quartermaster's, ordnance, or engineer's depart-
ment, or any other head of any or either of the Executive
Depaitmentsof the Government—to test the practicability,
utility, and economy, of a combined \vi ought and cast-iron
wheel, for use upon transportation wagons and other sim-
ilar vehicles, or upon gun carriages adapted for artillery
u-e, oi other purposes, as they in their discretion may de-
termine, and to be subject to their selection."
Before the reading of tho amendment was com-
pleted,
Mr. SHERMAN said: There has been enough
of that amendment read to show its character,
and I submit that it is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the amendment be
read. It will show for itself that it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair is of the opin-
ion that it changes the existing law.
Mr. FLORENCE. It does" not change exist-
ing law. It is for an economical purpose, to en-
able the Secretary of War to make experiments
which, in my opinion, will save the Government
millions of dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
tfhe point of order is not debatable. Enough of
the amendment has been read to show that it
changes existing law.
Mr. FLORENCE. Itdoes not change the law.
The CHAIRMAN. If itdoes not, it is not ne-
cessary. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, I submit to the
ruling of the Chair; but I ask that the amendment
may be inserted in the official report, and gentle-
men will see, when they come to read itfto-mor-
row, that I have stated its effect correctly.'
Mr. BOTELER.. I move to amend in the one
hundred and forty-eighth line by striking out
"^360,000,"jndinserting"§400,000." Thepara-
graph would then read:
For the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
$400,000.
