460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. Chairman, I shall not consume the time of
the committee at this late hour, by making an ar-
gument in favor of that amendment. The House
may probably remember that, at the la'st session,
1 made an earnest appeal to them to increase the
appropriation to the same extent for that year.
The argument for increasing the appropriation
applies with greater force now than then. I
hope the committee will adopt the amendment I
have proposed, and give the two national arm-
ories the amount they require, which ought not to
be loss than $200,000 for each of them.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. dUARLES. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that,uniess the gentleman from Ohio
speaks in opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia, his remaiks aie not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will move an
amendment to the amendment, then. I move to
strike out "$400,000," and to substitute therefor
" $450,000."
Now, Mr. Chairman, this letter of the Secre-
tary of War, and of the Ordnance bureau, says
that the capacity of the armories at Harper's Ferry
and at Springfield, for the manufacture of arms,
is about four hundred thousand dollars in the ag-
gregate, or $200,000 each, when they are worked
to their full capacity. The appropriations for a
year or two past have fallen short of that amount,
and they have not been worked to their full ca-
pacity. A larger number of men could have been
employed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, some'how or other, for
some reason which I do not coinpiehend, one
hundred and fifteen thousand stand of arms have
been taken from those armories and transferred
to the southern frontier; and one half of them to-
day nro in the hands of the enemies of the lie-
public, ready to be turned against the Army of
the Republic. I ask for this increase of appro-
priation, therefore, for the purpose of enabling us
to supply that deficiency.
Mr. BOTELEll. I offered my amendment in
good faith, to enable the Government to manu-
facture the usual quantity of arms; but I must
say that if the increase of the appropriation is to
v| be based upon the argument that arms taken south
are in the hands of the " enemies of the Repub-
lic," I would rather see the armory in my district
sunk, than that the imputation cast upon our suc-
tion of the Union by the remark of the gentleman
from Ohio should be justified by the conduct of
its people.
Mr. Chairman, I regret that we cannot consider
any matter of ordinary legislation in this House
without having these sectional difficulties thrust
upon us. What necessity was there that the gen-
tleman from Ohio should spring this issue upon
us while considering this item of appropriation?
If I am not mistaken, the information upon this
subject in the hands of the Committee on Military
Affairs is not full, and the chairman of that com-
mittee promised me that when he brought the
matter to the attention of the House, he would
accompany it with all the facts connected with
the transfer of arms to the differentsections of our
country.
A Member. How many have gone north ?
Mr. BOTELER. I do not know how many
have gone north, and I do not care; for I am
willing to trust arms in the hands of our citizens
north as well as south; and shall not stigmatize
those who have them " enemies of the Republic."
Mr. STANTON. I merely said that a lai^ge
proportion of the arms on hand in those arjnories
had gone out of the custody and control of the
Government altogether. I suppose that it will
not be denied.
Mr. CtUARLES. I understand that this debate
is not in order. I object.
Mr. BOTELER. I should like to ask thegen-
tleman from Ohio what that information has to
do with the regular manufacture of arms at the
national armories.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope I may be permitted
to make a single remark m this connection. I
desire to state an important matter of fact.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The debate has been exhausted upon the amend-
ment pending.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will move, then, to in-
crease the appropriation one dollar.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will state that, upon ap-
plication to theSecrctaryof Warforanadditional
number of arms for a volunteer force in Penn-
sylvania, the Secretary of War granted quite a
large number, if I mistake not, a thousand stand
of arms—more than the quota supplied by the
General Government under their regulations.
Mr. HINDMAN. When was that?
Mr. FLORENCE. Only a few months ago.
There was a very large volunteer force in the city
of Philadelphia without arms. 1 represented that
fact to the Secretary of War, and he provided
them with the Mime arm. He did it without
hesitation, and remarked that it would give him
great pleasure if 4*e were permitted, under the
law, to increase the number.
Mr. DELANO. I shall oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and I shall
ask some fifteen minutes upon it, with the indul-
gence of the committee. If 1 had time to show
the condition of these armories, I could make it
appear that there is a necessity, not merely foran
appropriation of $200,000 in the item of manufac-
ture, but for §200,000 in the item of repairs and
improvements 1 apprehend that even the Mili-
tary Committee of tins House cannot answer all
the questions upon this subject which are most per-
tinent to be answered. I apprehend they are not
able to tell you at this moment how many stand
of arms there are in the twenty-four depots estab-
lished at different points—I mean arms of that
character which anyone of these gentlemen would
intrust in the hands of infantry in the field. Now,
sir, I have made it a matter of investigation to
some extent; and questionable as the propriety
may be of stating it at this time, in the threaten-
ing aspect of affairs, 1 have been led to believe—
and I state it here upon my responsibility—that
there are not in the arsenals of the country, at
this time, thirty thousand stand of arms which
would pass the Government standard. Yes, sir,
not tliii ty thousand stand of arms. They have
been disposed ofe very where. Any flung and every-
thing has been done with them except to lelain
them for the use of the General Government.
I do not say that now is the tune for the Gen-
eral Government to consider more seriously than
heretofore this question, which I now call to the
attention of membcis. I brought it up at the last
session of Congress; and it was my intention, at
the adjournment of the last session, to urge it at
this session. I press the matter now, not because
of the threatening aspect of our affairs, but be-
cause I deem it to be a disgrace to the country
that a people professing to be among the firsfPow-
ersof the world should bo without a proper equip-
ment in a military point of view. We have now
an impoverished equipment that is disgraceful to
any nation pretending to any position. I can very
readily demonstrate, from the reports of the War
Department, the position wluch I now assume. In
1855 the smootli-boremuskets were superseded by
the Minie rilie. Since then we have manufactured
none of the old model. Wu have manufactured,
in all, seventy thousand of the new model; of that
number we have distributed over twenty-five thou-
sand to the different States. What were left have
been distributed to the twenty-four depots through-
out the length and breadth of the land. I appeal
to the House to say whether we have a proper
equipment, or whether we are in a proper condition
to meet any crisis or any exigency that may arise ?
I do not refer to any crisis which may impend
now; for, sir, God forbid that we should ever see
the time when any arm manufactured at the na-
tional armories should be imbrued with the blood
of any of the citizens of this glorious Union of
States. I repeat, that it is a disgrace for us, pre-
tending; to be one of the first nations in the world,
to be dismantled and disarmed, so far as respects
the arm now in question.
I oppose the pending amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, because I design at the proper time to move
to increase the amount of this appropriation
$200,000, and to add, for the repairs and improve-
ments for the manufacture.of machinery at the
armories, the further sum of $200,000.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing that
these amendments id reference to the national
armories should come in, and that a vote should
be taken upon them in the House.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to increase the appro-
priation to $500,000.
Mr. Chairman, while I would go as far as any
man to settle this question, yet I think it would
be extremely foolish if we did not look at things
as they are. That there is great danger, every
one admits. That there is a probability the United
States will need arms, is so obvious that it does
not require controversy. I know that the United
States is very strong. All it wants is to exert its
power whenever that is necessary. I hope that
necessity will never arrive. But, sir, in time of
peace we should prepare for war. I am anxious
that the amount asked for by the gentleman from
Massachusetts shall be put into this bill. Either in
peace or war, we want more arms than we have.
We want more arms of the new pattern. We have
a great many of the old pattern, which I know
will answer our purposes in case of necessity.
Certainly at this time, when our affairs are threat-
ening, we cannotexpect our constituents will look
on and see us indifferent to the existing condition
of the country without rebuking us, however
much we may all desire peace. It is the duty of
the men who still stand by the honor of their
flag, to see that the Union has ample means of
protection and defense. I trust, then, that my
amendment for half a million will be agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I do not rise to excess
any opinion as to the propriety of the amend-
ment moved by my colleague, or of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Iowa, but
for the purpose of expressing my hope that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
will inform the House why the estimate of the
Secretary of War was reduced to #50,000. I
never knew before an amendment of this magni-
tude—it being proposed to increase the appropri-
ation to $400,000—to a bill reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, to pass without
some defense from that committee for its action.
I hope that the chairman of that committee will
give us the reasons which influenced the Com-
mittee of Ways .uid'Means to recommend an ap-
propriation of only £50,000.
Mr. STANTON. The Secretary of War says
that lie cannot work more than $400,000 a year
—that that is the capacity of the aimoues.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of Mr. Curtis was disagreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Boteler was then
adopted.
Mr. DELANO. I now move to increase the
appropriation to $500,001.
Mr. CtUARLES. Is that in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; the paragraph
having been already acted on.
Mr. DELANO. I move, then, to add as fol-
lows:
For now workshops and machinery at the Springfield
armory, for working that armoiy up to us full capacity,
the fuithrr sum of $100,000; and on tlif completion ami
readme*.* for operation of such new workshops and ma-
chinery within tiie year now provided lor, the further sum
ot for the inanuuietuic of arms.
Mr. CtUARLES. I rise to a point of orderon
that amendment. The amendment provides for
the manufacture of arms, which question has
already been settled in a preceding paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not ex-
actly understand the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. Q.UARLES. We have already settled
upon an appropriation for the manufacture of
arms, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not in order in proposing to add
$100,000 for the same purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand the amendment as the gentleman from
Tennessee. It is an amendment in relation to the
Springfield armory, and not in relation to the
manufacture of arms.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to answer, under this
amendment, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garxett,] who inquired of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, what he had
to say on this subject, to explain why this large
appropriation was now made. I do not know
whether the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] ia aware of it or not; but the proposition
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] did
