1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
According to the Senate amendment the contrac-
tors have a perfect right to select a starting point a
thousand miles north of Memphis. This would
operate very unjustly; and I insistthatthe House
will non-concur in the Senate amendment, and let
the present contract stand as it is,
The question was taken on Mr. Clark's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. "I move to
amend by strikingout the last word of the amend-
ment—" 1864"—and inserting in lieu thereof the
word 44 1863."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate amendment
makes the contract expire at the same time as the
Butterfield contract does.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man,! believe the whole system of congressional
contracts to be wrong, and open to the grossest
frauds. Why should Congress make a contract
with these people? Why not leave it open to
competition by the advertisement provided for in
the law which has been already passed, and which
was so strongly urged by the gentleman at the
head of the Post Office Committee ? That law has
opened this route to competition on bids. Why
not leave it so ? Because they say you save some-
thing by giving itto the Butterfields. 1 deny that
you save anything at all by it. In the first place,
the Butterfields are to have two months'extra
pay as liquidating damages, which amounts to
$100,000. In the next place, they are to have
just as long time to move their stock as they
please, and to he allowed their present rate of
compensation till they do that. 1 think that, by
the time they will have done it, they will have
made up the difference. Every dollar of it will,
no doubt, be made up. Let tnem go on at the
present rate for the balance of the three years
that they have to run, unless the contract be
stopped under the law giving authority to suspend
postal routes. In that case, they will receivc two
months' pay, in liquidation of damages. It is so
stipulated in their contract. I think it will have
to be suspended. I think these seceding States
will soon have commenced their operations, es-
pecially in Texas, so that it will suspend of itself.
Why, then, pay them for transferiing their stock,
instead of letting them transfer it at their own ex-
pense, as other persons would do if they took
tins contract ? Why cut off ail competition; and
why emend, for three years to come, with addi-
tional < ompensntion, a contract large in itself ori-
ginally, and enormously profitable, instead of
allowing open bids to be made for it as they ought
to be ? '{ trust the llouse will not enter into any
such contract. I trust the matter will be left to
the ordinary mode. If there has been a mistake
made in the Buttci field contract, as I know there
has been, let us bear the penalty of it. But let
us not depart from the usual practice of letting
out these contracts by competition to the lowest
bidder. Next year, the House will be again be-
sieged with demands that we shall make more
legislative contracts, or convey some old contracts
to some new route.
In addition to that, there has been just sent to
me an amendment, which I shall offer, providing
for damages for the discontinuance of the contract
to carry the mails by Utah. In fact, by the adop-
tion of this amendment, we subject this Govern-
ment to claim for damages from contractors ail
over the country. By the time you have finished
paying damages to the superseded routes, have
paid for the moving of this stock, and have paid
two months' liquidated damages, I do not think
you will have saved much, unless you save car-
rying the mail in places wheie I think it ought
never to be cau;ed. 1 see no reason now for vio-
lating that contract; and I therefore hope that the
Senate amendment will be non-concurred in, ac-
cording to the recommendation of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
would say that the time fixed in the amendment
for the termination of this contract is the time at
which the old contract expires, the 1st of July,
1864. I am as much opposed to legislative con-
tracts as any one; and I believe I have never yet
voted for one. If this were in the nature of a le-
gislative contract, I could not vote for it. But
here is the difficulty. This Butterfield route is a
legislative contract itself. It was passed here
against my vote, against my remonstrance; and I
believe I have always voted against it from that
time to this. But the question is, how are we to
get rid of the contract?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let it run
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we let it run out, we have
to pay $600,000 a year for a service which is of
no benefit to us.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. And never
was.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to get rid of it. My
friend says, the Postmaster General may discon-
tinue it. The Attorney General does not think
so. The Postmaster General tried to discontinue
it; but it could not be done.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Ohio will recollect that what I said
was, that it could be discontinued under the law
which we passed to discontinue mad routes.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, the
Postmaster General cannot discontinue the ser-
vice, because it is a legislative contract, and can
only be changed by Congress. My friend from
Pennsylvania says that claims will be made for
damages by the contractors on the Utah and other
discontinued routes. Those contracts, however,
contained the stipulation that the Postmaster Gen-
eral might discontinue them by giving thirty days'
pay. They arc simple contracts made by the Post-
master General, and not by Congress.
It seems to me that this is a very plain propo-
sition. Congress being the only power that can
suspend the Butterfield route, it is proposed to do
it by increasing their compensation $400,000 a
year, and converting the weekly service into a
aaily one.
Mr. COLFAX. Is an amendment necessary
in order to enable me to submit two or three
remarks?
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I will submit an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has hitherto
indulged in more latitude of debate than would be
strictly iu oidei, and he will hereafter confine gen-
tlemen to the rule. If there be no objection, how-
over, on this occasion, the gentleman from In-
diana may proceed.
Mr. COLFAX. I merely wanted to make a
correction in a matter of figures. This Butterfield
contract has now three years and a half to run, in
which we shall, if U continues,puy$2,100,000, for
which we receive no substantial return. In regard
to the remark of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] that damages would be
claimed by other contractors, I have to say that
all their contracts expire on the 1st of July, when
this bill takes etfect. No damages can therefore
be claimed, and none are to be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of closing the debate
on this amendment of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Post Otlice appropriation bill, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate on
the amendment of the Senate to the Post Office
appropriation bill under consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the amendments pending thereto, be term-
inated in five minutes after the committee shall
resume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burnett in the
chair,) the question pending being on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Stevfvs, of Pennsylvania.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. For the purpose of enabling
me to submit one or two remarks, I will move to
amend by striking out from the twenty-first to
the twenty-fourth lines, inclusive.
Mr. Chairman, the first portion of the clause,
which I propose to strike out, gives to the con-
tractor the right to separate the mails, and carry
one portion by land and the other by sea. It
makes no provision that the separation shall take
place by the agents of the Department, The
whole of it, if I understand the provision, goes
into the hands of the contractor, who is respons-
ible, and has the right to make the separation, and
carry one portion by land and the other portion
by sea. I submit to the committee that this amend-
ment of the Senate gives to this contractor a powe*
which is confided to no other contractor of the
Post Office Department of the United States. In
all other cases the separation is made by mail
agents or by postmasters.
Then you go further, and allow this contractor,
as was well said by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] to carry by express one por-
tion of mail matter at a rate which you have fixed
at two dollars an ounce, thus forcing the commer-
cial men of the country to send their correspond-
ence under this enormous charge, while you pay
the same contractors for carrying the regular mail
§1,000,000 per annum. Now, sir, who are the
contractors to which theamendmentof the Senate
Kivcs this enormous amount? I understand that
William H Russell is the chief contractor.
Mr. COLFAX. Oh, no.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 so understand it. Mr.
Russell is the pony express man. I understand
that this Mr. Russell, who is now under a crim-
inal prosecution by this Government in regard to
certain bonds abstracted from the Interior De-
partment, is the pony express contractor to which
this amendment applies. 1 know nothing about
him, as to whether he is guilty or innocent; and
I certainly would not desire to prejudge the sen-
tence of the court, whatever it may be; but I do
not think he is precisely the man who should be
intrusted with these immense privileges for which
you propose to tax the commercial men of the
country.
Mr BURCH made a remark, which was not
heard at the reporter's desk.
Mr. GARNETT. I am under the impression
that Mr. Russell has charge of the property of
this pony express company; and I have heard that
he proposes to make this contract a condition on
which he is to restore the Indian bonds to the
Government, and that it would therefore be a
desirable arrangement for the Government to
make. I do not think that such a course is a dig-
nified or proper one for the United States Govern-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. Thegentlemanisentirelymis-
taken. This is intended to supersede the Russell
Pony Express Company.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, sir, there are two
ways of conducting this Government. One is, by
passing laws upon principle; laws which shall be
for the benefit of the people at large, not for the
purpose of building up a particular locality, or
for the benefit of particular persons. If I under-
stood the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] he would be in favor of conducting the
Government in that manner. Rut when the Gov-
ernment goes astray, and it is left for the people
to correct the error, the tax upon each individual
is so small that they arc very slow to rally upon
such an issue as that. But there is another much
cheaper and easier way of conducting the Gov-
ernment, by centering whatever benefit or emol-
ument can be deiived upon certain localities and
particular individuals. These localities, ofcourse,
are very grateful to the party in power, and they
contribute money and furnish means for election-
eering and support in the elections, while those
persons who are the recipients of special monop-
olies, privileges, and benefits, will also contribute
their means to that end. And these are matters
in which, as I have said, the people at large take
so little interest that they cannot be relied upon
to sustain any general system of electioneering.
It would seem that this system has been the one
mainly carried out in this House during this whole
session of Congress, and particularly since the
conservative influence of southern members has
been withdrawn from this Hall.
Now, sir, here is a proposition to incorporate
into an appropriation bill a provision for placing
an extensive monopoly m the hands of particular
persons, while any general measure for the ben-
efit of people, such, for instance, as that for abol-
