1"861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
not covcr the deficiencies in the appropriations
which have been made for this purpose, if we run
through the last half dozen years. In 1855-56,
the Government having adopted a new model,
there was no appropriation. In 1856-57, there
was asmallappropriation of|250,000. 1 n 1857-58,
when the model became established, there was an
appropriation of $400,000. At that time that was
considered necessary in order to make up the de-
ficiency in the appropriations while the new model
was brought to perfection.
From 1858 up to the present time, in conse-
quence of the embarrassed condition of theTreas-
ury, Congress has cut down the Secretary's esti-
mates from $400,000 to $250,000, so that, if we
are to make up this deficiency, we should add the
present year §300,000, which would increase the
appropriation beyond the sum which the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] named in his amend-
ment. We have actually, for the last two years,
been working upon an appropriation of $250,000,
when, two years ago, the Secretary of War
estimated the appropriation for this purpose at
$400,000. If, then, there were nothing in the
present state of the times to require an increase of
appropriation, and if we were merely intent upon
making up the deficiency of the last few years,
it would be due to the armories of the country
that we should add $300,000 to make up the dimin-
ished appropriations of the last two years. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
speaks of the Secretary of War. I confess that I
do not know whom the chairman means by the
Secretary of War. He says the Secretary of War
says we can get along with this sum. If he refers
to (he estimates sent us by the late Secretary of
War, I must confess that, to my mind, that is
not a satisfactory statement of what should be
estimated, when we see and know how that de-
partment of the service has been managed within
the last year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mi. STANTON. The way in which I under-
stand the question is briefly this: the armories
have a capacity to work hands which will exhaust
the sum of $400,000 per annum. They have not
the means and appliances t%work up and use, in
the course of a year, a larger sum. It is no mat-
ter, therefore, what may have been the failure to
make appropriations in the past year; and you
cannot, by supplying the deficiency, add anything
to the annual products of the armories in the
coming year. At the instance of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, a communication was sent
to the War Department requesting" information
as to the capacity of the armories; and the answer
conveyed to us the information that the armo-
ries could work up, with their present capacity,
$400,000 per annum, and no more. Then it mat-
ters not what is the deficiency of appropriations
in past years, or what the surplus. You cannot
increase the amount of manufacture beyond the
capacity of production of the armories. Hence,
it is of no use to appropriate more than $400,000.
It would answer no useful purpose, and hence I
propose that the appropriation shall remain at
$400,000.
As to repairs, I suppose they can be dispensed
with in the present embarrassed condition of the
Treasury. I know that the Secretary of War
says that the buildings at the Sprmgfield armory
ought to be replaced by larger and more commo-
dious ones. But I apprehend that the House will
not, in the present condition of the country, au-
thorize the tearing down and rebuilding of the
Springfield armory.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, whether he has any informa-
tion from the Department as to the capacity of the
armories ? Also, whether he does not know that
they can manufacture forty thousand muskets per
year, whereas they have, during the last few years,
been manufacturing only eighteen thousand? I
do not know who communicated to him the in-
formation of which he speaks; but I know this
and I can show it from the debates of last year—
that the Senator from Mississippi, who is as
familiar with the necessities and wants of this ser-
vice as any man, said that the present working
capacity of the two armories is equal to the man-
ufacture of forty thousand stand of arms per year,
whereas, at, the present tune, they manufacture
only eighteen thousand.
Mr. STANTON made a reply as to the source
of his information, which was entirely inaudible
to the reporters.
Mr. HILL. I know enough of the nature of
the amendments which will be offered to this bill
to satisfy me that we should not dispose of it to-
night; and, therefore, I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not. We are within
a few sections of the end of the bill already.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I am ready to vote upon all
amendments which may be offered to the bill, and
I am anxious to get through with it; but if this
debate is to be continued, 1 say let us rise.
The amendment of Mr. Delano was not agreed
to.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I move.to strike out lines
one hundred and eighty-four and one hundred
and eighty-six inclusive, as follows:
" For continuing the survey of the northern and north-
western lakes, including Lake Superior, $73,000." •
I see that this work is estimated for by the
Department; but the estimate was made in No-
vember last, and I presume that when the esti-
mate was made, the present contingency of the
country was not upon us. The Treasury is now
bankrupt, and we are borrowing money at twelve
per cent, interest. Now, this work is not actu-
ally necessary for the purposes of the Army. It
is a mere survey of a lake, which may be made at
some other time as well as the present. We would
all like to have the information which this survey
will give us; but it is not actually necessary to
the efficiency of the Army; and I propose to strike
out the $75,000. I think wherever wo can pos-
sibly retrench our expenditures in the present
financial condition of the country, we ought to
do so; and this is one of the cases where we can
safely do it. It will not take away a single dol-
lar from the actual troops; and it will not dimin-
ish the efficiency of the corps at all. My amend-
ment will only suspend this work for the time
being, and until we are in a better condition for
prosecuting the work.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Thegentleman
seems to be under a total misapprehension of the
character of the great work which is going on.
The whole of the lakes are being surveyed, and
the work has been prosecuted for several years.
This work is under the direction of the War De-
partment; and hence appropriations for it have
always been made in the Army bill. The gentle-
man, in opposing the appropriation, speaks of the
financial embariassmetits of the Government.
Thegentleman ought to know that there is a large
amount of material on hand for the prosecution
of thffe work, which it is good economy, to say
the least, to keep employed. Two steamers are
employed all the while, and there are materials
enough to carry on the work; and to suspend the
work would be worse than paying twenty-five per
cent, for money to carry it on. The necessity for
its completion is the same as that of the Coast
Survey. The work has always been prosecuted
with great economy, and at a much cheaper rate
than any other work of the kind. We cannot
suspend it without tying up these steamers to
rot; and it would cost more to resume the work
than to go on with it now.
The amendment of Mr. Q,uarles was not
agreed to.
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That no part of any of the foregoing appropria-
tion* .stall be expended dueetly or indirectly tor tlie pur-
pose of recapturing any IVirt.~. arsenald, navy-jard*, or other
property of like description in poises^ion of any States
wliieii have seceded, or may hereafter secede, troin tins
Confederacy.
By the unanimous consent of the committee, I
will consent to have a vote taken upon this amend-
ment in the House, and will not discuss it here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing.
Mr. CURTIS. I object. I want it discussed.
Mr. JENKINS. Very well. I have a word or
two to say about it. I desire to say that this
amendment is not offered as a pretext for saying
anything; but in good faith, and with a desire to
procure a practical amendment to the bill before
the committee. I think it is nothing more than
fair that, for the purpose of construing this bill,
the remaiks of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who reported it, may be con-
sidered as a context. And taking his remarks as
a context, I remember distinctly that he declared
that this bill was for the ordinary purposes of the
Government, and for the recapture of the forts
and arsenals, and other property of that descrip-
tion, within the limits of the seceding States. If
I do the gentleman injustice in my statement, I
hope he will correct me.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the defense of the prop-
erty of the United States, and for the recovery of
that which is unlawfully withheld.
Mr. JENKINS. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to mean to recover it by military force, as
this is a military bill. That, sir, is precisely the
remark to which I alluded. Now, Ihave to say
that this bill, construed by the context of the gen-
tleman's remark, is nothing more or less than a
force bill; and its purpose nothing more or less
than to put into practical execution the plan of
asserting military supremacy over the States
which have seceded from this Confederacy. This
bill means war upon those States; and it means
nothing else; and J appeal to every member upon
this floor from the slaveholding States, when this
bill shall be reported to the House, and shall be
voted upon, to know if any one of them will give
his vote for a bill upon which the construction
has been fixed which I have mentioned, by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who reported it.
Now, sir, I have one other remark to make,
and then I shall have done. When the gentleman
who reported this bill was declaiming so elo-
quently for peace—that is, peace from the South
towards the North—he should have remembered
that the very proposition which he interpolated
into his remarks of using the funds appropriated
by this bill for the purpose of recovering, by mil-
itary force, the occupancy of the forts and arse-
nals in the seceding States, was of itself a propo-
sition which, if maintained by the dominant section
of the Confederacy , would dissolve the Union and
dismember the Republic, if there was no other
question of dispute between us. If we are to un-
derstand that, at any time hereafter, under any
circumstances, however pressing the emergency,
or however great the necessity, no portion of the
States of this Confederacy, however many they
may be in number, shall be allowed quietly to act
upon the great principle of self-government and
confederate together, but that the strong arm of
the Army and Navy will be used by the old Gov-
ernmentto bring them into subjection—I say even
if the slavery question were dead to-day, the fact
that the dominant section stand upon a proposi-
tion of that sort, and are ready hereafter at any
time to put it into execution, is enough to make
any southern man desire to get out of the Con-
federacy as soon as possible.
Mr. CURTIS. I am here a Representative of
the United States—that is, I am Representative
of a certain district in the State of Iowa, in the ,
United States—and while I am in the United
States, I expect to stand up, by all honorable
means, for the honor, the safety, and the perpe-
tuity of the whole of the United Slates, North and
South. When the forts of the Government are
taken by lawless mobs, I deem it my duty to
vote for their recovery. I will do it if they be by
a large force, or by a State, or by a section of
States. I would adopt every means of concilia-
tion, exhaust all other means, before I would re-
sort to force; but, as a Representative of the
United States, 1 could never consent to vote for
a proposition like that now offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia. Why, sir, we have pur-
chased angles of this continent in view of their
defensive positions. We have attempted to round
off this great continent, so to speak, not for the
purpose of establishing new States, but for the
purpose of defending States which already formed
a portionof this great Confederacy. One of these
salient points is the Florida reef; it is like the
bastion of a fortress. It defends the whole of the
Gulf of Mexico. Florida was purchased by the
United States for defensive purposes, and we paid
$5,000,000 for it. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, as a statesman, pretend to establish the idea
here that Florida, as a State, can go out of the
Union, and we thereby lose our $5,000,000and
our defensive point also ? Suppose we purchase
Cuba—a circumstance which may happen some
