1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the Postmaster Genera} is authorized to replace any locril
service affected by the discontinuance of said route, now
performed by thecontraciors on said route, by giving a suffi-
cient mail service, to take effect upon such discontinuance.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Sec- 13. Jlrul be \l further enacted, That any of the pro-
visions ofthe act entitled " An act for the establishment of
post routes," approved 27th February, 1861—before referred
to—which conflict with the provisions ofthis act, are hereby
repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. GARNETT. I move an amendment to
come in by way of a proviso to that section, and
which I hope will meet the concurrence of the
gentleman from Ohio. It is as follows:
Provided, That m> part of the amount appropriated by
any aet ot' Congress for the service of any one fiscal year
shall be used for, or applied to the service of any other fis-
cal year, nor be traustened to or used ior any other branch
of expenditure than that foi which it is specifically appro-
piiated * Provided, Thai nothing herein contained shall ap-
ply to appropriations ior the present and next fiscal year.
Mr. SHERMAN. That whole matter was
arranged by a law of the last session, to the satis-
faction of the gentleman from Virginia and my-
self It was by an amendment to one of the
appropriation bills.
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman refer to
the particular section ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot refer to the sec-
tion; but I will state that it was entirely satisfac-
tory to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. GARNETT. I do not recollect the fact;
but upon the statement of the gentleman from
Ohio, I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I move an amendment pro
forma. There are some matters connected with
these Senate amendments which I think might be
improved by some modifications. I am in hopes
* thatthe House will concur in the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that a con-
ference may be had in reference to the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, and thereby permit
a fair arrangement ot the matter. I withdraw my
amendment.
The amendment was concuncd in.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the committee
do now use and report the amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resinned the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,according to order, had under consid-
eration the special order, being the Senate amend-
ments to the bill making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the year
ending the 30th June, 1865, and directed him to
ie[ioi t the same to the House, recommending con-
currence in some and non-concurrenco in others.
Mr. SHERMAN. The action of the committee
has Jeff hut three points of disagreement between
the two Houses; one relates to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois; another
relates to the Minnesota mail route, and the other
lelate&to the compensation to post route agents.
I hope, therefore, that, as this is the last day of
the session, the House will concur in nil the Sen-
ate amendments. That course will pass the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. There was an understanding,
if no division was taken in committee, that the
yeas and nays should be had in the House upon
the adoption of one amendment. 1 only desire to
remind the gentleman from Ohio of that fact; and
I hope the House will refuse to concur in that
amendment
Mr.SHERMAN. Of course I expect the gen-
tleman to have the yeas and nays upon the Bat-
tel field loute amendment. I only desire to call
the attention of the House to the faet that it will
be better to avoid a disagreement between the two
Houses; and that we had better agree to all the
Senate amendments, as our disagreements are
very trilling. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, arid the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to the House a con-
currence in all the amendments of the Senate,
except the one relating to the Butterfield route,
and upon that! join the gentleman from Missouri
in asking for the yeas and nays.
Th« amendments of the Senate, with the ex-
ception of the one above named, were all con-
curred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendments were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the yeas and nays upon
the amendment in reference to the Butterfield
route. There is no necessity for its being read,
as we all understand it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrieh, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt. Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bouligny, Brayton,
Briggs, Buffinton, Burch, Burlingame, Butterfield, Camp-
bell, Carey, Caiter, Cobuin, Clark 13. Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkling, Conway, Covode, Cox, James Craig, Curtis, II.
Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dueli, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Ehot, Ely,Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Florence,
Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
J. Morrison Harris, Haskm, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard,
William Howard,William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey,
Hutchms, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgorc, Kdlinger, Lai rabee, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Logan, Lonpnecker, Loomis, Lovejov, Mars-
ton, McClernand,McKean, McKmght. Mcpherson, Laban
T. Moore, Moorhead,Morrill, Moi<e, Niblaek, Ohn, Pal-
mer, Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Pottle, lliee, Ltiggs, Christ-
opher Robinson, Sherman, Sp.mlding, Spinner, William
Stewart, Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Train,
Trimble, Valtandigham, Vaudevei, Van Wyck, Venee,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, CadwnhulerC. Washburn, ELI -
lhu B. Wasliburne, Webster, Wells, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Burr, Bariet, Boteler, Brabson,
Bianch, Bristow, Brown, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, Clemens, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Ethcndge,
G.iruetf, Gilmer, John T. Hams, Hatton, ihndman, IIol-
man, James M. Lcaeh, Leake, Mallory, Charles D. Mar-
tin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McKenty, Milison, Nel-
son, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,U.uarlcs, Simms, William N.
H Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Wmslow,
Woodson, and Wright—43.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX announced that Mr. Case was
paired oft* with Mr. English until half past two
: o'clock; and that Mr. Wilson was paired olf with
Mr. Mouuis, of Illinois.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rise to submit a privileged
motion. I move that when the House takes a re-
cess to-day, it be till Monday at ten o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to take up and consider the bill of the House
No. 1)10, further to provide for the collection of
duties upon imports.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That lull is not in order, this being private bill
day, by the rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent to
take up now the bill " further to provide for the
collection of duties on imports."
Objection was made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to take up the bill, and on that 1
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that whenever,
by reason of unlawful obstructions, combinations,
or assemblages of peisons, it shall become im-
practicable, in the judgment of the President, to
execute the revenue laws and collect the duties on
imports in the ordinary way in any collection dis-
trict, it shall be lawful for the President to direct
that the custom-house for such district be estab-
lished and kept in any secure place within some
port or harbor of such district, either upon land
or on board any vessel; and that, in that case, it
shall be the duty of the collector to reside at such
place, and there to detain all vessels and cargoes
arriving within the district until the duties im-
posed on the cargoes by law are paid in cash, any-
thing in the laws of the United states to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and that, in such cases, it
shall be unlawful to take the vessel or cargo from
the custody of the proper officer of the customs,
unless by process from some court of the United
States; and that, in case of any attempt otherwise
to take such vessel or cargo by any force, or com-
bination, or assemblage of persons, too great to
be overcome by the officers of the customs, it shall
be lawful for the President of the United States,
or such person or persons as he shall have em-
powered for that purpose, to employ such part of
the land or naval forces, or militia of the United
States, as may be deemed necessary for the pur-
pose of preventing the removal of such vessel or
cargo, and protecting the officers of the customs
in retaining the custody thereof.
Mr. JOtlN COCHRANE. I move a call of
the House; and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Babbitt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-two.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to give us a vote on suspending
the rules, without having a call of the House.
There can be no object in filibustering at this time
of the session.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well; I with-
draw the motion for a call of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object. Members did
not expect this bill to be called up to-day; and
this side of the House is very thin. I desire that
there may be time given for gentlemen to come
into the Hall; and therefore I object to the with-
drawal of the motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS— Mepsr.s. Gieen Adams, Adrain, William C. An-
derson, Babbitt, Bariet, Boteler, Boulignv, IJrahson,
Branch, Bristow, Buith, Horace F. Clark. John B. Clark,
Clemen*, Cox, James Craig, De Jarnette, Dunn, Edmund-
son, Etheridgo, Florence, Gainetf, Hatton, ilolman, Wil-
liam llow.ud, lluiiiii'i,, Kilgore, Kimkel, James M. Leach.
Leake, Loyan. Chains D. Mai tin. Elticit S- Mai tin, May-
nard, McKenty, Millson, Laban T. Moore, N'-'Kon, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Gtuarles, Riggs Sickles, SiniHh, William N.
H. Smith, Jritne> A. Stewau, Stoker, Thoma-, Vallandig-
hani, Vance, Wlnteley, Wmslow, and Wood-on—.33
NAYS—Messrs, Charles F. Adams, Aldt leh, Alley, Barr,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bnggs, Ruflinton,
llinhimame, Butterfield, Campbell, Catey, Cartel, Cobuin-,
Col tax, Conkhng, Cot win, Covode, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, Duell, Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Fams-
worth, Fenton, Ferry, Fostei, Fiank, Fiench, G oeh3 Gra-
nam,Giow, Gurley, Hall, Hamilton, JohnT. Hank, Ilel-
nuck, Huulman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutching, Irvinc. Jnn-
kin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kuiyon, KiUmgei, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lop, Loomis, Lovujoy, A{amon, MeKe.in, Mc-
Knight, Momhead, Edward Joy Moms, Moi.-e, Niblaek,
Nixon, Palmer, Peny, Porter, Potto, Pottle, Rice, Chrk-
tophei Robinson, James C. Rolntison, Rovee, Sedgwick,
Sherman. Somes, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayei, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiain,
Trimble, Vandevei, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Waldton,
Walton, CadwaUdei C. Wasdiburn, Ellihn B. Wa>hbmne?
WeiMei, WelN, Windom, W7ood, and Woodruff— luO.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Jenkins, was called home by urgent
business.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 103, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldticlu
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Bcale, Bingham, Blak<-, Bia\ton,
Brigga, Buffinton, Burlingame, Butteifield, Carey. Carter,
Cobuin, Colfax, Conkhng, Conway, t'uvode, Dawes De-
lano, Ducll, Dunn, Edgei ton, Eliot. Ely, Famsworth. Fen-
ton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Conch, Giaham, G.ow,
Gmley, ilale, Hall, Ilaskin, Helmick, Hickman, Ho.nd,
Ilolman, Humphrey, lluicluns, iivtn<', Juiikut, Fiam is W.
Kellogg, William Itellugg, Kenyo-n, Kilgoi.e, Kiliiugci. De-
Witt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomis, L<>vc;o\. Mais -
ton. McKean, McKmght,McPherson, INLIhvaid, Edwaid
Joy Morris, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Pcttit, Poitei, Potter,
Pottle, Rice, Chiktopbor Itobm-on, Ilove.^, Sedgwick,
Sheinian, Somes*, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Steven-..
William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thaver, Theaker,
Tompkins,Train, Trimble, Vandevei, Van Wyek, Veuer,
Wade, Waldion, Walton. Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
lihil B. Washbuine, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff—103.
NAYS — Messrs. William C. Anderson, Barr, Bairet,
Brabson, Branch, Bits-tow. Biown, Burch, Bmnctt, Horace
F. Claik, John B. Ckuk, Clemens, John Cochrane, Curvwru
Cox, James Ciaig, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson,
Etheridge, Florencp,Fouko, Gamett, Gilmer, Hamilton, J.
