464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it to be in the
usual form. There have been several debates on
this question, since I have been a mombcr of the
body, as to what was the proper mode of address-
ing the executive department. I believe it has
been the uniform opinion that it should be " di-
rected" when it relates to one of the Secretaries,
and " requested" when it relates to the President.
The resolution was adopted.
PORT OF CHARLESTON.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which I offered yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Seftate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, and
it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interests, to
furnish to the Senate a copy of all rccent correspondence
between the Department ot State and any ministers of for-
eign Powers at Washington, with reference to foreign
vessels in the port of Chaileston.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 833) for the relief of Eben Adams;
A bill (No. 899) makingappropnations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1862;
A bill (No. 975) for the relief of the children
of Lieutenant Nathaniel Smith, deceased;
A bill (No. 299) for the payment of expenses
incurred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in
California; and
A joint resolution (No. 51) repealing a joint
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher,
late of Florida, deceased, approved June 1,1860.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hold in my hand a resolu-
tion which I intended to offer the other day, ex-
pressing the dissent of the Senate from the doc-
trines enunciated by the President in his message,
I think of the 16th instant, in response to a certain
resolution of inquiry presented by me. The mes-
sage was sent to the Public Printer three days
since, and I ask the attention of the chairman of
theCommittee onPublicPrintingto thatfact. It
is a very short document; and yet the Public
Printer has neglected to send it to the Senate.
I think some inquiry ought to be made into the
ctrcumstances of the case, and the reason why his
duty is not more promptly discharged. It is a
short document; it was sent to the Public Printer
three days ago, and I have not been able to obtain
a copy, so that 1 might peruse the President's
massage with the attention it deserves.- I do not
know what is the proper course to be taken.
Mr. FITCH. I know of no reason why it
should be delayed. Perhaps other public printing
may iiave delayed it. I assure the Senator that
inquiry will be made to-day into the cause of the
delay.
SUSPENSION OF LAWS IN SECEDING STATES.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to offer a resolution,
and ask that it be printed and laid on the table,
with the intention of calling* it up hereafter. I do
not mean to make a speech. It is a resolution
that is intended to meet one of the exigencies that
has arisen in the present condition of public af-
fairs; and which, in my judgment, is the best cal-
culated to avert that civil war which seems to be
impending. I ask that it bo read and printed.
The joint resolution (S. No. 60) m relation to
a suspension of certain laws in States separating
from the Union, was read the first time.
Mr. MASON. I do not entertain a doubt my-
self of the perfect and unquestioned right of any
State in this Union, in the exercise of its own
discretion alone, upon its own responsibility, to
separate itself from the United States.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, is
this resolution underconsideration ?
^ Mr. MASON- 1 offer it. I do not mean to
discuss it; but only to account for the phraseol-
ogy.
Mr. HALE. I want it to lie over.
Mr. MASON. I do not ask its present consid-
eration, but only to put myself right in reference
to the language used in it.
Mr. HALE. No objection.
Mr. MASON. But really desiring, as far as I
can, to be instrumental in averting what seems to
be impending*-—a civil war from the use of force
under the existing law—I have endeavored, in the
language of the resolution, to avoid as many points
of controversy as would "be likely to arise by the
expression of the sense of Congress upon the act
of separation. I have therefore only recited it as
a declaration on the part of South Carolina. I
move that the resolution be printed
The motion was agreed to.
MITCHELL AND RAMMILSBURG AND OTHERS.
Mr. PUGH. I move to take up House bill
No. 428, directing the Secretary of the Interior
to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell & Rammils-
burg and Baker & Von Phul.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to require the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to Mitchell &Rammilsburg, their survivor
or lawful assignee, for furnishing the United States
court-rooms in Cincinnati, Ohio, $552 17, in full
of their claim against the Government; and to
Baker & Von Phul, their survivor or assignee,
$161 20, in full o£ their account against the Gov-
ernment for furniture for the same court-room,
and all other claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. KING. I ask if there is a report in that
case, that wc may know what the bill is about?
Mr. PUGH. There was probably a report in
the House of Representatives, which the Secre-
tary can read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a small account,
amounting to about six hundred dollars in all, for
furnishing the court-rooms at Cincinnati, which
was before the Judiciary Committee; and I think
it is substantially right.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to the bill. I
simply desired to know something about it, be-
cause indefinite bills always have more in them
than appears.
Mr. PUGH. I can explain. The accounts
have been audited 
Mr. KING. I waive the call for the reading of
the report.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
RAPT OP RED RIVER.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the per-
mission of the Senate to take up a joint resolution
relating to the Red river raft, in Arkansas, which
has passed the House of Representatives, and put
it on its passage.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) giving the
assent of Congress to certain acts passed, or to be
passed, by the Legislatures of Arkansas, Louis-
iana, and'Texas, or any two of them, in relation
to the raft of Red river, and for other purposes,
was read by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that will not be
taken up. It involves very important principles,
and we have a special order at one o'clock. I feel
quite sure that this joint resolution can hardly
pass between now and one o'clock. It involves
the question of the collection of tonnage duties on
the western waters, and I hope we shall not go
into the consideration of so important a subject
during the morning hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to say,
as 'the Senator opposes the taking up of this joint
resolution, that I concur with him entirely in the
idea that it cannot be passed by one o'clock, i
have no idea and no hope that the resolution will
pass by one o'clock, if the Senator seeks to make
it an object of serious opposition; but I will state
to the Senate that this resolution passed this body
at a previous session of Congress—the Congress
before this—and was sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, where it failed to receive consider-
ation, and of course fell by the expiration of the
Congress. Now, however, it has passed the
House of Representatives and come to this body,
and now it meets this opposition. I cannot but
think that the Senator from Illinois is somewhat
in error in regard to the principles upon which
he relies, and which induce him to oppose it.
There are none concerned in this matter other
than those who live above, below, and around the
raft of Red river. There are not less than fifty
thousand people above that raft whoareconstant
sufferers in consequence of this obstruction. They
have been petitioning Congress for forty or fifty
years for its removal, and Congress has appro-
priated, from time to time, thousands and hundreds
of thousands of dollars to remove the Red river
raft. These people, however, have now given up
all hope that Congress ever will do anything ade-
quate to relieve them in the premises. In this
condition, compelled to look to themselves alone
for any hope whatever, they have proposed that
the Legislatures of their own States may be au-
thorized toprovide companies, so that the citizens,
with their own means, may proceed to remove the
raft and relieve themselves from the worst incubus
there is on any people in any State within the
whole United States; and still the Senator from
Illinois, for some slight cause, that I cannot but
believe is utterly unreasonable, and is entirely
without any real foundation, pertinaciously op-
poses this measure; and this is not the first time
he has done it.
Those who live above that raft cannot receive
a barrel of flour without a tax of five dollars upon
it. They cannot secure its transportation thirty
or forty miles without a tax of five dollars a bar-
rel for freight; and everything else is in propor-
tion. I simply name that one article as being one
in regard to which the unreasonable character of
the charge will be easily understood by every
member here. The whole cost of the barrel itself
would only be about five dollars, ordinarily, and
absolutely the cost of transporting it some twen-
ty-five or thirty miles comes to some five dollars
more. There is no such thing as getting articles
that are of any weight for less than double the
real value of the articles themselves, on account
of the increased price of transportation; still, the
Senator from Illinois is averse to taking up this
measure, which simply authorizes the States them-
selves to form companies, and allow the people
out of their own pockets to pay for, govern, and
direct the removal of that raft, and give them an
opportunity to bring in and carry out produce
such as their necessities require.
I think that the opposition to this measure is
of the most unreasonable character that I ever
knew. I hope the Senate will take up the joint
resolution, and dispose of it. I have with patience
sat here and listened to others, and have allowed
the time to be devoted to other matters, hoping
and supposing that the Senate would at some time
give me an opportunity of taking up this joint
resolution, and having it disposed of. I ask the
Seriate to consider it and dispose of it; either kill
it at once, and tell these people that they shall
continue to suffer, or give them relief, and let them
out of their own pockets pay the expense of the
improvement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the Senator from
Arkansas whether, if we take up this joint reso-
lution now, he will waive it in case it shall not be
disposed of by the time the special order shall be
called up ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Exactly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I hope we may take
it up now, and proceed with it until that time, at
least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
opposing this proposition, as the Senator from
Arkansas would seem to suppose, from any feel-
ing I have in regard to the particular measure at
all. But it involves, in my judgment, constitu-
tional principles of some importance. I do not
believe that we have authority to pass such a bill.
I do not think we have authority to grant this
power in advance. 1 will not go into a discussion
of the provisions of this bill now; but I think it
conflicts with the Constitution; it certainly in-
volves very important constitutional questions. I
have no objection to taking it up at any proper
time. I am entirely willing, so far as I am con-
cerned,that the Senator from Arkansas shall name
some day to take it up, when we can have time
to investigate it and discuss it; but to call up a bill
of this importance in the morning hour, when we
have but twelve minutes to act upon it, would
manifestly amount to nothing; and I would sug-
gest, as the Senator from Arkansas seems to think
that I have some design in keeping this bill back,
that he name his time—I do not care when it is—
so that we may know that it is coming up, and
there will be sufficient time to consider it. Then,
if the Senate understands that it is to come up, I
presume Senators will come piepared to discuss
it, if they think proper to do so, or to vote upon
