1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
Supreme Court has decided that the mere admis-
sion of a Territory into the United States as a.
State, without legislative provision, dismisses in
fact every pend ing appeal and writ of error in the
Supreme Courtof the United States, the question
is one of great importance. The Supreme Court
have so decided; and it was that very thing which
induced me, two years ago, to supply that defect.
I did it after consultation with the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] and the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] and other members of
the committee on the Judiciary. We thought it
was a wise practice, to prevent parties coming
here to get spccial acts to restore their causes now
pcnrlii^; on appeal or writ of error. Therefore,
to admit the State of Kansas, or any other State,
without this provision, is to pass an imperfect act.
If the session were yet long enough for us to feel
certain that a new bill could be matured here by
our committee, called up in the Senate and passed,
and go to the House of Representatives, be ex-
amined and passed there, and become a law, I
should care very little about it; but what assur-
ance have we of that? If we admit the State of
Kansas, with no provision f<w the administration
ofjustice, as I say, itis an imperfectact. Now,
who is afraid that this bill will not become a
law, merely because we putin it a proper and just
amendment? The bill has passed the House of
Representatives heretofore, and passed by a large
majority. Our amendlnenl does not require that
it shall go to any committee of the House for ex-
amination: it does not require that it shall go to a
Committee of the Whole House. It is simply to
prevent a failure in the administration of justice;
and therefore, as I said, it having been put upon
the Lecompton bill, it having been made as a
Senate amendment to a House bill in the case of
Minnesota, it seems to me that the suggestion of
the Senator from Illinois is suspecting evil where
certainly no evil is intended. I shall, therefore,
vote for the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no proposi-
tion be made to fill the blanks in the proposed
amendment, the question will be taken on the
amendment without filling them.
Mr TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Ohio is entirely mistaken as to the effect which
he apprehends will be produced upon suits. 1 am
not aware of any such decision as that of which
he speaks.
Mr. PUGH. I tell the Senator there are three
or four such decisions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there be such a decis-
ion, it would be in the teethof the statute, which,
I apprehend, would be overruled in this case, at
any rate. The schedule of this constitution pro-
vides, in order that no inconveniences may arise;
" That all sluts, rights, actions, prosecutions, recogni-
zances, contracts, judgments, and claims, both as respects
individuals and bodice corporate, *>hall continue as if no
change had taken place."
Mr. PUGH. Is the Senator reading the con-
stitution of tile State?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am reading from the
schedule of the constitution of the State.
Mr. PUGH. What has that to do with the
Supreme Court of the United States in regard to
a writ of error pending there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Supreme
Court of the^United States is as much bound by
the action of Congress in admitting this State
with this clause in its constitution, as if it were
in a separate statute. Congress ratifies this con-
stitution by admitting the State with it; and I am
not aware of any such decisions as those of which
the gentleman speaks; but a general law would
reach thorn, if there were such decisions. It seems
to me the only effect of thi&amendment is to delay
the bill by sending it back to the House of Repre-
sentatives. As my colleague well remarked, we
have had this Kansas question before us long
enough. Now let us admit Kansas as a State;
and if there is any trouble, it will be very easy to
correct it by subsequent legislation, without en-
cumbering the admission of the State with these
details.
Mr. GREEN. I think this amendment emi-
nently proper. There will be no Federal judge
there, and no Federal marshal, and no means of
enforcing Federal authority. I am not willing to
trust Kansas by herself, under Kansas laws, and
Kansas rulers, and Kansas judges, and Kansas
executive officers, without some Federal author-
ity so far as the Constitution gives us the right;
and when the Senator from Illinois says we can,
by a supplemental bill, pass it, I ask, why not put
it on here ? It is just, it is right, it is proper; and
lie says it will pass in another bill. It can get
through on this bill better than on any other bill;
and why ? All who are in favor of the proposi-
tion will go for it; and the friends of Kansas will
go for it, because it will not hurt Kansas in aivy
manner, shape, or form, unless it be simply this
one point: that they desire to delay the organiza-
tion of a judicial district, and the appointment of
a judge, until the next President comes in. Let
us call things by their right names. If that be the
object, speak it out in meeting: let us understand
it. Are we to have a judicial district there or not?
If not, why ? If so, let us go to work; make it—
for it can be done in five minutes—and the House
of Representatives will agree to the amendment
thus proposed more readily than they would agree
to a separate bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now find out what the im-
portance of this question is. It seems it is a ques-
tion whether the present or the next Executive
shall appoint the judge.
Mr. FITCH. I trust the Senator from Illinois
will not do me the injustice to suppose that that
is the sole reason which governed me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, certainly not; because
.you have not avowed it.
Mr. GREEN. I avowed the, motive of the
opposition, not of the movement.
Air. FITCH. There is another reason, inti-
mately connected with politics, of much more
importance.
Mr. DOUGLAS. All I have to say to that is,
bring up your bill to-morrow, next day, any day,
to create a judicial district, allowing the President
of the United States to make the appointment
under the Constitution, and I shall vote for it
under this Administration, under the next Ad-
ministration, under any Administration. I will
neither postpone the bill for the benefit of the next
Administration, nor will I amend it here for fear
of the next Administration. I will perform my
duties as the occasion arises, and let each Admin-
istration take the patronage as it may fall to it;
but I do think we ought to pass a bill during this
Administration, before the 4th of March, in the
usual fornx, for Kansas; and unquestionably I
should resist any attempt to postpone merely for
the purpose of giving a Republican President the
opportunity of making the appointment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So would I.
Mr. FITCH. That is all very good declama-
tion. The Senator from Illinois may introduce
his judicial bill to-morrow; buthe has yet to learn
that it will not pass this Congress until about the
time of the inauguiation of another President. If
he does not know it now, time will show that my
prediction that such will be the fact is correct.
But I said there was another reason, intimately
connected with politics, aside from the appoint-
ment. That reason I shall now proceed to state;
and I will leave it for the Senator from Illinois
to say whether it operates at all upon him, or
not.
It is an 4dmitted fact, as the Senator from Ohhy
has said, that unless there is a judicial district
created, all cases ponding upon writ of eriOT, or
appeal to the Supreme Court of theUnitedJStates,
fall. There is an important case supposed to be
in that condition now in the Territory of Kansas,
involving the question for which the Senator from
Illinois lias contended—the right of a Territorial
Legislature to abolish slavery. It is there. The
decision in the territorial court has been adverse to
that right; and if this amendment be not adopted,
that case upon appeal falls, and there will be no
decision on it by the Supreme Court. I trust we
are all anxious for a decision; at least, we all
should be. Let this specific case go to the court,
and a specific decision on that precise point bo
had; and that I apprehend cannot be done, unless
there is a judicial district created simultaneously
with the passage of the bill. The pendency of
this case was doubtless known wheiwhis bill was
introduced. I will not say that a knowledge of
this fact led to the oijimion to insert a provision
in the bill for the creation of a judicial district.
If there were any political considerations con-
nected with the neglect to make that insertion at
that time, those considerations were probably
connected with a desire to obtain the political
power which a new State would give the Opposi-
tion, and the political representation here; but I
trust that no such consideration operated. .That
the other consideration to which I have alluded,
connected with this amendment, did operate, I
have good reason to" believe; not, however, from
anything said by members of this body, and I
trust it will not be found operative here.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was not aware, sir, that
there was any such case as the one to which the
Senator has referred. If I had ever heard of it,
I had forgotten it, and was not aware that any-
thing of the kind was pending.
Mr. FITCH. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I said, I was not aware
such a case was pending. If it had been decided,
therefore, I was not aware that any such decision
was made. If it were so, I take it for granted
the right of appeal to the Supreme Court is not
taken away. If there is any doubt on that point,
I will agree to insert a clause in the judicial bill
that it snail not be taken away, and that will put
an end to all apprehension in that rcspect. The
right can be reserved in the judicial bill, and there
will then be no difference about it. No man is
more anxious than I am to have the question to
which the Senator refers decided in the Supreme
Court. I desire to have it decided <it the earliest
period at which it can be brought regularly before
the court; and I will go for inserting in the judi-
ciary bill all the provisions necessary to secure not
only that, but every other case that can arise.
That will certainly obviate all the difficulty, and
disposes of all the objections except the one about
the patronage involved in the appointment of the
judge of the court; and in regard to that, it may
'be possible—I should not be at all surprised, from
my knowledge of the other side of the House, if
it were so—that they would like to reserve the
appointment of the judge for the next Adminis-
tration. If they do, they will have power to do
it. Before this bill becomes a law there will be
absentees enough on this side of the Senate to
give them a majority; and if they are going to be
governed by political considerations in the ap-
pointment of a judge, they will refuse to confirm
your appointee and suspond the appointment, as
the Senate has often suspended the appointment
of judges of the Supreme Court' just as an Ad-
ministration was going out, in order to postpone
it until the next one came in. If that side of the
Chamber are going to be governed by political
considerations, they will have the power on the
question of confirmation just as well now as here-
after. But I take it for granted they desire the
bill passed; and therefore I take it for granted
there will be no difficulty in passing a judiciary
bill. I take it for granted they do not wish the
citizens of Kansas to be put to the inconvenience
of having no Federal court; but if they want to
get the patronjjgc, they have the power to obtain
it in the mjwiner i have indicated just as well as
they cojifflby this bill. {" Question !" " Qitcs-
nanjyj
Jflr. GREEN. The admission of a State is an
-important question, and especially the admission
of Kansas. When the Union is so beset with
difficulties, we ought to be very cautious. A wrong
done now can never be rectified, so faras the State is
concerned. I am not willing to have the freedom
of speech interrupted by these constant repeti-
tions of " question," " question," " question."
We have no previous question here. If we choose
to change our rule so as to have it, I will submit to
it; but we should not be insulted by Senators saying
"question," "question," " question," when we
desire to debate a question. I cannot understand
it. I want it to cease, and I want order preserved
and decorum observed. [" Question !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment now before
the Senate. There are two blanks in it, howevdV,
which it will be in order to fill before the taking
of the question on the amendment. If no motion
be made to fill those blanks, the Chair will put
the question on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. PUGH. I simply wish to set myself right,
as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] seemed
to suppose that I hud misstated the ttecisions of
the Supremo Court. I found one of them upon
the instant, in the tenth volume of Howard's
Reports, page 302, McNulty, plaintiff in error,
