1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
Mr. GILMER. It is the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections'.
Mr. STANTON. Then it strikes me it must
be a question of privilege.
Mr. GILMER. There is no question of order.
It is not a resolution that I offer on my own re-
sponsibility. It is a report I am instructed by
the Committee of Elections to offer.
Mr. PHELPS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not. Tlie
question is on laying the appeal on the table.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the House un-
derstands that we are waiting for the report of the
committee of conference on the Indian appropri-
ation bill. I hope the motion to adjourn will not
be made.
Mr. EURNETT. I withdraw it.
ENROLLED BILL.
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced that
the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill:
A bill (H. R. No. 852) for the relief of certain
Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians.
COLORADO DELEGATE AGAIN.
The question recurred upon laying the appeal
on the table; and being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 4fi; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Charles t'\ Adams, Alley, Ashley, Avery,
Babbitt, Barr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocoek, Brabson,
Bristow, Brown, Butfinton, Burch, Burnett, Butterlield,
Carey, Carter, Horace F. Cfaik, John B. Clark, Colmrn,
John Cochrane, Conkimg, Cox, Burton Ciai^e, John G.
Davis, Delano,Edmuudson, 1-llot, English, Ethcridge, Fen-
ton, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank.Granam, Curley, Hall,
John T. llairis, llatton, Hickman, Huaid. Holinan,William
Howard, Hughes, Junkir., DeWitt V. Leach, Lee, Lofr.m,
Loomi^, F.ibert S. Muitm, Ma>naid, McOlernand, Mc-
Kean, iUillson, Laban T. Moore. Morse, Niblack, Phelps,
i'ottle, Pryor. lliggs, IUUtin, Sheinian. Pimm-, William N.
H. Smith, Somes, Spinner, Tappan, Thomas, Tompkins,
Yandeverj Wells, Whlteiev, and VVinslow—79
NA\'S—Messrs. Aldrich,WilliamC Anderson,Brayton,
Campbell, Case, Collar. Covode, Cutti-, H. Winter Davis,
Edwaids, Ely, Farnsvvorth, Gilmer, ilale. Ilehillek, Hum-
phrey, Fiancis VV Ivellogg. William Keilo™, Kenjon,
James M. beach, Longnecker, Lovejoy, Marston, IMc-
Kent} , McPherson, Moruli, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson. Nixon, i'ettit, Porter. Quailes,Chiistopher
Robinson, Stanton, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Trimble, Vance, Veriee,'Walton, Elhliu B. Wa>hbuine,
Wnidom, Wood, and Woodruff—46.
So the appeal was laid oil the .table, and the res-
olution decided to be out of order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIU SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that tile Senate has agreed to the report of
the committee of conferericeon tlie bill making an
appropriation for the construction of a military
road in tlie Territory of New Mexico.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES AGAIN.
The question recurred upon Mr. Fknton's mo-
tion to suspend the rules, to enable lam to intro-
duce his resolution.
The question was taken;and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
The resolution was again read.
Mr, SHERMAN. I move to add to the reso-
lution the words:
Provided, The rcpoits are now prepared and written
Mr. THOMAS. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio. Members of com-
mittees ought to have until the adjournment of
Congress to prepare their reports.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify ray amend-
ment. so as to make the resolution refer to such
reports only as shall be filed with the Glerk be-
fore the expiration of this Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mi. Sherman's amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr, DELANO, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
iVom the files of the House of tne papers m the
case of John L. Mersereau, for the purpose of
reference to the Commissioner of Patents,
FEES OF DISTRICT ATTORNEYS, ETC.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hold in my hand Senate
bill No. 86, to amend existing laws relative to
the compensation of district attorneys, marshals,
and clerks of the circuit and district courts of the
United States. It is a bill which has passed the
Senate, and has received the consideration of the
Judiciary Committee of this House, and which
was unanimously reported from that committee
by my colleague, [Mr. Nelson.] It is a bill that
ought to pass; and I ask that it be now put upon
its passage.
Objection was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I demand that the bill
be read.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I move to
postpone all other business until we can take up
and pass my bill for the benefit of the old soldiers.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is a mo-
tion to suspend the rules already pending.
Mr. STANTON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] that now is not
the time to pass a bill of so much importance as
this. Members ought to know something about
it. We cannot take a bill of this kind upon the
mere recommendation of a comniittec. It cannot
pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill has been very
maturely considered, and it ought to pass.
Mr. COX. Is this debate in order?
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged motion. I understand that the
gentleman from Tennessee has moved a suspen-
sion of the rules. I move that the House do now
take a recess.
Mr. SHERMAN, I hope not. I understand
that the report of the committee of conference on
the Indian appropriation bill is now in this House.
Mr. RUFPIN. What will be the effect of the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the House
takes a recess now, it will take a recess under
the previous order of the House, until ten o'clock
011 Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I under-
stand that the gentleman from Michigan is pre-
pared to make a report from the committee of con-
ference on tlie Indian appropriation bill, I with-
diaw my motion for a recess.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I desire to make a report from
the committee of conference on the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Before the report is read,I wish to say a word
to the House. I believe that the action of the
House upon this report will determine the fate of
the bill. I therefore ask that the House will give
attention to the reading of the report, and will
listen to me for a few moments while I explain
the effect of the report after it shall have been
read, so that members may vote intelligently one
way or the other.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on llie aniem!mcnt& to House bill No.
865,'u making appiopri;ition«i for tlie current and contingent
expenses oi tlie Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulation* with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June, 30, 186x2." having mot, afterfull and free conference,
have agreea to recommend to their respective Hoih.es as
follows:
That they adopt the report of the former committee of
contercnccj on tne disagreeing votes on the amendments to
said bill, e.\cept as to numbers five, six, and nineteen, of
said amendments; and as to said amendment number nine-
teen, Uiey recommend that the House recede from their
disagreement thereto and agree to the same, with the fol-
lowing amendment: Stukeout the whole amendment, and
in lieu thereof insert the following:
For payment to the Choctaw nation, or tribe of Indians,
on account of their claim under the eleventh and twelfth
articles of tiie treaty with said nation- or tribe, made £2d
June, 1855, the sum of $500,000, $25l),000 ot which sum
bhall bo paid in money; and for the residue the Secretary
of the Treasury shall cause to be issued to the proper au-
thorities of the nation or tribe, on their requisition, bonds
of the United Stated, a* authouzed by Jaw at 'die present
session of Congress: Provided, That in, the future adjust-
ment of the claims of the Choctaws, under tlie treaty afore-
said, said sum shall be charged against said Indians.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifth and sixth amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
sam« with the following amendment to each:
Provided, That the said sum may be paid, at the discre-
tion of the Sedretary of the Treasury, in bonds of the Uni-
ted States,authorized by law at the present session of Con-
gress.
WILLIAM A. HOWARD,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL.
JOHN W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
GEORGE C. PUGH,
A. 0. P. NICHOLSON,
J. it. DOOLITTLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. That report
was signed unanimously by the managers on the
part of both Houses, although, perhaps, with
some reluctance. This nineteenth amendment,
which was the principal difficulty, provided for
paying $1,202,000 to the Choctaws,anddistinctly
recognized something like a million dollars more
under the eleventh and twelfth articles of the
treaty, and also in pursuance of the award made
by the Senate. The managers on the part of the
House could not agree to recognize that award in
any shape; but we were satisfied that there was
something due to these Choctaws on account of
the sale of their lands. How much was due them
we did not know; but we were satisfied that it
was more than the amount now reported. The
sum of $1,202,000 is, therefore, stricken out, and
$500,000 inserted; half of that sum to be paid in
bonds and the other half to be paid in money, to
meet the present necessities of the Choctaws,
MESSAGE FROM Till? SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
feience on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending 30th June, 1862.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to^the bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th June, 1862.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BIIX—AGAIN.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The fifth and
sixth amendments of the Senate, together, involve
an amount of $260,000 to the Chickasaws.
Mr. PHELPS. JNTo; the Sioux.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The only alter-
ation we propose in those" amendments is, that
instead of being paid in money, that amount may
be paid in bonds.
I have already said, Mr. Speaker, that this
report was agreed to with some hesitation and
reluctance; but finally the managers of the con-
ference consented to submit the report to the two
Houses, m order that they may decide whether
they will acccpt this report, or whether the bill
shall be defeated; for it will be impossible to enroll
this bill properly after ten o'clock on Monday, to
which time the House has resolved to take a
recess, when it does take a recess. Without de-
taining the House further, I move the previous
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from
Michigan will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I will with-
draw it for a moment, for the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this is almost
an unexampled event. The Senate put an amend-
ment upon this bill which the House deliberately,
and after full consideration, disagreed to. The
theory of our system of governments, that every
bill that passes Congress shall have the sanction of
both Houses; but here is an attempt, it seems to me,
to compel the House to agree to pay this Choctaw
claim, when it has twice been rejected by a delib-
erate vole of the House. This report of the
committee of conference recognizes the validity of
the claim. For one, I would rather see the bill
defeated than vote for this report. I do not ques-
tion the conduct of the managers of the conference
on the part of the House, but I do say that we
