468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
vs. John Batty and others, the case of the State
of Wisconsin:
" A \vr t of error to the supreme court of the Territory of
Wisconsin was pending in tins court when the State ot
Wi^con^in wa-v admitted into the Union,and no provision
way made by any act of Congress for the execution of the
mandate of this court, m suchacase, by any inferior court;
field, I. Thar as the territorial court had ceased to exist,
and no court had been empowered to execute the mandate
of this court, the writ must be dismissed; 2. That as the
subject of the suit was a matter not within the judicial
power of the United States within a State, Congress eould
empower any court therein to execute the mandate of this
court after the admission of Wisconsin into the Union."
There are several others, but I happened to lay
my hand upon that first. This amendment was
drawn two years ago, as I said, upon a careful
examination of this decision, and to meet that
very difficulty.
Mr. COLLAMEIi. Mr. President, in relation
to that, it is not entirely true that the mandate of
the Supreme Courtmust be authorized by law to
go to some other tribunal if the one from which
the judgment came has ceased to exist. That
requires legislation, and it has received it. I have
here a list of the acts for the admission of a large
number of States for the last thirty years, and not
one of them, with the exception of the single in-
stance of Minnesota, had in the act which admit-
ted the State any such provision as this. I can
£0 as far back as Indiana, Arkansas, and Illinois.
They were always, cxceptin that single instance
of Minnesota, and for the very purpose which the
gentleman mentions, fully provided for in this
judicial arrangement after the State was admitted
in every case, and even since the Minnesota case,
in the case of Oregon.
For myself, Mr. President, I never entertained
an idea that the question about this amendment
Jmd any political character attached to it in the
world. I should be as free to vote to-monow for
this arrangement for the judicial necessities arising
out of the admission of a new State, in relation to
the State 'of Kansas as any other State. I shall
be willing to do it at any time, to-morrow, or
whenever it is a proper subject for consideration.
There is no necessity to vote iton this bill. With
a single exception, the whole experience of the
Government is the other way. Ail the cases have
been the other way for a great many years; and
how it makes any sort of difference with the de-
cision quoted, I am sure I cannot conceive. That
decision has been already made; and therefore
anything that could be done here about making
judges and courts for the States of Kansas never
could, by any possibility, have any efleet upon
that judgment m any way. The citing of that
as a ease, which culls for this being done in this
bill, has no force whatever. I do not wish to take
up time about it.
Mr. GKICEN. I want to ask the Senator one
question: does not the admission of the State
abolish the present Federal courts there?
Air. COLLAMER. There is no Federal court,
as lie rails ir, there, in the sense in which I use
the term " Federal." There is a territorial court,
jf he menus thnf.
Mr. GRKEN. By Federal authority.
Mr. COLLAMER. By congressional author-
ity. You know that has been decided not to be
like a Federal court. The territorial courts, those
created by Congress,arenotconstitutional courts.
Mr.GtiEEN. 1 understand. Does it not term- :
innte the existence of that court? j
Mr. COLLAMER. Oh, yes; it terminates the I
jurisdiction ot the territorial court.
Mr. GREEN. And although an appeal is taken j
in that court, and notice of the appeal given, how ,
is a case to be brought up to this court? If that ;
couit then ends, how are you going to get from i
that cmtit to the Supreme Court? The moment i
you abolish the court, can you send a writ of'
error there r There is nobody to serve a writ on, >
oj- to bring up the record. |
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in every !
one of the cases I have mentioned—the list of i
which 1 have—the territorial courts always ended 1
when the State was admitted; and in that ease of
W i see n sm,which came before the Supreme Court, |
they decided that inasmuch as the case came up ;
from the territorial court, they could not send a '
mandate to any State court to execute the judg- ;
meni of tfie Supreme Court. They said it re- i
quired <u\ act of Congress to invest them with the ;
pown to do that. Now, all these judicial acts 1
have m tlmm fhh very arrangement to meet that
contingency. They are all made that way. They
provide for it; and so it will be .here. Whenever
this State is admitted, and an act is brought for-
ward for the purpose of covering these cases, that
will be just the way here.
Mr. &REEN. Will the Senator vote for it?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly I will; to-mor-
row or any day.
Mr. GREEN. Why not do it to-day as well
as to-morrow?
Mr. COLLAMER. Thereasonissimply this—
and that has been answered two or three times—
it*will embarrass the admission of the State, and
send the bill back to the House of Representa-
tives, and we shall have another quarrel about it.
That is the reason.
Mr. GREEN. There will be no difficulty about
the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. There will be no trouble
if the biil be passed, and the State admitted.
Mr. GREEN. The only matter that can corne
before the House of Representatives will be the
amendment put on the bill; and if they will pass
the amendment in a separate bill, they can pass it
attached to this one, so that the whole objection
falls. There is some other purpose which I can-
not devise except as I have explained. The House
of Representatives cannot consider a bill after
they have passed it. The rules do not allow it.
They cannot amend or alter one single word in the
bill as they passed it; and when the bill goes back
to them, the only question is: will you agree to
the Senate's amendment or not? If they would
agree to this amendment in a separate bill, will
they not agree to it added to this bill, when a
majority of the House are so warmly attached to
the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the case
referred to by the Senator from Ohio by no means
establishes the principle which has been contended
for. That decision goes this length: that no mat-
ter what acts of Congress may be passed—that is
the point of the decision, although they place it
upon two grounds—it is not competent for Con-
gress to give the Supreme Court jurisdiction of a
case when the court to which their mandate would
be directed is gone, and the subject-matter of the
suit is not one of which the couit would have
jurisdiction as in a State. Now, take the case
suggested by the Senator from Indiana, and the
very case which has necessitated the occasion for
offering this amendment. That is a case of which
the Supreme Court of the United States would
not have jurisdiction if it came from a State. It
is not one of that class of cases of which the
Supreme Court has jurisdiction, except in the
Territories. Now, what does this court decide ?
They say:
<c 1. That a« the territorial court had ceased to exist, and
no eottri hail been ompowoicd to execute the mandate of
tlih couit. tin.* wilt nm-.t he dismi-^ed. 2. That as the sub-
ject ol the bint was a matter not within the judicial power
of the United States within a State, Oongicss could not
enipowoi any court theiem to execute the mandate of this
court alter the admission of Wisconsin into the Union.".
And after going over the statutes—for this was
a case where there was an express statute to give
the Supreme Court jurisdiction—the court say—
I read now from the opinion of the c^urt:
In placing the want of jurisdiction, however, upon this
ground'"—
they decided that it did not come within the
statute, and there was a statute of the United States
intended to cover it—
'•we lUUht not be understood a5! admitting that, if the
piovisjons of the Floiida act of the 22d ol Febiuary, 1847,
applied to the case, the jimsdiction eould be upheld. For,
if we are right in the conclusion that, even a^uming the
lccoid in the ca.se had been tiantsforred irom the tentorial
to the di«tnet couit ol the State, our jiuisdiction would
stiil be incomplete and ineffectual, inasmuch as that court
po^se^sed no powei to c.im the mandate mto execution,
the ca^o not being one or' Federal jui i-diction, tiie result
would be the Name as that at which we have aiiived.
" In every view, theiefoie, we have b-vu able totakeof
the ease, we an: Mtisfied that our jurisdiction over it ceased
with the terminal ion ot the ten ito'ial government and laws;
and that it has not been icvived or pr^erved, if, indeed, it
could have been, by any aeior authontyoi Congie^s on the
subject; and Wat the writ of erior mubt be abated."
In a previous part of the opinion the court say:
"The section was drawn, doubtless, under the supposi-
tion that, it the suit wa< pending here at the tune of the
adnu-sioa of a Territory into the Union as> a State, on ap-
peal or wiit of eiroi, no legislation was necessary to pre-
seive or l'ivc effect to the juiif-diction of the couit over it:
an opinion, as we have .s^cn, founded in error."
Then, the point of that case is, (and that is
what is decided in it; placed, it is true, upon two
grounds; first, that the act of Congress did not
embrace the particular case; and,if itdid,it would
have made no difference,) that it is not m the
power of Congress to give the jurisdiction—un-
less it is such a case as the Supreme Court of the
United States would have jurisdiction of, if com-
ing from a State after the State is admitted; and
you would not help it by forty bills under that
decision.
Mr, PUGH. "Well, Mr, President, there are
more than forty lawyers in the Senate; here is the
book, and they may" all read it, but this attempt
to make back-water around the case will not over-
throw it. The jurisdiction of the Supren# Court
of the United States in all writs of error and in
all appeals taken from the supreme court of Kan-
sas will determine, unless Congress passes some
act of legislation. How, whether the Florida act
in that case was sufficient or not, I do not know;
but I know that this provision is; because, since
it was putintotbe Minnesota act, cases continued
in the Supreme Court under it have been decided
and reported. Cases pending in the Supreme Court
of the United States^on an appeal and writ of error,
from the supreme court of the Territory of Min-
nesota, have been pending in that court under that
provision, and decided; so that, if that statute is
not sufficient, we know this is, because it has
passed under adjudication. I do not care to pro-
long the controversy. As I say, any lawyer in
the Senate may read the case.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, I desire to call
attention for a moment to the circumstances under
which this bill is about to be foiccd to a passage,
as compared with the circumstances attendant
upon the passage of the Minnesota bill. The bill
for the admission of the latter State passed in 1858.
Then the present Executive having some two years
to serve, it was not thought possible upon the
part of his opponents to defer the admission of
the new State long enough to prevent his having
the appointment of the Federal offices within its
limits, even it such postponement had been de-
sirable; and 1 do not know that it was deemed so
by any Senator on the opposite* side. But here
comes another bill for the admission of another
State upon the eve of an outgoing Administration,
and when one is abou-t to be inaugurated into
power with their political proclivities. There was
no objection on their part, in 1858, to the adoption
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] to the House bill for the ad-
mission of Minnesota in the precise language of
the amendment I have offered to this Kansas bill.
Then every Senator on that side of the Chamber,
without an exception, voted for it. Here are the
yeas and nays in the Journal 1 hold in my hand.
But now, suddenly, there is a conscientious desire
on their part to have the bill for the admission of
aState not hampered with any extraneous matter.
Their now professions are the reverse of their
then acts.
They pledge themselves that they will vote im-
mediately for a judicial bill. Why did they not
make the same objection to the attachment of the
same feature to the Minnesota bill ? I know, you
know, sir, the anxiety they felt—an anxiety par-
taken in common, I believe, on the part of all the
North, and indeed many of the Senators of the
South—for the early admission of tfcat State. We
thought it but an act of justice ; but we thought
it equally just to attach a provision similar to this
to the bill. No voice among them was raised
against the proposition then. Upon a call of the
yeas and nays, their names—including that of
the Senator from Illinois who sits behind me,
[Mr. Douglas]—are all recorded in the affirma-
tive. But now, under a new phase of political
parties, and in view of the fact that there is a cer-
tain question connected with the great sectional
agitation which is at this moment almost uproot-
ing the Government of the country from its found-
ations—and which question they areapprehensive
may, through this amendment, be decided adverse
to their political tenets—they desire to prevent
the attachment of the amendment to the bill in
order to prevent the decision. Instead of frankly
acknowledging that these considerations influ-
ence their views—and I cannot believe that the
views of all on that side are thus influenced—they
base their opposition to this proposition upon a
desire to admit the State without clogging the bill
for that purpose with any matter which can be
