THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ought to resist this attempt to compel us, at this
late period of the session, to pay $500,000 as an
entering wedge for the whole claim—a claim which
the House has deliberately dccidcd against, and
which has always been opposed by the Senators
from the States where these lands were situated.
I say we ought not to do it, and if the House will
sustain me, the report will be disagreed to. We
can then, by a two-thirds vote, send anew bill to
the Senate, precisely like this, in every respect
but the exclusion of these Choctaw and Sioux
claims.
Mr. PHELPS. I vjfould suggest that, instead
of resorting to the course which the gentleman
from Ohio indicates, another course can be pur-
sued. I cannot approve of this report of the com-
mittee of conference. I hope the House will reject
it, and will adhere to its disagreement to this Choc-
taw amendment, and let the bill fail at the other
end of the Capitol, if they choose to let it fail.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not lenow why gen-
tlemen, and particularly the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr.Phelps,] should show so determined
an opposition against this claim of the Choctaws.
He has himself, sir, to my certain knowledge,
sanctioned measures to which he was originally
opposed, but for the payment of which he has
claimed the support of this House, on the ground
of plighted faith; and yet, he tramples under his
feet that plighted faith whenever it fails to come
up to the uncertain standard of his own personal
views.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 do not know what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky means by 
Mi-. STEVENSON. I will explain all that I
mean; and I am responsible for all that I say.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not know what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky means by the course of re-
mark in which he has indulged. In the fulfillment
of my duty here, 1 have felt it incumbent upon me
to give the reasons at length why I do not believe
this award made by the Senate is binding upon
us. I know not to what measures the gentleman
refers.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will explain.
Mv. PHELPS. So far as thaClioctaw Indians
are concerned, I have saul this*<lay that, as it is
represented that they arc inn suffering condition,
I preferred making them a donation of $250,000
to relieve them from their sufferings, rather than
to sanction and recognize this award. If the gen-
tleman from Kentucky regaids that as hostility to
this tribe of Indians, 4hen he mistakes friendship
for hostility.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will explain precisely
what I mean, so that the gentleman shall not mis-
understand inc. I say that the gentleman him-
self urged upon this floor, during this session,an
appropriation for the former purchase of a Gov-
ernment printing establishment as essential to pre-
serve the plighted faith of this Government; and
I say that the public faith is as solemnly pledged
to the payment of this claim under the treaty, and
that a refusal of it is a stigma upon our national
faith.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair must
interpose, and say to gentlemen that this debate
must be confined to the subject-matter of the re-
port of the committee of conference, unless by
unanimous consent
Mr, PHELPS. One word of explanation with
regard to the matter to which the gentleman from
Kentucky has referred. That was an appropria-
tion to carry out a law passed by both Houses of
Congress, which directed the Superintendent of
Public Printing either to erect or topi ocure a print-
ing establishment; and the contract made by him
was not to be vtthd until it was approved by the
comnntt.ee of this House, and the committee of
the Senate. When the organized committees of
the House and the Senate approved of the con-
tract which the Superintendent had made, I con-
sidered it an approval both by the House and the
Senate, and therefore I favored the appropria-
tion lor the purchase of that printing office. But
I had voted against and resisted the bill propos-
ing to fasten a printing establishment upon this
Government, believing that it was wrong, unjust,
and improper.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate |
had agreed to the report of the committee of con- ]
ference on thedisagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the Senate, in addition to an act to
promote the progress of the useful arts.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri says that he voted against the bill providing
for the establishment of a Government printing
office, and yet he voted for the appropriation to
pay for it. Why? Because he thought the plighted
faith of the Government demanded it. That is just
the point I make on him now.
Mr. CAIIEY. I ask if this discussion is in
order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I cannot yield
further.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This debate is
not in order, except by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. PHELPS. One word.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I believe I am
entitled to the floor, and I decline to yield further.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from Michigan will allow me to go on tfith what
I was saying.
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri says that ho based his vote for that appro-
priation to pay for theGovernmcntprintingofRce
upon the ground that the faith of the Government
was pledged to it, and upon no other; and I say
that the same reason which controlled that vote,
demands his support of this.
Mr. CAREY. I call the gentleman to older.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair must
arrest this line of debate. The Chair hopes the
gentleman from Kentucky will confinc his remarks
to the subject-matter of the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. STEVENSON. Iamdoingso,sir. Icited
the case of this printing office to show that the
same reason which operated in one case should
govern in the other 
Mr. CAREY. 1 insist upon the decision of the
Chair being enforced.
Mr. STEVENSON Well, let the gentleman
insist, and let the Chair decide between us.
Mr. CAREY. I wili insist.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, do so.
Mr. CAREY. I intend to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the debate must be confined to the sub-
ject-matter of the report, and the printing oifiee
has nothing to do with the report.
Mi. STEVENSON. I have endeavored to con-
fine myself strictly to the report of the conference
committee; and all these interruptions have been
unnecessary. 1 was arguing in favor of concur-
ring m the report of the committee of conference;
and by way of illustration and precedent, 1 was
attempting to show that the action of the House
in sustaining an appropriation for the purchase
of the Government printing house rested on the
same basis on which the present recommendation
rests. The Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommended and supported that appiopriation, be-
cause the public faith was pledged to it; and we
are supporting this one because we consider that
this sum of money is due these Indians under a
solemn treaty entered into by the Government*
and ratified by the Senate, and under which this
award has been made. In what consists the dif-
ference? The treaty with the Choctaws, and the
award undent, arc more solemn and bindingacts
than a mere joint resolution of the two Houses
to buy a printing establishment. If gentlemen
have a right to go behind the treaty and awaid of
the Senate, why had they not a right to go be-
hind that joint resolution? This report of our
conference committee has been a compromise be-
tween the Senate and this House. The Senate
has receded from the original amount of their
amendment; and we have determined to recom-
mend the payment of $.500,000 to these Indians
on a claim that the Senate think just and valid.
The gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
Missouri get up here, and lecture us on this con-
cession to the Senate. Bccause this House dis-
agreed to the original amendment, and refused to
sanction it, is it any concession on the part of
this House to meet the Senate in a compromise
of their antagonism of opinion ? Is not such a
course sanctioned by the practice of this House;
Have not the Senate as much right to adheie as
this House to insist on itsdisagieement? Such a
course would defeat the bill. Have not the gen-
tlemen themselves pursued daily the course which
they condemn to-day' Both of them have yielded
in committees of conference to the adoption of
amendments of the Senate to which this House
was as much opposed as this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state again, with the
leave of the gentleman, that 
Mr. STEVENSON. Not now. I must go
on. All I said was, that this conference report
was a yielding up in part of the opinion of the
Senate and the House on this particular amend-
ment. It is not an absolute concession of one
House to the other; but a compromise by both.
No man can dispute that there is more due the
Choctaws than the amount of this amendment;
and no member of the Committee of Ways and
Means can point out any Senator who will not
admit that as much or more money will be, under
any estimate, coming to them than we have re-
ported. The sum thus reported will be a credit
on the amount due. If there be fraud or mistake,
it can be hereafter investigated, both as to the
treaty and award.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question oforder.
I desire to know who is entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan, and he has yielded it the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist that he shall yield
the floor unconditionally, if he yields it at all.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry
in this connection.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I am entitled
to the floor, and I now claim it,
Mr. PHELPS. Will thegentleman fromiMich-
igan yield the floor a moment'1
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. After a while
I will; but not now.
Mr. PHELPS. Only one moment, for a matter
between the gentleman from Kentucky and myself.
Mr. HOWARD,ofMichigan. I do not yield.
Mr. PHELPS. I have the right, I think, to
make an inquiry of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. You can wait
until 1 get ready. I will yield in a moment; not
now.
Mr. PHELPS asked a question of the gentle-
man from Kentucky which was not heard by the
reporters.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I am entitled
to the floor. It is the universal practice m this
body to allow members to yield the floor to col-
leagues upon a committee without losing the light
to the floor, or asking the consent of the House.
I have undertaken to do so, and am witling to do
so yet; but I hope the debate will be strictly con-
fined to this report. I will now yield to the gen-
tlemen from Missouri and Kentucky for personal
explanation, and I hope the question of order will
not be raised,and that the Chair will see to it that
debate is confined to the report.
Mr. STEVENSON. One word in regard to
the question put to me by the gentleman from
Missouri upon a personal matter. He says that
when I spoke of his urging the appropriation for
the establishment of a Government printing office,
I used the word "electioneering." I was uncon-
scious of using that word. If I did so, 1 certainly
did not intend to use that word in any personal
or offensive sense to the gentleman from Mis-
souri. 1 intended to say that, when the gentle-
man was urging that appropriation—not election-
eering—publicly here, as a member of this House,
he planted himself upon the ground of phghtud
faith. It gives me great pleasure to set myself
right by disavowing any intention of using the
word in any offensive sense.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied with the expla-
nation of the gentleman from Kentucky. It was
only the word " electioneering," that was offens-
ive to me. I did not suppose that the gentleman
from Kentucky intended to do me any injustice
in this matter.
Mr. STEVENSON, Certainly not. I urged
warmly, if the public faith requited us—as uiged
by you—to make that appropiiation in one case,
why does not the same public faith require us to
do justice m another, exactly resembling it5 Why
should this case be made an exception? Is there
no outside reason; is there no local motive oper-
ating upon gentlemen on the other side of the
House? Has the gentleman from Ohio no such
reason?
