1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
he demanded a division, the Chair will give it to
him,and thcactionjust taken will passfornaught.
Mr. SHERMAN. I as.k that the letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill, may be read. I want the
bill read too, and then let us have a division of
the House on the subject.
Mr., MAYNARD. The bill was read on Sat-
urday.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe that debate is not
in order, the previous question having been called
and seconded.
Mr. FLORENCE. The motion to reconsider
has been laid upon the table in reference to this
bill; and the House has passed to other business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stanton in
the chair.) The gentleman from Ohio could not
be heard in the confusion which prevailed, and
the Speaker, before he left the chair, decided that
the gentleman should have a vote on the bill.
The bill was read.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and resolutions of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
A resolution (S. No. 45) authorizing the issue
of the same quota of arms to the State of Califor-
nia for the years 1850 and 1851, as was issued to
that State for the year 1852;
A resolution (S. No. 64) for the appointment
of regents of the Smithsonian Institution;
A bill (S. No. 561) for the relief of Daniel B.
Hibbard;
A bill (S. No. 524) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the schooner
Perseverance, of Ogdensburg, State of New York;
A bill (S. No. 459) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page, United States Navy;
A resolution (S. No. 65) authorizing Captain
William L. Hudson, of the United States Navy,
to accent a diamond brooch for his wife, presented
to her by the Emperor of Russia;
A bill (S. No. 568) for the relief of Leslie
Coombs and Robert H. Crittenden, sureticsof the
lute A. J. Mitchell, purser in the United States
Navy.
A resolution (S. No. 67) authorizing W. II. Smi-
ley, United States commercial agent at Falkland
Islands, to receive a telescope tendered him by the
Belgian Government;
A bill (S. No. 399) for the relief of Thomas G.
Corbin;
A bill (S. No. 502) for the relief of TaylorDud-
ley, of Minnesota;
A bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B.
Mills, widow of Robert Mills;
A bill (S. No. 565) for the relief of Lewis War-
rington, paymaster. United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 19) legalizing certain entries of
lands on Leavenworth island, m the State of Mis-
souri; and
A bill (S. No. 567) donating to the States of
Minnesota and Oregon certain lands reserved by
Congress for the Territories of Minnesota and Or-
egon for University purposes.
HEIRS OF JAMES TAYLOR, DECEASED.
Mr. DUELL. I ask unanimous consent of the
House for leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the case of the heirs of Lieu-
tenant James Taylor, of the Virginia State line.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
DISTRICT ATTORNEYS—AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only statement 1 wish
to submit in reference to this bill, is this: the other
day the acting Secretary of the Interior sent for
me, and called my attention to the passage of tins
bill in the Senate, and to its being reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary in the House. He
then stated to me that the effect of the passage of
the bill would be to increase the judical expenses
oftheGovernmentfrom aboutone million to about
one million and a half dollars. I asked him to
give me an official statement in reference to the
matter. He then furnished me with a statement
made by Secretary Thompson to Mr. Houston,
formerly a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in this House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will say,
in connection with that statement, if the gentle-
man will permit me, that this hill was considered
by the Judiciary Committee <,f this House when
I was a member of it, and the committee were
unanimously of opinion that it ought not to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know nothing about the
bill myself. I merely call the attention of the
House to the facts which I have stated. Mr.
Kelly, the acting Secretary of the interior, stated
to me, that if the communication of Secretary
Thompson were before the House, and understood
by the House, in his opinion, it would be evident
to all that the bill ought to be defeated. I have
sent for the statement to which I have referred,
and ask that it may be read. I think it will con-
vince the House that this is such a bill as ought
not to be hurried through just as we are about to
adjourn finally.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Department ok the Interior,
February 2;*, 1861.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copv of a
communication, addressed, on the 21st of May last, by the
late Secretary ol the Interior, to Hon. George 3. Houston,
of the Judiciary Committee, House of Representatives,
wliich.it is believed, wiii furnish the information, respect-
ing Senate bill No. 86, desired in your note of tins morn-
ing.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
MOSES KELLY,
Acting Secretary.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of Committee of JFoysand
Means, House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior, May 21,1860.
Sir: In your letter ofthellth ultimo, you ask my views
respecting the provisions of Senate bill No. 86, ami to what
extent the expenses of the judiciary will probably be in-
creased, should the bill become a law. In reply tothefoi-
mer inquiry, f have the honor to say that,quite early after
entering upon the duties of my present position, it became
evident to me that additional legislation was requued upon
the subject to which you ask my attention, and in my fhst
annual report several distinct recommendations were made,
looking thereto. Other recommendations have since been
made, "upon the same subject; and for your information, I
recapitulate them all in detail, as follows:
1. An increase of the salaries of the district attorney-,
graduated by some equitable rule, with the understanding
that the receipt of such increased compensation shall bo in
full for all exua services they may be called upon to ren-
der outside, the provisions of the fee bill.
2. The appointment of cleiks of courts, m the same man-
ner as marshals and district attorneys aie appointed, and
the prohibition of their acting us United States commis-
sioners while acting as clerks.
3. The limiting of the compensation of the clerk of the
Supreme Couit ot the United States, and requiring him to
render an account of the fees and emoluments ot Ins office
semi-annually, like other clerks.
-i. That the clerks and marshals., for their own protection,
beevpiesslyauthouzed inall eases to demand thepajment
of their fees, or to take security therefor, when they are
not properly chargeable to the United States, in advance of
the rendition of the service.
5. That the President be authorized to make reasonable
and proper allowances for such cxtraordinaty services as
may be iendered,by maishals and district attorneys, m de-
tecting and bunging to trial violator of the laws prohibit-
ing the Atriean slave ti.ule.
6. That a liberal commission be allowed todistnet attor-
neys lor all collections made on judgments, forfeited reiog-
nizaneesj and lines, to injure gi eater promptness and hdel-
itv.
*7. That the act of 1/M, legulating the bonds of United
States marshaU, be so amended as to authorize an increase
of the penalt\, oi the tequireinent ot a new bond, when-
ever toi any eati>e it may be lonnd neecssarv.
The reasons which led to these suggestions are quite fully
stated at my annual reports, copies of which will be found
herewith.
Solar as the hill refcried to by you lias a tendency to
accomplish what I have thu^ locommonded, it meets my
entire appiova!; and I would recommend its passage as a
measme well adapted to do equal justice both to the Gov-
ernment and the ofheets whom a would affect. I am of
the opinion, however, that the hill would lie decidedly un-
proved by incoi pointing in it all the piovisions above enu-
merated, together with one piolubiting any allowance tor
constructive tiav el to mat sluil>,a i^tiiet attorneys, and clerks.
To the bill a- it now stands there are giave objections;
to which I avk ) our attention :
1. It ptoprws to release the district attorneys and clerks
ofeomts (exept the clerks within the District of Colum-
bia) fioui the lequireinents oi exiting laws to render ac-
counts of then lees and emolmni'iib, and to allow them the
entire earnings of their respective offices, but proposes no
such change ui favor of the marshals. It occurs to me that
the marshals ai •-* the veiy officers who, if any, could be fa-
vored in this ic.-pect with least risk to the Government, as
they ate purely nuni<ieiial ofheets, the amount of whose
business cannot depend upon themselves to any veryconsid-
erable extent, and who might not, theretoie, have it in their
powei to nnptoperly inciease the profits of their offices,
i Hut yet T would not advice a change ot the law even m
favor of those officers, as the amount they are now allowed
to retain is, in my opinion, sulfieicntlyliber.il to secure the
services ol competent officers, and there can be no hard-
ship in requiring them to pay into the Treasury any sur-
plus they may receive beyond that.
The law at piesent allows the district attorney to retain
$6,000 per annum if his salary, lees, and emoluments reach
that sum ; but any suiplus which he may receive beyond*
that amount he is" tequired to pay ovei to the United States.
If this maximum be too low to secure such legal talent as
!-■ reqnired.it ^hmild. w ithout doubt, heuicren^fd. !t *honlil
be sufficiently liberal for that object; but I think it would
be a very serious error to disturb the principle of the exist"
ing law establishing a maximum rate of allowance, for the
reason that the compensation of the distiict attorney, if un-
limited, would depend entirely upon the amount of busi-
ness done by him ; and this again would depend, to a con-
siderable extent, upon what he himself should think proper
to originate and prosecute; and because, in several of the
judicial districts, at the rates now proposed to be allowed,
the ordinary business would yield a rate of compensation
extravagantly excessive. Taking the business actually done
during the last two or three years as a basis of calculation,
it is believed that the compensation of the district attorney
foi the District of Columbia would reach twenty-five or
thirty thousand dollars per annum; and without any very
apparent abuse, the district attorneys of some of the larger
districts could reach from forty to sixty thousand dollars per
annum. No good reason is perceived for making such
allowances, and, in my judgment, it would be unwise to
authorize it. That the maximum now allowed is too smalt
m possible; and to avoid all cause of complaint on that ac-
count, I would respectfully recommend that it be increased
to a reasonable extent. What that should be, I do notteet
prepared to say ; but it would, I think, be wiser to make it
equal to the salaiyof the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, or even to that of the Attorney
General, than to make the change pioposed.
If the policy which limits the compensation of district
attorney and marshal be correct, it should doubtless be also
applied in the case of" the clerks of the courts. But if it be
otherwise deteimined, and the clerks be no longer required
to render accounts of their tees and emoluments, I see no
reason whatever for excluding the eleiks of the courts for
the District of Columbia lrom the benefits of this ai range-
ment; and suggest, that, in justice to them, the eighth sec-
tion of the bill be stricken out if the third be retained.
The fifth paragraph ot the fourth section, lines sixteen,
seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen, allows the marshal a
fee of two dollars for bringing into court any person in his
custody, and a like sum for returning such person into cus-
tody. In many of the larger districts, marshals' accounts
for these services at tins rate of compensation, would reach
a very large amount, for besides prisoners in custody, there
are usually in oui large cities numbers of witnesses confined
m jail, awaiting the trial of the causes in which they are
subpenaed to testify, and under this clause of the bill, the
maishal would receive four dollars each time, for taking
each one of them into court, and returning hiin to prison
again. The la«.t paragraph of the third section of the act of
February 26, 1853, expressly prohibits any fee for this ser-
vice, and as the maishal receives a per diem during the
time the eouit is in session,! see no reason why any should
be allowed.
Having thus, at some length, given my views in respect
to the leading features of the bill under consideration, I beg
leave to refer you to sundry amendments which have been
prepared and attached to the inclosed copy ot the same,
and which I think will require no explanation.
In reply to jour last inquiry, I have to say that should
the bill pass the House oi Representatives? and receive the
President's appioval in its piesent shape, the expenses of
the judiciary ilepait merit will be incieased, but how much,
it is impossible satisfactory to estimate. They are now
about one million dollars per annum : they may be doubled
or they may be trebled. They will be necessarily whatever
the officers ol' that branch of the serviee may deem it proper
to incur and the judges to certify; for t^e filth section of the
bill virtually proposes to take fiorn the accounting officers
ol tin: Trca&ury, as well as fiom this Department, all the#
control now exercised ovei this cla^s of expendituiPs.
No fee bill can possibly be adopted so full and perfect that
diilerences of opinion will not occur m its practical appli-
cation ; and no umfoiinity of decision can be expected if
there be more than one appellate tubunal of last resoit to
determine such questions as may arise. At the present time
\ve have about sixty judges of United States circuit, dis-
trict, and other courts, who would be constituted by this
bill so many auditors of accounts payable from the public
Treasury, each having his own peculiar views.of the law,
and each authorized to make such allowance as to him
should seem proper.
The certificate of the judge being conclusive upon the
accounting olficeis, it would follow that every account ap-
proved by htm would, in law, become a debt agamst the
United States, for the payment of which Congress would
be compelled to provide ; and thus it, likewise, would lose
all its power to control this class of expenses.
According to existing laws, the certificate of the judge is
final and conclusive, as regards all accounts of fees or costs
paid by the marshal toanj witness or juror, upon the order
of any judge or commissioner; and this is as far, I think,
as it would be prudent to go.
In all cases of fees payable to the district attorney, clerk,
marshal, or commissioner, from the Treasury, it would
seem to be eminently proper that the same rule should pre-
vail throughout the United States; and the responsibility of
establishing this under the Jaw, should be as it now is, de-
volved upon the executive branch of the Government,
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. George S. Houston, House of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think now the House
ought to hear a statement from some member of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NELSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, 1 wish to say a single word.
What right the acting Secretary of the Interior
had to send that letter here, or to interfere in any
way with the legislation of this House, I am at
a loss to conceive. I have no personal interest
in this bill, and have no feeling in regard to it. I
wish to state, however, that the bill Underwent a
full discussion and consideration in the Senate in
March, I860, a report of which I have now in my
