1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
pied; and in that case the proceeds of the sale
came into the Treasury of the United States, and
not into the treasury of the Territory. The dif-
ficulty which my friend from Missouri suggests,
therefore, cannot exist.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Ohio is en-
tirely mistaken. It does not reach the case at all.
I recollect that act.
Mr. PUGH. I will ask the Senator, does he
know of any sale except of that character?
Mr. CGJ J. A MF.R. The case of Atchison.
Mr. PUGH. The case of Atchison was the
case of a town site covering a section before the
survey.
Mr. GREEN. I answerthus: I do not know.
" Knowledge dwells
In licails leplete \\ ith UiotiylUb of other men ;
Wicdoni. m minds attentive to their own."
Mi. PUGH. I do not understand the remark.
Mr. GREEN. Well, 1 have no actual knowl-
edge, but I have information.
Mr. PIJGH. That is satisfactory. I did not
understand the other remark.
Mr, GREEN. But here is the point 1 make:
the Territory has sold two thirds of all the school
lands. Whether that title will be sustained or
not, I am not going to argue; but when they have
received the money—and it is now in their treas-
ury, or loaned out und bearing intei est, or applied
to the support of schools—lam not going to give
them additional lands. The language of this bill
will give them additional lands in all such cases.
Mr. COLL.AMER. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman whether the provision to which he alludes
in relation to these lands would give thorn any
lands except those disposed of by this Govern-
ment?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; I will answer: any
land disposed of legally is disposed of by this
Government; because this Government made the
grant to the Territory: the Territory sold it; and
the lord paramount is responsible for the title; so
that that does not meet the case at all. We must
not give this State any more than we gave Min-
nesota, We gave her a superabundance. What
harm can it be to put in a qualification that when
any portion has been disposed of legally, it shall
be excepted out of the grant hereby made? Can
there be-any harm in that; or do you want to give
them more? It is true they are a very poor, starv-
ing people, sending around and begging alms all
over the United States; but land will not support
life without labor. It is the production of land
that supports life; and it is not the land itself.
Hence I am not disposed to give them any tnore
than 1 give other people. 1 will give them just
the same measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and, if you please, running over. No otherTer-
ritory ever sold the land, if they have done so,
and the sale is good for nothing, then the quali-
fication will do no harm; but good legal opinion
has been given that by thcTcrritory is bind-
ing and valid; and why r They paid their money;
they have occupied the land; they have put im-
provements upon it; and the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] said he was astonished to
find fine buildings and expensive farms and culti-
vated fields, many of which are on the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections bought from the Terri-
tory under this grant, which said they were re-
served for the use of the schools in the Territory.
Now, as I before remarked, I shall not<lebate the
legal question. I do not choose to do it. Heave
that for the courts and the lawyers; but if the courts
should decide that those sales are legal, are you
going to give additional land for the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections which they have sold, the
money for which they now have, and thus give
them four sections in each township? Will you
do it? If you do not intend to do it, put m your
reservation and your exception. If you do not
intend to do it, vote it down.
Mr, DOUGLAS. The Senate has already a
bill, as I understand, confirming these lands that
ha\e been sold by the territorial government, and
that bill is unacted upon in the House of Repre-
sentatives. TheSenatehasoxpressed itsjudgment
that an act of confirmation was necessary to make
these sales valid. It appears by the action of
this body that the sales under the territorial organ-
ization have not been valid; and hence an act of
affirmation is asked, and the Senate has granted
it. The House of Representatives can either
concur in that bill, and confirm those sales, or not-
If not confirmed, those lands still belong to the
Territory. It shows that they think so, other-
wise they would not be asking an act of confirm-
ation. It is very clcar to my mind that the title
to these school lands is yet in the United States.
They were not granted in the territorial bill.
They were reserved. To whom ? To the United
States, to be applied according to the language of
the law. They wegc reserved for that purpose.
The judicial decision which the Senator from
Missouri cites in regard to the sales of the lands
in the States does not apply here, for in that case
the lands had not only been reserved in the ter-
ritorial bill, but when the States were admitted
into the Union the lands were then granted to the
States; and the question before the courts in his
State and mine was whether, in a case where we
had granted the lands to the State, after having
reserved them in the Territory, thegrant conveyed
the power to sell or simply the power to lease.
Our courts decided that a grant, being an uncon-
stitutional grant by the State, conferred the power
to sell. But the court very clearly would not
have decided that a reservation by the United
States for the purpose of being subsequently ap-
plied was a grant that authorized the sale. The
effect of the Senator's proposition would seem to
be to confirm what the Territorial Legislature has
done, and allow the confirmation of those titles. I
do not choosc to do it. If the State of Kansas,
after it is admitted, sees proper to pass an act of
confirmation ofihose previous sales, she may doit.
I am more unwilling to confirm this now, even
by inference, for the reason that it will seem to
be a licensc to other Territories to go on and sell
theirs. I do not think the territorial government
should be permitted to sell; and I think we ought
to rebuke it in the first instance that comes before
us. Therefore, for one, I am for making the
grant in conformity with the territorial acts to
the State, and leave the persons who have pur-
chased under the State law to apply to the sense
of justice of the State to confirm the act of the
territorial government. If it be true that there
are valuable improvements on any section, as
supposed by the Senator from Missouri, it will
be a good claim upon the justice of the State for
confirmation. But I am unwilling to sanction
this principle that territorial governments can go
on and sell lands that have been reserved, the
title of which is in the United States, and which
they could not dispose of until they procured a
subsequent grant from the United States Govern-
ment. I think it is unnecessary and improper to
give any such sanction to that territorial sale;
but if the House of Representatives choose, they
can make such an amendment to the bill the Sen-
ate has passed as will reach the point, if they
desire to reach it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know but that,
from my want of acquaintance with the particular
details of the public lands and matters connected
with them, [ may be somewhat mistaken on this
subject; but it seems to me, on the reading of the
bill, to be a very clear affair. There is reserved
in the case of Kansas, as in ,all the other Terri-
tories, certain lands for school purposes; and
when we conic to make a grant to the States, we
always grant those lands to the States. It is
done precisely in the same manner m this bill,
and in the same words, in which it has been done
in other bills, and in all other cases, 1 believe,in
which, when the State is admitted, the grant is
made to the State of that which was reserved be-
fore, when the Territory was formed. That same
thing precisely is done here, and in the very same
words in which it has been done in all the other
new States. Butforgreatercaution,itis insisted
now that this provision^hould be inserted on ac-
count of the Territory having taken some of these
school lands, and sold them. I do not know how
the fact is. I am clear that they had no power
to do it. The Senator says some counsel have
advised them that they had the right. I do not
know who they arc. In the first place, I do not
know the fact; and in the second place, I do not
believe anything about the power. But if the
Territory had the power to dispose ofthose lands—
if that was the legal effect of it—1 refer the gen-
tleman to the last proviso in this present bill:
Provided, hoicever, That in eas«e any of the Jands hercm
granted to th«> tftato of Kansas have heretofore fteen eon-
lit m .-(I to Uh' Ten jton* of Kan-n-- foi the purposes spt'eilieil
m this oct, the amount so confirmed shall he deducted
from the quantity t-pecificd m thia act.
Now, it seems to me, that this is the clearest
case imaginable. If the Territory of Kansas has
used any of the lands granted for schools, and
disposed of them, they are to be expressly de-
ducted from the grant made in this Dill. That
seems to me to be all there is of it. I have no
more to say.
Mr. GREEN. That is just exactly what I
want. I want it confirmed; and that ends the
question. That is precisely what! desire. I was
aware of that provision; but I want it confirmed,
and end the question, so that they shall not take
double sections in any case, but justtake exactly
what is granted, and end the question forever.
Mr. COLLAMER. I consider that this does
say, if they take the sections they shall have no
more, but they shall be deducted.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, to insert in line fourteen, of the third
clause, after the word "schools, "the words which
have been read.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I believe there is<io amendment
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is none
pending.
Mr. PU&H. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the first amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, yesterday, was rejected. I cannot vote
for the amendment in its original shape; but I am
not satisfied with these boundaries. So far as that
neutral tract is concerned, I am apprehensive that
if we allow that to be included within the limits
of the State, we shall have to pay the Indiansfor
it. It will be the old case of the Cherokees and
the State of Georgia over again. It will be im-
possible for us, by any power of this Govern-
ment, to keep the people there from settling upon
that land; and backed by the power of the State
government, they will succeed in making us pay
the Indians for the land, and they will have tneir
title perfected either under the preemption law or
some other. It is a very valuable tract of land,
granted to the Indians by treaty, with treaty stip-
ulations that it shall never be included within the
limits of a Territory or State. Now, it may be,
under the very peculiar language of this bill 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I \vill ask the Senator from
Ohio if he is certain this is oho of the tracts that
came with those treaty stipulations? My im-
pression was, this was not one of them.
Mr. PUGH. It is the neutral tract. I think
there is no question about that.
Mr. GREEN. I am certain of it.
Mr. PUGH. It was so stated two years ago,
tuid stated during this debate. I think I have
read the treaty stipulations.
Mr. GREEN. It is the Dry Woods tract.
Mr. PUGH. I have heard it called the neutral
tract, and this is what I understand it was.
Mr. GREEN. There is no doubt about it.
Mr. PUGH. It may be that wo do not impair
the obligation of the treaty by the peculiar lan-
guage of this bill; and I must say that it is
borrowed from a former bill; and therefore, in
speaking of that language, I must censure myself
somewhat for having formerly voted for a similar
provision. But this thing of putting the tract in
the State, and then putting it out in the same pro-
vision, seems to me hardly the form of legislation
which a grave body like this ought to adopt. It
is put within the geographical limits of the State
and it is excludccl from its jurisdiction within the
same words. But we shall assuredly have a con-
troversy with the State of Kansas about that
tract; and, as I said, our former experience ad-
monishes us what the result will be. The squat-
ters will get the land; they will drive the Indians
off, and we shall have to pay for it That is what
I expect. Now, I think that ought to be left out.
Wo ought to make.our treaty faith whole.
As to the upper boundary, I was in favor', two
years ago, at the time of the Lecompton contro-
versy, and urged it upon Senators constantly, of
carrying the northern boundary of Kansas to the
Platte river. That is the natural boundary. It is
the proper boundary. Itwill be the source of con-
troversy hereafter when we come to form a State
north of Kansas. I understand that, at the time
the bill authorizing this convention to assemble at
Wyandotte was passed by the Legislature, there
was some provision made whereby the people of
that part of Nebraska, if they chose, might elect
