1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
478
did not intimate any such thing; and how the
Senator got the impression is a little surprising
to me; but I referred to the fact that, on a smaller
matter, Missouri was sent back, and on a greater
matter, Kansas is to be forced in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Missouri case was not
cited as an example for us to follow, I do not
know for what purpose it was brought to our at-
tention. I know Missouri was sent back for the
purpose of having a declaratory act passed, that
certain clauses of her constitution should never
be executed. I always thought it was wrong,
and I think so yet; and an example that I thought
was a bad one, one that should never have been
set, one that stands as an exception in the whole
history of the country , ought not to be cited by a
Senator from Missouri for us to follow in Kansas.
Certainly, it being an example which he repudi-
ates and thinks unjust, it ought not to be cited
upon us as worthy of being followed now.
But, sir, why the necessity of striking out that
provision, if it has no legal effect to the injury of
the Indians? He does not pretend it has; but he
says if we do not do that, we ought to strike out
the declaratory part of the act of admission in
which by law the Indian country is excepted.
Why strike that out? What harm does it do in?
He says it is not necessary there, for tlw treaty
protects the Indians. Suppose it is not necessary,
does it do harm merely because it is unnecessary?
Do we not often insert, in an act for the admis-
sion of a Slate, certain declaratory clauses of rights
which would exist if the declaration were not
rmute? Look into the act admitting California
into the Union. It was then contended that, inas-
much as the constitution of California did not
make any recognition of the right of the United
States to the lands within its limits, an uncondi-
tional admission would operate as a surrender of
all the lands within that State to the State itself.
We argued against it. I made a speech to argue
down the objection. Those of much higher au-
thority than I, made speeches—Mr. Websterand
Mr. Clay—to show that the objection was not
well taken; but yet,for greater caution, we added
an amendment to the act, declaring that the ad-
mission of the State of California should not be
construed as a relinquishment of the right of the
United States to the soil within the limits of Cali-
fornia. Then it was objected on this side of the
Chamber that the declaration was not binding on
the people of California, unless we sent it back to
them to agree to it. We said "no; that objec-
* tion is not well taken; the declaration itself was
not necessary; but to show our understanding, we
chose to make it; wo are not going to send the
constitution back for them to agree to it, because
wo have made the declaration." So it is in this
bill. I do not deem any clausc necessary in re-
spect to these Indian lands, for the, reason that
the treaty protects them; but the fact that it is put
in is no objection; it is merely declaiatory—show-
ing our understanding of the meaning of the treaty
—so that no niun hereafter, in court or before any
other tribunal, shall ever cite the act of admission
as evidence that the United States Congress under-
stood at the time that the State could take juris-
diction over these Indian lands.
I do not \#sh to prolong the debate. It seems
to me that the objection has been shown conclu-
sively to have no legal binding effect injurious to
the Indians. Nominally, they are inside of the
boundaries, but by treaty they are not. But here
let me say, that if this objection is valid, it was a
conclusive objection to organizing any Territory
west-of the Missouri river, either in Kansas or
Nebraska, for the stipulation that the Indians
should nevei be embraced within the limits of any
Territory or State extended to lands as high up
as the Nebraska river. When the Kansas-Ne-
braska act was passed, the Indians were dotted
all aroundthroughKansasand through Nebraska,
under stipulations; and if they were to be con-
strued technically, that we could not run a bound-
ary around them and exempt them from the State
or Territory, we could never have opened that
country to settlement at all. We encountered «ll
these difficulties when the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was passed, and we adopted this mode of except-
ing them out to answer the objection; and unless
we succeeded in avoiding the objection by that
act, we have violated these treaty stipulations
from the beginning. It is rather late 111 the day
for us to ascertain that, after we have thrown open
the country for settlement, after we have surveyed
and sold a large portion of the land, and when the
people are ready to become a State. It is ratfier
late in the day to find out that this objection is
conclusive. Inasmuch as no man pretends that
the treaty is not the paramount law of the land, it
is clear that no harm can come to the Indians by
this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish, in a very few
words, to call attention to the difference in the
cases. Nobody denies the right of Congress, in
organizing a Territory, to give an outside bound-
ary,and exceptoutof it certain tracts or districts,
because that depends alone upon the action of
Congress. But the point the Senator overlooks
is, that whilst we can do that in the organization
of a State Government, the State must also do it,
to make it binding or valid. Suppose we put in
a thousand different provisions m this bill con-
flicting with the constitution of Kansas, and still
admit her, are they binding on Kansas? Nobody
will contend it. Is this proviso binding on Kan-
sas? Nobody pretends it. How can it be made
binding on Kansas? By the assent of Kansas,
either by her delegates in convention assembled,
or by the people on a direct vote; and to under-
take to say that we will make it binding of our-
selves, is to force on an unwilling people a pro-
viso that they have never assented to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the Senator undertake
to say that the treaty, which the Constitution of
the United States says is the supreme law of the
land, is not binding on Kansas?
Mr. GREEN. I undertake to say that they
have made their constitution notwithstanding the
treaty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But is it not subordinate to
the treaty ?
Mr. GREEN. I do not say it is. By no
means.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Constitution of the
United Stat"S says it is.
Mr. GREEN. * It does not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States declares that this Constitution, and all
laws and treaties made in pursuance of it, shall
be the supreme law of the land, anything in the
constitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. GREEN. I need not be reminded of what
the Constitution says, for I read it when I was a
school-boy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the reason you have
not since. [Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. I have quoted it often on the
Senator since, to lus heart's content. [Laughter.]
If the Constitution makes the treaty the supreme
law of the land, it proves to us the absurdity of
our present action. We are undertaking to do
whet the Constitution says is null and void. Sup-
pose we were undertaking to pass a personal lib-
erty bill to set free every negro that crosses the
line: would the Senator say " the Supreme Court
will decide that that cannot be done, and there-
fore we will vote for it, it being simply null and
void ?" Would not the public hold us up to scorn
and indignation if we were to go upon the prin-
ciple that " we will do what we know is null and
void; we will sanction what we know is uncon-
stitutional?" Is that to be the mode of procedure
in the Senate of the United States ? Here isa sol-
emn treaty made, which I am glad the Senator
has reminded me is the supreme law of the land..
Here a body of men, living 011 our territory, in-
clude a portion of that land in their jurisdiction,
without exception or qualification. Wo propose
to admit them with those same boundaries which
they have marked out for themselves. Now, if
it is the supreme law af the land, and it makes
their constitution null and void to that extent,
why is this proviso put in ?
Provided, That nothing contained in the said constitu-
tion respecting the boundary of said State.shall beeoustiued
to impair the rights of person or properly no*v pertaining to
the Indians in said Territory, so Ions as such lights shall
remain unextinguished by treaty between the United States
ami such Indian-, or to include any teiritory which, by
tienty with such Indian tribe, is not. without the consent
of said tribe, to be included within the territorial limits or
jurisdiction of any State or Teiritory.
Now, this either means something or nothing.
If it means nothing, we are acting very foolishly.
If it means something, the people of Kansas ought
to assent to it. I should like to know, does it
mean anything or docs it mean nothing r I shall
go for striking this proviso out, or.I shall go for
resubmitting the constitution to the people of
Kansas on the terms upon which we consent to
it, and that is, not to include the Indian tijbes.
Now, I ask, are they included in the present bound-
aries of Kansas ? They either are or they are not.
If they ave, it is in violation of the fundamental
law. If they are not, then I ask this question:
suppose we extinguish the title, and purchase -the
lands from the Indians: will their boundary be
extended by that purchase: Will the mere fact
that we make a treaty with Indians, extend the
boundary of Kansas ? Everybody knows it can-
not. If itdoes not, then these neutral lands never
can be in Kansas without the consent of Congress,
even if we extinguish the Indian title. The pres-
ent boundary either excludes it or does not ex-
clude it; if it does include it, it violates the fun-
damental law; and if it does not include it, our
extinguishment of the title will not make it in-
clude it.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to waste any
time on this bill. I am pressing these as real
and substantial objections; and I am doing it for
a good purpose, and not to fleiay the passage of
the bill. 1 know there is strength enough here
to pass the bill at any moment you choose. I,
however, must discharge my duty in pressing
these prominent, palpable objections, which must
strike every man the moment he turns his atten-
tion to them; and which, in my opinion, but for
political considerations, would secure the unani-
mous consent of the Senate. But for these con-
siderations, I do not believe there would be one
dissenting voice to my amendments. And is it
possible, in these trying times; in these times
when so much ought to be done for conciliation;
in these times, when the hearts of patriots are
beginning to fail them, lest catastrophes may
overtake the country and plunge us in ruin, that
the Senate will rush with such hot haste, and
almost forbid the freedom of debate, for the pur-
pose of voting down proper amendments, pro-
posed on a measure where n little delay cannot
possibly injure anything, but where hot haste
and inconsiderate action may plunge us into diffi-
culties with the Indian tribes, and occasion other
difficulties? There is something in honor; there
is something 111 plighted faith; there is something
in a solemn pledge given to a weak people, a
people whom we should foster and protect and
cherish, for they are advancing with rapid strides
towards greatness as an infant appendage to the
United States. 1 trust, sir, that we shall pause
and reflect and act in conformity with the prin-
ciples of justice and equity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Will the Senate reconsider its vote of yester-
day rejecting an amendment proposed to this
bill?"
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken, I desire to
say that I have paired off with the senior Senator
from California [Mr.-Gwrn] until half past three
o'clock; and if the Secretary does not get through
calling the roll by that time, I may record my vote.
[The calling of the roll commenced at twenty-
five minutes past three o'clock.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Cling-
man, Fitch, Gieen, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mason,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pugii, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
and Wiglail—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam-
eron, Chandlei, ('lark, Collamcr, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo-
little, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harlan, King, Latham, Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten l'.ycK, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—29.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
adjourn; and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright,Cling-
man, Fitch, Green Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Lane. Mason. Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, Thomson, and Wigfail—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Biogbam, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Ctark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo-
littlc, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
l.atli.iin, Morrill. Pngh, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, leu
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—M.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
