1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
them. And more than this: they placed in the
platform for my acceptance, and as a law to them-
selves and to me, the ciear«nd emphatic resolu-
tion which i now read;
" Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the right of each Slate to
order and control its own domestic institutions according to
its own judgment exclusively, is essential to the balance
of power on which the perfection and endurance of our
political fabric depend; and we denounce the 1axvle«s in-
vasion by armed force of the sod of any State-or Terntory,
no matter under what pretext, as aiuong the gravest of
•crimes"
I now reiterate these sentiments', and in doing;
so, t only press upon the publicattention the most
conclusive evidence of which the case is suscep-
tible, that the pioperty, peace, and security of no
section are to be anywise endangered by the now
incoming Administration. I add, too, that all the
protection which, consistently with the Constitu-
tion and the laws, can be given, will be cheerfully
given to all the States when lawfully demanded,
for whatever cause—as cheerfully to one section
as to another.
There is much controversy about the delivering
up of fugitives from service or labor. The clause
I now read is as plainly written in the Constitu-
tion as any other of its provisions:
II No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
feuch Horvico or labor, but shall be delivered up on cl?wm of
the paity to whom uuch j ei vice or labor may be due/'
It is scarcely questioned that this provision was
intended by those who made it for the reclaiming
o<f what we call fugitive slaves; and the intention
o«f the lawgiver is the law. All members of Con-
gress swear their support to the whole Constitu-
tion •, to this provision as well as any other. To
the proposition, then, that slaves whose eases
•come within the terms of this clausc ii shall be
delivered up," their oaths are unanimous. Now,
if they would make the effort in good temper,
could they not, with nearly equal unanimity, frame
and pass a law by means of winch to keep good
that unanimous oath r There is some difference
of opinion whether this clause should be enforced
by national or by State authority; but surely that
difference is not a very material one. If the slave
is to be surrendered, it can bo of but little conse-
quence to him, or to others, by which authority
it is done. And should any one, in any case, be
content that his oath shall go unkepton a merely
unsubstantial controversy as to how it shall be
kept? Again: many law upon this subject,ought
not nil the safeguards of liberty known in civil-
ized and humane jurisprudence to be introduced,
tiO that a free man be not, in any case, surren-
dered as a slave? And might it not be well, ut the
same time, to provide bylaw for the enforcement
of that clause in the Constitution which guaran-
ties that " the citizens of each State shall be enti-
tled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States?"
I take the official oath to-day with no mental
reservations, and with no purpose to construe the
Constitution or laws by any hypercritical rules.
And while I do not choose now to specify par-
ticular acts of Congress as proper to be enforced,
I do suggest that it will be much safer for all,
t*oth in official and private stations, to conform
to, and abide by, all those acts which stand un-
repealed, than to violate any of them, trusting to
find impunity in having them held to be uncon-
stitutional.
it is seventy-two years since the first inaugu-
ration of a President under our national Consti-
tution. During that period, fifteen different and
greatly distinguished citizens, have, in succes-
tsion, admimsteied the executive branch of the
Government, They have conducted it through
many perils; and, generally, with great success.
Yet, with all this scope for precedent, I now enter
upon the same task for the brief constitutional
term of four years, under great and peculiar
difficulty. A disruption of the Federal Union,
heretofore only menaced, is now formidably at-
tempted.
I hold that, in contemplation of universal law,
and of the Constitution, the Union of these States
is perpetual. Perpetuity is implied, if not ex-
pressed, in the fundamental law of ail national :
Governments. It is safe to assert that no Gov-
ernment proper ever had a provision m its organic
law for its own termination. Continue to execute
all the express provisions of our national Con-
stitution, and the Union will endure forever—it
being impossible to destroy it, except by some
action not provided for in the instrument itself.
Again: if the United States be not a Govern-
ment proper, but an association of States in the
nature of contract merely, can it, as a contract,
be peaceably unmade by less than all the parties
who made it? One party to a contract may vio-
late it—break it, so to speak; but does it not re-
quire'all to lawfully rescind it?
Descending from these general principles, we
find the proposition that, in legal contemplation,
the Union is perpetual, confirmed by the history
of the Union itself. The Union is much older
than the Constitution. It was formed, in fact, by
the Articles of Association, m 1774. It was ma-
tured and continued by the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, in 177G. It was further matured, and
the faith of all the then thirteen States expressly
plighted and engaged that it should be perpetual,
by the Articles of Confederation, in 1778. And,
finally, in 1787, one of the declared objects for
ordaining and establishing the Constitution was
" to form a more perfect Union." But if destruction
of the Union, by one, or by a part only, of the
States, be lawfully possible, the Union is less per-
fect than before; the Constitution having lost the
vital element of perpetuity.
It follows from these views that no State, upon
its own mere motion, can lawfully get out of the
Union; that resolves and ordinances to that effect
are legally void; and that acts of violence, within
any State or States, against the authority of the
United States, are insurrectionary or revolution-
ary, according to circumstances.
1 therefore consider that, in view of the Con-
stitution and the laws, the Union is unbroken;
and, to the extent of my ability, I shall take care,
as the Constitution itself expressly enjoins upon
me, that the laws of the Union be faithfully ex-
ecuted in all the States. Doing this I deem to be
only a simple duty on my part; and I shall per-
form it, so far as practicable, unless my rightful
masters, the American people, shall withhold the
requisite means, or, in some authoritative man-
ner, direct the contiary. 1 trust this will not be
regarded as a menace, but only as the declared
purpose of the Union that it will constitutionally
defend and maintain itself.
In doing this there needs to be no bloodshed
or violence; and there shall be none unless it be
forced upon the national authority. The power
confided to me will be used to hold, occupy, and
possess the pioperty and places belonging to the
Government, and to collect the duties and imposts;
but beyond what may be necessary for these ob-
jects, there will be no invasion, no using of force
against or among the people anywhere. Where
hostility to the United States, in any interior lo-
cality, shall be so great and so universal as to pre-
vent competent resident citizens from holding the
Federal offices, there will be no attempt to force
obnoxious strangers among the people for that
object. While the strict legal right may exist m
the Government to enforce the exercise of these
offices, the attempt to do so would be so irritating
and so nearly impracticable withal, I deem it bet-
ter to forego, for the time, the uses of such offices.
The mails, unless repelled, will continue to be
furnished in all parts of the Union. So far as pos-
sible, the people everywhere shall have that sense
ofperfect security which is most favorable to calm
thought and reflection. The course here indi-
cated will be followed, unless current events and
experience shall show a modification or change to
be piopcr, and, in cvciy case and exigency, my
best discretion will be exercised, according to cir-
cumstances actually existing, and with a view and
a hope of a peaceful solution of the national trou-
bles, and the restoration of fraternal sympathies
and affections.
That there are persons in one section oranother
who seek to destroy the Union at all events, and
are glad of any pfetext to do jt, I will neither af-
firm nor deny; but, if there be such, I need ad-
dress no word to them. To those, however, who
11 really love the Union, may I not speak?
i; Before entering upon so grave a matter as the
j i destruction of our national fabric, with all its ben-
!! efits, its memories, and its hopes, would it not be
j! wise to ascertain precisely why we do ii> Will
| you hazard so desperate a step while there is any
ll possibility that any portion of the ills you ffy
from have no real existence? Will you,while the
certain ills you fly to are greater than all the real
ones you fly from ? Will you risk the commis-
sion of so fearful a mistake? All profess to be
content in the Union, if all constitutional rights
can be maintained. Is it true, then, thatany right,
plainly written in the Constitution, has been de-
nied ? 1 think not. Happily the human mind is
so constituted that no party can reach to the au-
dacity of doing this. Think, if you can, of a sin-
gle instance, in which a plainly-written provision
of the Constitution has ever been denied ?
If, by the mere force of numbers, a majority
should deprive a minority of any clearly-wiitten
constitutional right, it might, in a moral point of
view, justify revolution—certainly would, if such
right were a vital one. But such is not our case.
All the vital rights of minorities and of individuals
are so plainly assured to them, by affirmation and
negotiation, guarantees and provisions, in the Con-
stitution, that controversies never arise concerning
them. But no organic law can ever be framed
with a provision specifically applicable to every
question which may occur in practical adminis-
tration. No foresight can anticipate, nor any doc-
ument of reasonable length contain, express pro-
visions for all possible questions. Shall fugitives
from labor be surrendered by national or by State
authority ? The Constitution docs not expressly
say. May Congress prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories? The Constitution does not expressly
say. Must Congress protect slavery in the Ter-
ritories? The Constitution does not expressly
say.
From questions of this class spring all our con-
troversies, as we divide upon them into majorities
and minorities. If the minority will not acqui-
esce, the majority must, or theGovernmentmust
cease. There is no other alternative; for contin-
uing the Government is acquiescence on one side
or the other. If a minority, in such case, will
secede rather than acquiesce, they make a prece-
dent which, in turn, will divide and ruin them;
for a minority of their own will secede from them
whenever a majority refuses to be controlled by
such minority. For instance: why may not any
portion of a new confederacy, a year or two hence,
arbitrarily secede again, precisely as portions of
the present Union now claim to secede from it?
All who cherish disunion sentiments are now
being educated to the exact temper of doing this.
Is there such a perfect identity of interests among
the States to compose a new Union as to produce
harmony only, and prevent renewed secession?
Plainly, the central idea of secession is the essence
of anarchy. A majority held in restraint by con-
stitutional checks and limitations, and always
changing easily with deliberate changes of pop-
ular opinions and sentiments, is the only true
sovereign of a free people. Whoever rejects it,
does, of necessity, fly to anarchy or to despotism.
Unanimity is impossible; the rule of a minority,
as a permanent arrangement, is wholly inadmis-
sible; so that, rejecting the majority principle,
anarchy or despotism, in some form, is all thatis
left.
I do not forget the position assumed by some,
that constitutional questions are to be decided by
the Supreme Court; nor do I deny that such de-
cisions must be binding in any case, upon the
parties to a suit, as to the object of th8t suit,
while they are also entitled to very high respect and
consideration in all parallel eases by all other de-
partments of the Government. And while it is
obviously possible that such decision may be er-
i roneous in any given case, still the evil effect fol-
| lowing it being limited to that particular case,
with the chance that it may he overruled, and
nevpr become a precedent for other cases, can
better be borne than could the evils of a different
practice. At the same time, the candid citizen
must confess thatif the policy of the Government
upon vital questions effecting the whole people is
to be irrevocably fixed by the decisions of the
Supreme Court, the instant they are made in or-
dinary litigation between parties in personal ac-
tions, the people will have ceased to be their own
rulers, having, to that extent, practically resigned
their Government into the hands of that eminent
tribunal.
Nor is there in this view any assault upon the
court or the judges. It is a duty from which
they may not shrink, to decide cases properly
brought before them, and it is no fault of theirs if
