474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-4~
January 19,
Mr. GREEN. I now call up the amendment
that lies on the Secretary's desk, which was
printed.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was,
to add at the end of the bill the following:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That before this act shall take
effect, the people of Kansas shall, by vote at such times
and places aa the Legislature by law shall order, assent to
the provisions of this act, or until a convention of delegates
shall thus assent, which delegates may be elected by the
qualified electors as the Territorial Legislature directs, in-
cluding, however, the whole of the territory embraced in
the limits herein prescribed as the boundaries of the State
of Kansas.
Mr. GREEN. A very few words of explana-
tion; I do not intend to repeat what I have said.
This is to carry out in an effective form the views
1 have previously advanced, that this bill does
make a changc; that the people of Kansas ought
to assent to it in some legal form; and if they do
not, it will not be binding upon thorn; and I do not
care whether it is a direct vote of the people orof
delegates selected by them for that purpose. They
may choose their own manner; they may select
their own mode, and I shall be content; but put-
ting in here a qualification to which they have
never assented, I think makes it imperative on us
to resubmit the question to them, out of abundant
caution, to prevent any collision between the
Federal and State authorities. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 32; as follows: r
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, IJragg, Bright, Clingman,
Pitch, Green Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
of ArK.msaw, Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Ma-
eon. Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and
Wijjf;i!l—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Cinilc, (Jollnmer, Crittenden, l)i\on>
Doolilfle. Douglas, Dmlcec, Fess'enden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Hailan, King, Latham, Morrill, Pugh, Rice,
Sewaid, Simmon*., Sumuei, Ten Eyek, Tiumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREEN. I have one more amendment,
which I ask the Secretary to read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment:
licit further enacted, That all that pait of the Territory of
the United States included within the following limit*, viz:
Commencing on the thirty-seventh parallel of noith latitude
where the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west from
Washington ciosses the same; thence noith on said men-
diau to the forty-second paiallel of north latitude ; thence
along said parallel west to the thirty-thud meridian of longi-
tude west from Washington; thence south on said meri-
dian to Green river; thence down the center ot the nuun
channel of Green river to the northern boundary line of
New Mexico; thence along said boundary line ofNcw Mex-
ico to the point of intersection of its easterly part with the
thirty-seventh parallel; thence easterly on said parallel to
the place "t beginning, be, and the same is hereby, erected
into a temporary government by the name of the' Tcrntory
of Jefferson : Provided, That nothing in this act contained
fch.Ul be constiued to impair the rights ot" persons or prop-
erty now pertaining to the Indians in said Territory, so
long an such lights shall remain unextinguished by tieaty
between the United States and Mich Indians, or to include
any tciritory which, by tieaty with any Indian tribe, is not,
without the consent of said tube, to be included with in the
temtonal lunits or jurisdiction ot any State or Territory;
but ail such tcrntory shall he excepted out of the bounda-
ries and constitute no part of the Territory of Jelferson,
until said tribe shall sigmly their assent to the President of
the United States to be included within said Tcrntory, or
to affect tfie authority of the Government of the United
States to make any jegulatioim ie<.peeting such Indiana,
their lands, property, or other rights by treaty, law, or other-
wise, which it would have been competent for the Govern-
ment to make if this act had never passed: Provided fur-
ther., That nothing m this act contained shall be constiued
to inhibit the Government of the United States from divid-
ing said Terutoiy into two or more Territories, in such
manner and at such times as Congicss shall deem conveni-
ent and proper, or from attaching any portion thereof to
any other Territory or State: And provided further, That
when admitted as a State, the said Tenitor'y, oi any por-
tion ol the same, shall be received into the Union with or
without slavery, as their constitution may piescribc at the
time of their admission.
Mr. PUGrH. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will not require all that long proposition to
be read. We understand it sufficiently. It is to
create a territorial government for Pike's Peak.
I should bo willing to vote for it separately, in
all human probability; but I do not see any rea-
son why we should add an entirely new subject
to this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I wish it read.
Mr. PUG1I. 1 move to dispense with its fur-
ther reading.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for its reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendment is called for. It must bo read
through, unless dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the executive
power and authority in and over said Territoiy of Jeffer-
son shall be vested in a Governor, who shall bold his office
for four years, and until his successor shall be appointed
and qualified, unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The Governor shall reside within said Ter-
ritory, shall be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof,
shall perform the duties and receive the emoluments of
superintendent of Indian affairs, and shall approve ail laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly before they shall take
effect; hef may grant pardons lor offenses against the laws
of said Territory, and reprieves for offenses against the
laws of the United States, until the decision of the Presi-
dent can be made known thereon; he shall commission all
officers who shall be appointed to office under the laws of
said territory, and shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be a
secretary of said Tciritory, who shall leside therein, and
hold his office for four years, unless sooner removed by the
President of the United States; he shall record and preserve
all the laws and proceedings of tiie Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings of
the Governor, in his executive department; he shall trans-
mit one copy of the laws, and one copy of the executive
proceedings, on or before the 1st day of December in cach
y^ar, to the President of the United States, and, at the same
tune, two copies of the laws to the Speaker of the House
of Representatives and the President of the Senate, for the
use of Congress. And m case of the death, removal, or
resignation, or other necessary absence of the Governor
from the Territory, tire secretary shall have, and lie is
hereby authorized and required to execute and perform, all
the powers and duties of the Governor during such vacancy
or necessary absence, or until another Governor shall be
duly appointed to fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the legislative
power and authority of said Territoiy shall be vested in the
Governor and Legislative Assembly. The Legislative As-
sembly bhall consist of a Council and liousc of Represent-
atives. The Council sh.ill consist of nine membeis, which
maybe increased to thnteen, having the qualifications ot
voter* as hereinafter presenbed, whose term of service shall
continue two years. The House of Representatives shall
consist of thirteen membeM, which maybe increased to
twenty-six. possessing the same qualifications as presenbed
for members of the Council, and whose term of service
shall continue one year. An apportionmentshall be made,
as nearly equal a** practicable, among the several eonnties
or districts for the election of the Council and House of
Keptesematires, giving to each section of the Territoiy
repi equitation in the ratio of its population, (Indians ex
cepted,) as nearly as may be; and the members of the
Council and of the House of Kept escntatives shall reside
m, and be inhabitants of, the distiicts foi which they may
he elected, respectively. Previous to the lirst election, the
Governoi shall cause acensus or enumeration of the inhab-
itants of the several counties and districts ot the Territoiy
to be taken ; and the first election shall be held at such tune
and places, rail be conducted in such manner, as the Gov-
ernor shall appoint and diiect; and he shall, at the same
time, declare the number of the members of the Council
and House of Representatives to which each ofthe counties
or districts shall be entitled under this act.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let the Sec-
retary suspend the reading for a moment. I do
not intend to throw any obstacles in the way ofthe
amendment, for I intend to vote for it; but I do
not think it is worth while to consume time by
reading it now; and I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment:
The number of persons authorized to be elected having
the highest number of votei in each of said council districts
lor members of the council shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be duly elected to the council; and the petson or
poisons authorized to be elected having the gieate-t num-
ber of votes foi the House of Representatives, equal to the
number to which each county or district shall be entitled,
shall be declared by the Governor to be elected members of
the llous<  of Representatives: Provided, That in case of a
tie between two or more persons voted for, the Governor
shall order a new election to supply the vacancy made by
such tie. And the persons thus elected to the Legislative
Assembly shall meet at such place and on such day as the
Governor shall appoint; hut theieafter,the tune, place,and
manner ofiiolding and conducting all elections by the peo-
ple, and the apportioning the i cpieseutation in the several
counties or districts to the Council and House of Represent-
atives, according to the population, shall be prescribed by
law, a* well as the day ot the commencement of the reg-
ular sessions ofthe Legislative Assembly: Provided, That
no one session shall exceed the term of forty days, except
the first, which may be extended to sixty days, but no
longer.
Mr. WADE. I move that the further reading
be dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The further
reading may be dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POLK. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the reading will proceed.
The Secretary continued, and concluded the
reading of the amendment, as follows:
Sec. o. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That eveiy free white
male citizen of the United States above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall have been a resident of said Territory
at the time of the passage of this act, including those
recognized as citizens by the treaty with the Republic of
Mexico, concluded February % 1848. and the tieaty ne-
gotiated with the same countiy on the 30th day of De-
cember, 1853. shall be entitled to vote at the first election,
and shall be'eligible to any office within the said Teni-
tory; but the qualifications of voters and of holding office
at all subsequent elections shall be such as shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the legislative
power of the Territory shall extend to all rightful subjects
of legislation consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions ot this act; but no law shall be
passed interfering with the primary disposal of the soil;
no tax shall be imposed upon the property of the United
States; nor shall the lauds or other property of non-resi-
dents be taxed higher than the lands or other property of
residents; nor shall any law be passed impairing the rights
of private property; noi shall any discumiuation be made
in taxing different kinds of property; but all taxation shall
be m proportion to the value ofthe property taxed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all township,
district, and county ofticcrs,not herein otherwise provided
for, shalUbe appointed or elected, as the case may be, m
such manner as shall be provided by the Governor and
Legislative Assembly of the Territory. The Governor shall
nominate and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Legislative Council, appoint all officers not herein other-
wise provided for; and?m the first instance, the Governor
alone may appoint all said officer*, who shall hold their
offices until the end 6f the fust session of the Legislative
Assembly, and shall lay off the necessary districts for mem-
bers of the Council and House of Iiepiesentatives, and all
other officers.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That no member of
the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be appointed to any
office which shall have been created, or the salary or emol-
uments of which shall have been increased, while be was
a member, during the term for which he was elected, and
for one year after the expiration of such teim ; and no per-
son holding a commission or appointment undei the United
States, except postmasters, shall be a member of the Legis-
lative Assembly, or shall hold any office undei the govern-
ment ot said Tori itory.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it fuiiher enacted, That the judicial power
of said Territory shall ho vested in a supieme court, district
courts, probate courts, and in justice of the pcacc. The
supreme court shall consist oi a chief justice anil two asso-
ciate justices. any two of whom shall constitute a quorum,
and who shall hold a term at the seat of government of said
Territoiy annually, and they shall hold their offices during
the period of loui jeais. The said Tciritory shall be di-
vided into three judicial disti lets, and a distnet courtshall
he held in each of said districts by one of the justice-., of
the supreme couit, at such time and place as may be pre-
senbed by law; and the said judges shall, aftei their ap-
pointments, respectively leside in the distiicts which shall
be. aligned them. The jurisdiction of the seveial cotuts
lieiem piovided tor, both appellate and original, and that
ofthe piobate court* and nt the justice* ot the peace, shall
ho as limited by law: Piovided, That justices ofthe peace
and piobate eouits shall not have jurisdiction of any mat-
ter in contiovrr-y when the title or boundaries of hind may
be in dispute, or where the debt or sum claimed shall ex-
ceed $100; and the &aid supieme and district courts, re- *
specuveiy, shall possess chancery as well as common law
junsdietion, and authoiityfor lediess of all wionqs com-
mitted against the Constitution or laws ofthe United Slates,
orof the Territory, affecting persons or property. Each dis-
trict court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint its cleik, who
shall also be the register in chancery, and shall keep his
office at the place wheie the comt may be held. Witts of
error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be allowed iu
all cases from the final decisions of said district courts to
the supreme court, under such lcgulations as may be pre-
scribed by law; but in no case lemoved to the supreme
court shall trial by jury bo allowed in said court. The su-
pieme court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its own
clerk; and eveiy clerk shall hold his office at the pleasure
of the couit for which he shall lnivc been appointed. Writs
of enorand appeals fiom the final decisions of said supreme
court shall be allowed; and may be taken to the Supieme
Couit ofthe United States, in the came manner and under
the same regulations an from the circuit c<®rts ol the Uni-
ted States, where the value ofthe property, or the amount
in contioversj', to he ascertained by the oathot afliimation
of either party, or other competent witness, shall exceed
.•$1,000; except only that, in all cases involving title to
slaves, the said writs of erroi or appeals shall be' allowed
and decided by the said supieme court, without rcgatd to
the value of the matter, property, or title in controversy;
and except, also. that a writ of erior or appeal shall also be
allowed to the Supreme Court of the United States from the
decision of the said supreme court created by this act, or
ot any judge thoicof, or of the distiiet courts cicated by this
aet, or of any judge thereof, upon any wnt of habeas corpus
involving the question of personal freedom; and eacli of
the said district courts sliall have and exeicise the same
jurisdiction m all cases arising under the Constitution and
laws of the United States as is vested in the circuit and
district courts ot the United States; and the said supreme
and distiict courts of the said Territory, and the respective
judges thereof, shall and may grant writs of habeas corpus
in all cases in which the same are grantable by the judges
of the United States ill the District of Columbia; and the
first six days of every term of said courts, or so much thereof
a* shall be necessary, shall he appropriated to the tnal of
causes arising under the said constitution and laws; and
writs of error and appeals in all such cabos shall be made
to the supreme court of said Terutoiy the same as in other
cases*. The said clerk shall receive, in all such cases, the
same fees which the clerks of the di^tuct couits ot Oregon
Territory now icceive forsimilai services.
Sec. in. Jlnd be it further cnailed, That thcie shall be
appointed an attorney for said Territoiy, who shall con-
tinue in office for four years, unless sooner lemoved by the
