1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143/5
others seek to turn their decisions to political pur-
poses. One section of our country believes sla-
very is right, and ought to be extended; while the
other believes it is wrong, and ought not to be
extended. This is the only substantial dispute.
The fugitive slave clause of the Constitution and
the law for the suppression of the foreign slave
trade are each as well enforced, perhaps, as any
law can be in a community where the moral sense
of the people imperfectly supports the lav/ itself.
The great body of the people abide by the dry
legal obligation in other cases, and a few break
over in each. This, I think, cannot be perfectly
cured; and it would be worse in both cases after
the separation of the sections than before. The
foreign slave trade, now imperfectly suppressed,
would be ultimately revived without restriction,
in one section; while fugitive slaves, now only
partially surrendered, would not be surrendered
at all by the other.
Physically speaking, we cannot separate. "VVe
cannot remove our respective claims from each
other, nor build mi impassable wall between them.
A husband and wife may be divorced, and go
out of the presence and beyond the reach of each
other; but the different parts of our country can-
not do this. They cannot but remain face to face,
and intercourse, either amicable or hostile, must
continue between them. .Is it possible, then, to
make that intercourse more satisfactory, after sep-
aration than before 7 Can aliens make treaties
easier than friends can make laws? Can treaties
be more faithfully enforced between aliens than '
laws can among friends ? Suppose you go to war:
you cannot fight always; and when, after much
loss on both sides, and no gain on either, you
cease fighting, the identical old questions, as to
terms of intercourse, are again upon you.
This country, with its institutions, belongs to
the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall
grow weary of the existing Government, they can
exeicise their constitutional right of amending it,
or their revolutionary right to dismember or over-
throw it.
I cannot be ignorant of the fact that many wor-
thy and patriotic citizens are desirous of having
the national Constitution amended. While I make
no recommendation of amendments, I fully recog-
nize the rightful authority of the people over the
whole subject, to be exercised in either of the
modes prescribed in the instrument itself; and
1 should, under existing circumstances, favor,
rather than oppose, a fair opportunity being af-
forded the people toact upon it.
I will venture to add, that to me the convention
mode seems preferable, m that it allows amend-
ments to originate with the people themselves,
instead of only permitting them to take or reject
propositions originated by others, not especially
chosen for the purpose, and which might not be
precisely such as they would wish to either accept
or approve. I understand a proposed amendment
to the Constitution, which amendment, however,
I have not seen, has passed Congress, to theelTect
that the Federal Government shall never interfere
with the domestic institutions of the States, in-
cluding that of persons held to service.
To avoid misconstruction of what 1 have said,
I depart from my purpose not to speak of partic-
ular amendments, so far as to say that, holding
such a provision to now be implied constitutional
law, I have no objection to its being made express
and irrevocable. The Chief Magistrate derives all
his authority from the people; and they have con-
ferred none upon him to fix terms for the separa-
tion of the States. The people themselves can do
this,also, if they choose; but the Executive, as
such, has nothing to do with it. His duty is to
administer the present Government, as it came to
his hands, and to transmit it,unimpaired by him,
to his successor. Why should there not be a pa-
tient confidence in the ultimate justice of the peo-
ple? Is there any better or equal hope in the
world? In our present difficulties, iseitherparty
without faith of being in the right? If the Al-
mighty Ruler of nations, with His eternal truth
and justice, be on your side of the North, or on
yours of the South, that truth and that justice will
surely prevail, by the judgment of this great tri-
bunal—the American people.
By the frame of the Government under which
we live, this same people have wisely given their
public servants but little power to do mischief;
and have, with equal wisdom, provided for the re- :
turn of that little to their own hands at very short,
intervals. While the people retain their virtue and
vigilance, no Administration, by any extreme of
wickedness or folly, can very seriously injure the
Government in the short space of four years.
My countrymen, one and all, think calmly and
well upon this whole subject. Nothing valuable
can be lost by taking time. If there be an object
to hurry any of you* in hot haste, to a step which
you will never take deliberately, that object will
be frustrated by taking time; but no good object
can be frustrated by it. Such of you as are now
dissatisfied still have the old Constitution unim-
paired; and, on the sensitive point, the laws of
your own framing under it; while the new Ad-
ministration will have no immediate power, if it
would, to change ejther. If it were admitted that
you, who are dissatisfied, hold the rightside in dis-
pute, there still is no single good reason for precipi-
tate action. Intelligence,patriotism, Christianity,
and a firm reliance on Him who has never yet
forsaken this favored land, are still competent to
adjust, in the best way, all our present difficulty.
In your hands, my dissatisfied fellow-country-
men, and not in mine, is the momentous issue of
civil war. The Government will not assail you.
You can have no conflict without beingyourselves
the aggressors. You have no oath registered in
Heaven to destroy the Government, while I shall
have the most solemn one to "preserve, protect,
and defend " it.
1 am loth to close. We are not enemies, but
friends. We must not be enemies. Though pas-
sion may have strained, it must not break, our
bonds of affection. The mysticcords of memory,
stretching from every battle-field and patriot grave
to every living heart and hearthstone all over this
broad land, will yet swell the chorus of Union,
when again touched, as surely they will be, by
the better angels of their nature.
The oath of office was then administered to him
by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
The Senate returned to their Chamber; and on
motion of Mi. Bright, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March, 5, 3861.
Hon. R. T. M. Hunter and Hon. James M.
Mason, of Virginia, appeared in their seats.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
COMMUNICATION WITH THE PRESIDENT.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resolved, That a committee, to consist of two members,
be appointed to wait on the Prestdentof tlio United States,
and inform him that the Senate is assembled and ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased to irmke.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. HALE. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that will bt^ regarded as the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. Hale and Mr. Douglas were appointed
the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose there will be
no business for half an hour, until the committee
returns which has gone to wait on the President.
I move, therefore, that the Senate take a recess
for half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT took the chair at the
expiration of the half hour.
Mr. HALE. The committee appointed to wait
on the President and inform him that the Senate
is assembled, and ready to receive any communi-
cation he may be pleased to make, have attended
to that duty, and the President instructed us to
inform the Senate that he would forthwith com-
municate to the Senate in writing.
AVES ISLANDS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a resolution, and ask
for its present consideration:
Resolved, That of the twenty-five hundred copies of the
correspondence ldative to the Aves l&lands heretofore
ordered to be printed, five hundred be for the use of the
State Department.
It does not call for any additional number of
copies, but merely sets apart for the State Depart-
ment some copies already ordered.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PAPEKS WITHDRAWN.
On motion 'of Mr. NICHOLSON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
ot Hugh Baker and the petition of the children of Nathaniel
Smith.
SILAS CARLETON.
Mr. MASON. I desire to offer a resolution:
Revolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, such actual costs as shall be incurred, pur-
suant to law, by Silas Carleton and those associated with
him, in prosecutions or civil suits now pending m the courts
of Massachusetts against them, founded on their acts in
executing process of the Senate against a certain F. B.
Sanborn,'of said State.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over.
Mr. MASON. I do not ask for its present con-
sideration; but with the permission of the Sena-
tor, [Mr. Sumner. Certainly,] I will explain its
object; and I shall ask to call it up in the course
of a day or two. The Senate, during the first
session of the last Congress, issued a warrant di-
recting the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest a man
named Sanborn in Massachusetts, who had re-
fused to attend as a witness before a select com-
mittee of the Senate. The Sergeant deputed his
authority to a deputy marshal in Massachusetts,
and that deputy marshal executed the warrant of
the Senate upon Sanborn. The result of it was
that Sanborn was released from the custody of the
officer by the courts in Massachusetts upon a
habeas corpus, on the ground, as shown m the
opinion of the court, that in their judgment the
Seigeant-at-Arms could not depute the authority
that he had received from the Senate. The return
of the officer was referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, who made a report upon it—I thought a
satisfactoryreport—showing that the release had
not been legally made; but it was made. No fur-
ther attempts were taken on the part of the Sen-
ate, for reasons which it is not necessary to go
into, the principal one being that the select com-
mittee had very nearly finished its examination;
but suits were instituted by Sanborn against the
deputy marshal and those whom he took with him
to assist him, t© recover damages,and a criminal
prosecution also, under some statute of Massa-
chusetts, was instituted against him. The reso-
lution is to pay the actual costs of those suits as
they may be incurred.
Mr. SUMNER. I have nothing to say in re-
gard to the resolution at this moment. It can lie
over until to-morrow or some other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. John G. Nicolay, the Secretary of the
President of the United States, appeared below
the bar, and said:
Mr. President, I am directed by the President
of the United States to lay before the Senate sev-
eral communications in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tions appear to be of an executive character.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were opened,
and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 6, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following order:
Ordered, That the administrator of the estate of George
Fisher, deceased, have leave to withdraw the papers in
relation to that case.
I will state, as it does not come strictly within
the rule of the Senate, that these are papers in a
case where an act was passed and subsequently
repealed. The heirs believe they have a claim
which they can substantiate before the Court of
Claims, and they want to withdraw the papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so or-
dered, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, it was
Ordered, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
to the Senate the papers in the case of Charles VV. Welsh,
heretofore inferred to that eourt by order of the Senate, ana
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw the same wheu
so returned.
