1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY, I offera resolution,and ask
for its present consideration:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the act to " provide
for the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to author-
ize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on irnpoits. andfor
other purposes," be punted for the use of the,Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope there will be no ob-
jection. There is a great demand for these tariff
bills.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution that was pending at the late ses-
sion, authorizing the Vice President to fill a va-
cancy in the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution—a vacancy that ought to be filled at
once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is the impression of the Chair that
this being another Congress from that at which
that resolution was introduced, it requires a new
resolution,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I offer the resolution
in this form:
Resolved, That the Vice President appoint a member to
fill the vacancy in the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
institution, which did occur on the 3d day of March instant,
by the expiration of the term o( Hon. James A. Pearce.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to; and Mr. Pearce was re-
appointed.
SILAS CAIILJSTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TKe Chair will
remind the Senate that there is no business now
before the body, except the resolution offered by
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] yester-
day, to pay certain expenses incurred by Silas
Carleton and others.
Mv. MASON. I think we might as well have
that considered, unless there bp some objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
licsolrcii, That there ho paid, nut of the contingent fund
n! the Senate, nich actual co-its as shall be inclined, pur-
suant to law, l>v Silas C:ir|eton and tho--c associated with
hun, in piosecutions 01 civil Miit:  now pending in the courts
of Massachusetts asrainst them, founded on their acts in
executing jHoce^- of the Senate u .un.->t n ceitam F. B.
Sanborn, ol *.ud Sftite.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
passage of the resolution, if it be made simply a
resolution of inquiry, addressed to one of out com-
mittees—the Judiciary Committee, I would sug-
gest—directing them to inquire whether the costs
should be paid under the circumstances. I make
the suggestion, because the Senator is aware that
there is a controversy in Massachusetts in icgard
to that proceeding; and there is a suggestion that
the officers, on that occasion, did not proceed
according to law. I have no opinion to express
upon that; but it seems to me that, under the cir-
cumstances, it is a proper matter for inquiry by
our committee. I shall cheerfully assent to any-
thing that the committee may propose.
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to the refer-
ence of the resolution to the committee; but there
aie no committees appointed.
Mr. SUMNER. But 1 presume they will be
veiy soon—perhaps to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. The refinance of the resolution
to the committee will, of course, require the com-
mittee to report its opinion to the Senate upon thn
propiiofy of passing it. Tlierefoic, the Senatoi's
suggestion will be earned out by simply referring
the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, if the Senator
pleases.
Mr. MASON. L°t it lie on the table for the
present; and when the committee is appointed,
the Senator can make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will lie on the table for the present.
ADJOURNMENT TO HONDAY.
Mr. WILSON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we aio all a ax ious to
get home. If we stay here, let us transact the
business of the session, nnd wo may do a great
deal between now and Monday 1 do not see I
why we may not adjourn altogether by Monday.
I hope the Senate will adopt no sucli motion as
that.
Mr. POLK. I hope not, too. Some of us are
a long distance from home; and an adjournment,
leaving us about here doing nothing, is very irk-
some and unpleasant. I do not gee why we may
notgo on, andgetthrough the business; and when
we adjourn, adjourn to go home.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If we can go on regu-
larly, and do our business. I prefer it; but if gen-
tlemen on the other side, who have a better idea
of the business, tell us that it is not in a condition
to be acted upon, I should prefer a recess of two
or three days, to coming here and doing nothing.
Those gentlemen who are better acquainted with
the views of the President and his purposes than
I am, can, perhaps, express an opinion as to
whether there is any probability of our dispatch-
ing the business any sooner by sitting here from
day to day. If so, I have no objection to a recess
of two or three days.
Mr. WILSON. I made this motion at the re-
quest of some Senators who had a strong desire
to have two or three days' vacation; and I made
it, too, in full view of the fact that 1 have no sort
of idea that, by sitting here every day this week*-
we shall advance business a single moment. I do
not think we can get away next Monday. If we
could get away then, or any time during the next
week, I should be as glad to do it as anybody
else. I will withdraw this motion now, if Sena-
tors want to come and sit here during this week.
I do not know how it is, but I have an idea that
we shall hardly have an hour's work to do this
week, and we might as well adjourn to Monday;
and we shall have a great deal of business  per-
haps, to do by that time, which we can act on at
once. However, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion is
now pending.
Mr. BAYARD. I renew the motion that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. DIXON. Before that question is put, I
wish to be allowed to offer a resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly. I withdraw the
motton temporarily, but I shall renew it after-
wards.
TIIE INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Mr. DIXON. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, the us-ual number of copies of the inaugui.tl cuhhess of
the President of the United States.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to
printing the inaugural, as a matter of course; but
I must say, that J do not wish to be understood,
for one Senator, in assenting to the printing of it,
as indorsing its positions at all. If I understand
it aright, all that is direct in ij, I mean, at least,
that purpose which seems to stand out clearly and
directly, is one which I think must lead to war—
war against the confederate or seceding States;
and, as I think that policy will be very unwise
for the United States, I must say frankly to gen-
tlemen on the other side that I do not see, if we
adopt the principles of the inaugural, how that is
to he avoided.
The President declares expressly, in the inau-
gural, that he intends to treat those States as
though they were still members of the Union; as
though the acts of secession were mere nullities;
and, as they claim to be independent, theie can
be no result except a collision. In plain, unmis-
takable language, he declares that it is his pur-
pose to hold, occupy, and possess the forts and
arsenals in those States. "We all know that he
can hold them only by dispossessing the State
authorities. He says, further, that it is his pur-
pose to collect the revenue from those States.
Surely, I need not argue to any Senator that this
must lead to a collision of arms. After we declared
independence from Great Britain, nobody sup-
posed that the colonies were willing still to pay
taxes or duties to the British Government. In
point of fact, they refused to pay them even before
the declaration of independence. If that policy be
carried out, it is, therefore, unmistakably war. I
will notargue it; i merely throw in this protest. I
do not see how we are to escape a collision of arms
the moment the President attempts to carry out .
that policy. I have merely said this, in order
that, if I should assent to the printing of the mes-
sage, I may not be misunderstood.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I cannot as-
sent to the construction which the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has placed upon
the President's inaugural. I have read it care-
fully, with a view of ascertaining distinctly what
the policy of the Administration is to be. The
inaugural is characterized by ability, and by di-
rectness on certain points; but with such reserva-
tions and qualifications as require a critical anal-
ysis to arrive at its true construction on other
points. I have made such an analysis, and come
to the conclusion that it is a peace-offering rather
than a war message. Having examined it crit"
ically, I think T can demonstrate that there is no
foundation for the apprehension which has been
spread through the country, that this message ia
equivalent to a declaration of war; that it com-
mits the President of the United States to recap-
ture the forts in the seceded States, and to hold
them at all hazards; to collect the revenue under
all circumstances; and to execute the laws in all
the States, no matter what may be the circum-
stances that surround him. I do not understand
that to be the character of the message. On the
contrary, I understand it to contain a distinct
pledge that the policy of the Administration shall
be conducted with exclusive reference to a peace-
ful solution of our national difficulties. True, the
President indicates a certain line of policy which
he intends to pursue, so far as it may be consist-
ent with the peace of the country; but he assures
us that this policy will be modified and changod
whenever ncccssary to a peaceful solution of these
difficulties.
The address is not as explicit as I could desire
on certain points; on certain other points it is
explicit. The message is explicit and certain
upon the point that the President will not, directly
or indirectly, interfere with the institution of sla-
very within the States; is specific upon the point
that he will do everything in his power to give a
faithful execution to the Constitution and the laws
for the return of fugitive slaves; is explicit upon
the point that he will not oppose such amend-
ments to the Constitution as may be deemed ne-
cessary to settle the slavery question and restore
peace to the country. Then, it proceeds to indi-
cate a line of policy for his administration. He
declares that, in view of the Constitution and
laws, the Union remains unbroken. I do not sup-
pose any man can deny the proposition, that m
contemplation of law, the Union remains intact,
no matter what the fact may be. There may be
a separation de facto, temporary or permanent, as
the sequal may prove; but, in contemplation of
the Constitution and the laws, the Union does
remain unbroken. I think no one can deny the
correctness of the proposition, as a constitutional
principle. Let us go further and see what there
is in the address that is supposed to pledge the
President to a coercive policy. He says:
" I shall take care, as the Constitution itself expressly
enjoins upon me, that the laws of the Union be faithfully
executed in all the States.
This declaration is relied upon as conclusive
evidence that coercion is to be used in the seced-
ing States; but take the next sentence:
" Doing this I deem to be only a simple duty on my pait.
I shall perfoun it, so far as is practicable, unless'*—
Unless what ? Let us see what the condition is
on the happening of which he will not enforce the
laws—
"unless my rightful masters, the American people, shall
withhold the requisite means, or in some other authoiitn-
tive manner direct the contiary."
This condition, on which he will not enforce
the laws in the seceding States, is not as explicit
as I could desire. When he alludes to his " right-
ful masters, the American people," I suppose he
means the action of Congress m withholding the
requisite means, duery: does he wish to beunder-
stood as saying thattheexistmglciwsconferupon
him " the requisite means:" or, docs he mean
to say that, inasmuch as the existing laws do net
confer the requisite means, he cannot execute the
laws in the seceding States unless those means
shall be conferred by Congress? The language
employed would seem to imply that the President
was referring to the future action of Congress as
necessary to give him the requisite means to en-
force obedience to the laws in the seccdmsr States.
