1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14ST
Doubtless, the President was not uninformed of
the fact that his friends in the House of Repre-
sentatives had prepared a force bill, conferring
these requisite means to coerce obedience in the
seceding States, and that that bill was defeated in
the House. He must be aware, historically, that
in 1832, General Jackson deemed additional legis-
lation necessary to enforce the revenue laws at
Charleston, and that a force bill was then passed,
which expired by its own limitation in a short
time, I think two years, and is not now in force.
Does Mr. Lincoln consider that he has any more
power to coerce the collection of the revenue in
Charleston harbor without further legislation than
General Jackson had in 1832? When he pledges
himself to collect the revenue and to enforce the
laws in those States, unless Congress withholds
the requisite means to enable him to do so, is he
not to be understood that whether he does enforce
them or not depends upon the future action of
Congress? I think that is the proper construction
of his language.
In a subsequent paragraph, he says:
"The power confided to me wii! be used to hold, oc-
cupy, and possess the property and places belonging to the
Government, and to collect the duties and imposts."
What power? Does he mean that which has
been confided, or that which may be confided?
Does he mean that he will exercise the power un-
less Congress directs the contrary, or that he will
exercise it when Congress confers it ? I regret
that this clause is understood by some persons as
meaning that the President will use the whole mil-
itary force of the country to recapture the forts,
and other places, which have been seized without
the assent of Congress. If such was his meaning,
he was unfortunate in the selection of words to
express the idea. He does not say that he will
recapture or retake, hold and occupy, the forts
and uther places. Nor does he say that he will
recommend to Congress to furnish him men and
money for such a purpose; but "the power con-
fided to me will be used to hold, occupy, and pos-
sess the property and places belonging to the
Government." To say the least of it, this is
equivocal language. I am not going to condemn
him for it; my present object is not to censure,
but to ascertain thetrue meaning of the inaugural,
in order to learn whether the Administration is
committed to an aggressive policy, which must
inevitably involve us in civil war, or to a peaceful
solution of our national troubles. He says fur-
ther:
" But beyond what may be necessary for these objects,
there will be no invasion, no using of force against or among
the people anywhere."
He will use the power confided to him to hold,
occupy, and possess the forts and other property,
and to collect the revenue; but beyond these ob-
jects he will not use that power. I am unable to
understand the propriety of the distinction be-
tween enforcing the revenue laws and all other
laws. If it is his duty to enforce the revenue laws,
why is it not his duty to enforce the other laws of
the land ? What right has he to say that he will
enforce those laws that enable him to laise rev-
enue, to levy and collect taxes from the people,
and that he will not enforce the laws which pro-
tect the rights of persons and property to the ex-
tent that the Constitution confers the power in
those States? I reject the distinction; it cannot
be justified in law or in morals. If taxes are to
be collected, and the revenue laws are to be en-
forced, the laws that afford protection, as a com-
pensation for the taxes, must also be enforced.
The next paragraph is also objectionable. I
will read it:
'• Where hostility of the United States in any interior lo-
cality shall he so great and universal as to prevent compe-
tent lesuient citizens fiom holding the Federal offices, there
will be no attempt to force obnoxious strangers among the
people for tliat object. While the strict legal right may exist
in the Governmentto enfoice the exeicise of these offices,
tiie aunYspi to do so would be so irritating. and so nearly
iiupi.iciienble withal. I deem it better to forego, for the
time, the uses of such offices."
I rejoice to know that he will not attempt to
force obnoxious strangers to hold office in the
interior places where public sentiment is hostile;
but why draw the distinction between "interior
localities" and exterior places? Why the distinc-
tion between the States m the interior and those
unon tli" sea-board ? If he has the power in the
oiie ease, he has it m the other; if it be his duty
in the one case, it is bis duty in the other. There
is no provision of the Constitution or the laws
which authorizes a distinction between the places
upon the sea-board and the places in the interior.
This brings me to the consideration of another
clause in the message which I deem the mostim-
Fortant of all, and the key to his entire policy.
rejoiced when 1 read this declaration, and I wish
to invite the attention of the Senate to it espe-
cially, as showing conclusively that Mr. Lincoln
stands pledged to that policy which will lead to a
peaceful solution, and against every poiicy that
leads to the contrary. I will read the paragraph:
"The course here indicated will be followed, unless cur-
rent events and experience shall show a modification or
change to be proper, and in every case and exigency my
best discretion will be exercised according to the circum-
stances actually existing, and with a view and hope of a
peaceful solution of the national troubles and the restora-
tion of fraternal sympathies and affections."
After indicating the line of policy which he
would pursue, if consistent with the peace of the
country, he tells us emphatically that that course
will be followed, unless modifications and changes
should be necessary to a peaceful solution of the
national troubles; and if m any case or exigency
a change of policy should be necessary, it will be
made " with a view and hope of a peaceful solu-
tion." In other words, if the collection of the
revenue leads to a peaceful solution, it is to be col-
lected; if the abandonment of that policy is neces-
sary to a peaceful solution, the revenue is not to be
collected; ifthe recapture of Fort Moultrie would
tend to a peaceful solution, he stands pledged
to recapture it; if the recapture would tend to
violence and war, he is pledged not to recapture
it; if the enforcement of the laws in the seceding
States would tend to facilitate a peaceful solution,
he is pledged to their enforcement; if the omis-
sion to enforce those laws would best facilitate
peace, he is pledged to omit to enforce them; if
maintaining possession of Fort Sumter would
facilitate peace, he stands pledged to retain its
possession; if, on the contrary, the abandonment
of Fort Sumter and the withdrawal of the troops
would facilitate a peaceful solution, ho is pledged
to abandon the fort and withdraw the troops.
Sir, this is the only construction that I can put
upon this clause. If this be not the true interpre-
tation, for what purpose was it inserted? The
line of policy that he had indicated was stated
vaguely; but there is not a pledge to use coercion;
there is not a pledge to retain a fort; there is not
a pledge to recapture an arsenal; there is not a
pledge to collect revenue; there is not a pledge to
enforce the laws, unless there is attached to each
the condition; and the condition is that he will do
it only when that course tends to a peaceful solu-
tion of the national troubles, and that he will not
do it in any case where it does not tend to a
peaceful solution.
I submit, then, to the Senate, whether the friends
of peace have not much to rejoice at in the inau-
gural address of the President. It is a much more
conservative document than I had anticipated. It is
a much more pacific and conciliatory paper than I
had expected. I would not venture the expression
of an opinion upon it on hearing it delivered, until
1 had carefully examined and analyzed it. After
examination, I am clearly of the opinion that the
Administration stands pledged by the inaugural
to a peaceful solution of all our difficulties, to do
no act that leads to war, and to change its policy
just so often and whenever a change is necessary
to preserve the peace.
So much, sir, for the policy of the Administra-
tion. Now, a few, words upon the President's
views of the causes of the present difficulties, and
the remedies for those difficulties. In a manner
peculiar to himself and to his usual course of ar-
gument, he proceeds to show, first what did not
produce the trouble. Let us see what did not do it:
" All profess to be content in the Union, if all constitu-
tional rights can be maintained. Is it true, then, that any
right, plainly written in the Constitution, has been denied?
J tllink not. Happily the human mind is so constituted that
no party can reach to the audacity of doing this. Think,
if you can, of a single instance m which a plainly-written
provision of the Constitution has ever been denied. If, by
the meie force ol numbeis. a majority should deprive a mi-
nority of any cleaily-wiitten constitutional right, it might,
m a moral point of view, justify revolution; certainly
would, if'suen right weie a vital one. Hut such is not our
case.*'
Here we arc told that these difficulties have not
grown out of the violation of any express provis-
ion of the Constitution'; the-y have not arisen from
the denial of any right guarantied by an express
provision. He then proceeds to show what is the
cause of the trouble. Here it is:
" But no organic law can ever be framed with a provis-
ion specifically applicable to every question wiiich may
occur in practical administration. No foresight can*anti-
cipate, nor any document of reasonable length contain ex-
press provisions for, all possible questtons. Shall fugitives
from labor be surrendered by national or by State, authority ?
The Constitution does not expressly say. Slay Congress
prohibit slavery m the Territories? The Constitution does
not expressly say. Must Congress protect slavery in the
Territoiies ? The Constiiution does not expressly say. From
questions of this class spring all our constitutional contro-
versies, and we divide upon tiiem Into majorities and minor-
ities."
" From questions of this class spring" all our
troubles. What class? The attempt of Congress
to exercise power on the slavery question where
there is no "express" provision of the Constitu-
tion conferring the power; the attempt on the one
side to prohibit slavery, and the attempt on the
other side to protect it, where there is no " ex-
press" provision authorizing either—these are the
causes of our present troubles, according to the
statement of the President. The causes are?to be
traccd to the absence of any constitutional pro-
vision defining the extent of the power of Congress
over this subject. If the President has stated the
causes of our difficulties fairly and truly; if they
all arise from the absence of a constitutional pro-
vision on the subject of slavery in the Territories,
what is the remedy? The remedy must be to
adopt an amendment that will make an express
constitutional provision on the subject. The ab-
sence of such a provision being the cause, the sup-
plying of such a provision must be the remedy.
Hence the President has demonstrated, with great
clearness and force, the absolute necessity of such
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States as will define and settle the question whether
or not Congress has the power to prohibit slavery;
whether or not it has the power to protect slavery;
whether or not it has the power to legislate on the
subject at all. He gives us to understand that
there will never be peace until that question is set-
tled; it cannot be settled except by amendments
to the Constitution; and hence he proceeds to tell
us how such amendments can be obtained. He
tells us that these amendments to the Constitution
may be obtained in either of the modes prescribed
in the instrument; the one is where Congress takes
the initiative, as we did the other day, and sub-
mits the proposed amendments to the States; the
other is where the States take the initiative, and
demand a national convention to amend the Con-
stitution.
The President says that he prefers a national
convention as the most appropriate mode, but he
has no insuperable objections to the other mode,
and he will not oppose, but gives us to under-
stand he will favor, the ratification by the States
of the amendment already proposed prohibiting
any future amendment whereby Congress may be
authorized to interfere with slavery in the States.
He assigns for his preference for a national con-
vention a very plausible, in fact a very satisfac-
tory, reason. It is that if Congress originated the
amendments, it might not devise sucli as the peo-
ple would like; whereas if you allow the people to
take the initiative, they will make such amend-
ments as they want. The President stands pledged
by his inaugural " to allow the people to devise
their own amendments to the Constitution, and
not to interfere with, but rather to favor their
adoption, whatever they may be."
What is the inference from all this? Inasmuch
as all our troubles arise from the attempt on the
part of Congress to prohibit slavery without the
sanction of an express provision of the Constitu-
tion, and the counter attempt on the part of Con-
gress to protect slavery without an express pro-
visionof the Constitution authorizing it, therefore
such an amendment must be made as will settle
the slavery question by an express provision; and
he will not oppose the amendment. Hence we
are authorized to infer that if the people do ori-
ginate such amendments to the Constitution as will
settle the slavery question—even if the settlement
be repugnant to the principles of the Republican
parly, in violation of the Chicago platform, and
against the right of Congress to prohibit slavoiy
in the Territories, Mr. Lincoln and his adminis-
tration will not oppose, but favor it.
