1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Louis, on the 12th instant, and I beg leave to pre-
sent them to the House. The meeting was called,
mespective of party, to take into consideration
the unfortunate condition of the country, it was
composed of the very best men of the city, and
the series of resolutionspassedare able,eminently
conservative, and in every way worthy of such
a people. They heartily approve of the princi-
ples of adjustment proposed by Mr.Crittenden.
That the other positions taken by this meeting
may be better understood, \ will read the follow-
ing extracts from the resolutions:
u That the possession of blavc property is a constitutional
right, and, as sueh5 oughtto be cvericcogmzed by the Fed-
eial Government. Tnat, it' the Federal Government shall
fail and refuse to secure this right, the southern States
should he found united 111 its defenbe—in which event Mis-
souri wiJl share the common duties and common danger of
the South.
" That the discord prevailing for foity years between the
people of the northern and southern States, touching tiie
i elciLion of the Federal Government to slavery, affords suf-
fleu*nt reason for all sections of the Union to requneaclear
and final settlement of all matters in dispute, by amend-
ments to the Constitution, so that the slavery question may
never again dibtuib the public peace or impair the national
haimony.
" That, holding these views, we are not prepared to aban-
don the Union, with all its blessings, while any hope of ad-
justment remains. Until then, we will maintain our place
in the Union, and contend for. and demand our equal and
constitutional rights, and wilt not be content with Zess.
That, in the opinion of this meeting, the employment
of the military loiees ol the Government to enforce sub-
mission from the citizens of the seceding States, will in-
evitably plunge the country 111 civil war, and will immi-
nently endanger, if it do not entirely extinguish, all hopes
of a settlement of the fearful issues now pending before the
country. We therefore earnestly entreat, as well the Fed-
eral Government a^ the seceding States, to withhold and
stay the ann of military power, and on no pretext what-
ever to bring on the nation the honors o( civil war, until
the people themselves can take such action as our troubles
demand."
The proceedings were laid on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the proceedings of a meeting of the citi-
zens of Fairmont, Virginia, in favor of settling
the present difficulties of the country upon the
basis of the Crittenden propositions; winch were
laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN .asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce resolutions adopted by
conventions of the people in various counties of
Indiana, held without distinction of party, in
favor of the propositions submitted to the Senate
by Senator Crittenden-, of Kentucky.
The resolutions were received by general con-
sent, and laid on the table.
PENNSYLVANIA JUDICIAL DISTIUCTS.
Mr. BABBITT offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole be dis-
charged from the further consideration of bill No. 33, enti-
tled " A bill to divide the State of Pennsylvania into three
judicial districts, and to establish a district court to he
holden in the city of Erie;" and that the same be made
the special order for Tliur-day next, and from day to day
thereafter until finally disposed of.
Mr. BABBITT. I desire simply to say, that
this is a bill of merely local importance, in which
my constituents are interested. It will occupy
but a few moments when it comes up. If there be
no opposition to it, I hope the resolution will be
adopted. ,
The resolution was received by unanimous
consent, and adopted.
NATHANIEL SMITH.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask leave of the House
to take from the Private Calendar bill No. 275,
far the relief of the children of Lieutenant Na-
thaniel Smith, deceased.
I will state to the House that the report of the
committee upon that claim was unanimous. Lieu-
tenant Smith was an old soldier of the war of
1812-14. He was in the battle of the Horse Shoe;
'and was borne from the field by General Hous-
ton, of Texas. He received a pension from the
Government, which ran for seveial years. He
subsequently removed to Texas, and his pension
was discontinued. The proof is abundant that
he died in Texas of his wounds. His children
now claim the amount of his pension from the
(imp it was discontiniu'd. It involvrsa very small
amount; and I hope there will be no objection to
taking up and passing the bill.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Lieutenant Nathaniel Smith, late of lennessee,
lieutenant in the battle of the Horse Shoe, upon
the pension roll, at the rate of $12 75 per month,
to commence on the 4th of March, 1822, and to
terminate on the 14th of July, 1834, the amount
to be paid to the surviving" children of said Lieu-
tenant Nathaniel Smith.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to take
up and act on a bill for the relief of a poor widow.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I object; and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the consideration of the amendments of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to House bill No. 899, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1862. If there be no objection,
the question will be taken on the amendments en
masse.
There was no objection, and the amendments
were concurred in.
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was uccoidingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. BURCH. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Millson in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is House bill No. 299, for payment of
expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities by the State of California.
Mr. BCJRCH. I ask that the original bill be
read which I introduced; also, that the Clerk read
the substitute reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs, and the report which accompa-
nies it.
The Clerk read the original bill, the substitute,
and the report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs in extenso.
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Chairman, there is a dis-
crepancy between the substitute and the original
bill, as introduced by myself. My bill appropri-
ated $500,000 for the payment of expenses in-
curred by the State of California in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities. My State paid out of
her treasury thirty to fifty dollars a month for the
men she engaged in her service in the suppression
of those hostilities. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs reduced that amount of §500,0U0 to
$400,000. Instead of allowing the amount paid
by the State of California to the soldiers in her
service, they only allowed the amount paid by
the Government to United States soldiers engaged
at the same time in similar services. The com-
mittee came to the conclusion that $400,030 would
cover all of these expenses. Believing that it is
the best I can get for my State in payment of the
expenses she incurred in the suppression of these
Indian hostilities, I am willing to accept the sub-
stitute of the Committee on Military Affairs. Of
course I would prefer the adoption of my own
bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the substitute
be open to amendment after the question is taken
on it f
The CHAIRMAN. It will not. It is now in
Older to move amendments to the original bill or
to the substitute.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move to add to the
substitute the following' proviso:
Prodded, That the acceptance of the indemnity hereby
provided shall operate as a tinal and Complete discharge and
satisfaction ot all claims oi matters hereinbefore referred to.
Mr. BURCH. I do not see the necessity-for
that amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If we pass.thia claim,
I want it to be a finality. Members know how
often claims have been continued, even after, they
have been paid once or twice. If this is all that
is due to Calfornia, let us say so in the bill.
Mr. BURCH. I do not object to the amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment   /
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. This is a claim of consider-
able importance, so far as the amount involved is
coftcerned; and coming as it does from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, perhaps I ought to
say a word in relation to it. It is a claim for re-
imbuisement to the State of California for,ex-
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities at sundry times during the years 1854,
1855, and 1856; it is a claim founded upon a prin-
ciple so often recognized and settled, that the
committee did not feel at liberty to rcjcct it, how-
ever much the amount might be. Similarclaims
for suppressing Indian hostilities have been paid
to Iowa, Missouri, and other States. This claim
has this guarantee of its integrity and honesty
which a good many other similar claims have not.
The State of California, sir, has paid-out of its
State treasury more than the amount that is pro-
posed to be appropriated in tlje substitute. It
may be assumed that the State of California would
not take upon herself the payment of unnecessary
expenses, or expenses that were unnecessarily
incurred.
But, sir, the Committee on Military Affairs
have not rested on the idea that the expenses
incurred by California are to fix the amount for
which this Government is responsible. That
committee two years ago investigated the claim
of Washington and Oregon for payment of ex-
penses incurred in suppressing Indian depreda-
.tions, and on that occasion they settled upon some
general principles, which they have adhered to
from that time to this. These principles are
mainly these; that this Government Shall pay no
more upon claims for expenses incurred in the
suppression of Indian hostilities than it paid for
the regular service of the Army of the United
States—that is, that volunteers shall receive no
higher pay—that transportation and supplies
should be paid for at no higher prices, than arc
paid to the regular Army of the United States, in
service at the same time, in the same locality.
The Third Auditor of the Treasury, a gentleman
whose integrity and industry have become known
to the House for his services in auditing claims
of this description, is authorized by this bill to
overhaul these claims of the State of Califohiia,
to investigate the evidence of service and of trans-
portation and supplies furnished, ai|d to satisfy
himself, before any payment is made, that they
are reasonable in amount,and that the servicesand
supplies have been fairly and honestly rendered.
The committee have provided in this bill what
has not been provided in any other, and that is,
that the Third Auditor shall not be required to
audit and pay any claim for the suppression of
Indian hostilities, which, in the opinion of the
Secretary of War, was not necessarily and prop-
erly incurred. The committee have acted upon
the idea that the executive department is the only
proper department of the Government to determ-
ine when the necessity arrives for hostilities to
suppress Indian depredations, and that Congress
is incompetent, from its very constitution, to in-
quire into the facts connected with the necessity
for any such hostilities. It is properly an execu-
tive duty devolving upon the Department having
in charge the Army of the United States. There-
fore the committee have provided that if, in the
opinion of the Secretary of War, any of these
expeditions were unnecessary, that there was no
exigency requiring*the service of any volunteers
for the protection of the settlers, then the Third
Auditor shall reject the claim for expenses in-
curred in such expeditions.. 1 see no reason why
this bill reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, as it is founded upon well recog-
nized principles, should not be passed. Hie Son-
