478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ate bill appropriates $500,000 for these claims in
the aggregate. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs believed that the expenses could properly be
reduced $100,000 by the investigation of the Third
Auditor, and they therefore have provided only
for the appropriation of $400,000.
Mr. BURCH. Does die gentleman understand
that this bill has passed the Senate ?
Mr. STANTON. I understand that it did pass
the Senate.
Mr. BURCH. It has not passed the Senate.
The bill was introduced by me, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is right, and
for his bill the Committee on Military Affairs
have reported this substitute.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I have rea-
son to believe that in our intercourse with the In-
dians we have Indian wars which arc gotten' up
unnecessarily—or worse, from motives of spec-
ulation, in order that large claims may be made
against the Government. I believe that the In-
dians are often causelessly aggravated into con-
flicts. I would inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs whether, in the
investigations of these claims, anything of that
kind has appeared to have been the case in Cal-
ifornia ?
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs did not make any inquiry into the cause
of these Indian hostilities. If you make that a
question in every bill which comes before the
House for reimbursement, I think it is likely one
half of the claims would be rejected; for, sir, I
believe tfiatm all our Indian wars, from the or-
ganization of the Government, Indian hostilities
have quite as frequently resulted from depreda-
tions of reckless white men as from any other
cause. However, Congress lias never regarded
that as sufficient reason for refusing reimburse-
ments for expenses incurred by a State or Terri-
tory for military expeditions, rendered necessary
for the protection of frontier settlements and the
safety of the lives of women and children, although
the alleged cause of the war may have been the
acts of reckless white men, with a view possibly
to speculation.
The committee have done the only thing which
they think is piacticable in this or in any other
State. Th^y have required the Secretary of War
—the proper Executive Department—to institute
that inquiry in every ease; and if, in his judg-
ment, these expeditions were unnecessary and
unauthorized, then the committee have directed
that no payment shall be made for such disburse-
ments. That is all the committee thought they
could do.
Mr. CURTIS. It seems to me that the impu-
tation which has been cast upon the frontier men
by my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaud,]
ought to be responded to. I have before heard
the same imputation cast upon them. The charge
is, that the people of the frontier are in the habit
of getting up Indian wars merely for purposes
of speculation. That has been charged to be the
case in regard to the Oregon and Washington
war, for which claims arc now before Congress.
And it seems to be conceded, by common con-
sent, that such a thing is possible. Reflect one
moment upon the circumstances on which such a
belief is founded. The frontiers are very exposed;
settlements and homes are isolated, and always
liable to incursions from the Indians. What pos-
sible pecuniary motive could induce the isolated
settlers to try to draw upon themselves the cruel-
ties of a savage warfare? The thing is so absurd
in theory that I should think rational men and
statesmen would at once see its improbability.
I have lived m the West most of my life, and
hove been m almost every frontier State of the
Union, and m the Indian territories westof every
State of the Union. 1 have been on the plains,
in the huts of the settlers, and partook of their
hospitalities, their firesides, and united m then-
protection and defense. I know their anxiety and
their fearful apprehension in regard to the Indian
warfare. From my own experience and obser-
vation, I can attest, and I h<*e protest, that none
of the settlei s, and none of the Udders among the
Indians, desire war. On the contrary, it is their
dssirc and their interest always to cultivate peace.
True, there are those on the frontiers—lawless and
wicked men—who do sometimes encroach upon
the rights of the Indians; stir up difficulties be-
tween themselves and the savages with whom
they associate; and then the Indians, incensed
at individual acts of wickedness, retaliate with
depredations upon the whites. Such was the case
in Nebraska, a year'ago last summer, when I
happened accidentally to be in that Territory; and
I.found twenty or thirty miles of settlement had
been laid waste by the Indians, and the whole
country in a panic, of fear and trepidation.
The settlements of the frontiers are scattered;
the settlers are not surrounded by their friends;
and when their homes are desolated, they have
no relief, and can receive no assistance from their
friends. Of all the people on the earth, the fron-
tier people are the last to seek and desire difficul-
ties with the Indians. When their homes are
destroyed, there is no neighbor's door open to
receive and shelter them; for their neighbors may
be very remote, and they are not prepared to
shelter the destitute. Indian wars ought not to
be charged to States or to communities. They
grow out of those accidents which will occur
among savages, and which you cannot avoid.
There are men everywhere, reckless of conse-
quences, who have no interest at stake, and who
would not hesitate to create troubles wi^h the In-
dians. They engage in any strife; and where it
occurs with Indians, they, of course, retaliate by
war upon the whites. These men prowl about
the frontiers and settlements, as they also live
among us. Such men stir up difficulties every-
where; but I beg Congress to cease to charge
these things upon communities and states, as if
speculation and profit would be the result of a
bloody war with the Indians, which would inure
so much to their pecuniary profit that they would
involve themselves in the sanguinary hazard.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. The gentleman from Iowa
lias had a much better opportunity to become
acquainted with these matters than 1 have, and I
ask him whether he docs not know that, within
the last year, there have been incursions and en-
croachments made by the settlers in Kansas wpon
the lands belonging to the various Indian tribes,
and, among others, those belonging to the Chero-
kee Indians; whether they weie not notified that
they would have to be removed, by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs; and whether they did
not remain there, m defiance of the notice from the
Government, until the Government was obliged,
by force, to remove them; and whether that re-
moval has not been made the pretext for the raids,
incursions, and depredations of Montgomery and
his gang of lawless men? i ask whether these
facts are not so ? It is so reported to us, and so
believed. Wo have this very morningfurnished
the gentleman from Texas, in the Army bill, with
a regiment of troops to repress Indian hostilities
upon the part of the Government. The settlors
were not. doing it; and I thought the appropria-
tion right, and I voted for it.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I will answer the
gentleman with great pleasure. I do know that
avaricennd cupidity havcinduced incursions into
Indian territory, as it sometimes does in neigh-
borhoods. 1 know this disposition of filibuster-
ing is one of the most fruitful causes of contro-
vcisies in regard to the rights of whites and In-
dians. I know that the Cherokee Indians have
been often obliged to expel those who have en-
croached upon their peaceful and well-defined ter-
ritory. I have beonaresidentupon their frontier;
and I know they are a very peaceable, worthy,
and quiet people. Of course, there will be intru-
sions in all countries. They exist between In-
dians and whites,as well as between whites them-
selves. I>ut that is not a question of speculation,
but a question of right between the whites and
Indians. The right of dominion is a very differ-
ent question, and often leads to difficulties be-
tween whites, as well as whites and Indians.
In reference to the Montgomery raid, 1 do not
understand that it has any reference to encroach-
ments made upon the Cherokee Indians. That
is a race of civilized Indians, settled and estab-
lished under their own laws and institutions; and
they exhibit a degree of forbearance and civiliza-
tion which many of us might very well profit by.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to answer
the question propounded by the gentleman from
Tennessee in reference to the settlements upon
the Indian territory of Kansas. I will not say
that the settlements of the whites upon the terri-
tory of the Indians in Kansas were legal, because I
think they were illegal; but they were made under
a misapprehension; and the difficulty of the Fed-
eral Government with the citizens of Kansas who
settled upon that territory grew out of that mis-
apprehension.
I hope this bill for the payment to California
of what has been paid by that State to repress
Indian hostilities will not be prejudiced by any
collateral matter drawn in in this way. This
is an honestdebt, which we owe to a sister State;
and it was incurred by that State in suppressing
Indian hostilities when they came down upon
the frontier settlers, and would have destroyed
them but for the efforts of the State. I feel an in-
terest in this matter, because I have experience,
to some extent, in pioneer life. I appreciate the
difficulties in settling Indian hostilities, having
had some such in my own State. As was well
said by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,]
I know it is believed, by men who have had no
experience of practical life upon the frontiers,
that the white citizens encroach upon the rights
of the Indians, and commit depredations upon
them. There is a belief of that sort; but the pio-
neer settlers in all countries with which I have
any acquaintance are the most honest, the bravest,
the most hospitable, the most generous, the most
peaceable, and the most law-abiding people it has
ever been my lot to be acquainted with.
California is filled with many of my own ac-
quaintances from the State of Missouri; and I ask
upon this occasion to vindicate their bravery, in-
tegrity, and honesty; and I say this claim should
be allowed- without hesitation.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to make one remark in
reference to the objection of the gentleman from
Tennessee, and I must say I am surprised that
such an objection should come from him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to disabuse the
gentleman from California. I did not interpose
any objection; I only made an inquiry.
Mr. BURCH. His inquiry was, whether these
wars were not got up for the purposes of specu-
lation. In this particular instance I know that
was not the case. These wars were instituted by
the Governor of our State, after repeated applica-
tions to the officers of the General Government,
to suppress these depredations. Our State author-
ities have had no disposition to entail unnecessary
expenses on our General Government; but have in-
variably acted on the defensive, and only to afford
necessary protection to our citizens. We are the
most remote of all our States save one. We are
constantly subjected to harasses and disturbances,
to which you of the older States are total strangers.
I hope, for your own sakes, you may ever remain
so. But, since I haveapersonalacquaintancc with
these hardships, and know the propriety of this
appropriation, I hope I shall be pardoned for this
trespass on your time, in urging the passage of
the bill. I was present when many of these ap-
plications were made, and was instrumental, as a
member of the Senate of our State, in the passage
of an appropriation bill, paying a portion of this
war debt out of our own treasury, and issuing
bonds for the rest of it.
I was moi e surprised that this objection should
have come from the gentleman from Tennessee
than I should have been had it come from any
other member of the House; because I believe that
this policy of paying feu* the suppression of Indian
hostilities by the States originated with a Senator
from his own State—-General Jackson; it was in-
augurated in 1828, and has been continued down
to the present time. At the last session of Con-
gress we appropriated §90,000 to the State of
Iowa for moneys expended by her in similar ex-
peditions. We have this morning voted over a
million dollars to Texas,r another"frontier State.
Why has the gentleman permitted all these mat-
ters to pass by without objection ? 1 presume he
must have some special information of the fact
that these wars have been got up by the people
of California for the purpose of speculation. As
was said by the gentleman from Iowa, I do not
j think we should have discharged our duty, if we
had remained quiet, and permitted these insinua-
tions to pass unnoticed. One of these wars oc-
curred in my own senatorial district; and I am
well acquainted with the character of the Indians
in thatcountry. We have two mountain ranges
of eight hundred miles in extent, which were filled
with hostile Indians. I believe that we have now
