14B8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 6,
What more can be asked? If the people, when
they come to amend the Constitution, shall de-
termine that Congress shall have no power upon
the subject of slavery anywhere, except to sur-
render fugitive slaves and to prohibit the African
slave trade, Mr. Lincoln will not oppose it. If
the people shall say that it shall be the duty of
Congress to protect slavery everywhere in the
Territories, Mr. Lincoln is pledged not to oppose
that. If the people shall say in their amendment
that Congress shall have the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories, Mr. Lincoln is pledged
not to oppose that, if, on the contrary, the people
shall say that they are in favor of the Crittenden
proposition—dividingthe territory by a geograph-
ical line, on the principle of an equitable partition
—Mr. Lincoln says he will not oppose that. He
is in favor of such amendments as will settle the
question forever, by an express provision of the
Constitution; and he leaves the people and their
representatives to devise what thoseamendments
shall be, and he will accept them cheerfully, and
not throw any obstructions in the way of their
adoption.
Taking those two propositions together, I find
much cause for hope, for encouragement, in this
inaugural. First, his policy will be peaceful and
not aggressive; he will do no act that tends to col-
lision, but will modify his courseahvays with the
view and the hope of a peaceful solution; and sec-
ond, inasmuch as the difficulties arise out of the
absence of an express provision on the slavery
question, he will favor such measures as will
enable the people to settle that question by an
express provision in the Constitution.
Now, sir,far be itfrom me to intimate that the
President,in these recommendations,has not been
faithful to the principles of his pauy,as well as
to the honor and safety of his country. What-
evei departure from party platforms he has made
in those recommendations should be regarded as
an evidence of patriotism, and not an act of infi-
delity. In my opinion, if I have understood the
inaugural aright, he has sunk the partisan in the
patriot, and he is entitled to the thanks of all con-
servative men to thatextent. I do not wish it to be
inferred, from anything I have said or have omitted
to say, that I have any political sympathy with
his administration, or that I expcct that any con-
tingency can happen in which I may be identified
with it. I expect to oppose his administration
with all my energy on those great principles which
have separated parties in former times; but on
this one question—that of preserving the Union
by a peaceful solution of'our present difficulties;
that of preventing any future difficulties by such
an amendment of the Constitution as will settle
the question by an express provision—if I under-
stand his true intent and meaning, I am with
him.
Mr. President, if the result shall prove that I
have put a wrong construction on the inaugural,
I shall deplore the consequences which a belliger-
ent and aggressive policy may indict upon our
beloved country, without being responsible in any
degree for thedisastersand calamities which may
follow. I believe i have placcd upon it its true in-
terpretation. I know I have put the patriotic con-
struction on it. I believe the action of the Presi-
dent will justify that construction. I will never
relinquish that belief and hope until he shall have
done such acts as render it impossible to preserve
the peace of the country and the unity of the
Slates. Sir, this Union cannot be praserved by
war. It cannot be cemented by blood. It can
only be preserved by peaceful means. And when
our present troubles shall have been settled,
future difficulties can only be prevented by con-
stitutional amendments which will put an end to
all controversy by express provision. These rem-
edies and preventives have been clearly marked
out by the President in his inaugural. All I
ask is that his administration shall adhere to them
and carry them out in good faith. Let this be
done, and all who join m the good work will
deserve, and they will receive, the applause and
approbation of a grateful country. No partisan
advantage can be taken, no political capital should
be made, out of a generous act of noble patriot- ;
ism. While I expect to oppose the Administra- j
tion upon all the political issues of the day, 1
trust 1 shall never hesitate to do justice to those •
who, by then devotion to the Constitution and the '
Union, show that they love their country more
than their party
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President I agree
with the honorable Senator from Illinois that
there are some points upon which this inaygural
is obscure; but they are upon the limitations and
conditions. Upon the main points there is no
obscurity at all. Allow me to call the attention
of that Senator to a few direct sentences:
1 therefore consider that, in view of the Constitution
and the laws, the Union is unbroken; and, to the extent of
my ability, 1 shall lake care, us the Constitution itself «x-
piessly enjoins upon mo, that the laws of the Union he
faithfully executed in all the States."
Can anything be more explicit than that ? How
does the President execute the laws of the Union
in Virginiaand Pennsylvania? By occupying the
forts that arc there, the arsenals and public prop-
erty, and collecting the duties. That is precisely
what he says he intends to do in all the States.
But the honorable Senator says that he may not
have the power to do that; and if the people do
not give htm the power he cannot do it; and there-
fore he draws his hope. Let us see how that
stands ? The President of the United States now
has the control of an Army, perhaps, of fifteen
thousand men. They are scattered far and wide
about the country; 6ut in a few weeks half of
them, perhaps more, can be concentrated. Will
he feel bound to use that Army, and the ships of
war at his hand to take possession of Fort Moul-
trie? Clearly the language implies it. Fort Moul-
trie has been taken possession of by those whom
he pronounces insurgents and revolutionists.
This is his language:
il It follows fiom these views that no State, upon its own
mere motion, can lawfully get out of the TJmon; that re-
solves and oidinances to that effect are legally void; and
that acts ot violence, within any State or States, against
the authority of the United States, are insurrectionary or
revolutionary, according to the circumstances."
Mr. Lincoln,upon his own showing, is pledged
to regard the taking possession of those forts by
State authority as <c insurrectionary or revolu-
tionary." To make the matter more specific,
however, if there could be any doubt about words
of such plain import, we have the following:
tk The power con tided to me will be used to hold, occupy,
and possess the pioperty and places belonging to the Gov-
ernment, und to collect the duties and imports."
Is it true that he says, as the Senatorsupposes,
that there will be no bloodshed or violence ? He
says:
" Ilut beyond what may be necessary for these objects,
there will be no invasion, no using of force against or among
the people auywheie."
What docs that mean ? It means that Mr. Lin-
coln will not use force upon obedient men. He
does not do it in the District of Columbia. I
presume he does not propose to do it, anywhere
throughout the Union. Those men who obey the
laws he will not make war against; but he intends
to compel everybody to obedience. The honor-
able Senator from Illinois knows very well that the
States which have seceded claim that they are free
from all obligation to pay taxes to this Govern-
ment, and that they have a right to occupy those
forts. Mr. Lincoln says he will compel them to
pay taxes to this Government, and that he has a
right to occupy the forts, and will do it to the ex-
tent of his ability; and if they submit, there will
be no bloodshed. Suppose I say that I intend to
occupy the house of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, contrary to all right, as he thinks, and I
declare to him 44 there will be no force or violence
if you submit and give up possession to me:"
everybody knows that my declaration, that I did
not desire violence, would not amount to anything
if I declared a puipose to do an unlawful act, or
an act that he regarded as unlawful. The States
that have seceded regard their right to the forts
within their limits as just as good as any man
regards the right to Ins own house. They do not
mean to be turned out of them except by force;
and hence, when the President says he intends to
execute the laws and take possession of the public
property, of course, if that be attempted, a col-
lision is inevitable.
I will not argue these points, for I take it for
granted that eveiy Senator can construe the lan-
guage as clearly as I can; but there is one remark,
toward the close of the Senator's speech, which I
shall notice. He says that Mr. Lincoln is willing,
if the people amend the Constitution, to acquiesce
in it; that if they think proper to make an amend-
ment recognizing the Crittenden proposition, Mr.
Lincoln will acquiesce in it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator misapprehends
me. I did not intend to say that, if they amended
it in any manner, Mr. Lincoln would acquiesce in
it, for 1 take it for granted that would be pre-
sumed; but that Mr. Lincoln is pledged not to op-
pose the amendment, or to use his administration
to defeat its being adopted by the people. He has
no objection to the people making such an amend-
ment as they choose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the only amount of
it is, that Mr. Lincoln has not declared that he
will interfere to prevent the people amending the
Constitution. That is all. Has any other Presi-
dent 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; but he has declared that
he would favor rather than oppose it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That he is favorable to
such amendments as the people desire, and that
is all. How long will it take to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States? I believe it required
several years to ingraft the amendments which
were made about the year 1800—I do not recollect
how many; but they ran through a period of sev-
eral years. Does any man suppose that amend-
ments of this kind would be likely to begotthrough
during Mr. Lincoln's term? in the mean time,
here is a pressing emergency upon us. Now,
what we desire to know is, what are Mr. Lin-
coln's own views of these amendments?
The Sena tor refers to one amendment, that which
was adopted by Congress, with reference to not
interfering with slavery in the States. That Mr.
Lincoln expresses his willingness to agree to; but
will that be satisfactory to the South ? On this
point, I will use the authority of the distinguished
Senator from Illinois, himself. He states it
strongly. I am reminded, that what I was about
to read has already been read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Read it again.
Mr.CLINGMAN. I was notaware thatithad
been read by another. I will only read a part of
it however. At the time the Senator made the
statement, it struck me with very great force, and
1 turned to a Senator sitting near me, and re*
marked that it was a very strong point, On the
3d of January, the Senator from Illinois said, re-
ferring to the Senator from New York and the
Republican party—I read this not as against the
Senator, but because I think it is forcible and
true 
Mr. DOUGLAS. You will find it good reading.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think so. The Senator
always speaks with force and effect. I acknowl-
edge that, when I do not agree with him;but when
[ do agree with him, which is usually the case, 1
am very happy to make use of his language. Re-
ferring to the Republican party, and particularly
to the Senator from New York, who had made a
movement of that kind in the Committee of thir-
teen, he said:
u You offer to amend the Constitution, by declaring that
no future amendments shall be made, which shall empower
Congress to interfere with slaveiy in the States?"
He argues that proposition at some length, to
show that the southern people are not anxious on
that point, but are on certain others; and he con-
cludes in this way:
If you had exhausted your ingenuity in devising a plan
for the express purpose of increasing the apprehensions and
inflaming the pas ions of the southern people, with the view
of driving them into revolution and disunion, none could
have been contrived better calculated to accomplish the
ohjcct than the offering of that one amendment to the, Con-
stitution, and lejccting all others which are infinitely more
impoitant to the safety and domestic tranquillity of the
slaveholihng States "
He says, in substance, to Mr. Lincoln: "You,
in coming out for that one amendment, and re-
jectingallothers,are increasing the apprehensions
and inflaming the passions of the southern peo-
ple, with a view of driving them into revolution
and disunion." If that be the effect of Mr.Lin-
coln's inaugural, is it a pacific paper?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear the Senator
with pleasure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would say now, as I did
then, that if Mr. Lincoln had come out for that
one amendment, and declared his unalterable hos-
tility to all others, it would have tended, and justly
tended, to inflame the passions of the southern
people; because it would have shown that he was
not willing to give them securities; but when he
