1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sufficiently subdued the hostile Indians in the
State, and I doubt very much if there wilt ever
again be any application from our' State for the
payment of ex|jenses of suppressing Indian wars.
1 believe the Indians have been thoroughly sub-
dued, so far as we are concerned. I do not know
hmv it may be in the neighboring Territories and
State, because "last winter there was an Indian
war going on in Washoe; but I believe that, so
far as our State is concerned, >.ve are entirely rid
of the hostile Indians who have been infesting
the country.
I hope there will be no further objection urged
to this bill. The substitute has been reported
unanimously, I believe, from the Committee on
Military Affairs. I have a letter from the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, written this winter, rec-
ommending the principle of settlement which has
been adopted by the committee. The Treasury
is thoroughly guarded by the substitute; and it
is impossible for us to get a dollar unless we have
expended it, or incurred it necessarily, in the
opinion of the Secretaiy of War. I hope there
will be 110 further objection to the bill.
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Chairman, I do not desire
to detain the committee more than a moment in
relation to this matter; and I would not say a word
but for the fact that I know something in relation
to this claim from my own observation. I11 185G
a portion -of this debt was incurred. At that time
I was a citizen of the State of California; and as
a member of the Legislature of that State, 1 voted
for and assisted in the passage of an appropria-
tion of the sum of $15,000 towaids carrying 011
this war of which it is now proposed to pay the
expenses. That $15,000 was put under the con-
trol of the officers prosecuting the war, and only
some six or seven thousand dollars of it was ex-
pended. I allude to that fact to show that there
was no unnecessary extravagance in the carrying
on of the war, and only what was necessary was
used at the time.
I know, also, that during that time the Gov-
ernor of the State of California applied to the
commander of the military division upon that
coast for assistance, and his answer was, that he
could not furnish troops for lhe suppression of
these hostilities. Hence it was absolutely ne-
cessary that a volunteer force should be called
into the field; and I trust that, in justice to those
people, the debt will be paid.
I will not attempt to reply to the suggestions
made by the gentleman from Tennessee in rela-
tion to these Indian wars being got up for pui poses
of speculation, and that such things are often done
by the frontier people. That has been properly
■responded to by the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from California if it is intended to pay interest 011
these disbursements?
Mr. BURCH. No, sir; the bill will not even
reimburse the State the amount she has abso-
lutely expended or incurred.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill is silent as to in-
terest.
Mr. BURCH. I will state to the gentleman
that the amount paid under this bill will not come
within $100,000 of the amount which the State
has absolutely paid out or incurred; but I was
willing to accept it as the best that we could ob-
tain from the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
We paid our common soldiers from thirty to fifty
dollars a month, our captains $100 a month, and
our other officers from $100 a month down to fifty
dollars. But,this bill reduces the pay of our officers
and soldiers to what is paid by the General Gov-
ernmentto the regular Army in California; so that
we lose, in that one thing, about one hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. Whenever States have been
paid the money they have expended m the prose-
cution of Indian wars, in which they have been
engaged, the policy of the Government has been
not to allow interest excepting where it has been
shown affirmatively that the State had itself paid
interest or used an interest-bearing fund I was
about to offei a proviso to bring this case within
that rule; but, as the gentleman from California
assures mo that the payment of interest is not
contemplated, I will not offer the amendment.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to amend the second
section of the substitute by striking out, in lines
five and twenty-six, the woids "and so forth,"
and in line forty, the words " or otherwise;" and
by inserting, in lines five and twenty-six, before
the word "personal," the word "and," and in
line thirty-nine, before the word "transportation,"
the word " and;" so that the section will vead:
Sec. 2. Jlnd bcitjarther enacted, That the Thiid Auditor
of the Treasury bo, and he hereby is. authorized and re-
quired to audit the accounts of the said State of California
ioi paj meats for the services of volunteers, and lor supplies,
transpoitation, and personal services, furnished or rendeicd
to said volunteers in the Shasta expedition of 1854, in the
Siskiyou expedition ot 1855, in the Klamath and Humboldt
expedition of 1855, in the San Bcinadino expedition of
1855, in theKiamath expedition of 1856, in the Modoc ex-
pedition of 1856, m the Tulare expedition of 1856, in the
Klamath and Humboldt expedition of 1858-59, and in the
Pitt river expedition of 1859: Provided, That no higher
rate shall be allowed or paid lor the servicoiof said volun-
teers than was paid for the services in the same grade and
for the same tune in the United States Army serving in
California; nor shall payment be made forthe services of
any wtich volunteers except for the time during which they
shall be shown by satisfactory evidence to have been en-
gaged in actual service in the field : Jlnd pto ruled further,
That no allowance shall be made for the services of any
person in more than one capacity for the same time. And
in auditing the said claims toj supplies, transposition, and
personal services, the same shall bo computed at puces
cotrespondmg, as near as can he ascertained, to the intes
paid for similar supplies, tians-portation, &c., furnished or
lendered to the United States Auny in the same country,
at the same time; and the Thiid Auditor, as to all principles
not expressly settled.by this act, shall he governed in au-
diting and settling &aid claims by the principles adopted in
his lepott upon the. claims of the Tenitories of Washing-
ton and Oregon, of the 7th of February 18(>0, in pur&uanco
of a resolution oi the House ot Representatives, passed the
8th of l'Ybruaiy, J 859 : Provided, That he be, and he hereby
is, autiionzed and duected, whenever in his opinion the
evidence m suppojt ot any claim for services, supplies, and
iraiHpoitation, i- not sufficient to establish such chum, or
where he mav have doubts as to the genuineness thoienf,
to k quire additional and satisfactory proof touching such
claim, or the value of the seivices tendered, oi supplies
furnished, before toporting «>uch claim lor settlement and
pa> ment as hctem direetcd: Jlnd provided further. That
no p.ij ment shall bo made foi the expenses of any expedi-
tion heiembefoie mentioned, if the Secictary of Wai shall
be ol opinion that there was not a necessity for calling out
said tioops,
1 think the words " so forth" in a statute are
altogether too loose.
Mr. BURCH. The effect of the gentleman's
amendment would be to make the rule of pay-
ment imposed upon the Third Auditor apply only
to transportation, supplies,and personal services.
Mr. SPINNER. Precisely so. What else
should there be ?
Mr. BURCH. We have hired horses and pur-
chased them; but I will not object.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have no objection to the
amendment. I do not think it changes the sub-
stance of the bill.
Mr. Spinner's amendment was agreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. BARR. I move to add the following to
the bill:
Jhid provided, Thntsnid State ofCahfnmia does notsecede
from the Union and set up a separate government.
Mr. BURCH. I must raise a point of order
upon that amendment. It is an imputation that
I have a disposition to go out of the Union,
whereas my State has, as yet, no cause for so
doing. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. it is very appropriate,as the
gentleman from California voted against the reso-
lution to sustain Major Anderson.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not see
that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. BARR. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr BUIICH. I move that the committee do
now rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mili-son reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, accoiding to order, had under consid-
eration the bill (H. R. No. 299) for the payment
of expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the State of California, and had in-
structed him to report the same to the House with
ail amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a thiid time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BURCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPROMISE PROPOSITION.
Mr. FLORENCE. "I ask the-onammous'coil-
sent of the House to have printed certain arnenef-
menis which I intend to propose to,the proposition
made by the committee of tbirty*tbrce. I dp it
with the view that gentlemen may have an oppor-
tunity of reading them. , . , . ' -
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The amendments are as follows:
Articie I. Persons held to service or labor for life-in any
State, under the laws thereof, may be taken into any ter-
ntory of the United States south oflatitude 36° 30', and the
right to such service or labor shall not bo impaired thereby,
And any Territorial Legislature shall have the exclusive
light to make all needful rules and regulations for the pro-
tection of such right, and of such persons, and for the main-
tenance and treatment of such persons and their descend-
ants, in their domestic relations. ButCongress or anyTer-
litoiial Legislature shall not have the power to impair or
abolish such right of service in the said Territory, nor In
any other place within the jurisdiction of the United States,
without the consent of ail the States which maintain such
service.
Akt. II. When any Territory of the United States shall
have a population equal to Hie ratio ot' representation for
one member of Congress, and tho people shall have formed
a constitution for a republican forin of government, it slmll
bo admitted as a sovereign Ktate into the Union, on an
the right to labor or service, arid alter and amend tho con-
stitution at lli'iii will. Ana if the President refuses to ad-
mit such Territory as a State, thin article slmll not deprive
Congress ot the power to admit such State.
Akt. III. The present light of representation in section
two, aiticle one, of the Constitution of the United States,
shall never be alteieil, without tho consent of all the States
maintaining the light to service or labor for life. And the
1 cgulaUon of ihe right to labor or service in any of the Suites,
is hereby rceo«mzi>d to bo exclusively the right of each
State within its own limits; and this "Constitution shall
never be alteied or amended to impair this right of eaeli
State without its consent: Provided, That this article shall
not be construed to absolve the United States Government
from rendeiuiR assistance to suppress insurrections or do-
wi'stie violence, as provided in section four, article fi>ur,
of this Constitution.
Art. IV. The exclusive power to regulate or abolish the
right to labor or service tor life in the District of Columbia,
is hereby ceded to the State of Maryland, to be excicised
in common with such light in that State, subject, never-
theless, to the judicial jurisdiction of tho District of Colum-
bin.
Art. V. No State shall pass any law in any way inter-
fering with, or obstructing the recovery of fugitives from
justice, or fiom labor or service ; or any Jaw of Congress
made under article four, section two, of this Constitution ;
and all laws in violation of this aiticle may be declared
void by the Supreme Court of the United States, $t the suit
of any State. *
Art. VT. As a right of comity between the citizens of
the seveinl States, the light of transit with persons held
to labor or seivice lor life, or for years, fiom one State to
another, shall not be interfered with without the consent of
all the Stales maintaining such service.
Art. VII. Whenever any State shall grant by law to
citizens of othei States the right of &ojuuin for a limited
peiio-1 with prions held to service or labor, if such per-
son* escape, they shall be subject to recovery as fugitives
under the piovisions of this Constitution, and shall l>e re-
turned to the State from which they were brought.
Akt. VIIJ. The tiafiie m slaves with Africa is hereby
fotever piohibited; and the descendants of Africans shall
not be made citizens.
Airr. IX. AH acts of any inhabitant of the United States
tending to incite persons held to service or labor to insur-
rection or acts of domestic violence, or to abscond, shall be
considered and prohibited as contiary to law and a penal
offense.
Art. X. The county of any State wherein a person owing
scivicc or labor is rescued from the custody of the owner,
agent, or officer, shall be bound to pay the full value of
such person, for the use of .the owner, at the suit of the
United States. *
Art. XI. Persons held to service or labor for life, under
the Jaws of any State or Territory, shall not be taken into
any Territory of the United States while in a teiritorial
condition noith oi'latitude .'<6° 30'.
Art. XIT. Alleged fugitives from labor or service, on le-
quept, shall have a trial by jury at the place to which they
may be lenuned.
Art. XIU. All alleged fugitives charged with crime com-
mitted in violation of the laws of the State from which they
fled, shall, on demand, be returned to such State, and bhall
h.ivet he light of tual bv juty; and, it such person claims
to be a citizen of another State, shall have a right of appeal,
or of wi it of error, to the Supreme Coui t of the United States.
Art. XIV. Citizens of any State sojourning m another
State flhall not be subject to violence or punisument, nor
injured in their poisons or property, without trial by jury
and due process of law.
Art. XV. No State, 01 the people thcieof, shall retire
from this Union without the consent of three fourths of all
the States.
Art. XVI. The reserved power of the people in three
fouiths of the States to call and form a national convention
to alter, amend, or abolish this Constitution, accoiding to
its piovisions, shall never be questioned, notwithstanding
the dueetions in aiticle five of the Constitution*
Art XVII. The articles eight, nine, and ten, of these
amendment*, shall not he altered without the consent of
all the States maintaining service or labor for life.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I call for the regular order
of business.
