THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1861.
New Series,....No, 91..
of secession; but it will do no good now. The act
of secession has been committed; a new govern-
ment has been formed, and new remedies must be
offered. Tempora mutant ur, et nos mutamur in illis.
The question nowis not of saving theUnion, but
of saving the peace of the country. Withdraw
your troops; acknowledge the right of self-gov-
ernment; make no futile attempt to collect tribute
from people who are no longer citizens of the
United States; do these things and you will have
peace. Send your flag into that country with
thirty-four stars upon it, and it will be fired ut,
and war will ensue.
I cannot believe that the Senator from Illinois,
by the speech which he made yesterday, intended
to follow up the tram of reasoning which the
President of the United States has seen fit to adopt,
of producing war, and yet throwing the responsi-
bility upon the .wrong party. The President of
the United States says that if there is war he is
not responsible for it; he is not going to shed
blood; he is not going to assail anybody. Why,
sir, if the President of the United States were to
send a fleet to Liverpool and attempt there to en-
force the laws of the United States, and to collect
revenues, and that fleet were fired at, would any-
body say that the'British Government was re-
sponsible for the blood that might follow? These
States have withdrawn from your Union; they
have formed agovernmentof theirown; they have
interfered with nobody, they intend to interfere
with nobody; and yet you attempt to enforce the
laws of the United States beyond the limits of the
United States; and because we are not willing to
pay tribute, and acknowledge a foreign—and un-
der these circumstances hostile—flag, it is said we
make the war. You may amuse women and chil-
dren with arguments of this "sort, but men will
otherwise understand them.
Whether there is one State, miscalled the Uni-
ted States, orwhether there are thirty-three States
confederated together; whether this is a General
Government, a national Government, or a Fed-
eral Government; whether it derives its power
fiom thy people as individuals,and isa social com-
pact, or whether it derives its power from nations,
and is a Federal compact, practically amounts
to nothing. Seven States have withdrawn; they
have established a government; and you have to
put down, subvert, root up, turn over, exterm-
inate, annihilate that Federal government of th Mrs,
before you cart enforce your laws within its lim-
its. You may have the power, or you may not;
that is a question to be decided, not by you, nor
by us. What, then, do you promise yourself by
this wai ? because it is useless to talk about terms,
or to dispute about terms; war makes itself. The
Constitution of the United States declares that
Congress shall have the power to declare war;
thf* constitution of the Federal RepublicofMexico
declares that congress there has the power to make
war; and yet the Congress of the United States
declared that was existed between Mexico and
the United States, though there had been no dec-
laration on the part of either party, by the depart-
ment authorized to make war.
Mr. DOUGLAS, *4 By the act of Mexico."
Mr. WIGPALL. The Senator from Illinois
answers; and I say the act of Mexico should not
be considered war, because the Mexican consti-
tution declared that the congress of Mexico alone
could declare war. It was an act of hostility.
But certainly there was war; there were many
million dollars spent; there were many lives lost;
much blood flowed; and a treaty of peace was
finally entered into.
These seven States, having withdrawn from
this Union and formed a new one, have sent com-
missioners here to treat as to the division of the
public propoity which belonged to the late part-
nership, not to ask the recognition of their inde-
pendence. Georgia was a nation, South Carolina
was a nation, before this Government had exist-
ence, or was ever thought of. Both Georgia and
South Carolina had entered into treaties with
France, with the Netherlands, with England, and •
their nationality had been recognized, before this
91
Government was even thought of. Therefore,
for those two nations, now confederated together
under a new compact, to ask the recognition of
their independence by this Government, that
derives us authority from other governments,
would be an absurdity; but South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Texas, and Louisi-
ana, having been members of the United States
of North America; having revoked the powers;
having entered into a new treaty or compact for
common defense and general welfare; having paid
much of the money into the Federal Treasury,
with which your Army was organized and your
Navy built, with which your light-houses and
your buoys were placed, your harbors cleaned
out, and the public domain acquired—send com-
missioners here to their former associates, and
ask them to enter into a fair arrangement for the
division of the public property, and the assess-
ment of the public debt. Will you do that? Or
will you sit stupidly and idly gazing on, until
there shall be a conflict of arms,'because you can-
not " compromise with traitors"—because you
cannot recognize the independence of States that
were States before this Government had exist-
ence ?
Senators, what is the meaning of this declara-
tion ? It is, that if we acknowledge ourselves to
be slaves; if we will abandon the right of self-
government; if we will agree to be governed by
you, you promise us to govern us well. We say,
first acknowledge our right of self-government;
withdraw your troops; yield to us the right of
collecting our own revenues; divide fairly the
public property; give us our pro rata share of the
men-of-war that are now afloat; send us our pro
rata share of the Army—we want two, three, or
four of the regiments; turn them over to us; give
us our share of the public domain — do these
things, and we will, pro tempore, enter into with
you a treaty of commerce, of peace, and amity;
and if you will reorganize your own Government,
and form such a one as suits us, we may again
confederate with you, and enter into acompaetof
common defense and general welfare. Refuseit,
and we will settle this question by the sword.
There is no dodging these issues. ' You need
not attempt it. If you want war, you will have
it; if you want peace, we are anxious for it; but
the time has passed for party platforms; the time
has pa--ed for demagogism to adopt compromises
which mean nothing. These are plain, palpable
issues; and they have to be met.
The President of the United States nnd the
Senator from Illinois both misapprehend, utterly
and wholly, the issues that are before the coun-
try. They seem to think that the whole difficulty
is as to the question of the Wilmot proviso or
squatter sovereignty in the Territories. These are
dead issues; they are past; they were discussed;
they have been decided upon; they are res adju-
dieata. I am not authorized to speak for the States
that remain m the Union; but as the Senator from
Illinois has spoken and the President of the Uni-
ted SLates has written on the subject of the issues,
I may state that even as to the States that remain
in the Union, the issues are misunderstood. This
is a Government that was formed by States. Pre-
viously to the year 1776, there had, at different
times, been established upon this continent differ-
ent colonial governments. New York was settled
very largely by the Dutch; Virginia was settled
by Englishmen who belonged to the Church of
England; Maryland was settled by Roman Cath-
olics; Pennsylvania was settled by Quakers;South
Carolina had a large settlement of Huguenots
from Prance. All these different colonies were
settled by people of different forms of religion, of
different habits and manners of life. They lived
under different forms of government. They were
as heterogeneous as any people who have ever
lived upon the earth. In 1776. all of them becom-
ing dissatisfied with the power which the British
Pailiamrnt was dispostd to exercise over them, |
declared their independence, and they became i
sovereign, separate, and independent States. As
soveieign, separate, and independent States, they 1
passed through a war of seven years' continu-
ance, and three years afterwards, these States, for
their common defense and'general welfare,estab-
lished a Federal Government. From that time
till now there have been admitted new States-into
the Union, until the States number thirty-fottr.
Just before the thirty-fourth State was admitted
into the Union, seven States withdrew from it.
So stands the question.
Now what are the remaining States going to
do? Preserve the Union you cannot; for it is
dissolved. Conquer those States and hold them
as conquered provinces, you may. Is the play
worth th e eand le ? Treat with them, and treat them
as a separate confederacy, and you have peace.
Treat with them, and treat with them as States of
this Union, and you have war. One or the other
you must do. Which will you do? There is a
very strong desire on the part of many to avoid
the issue, to hold what are called the tobaeco
States still in the Union, and build up what is to
be called a great Union party, composed ofFree-
Soilism and Whiggery, and avoid a war with the
cotton States; hold things as they are at home,
get through the next succeeding three years, and
elect somebody as President of the old Unitm,
upon the ground that he has been a great Union-
saver. But, unfortunately, you cannot control
facts; and making speeches will not do this thing.
Mr. Abraham Lincoln has to remove those troops
from Fort Pickens and from Fort Sumter, or
they will be removed for him. He has to collect
the revenues in Charleston, Savannah, Mobile,
New Orleans, or the confederate States will col-
lect their own revenues. He has no judiciary
department, he has no custom-house collectors,
he has none of the machinery of Government
there. He has to appoint his custom-house offi-
cers; he has to collect the revenues; and when lie
attempts it, you know, and I know, that resistance
will be made, and that a conflict of arms will en-
sue, and that war will be the result. Which are
you going to do? It is an issue that you cannot
avoid; it is a question that you cannot dodge.
The causes which have led to this state of things
it would be impertinent, entirely so, now to dis-
cuss. The facts are before us, and we must deal
with those facts.
Then, as to the States that have already seceded,
and liave formed a government, you can treat with
them, you can enter into new commercial and po-
litical relations with them, or you can refuse to
do so, and go to war. As to the States that re-
main, you can so amend the Constitution as to
give them security for the future, if not indemnity
for the past; but in doing that, it will not be by
dividing Territories. I say to you, though I do
not speak by authority, and do not represent those
States, that it is useless to blind your eyes to these
facts: that no compromise, no amendment of the
Constitution, no arrangement that you enter into
will be satisfactory to those States, Senators, un-
less you recognize the doctrine that slaves aie
property, and that you will protect that spccies of
property as you do every other. The difficulty
between the States that have seceded and those
that are now in the Union has not been the ques-
tion as to the division of the Territories, consid-
ered as land, as money; it has been that these
States, with other States, formed a General Gov-
ernment, and that that General Government de-
nied that their property was property; denied the
right to protect H, which they claimed; and de-
clared byavote,inthe iastelection, of nearly two
million voters, that wherever that property was
found it would bo confiscated. For these reasons,
they have revoked the powers which they had
vested in this their Government. The Govern- -
ment had refused to protect their property; and
having refused to protect it—one of the objects of
all Governments being the protection of property
—they have revoked their powers, and withdrawn
from a Government that would notprotect them.
I have-said so mveh ui reply to the Senator
from Illinois, because I did not wish his speech
to go out as an explanation of the meaning of the
President of the United States, as it might be con-
