482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ruary 21, 1854, the recognizance of Shroder was
declared to be forfeited. At the time that Shroder
becamc bail, lie obtained from Vondersmith a
confession of Judgment in the sum of ^7,000,
to indemnify him against any loss by reason of
his suretyship. This judgment was entered in
the office of theprothonotary of the court of com-
mon pleas of Lancaster oil February 27, 1854,
and subsequently Shroder assigned this judgment
to the United States. Vondersmith returned in
the year 1857, was again arrested and put into
prison in default of bail. While there his wife
died, leaving four children; and some friends were
induced to enter bail for him in the sum of $15,000
for his appearance at court to takehis trial, which
recognizance was fulfilled without delay or for-
feiture. His means appeared to have been ex-
hausted, and to prepare the necessary means of
defense, as well as to provide support tor his fam-
ily, lie gave judgments to several other creditors,
amounting, altogether, to §7,165, which were
entered, ill like manner as Shroder's judgment,
at the respective dates mentioned in the prothon-
otary 5s certificate. Vondersmith's trial took place
at Philadelphia, in April, 1859, when he was ac-
quittedupon fourindictments, wasconvicted upon
two, and on May 7, 1859, he was sentenced to
undergo an imprisonment in the penitentiary for
twenty years; which sentence he is now under-
going. The only property owned by him at the
time of the conviction seems to have been certain
real estate in Lancaster, which was levied upon
and sold under an execution issued upon one of
the judgments, and the proceeds, amounting to
|G,l'01, nave been paid into and are now in court
for distribution according to law. No proceed-
ings wore taken against Shroder, and he has not
paid anything by reason of his suretyship.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDFCS L. IIARYY.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill No. 858, granting a pension to Rufus L.
Harvy, in order that it may be taken up and put
on its passage.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The bill, which was read, provides that the name
of Ilufus L. Harvy be placed upon the pension
roll at the rate of eight dollars a month, to com-
mence from the 1st of January, 1860, and tocon-
tinue during his life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed,and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN JOHNSON.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
der from House bill No. 263, for the relief of John
Johnson; and that the same be recommitted to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
SALLIE C. NORTIIUP.
Mr. LOVE J OY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Sallie C.
Northup; which was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. BURNETT. Is that a bill for the reissue
of land warrants?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This bill
is reported from the Committee on Public Lands
• unanimously. It confirms the title in certain land
warrants to Sallie C. Northup. She came into the
possession of them by the death of her brother,
who was formerly a citizen of Mobile, Alabama.
It is a case like that passed at the last session in
favor of Robert Johnson, of Philadelphia.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OLYMPIA LAND OFFICE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill to provide for
bringing up the arrearages of work in the land
office at Olympia, Washington Territory; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the bill
be put on its passage. It is reported unanimously
from the Committee on Public Lands, and it is
recommended by the Land Office.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMPSON STANPILL.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sen t of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar be discharged
from the consideration of House bill No. 724, for
the relief of Sampson Stanfill, and that it be now
put on its passage.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The bill, which was read in txtenso, provides
that Sampson Stanfill shall be released and dis-
charged from all claim and demand of the United
States to the balance of money now remaining due
upon acertain judgmentrecovcred against him ill
favor of th&Uniteil States before the circuit court
of the United States of Tennessee, holden at Knox-
ville, which was recovered on a recognizance en-
tered into by him as surety for Lewis G. Stanfill.
It appears,from the report, that Lewis J. Stan-
fill, at the term of the United States circuit court
holden at Knoxville, Tennessee, in November,
1858, was charged with having passed counterfeit
coin, purporting to be a Mexican silver dollar,
and upon this charge an indictment was found
against him. Stanfill and his father, Sampson
Stanfill, entered into a recognizance in the penal
sum of fjj2,000, conditioned for the appearance of
Lewis J. Stanfill, to appear before the court to
answer the complaint, and not to depart the court
without leave. Stanfill did appear to answer the
indictment, and the same was called for trial.
The court, upon examination of the law, decided
that the offense was not within ^jurisdiction,
but no formal judgment of discharge was ren-
dered. The respondent left the court, and subse-
quently a default was obtained upon the recog-
nizance,and a judgment subsequently rendered in
favoroftheUnitedStates against Sampson Stanfill,
the father of the original respondent, for the sum
of §2,000 and costs. Upon this judgment, Samp-
son Stanfill has paid to the United States $1,000
and costs, leaving the balance of the judgment
unpaid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I move that by unanimous
consent this be made an objection day in the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
JACOB WE AD.
Mr.TAPPAN,from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the administrators
of Jacob Wead; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM COWING.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
be discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 623, for the relief of William
Cowing, and that it be put on its passage.
The bill, which was read,directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay William Cowing §120, in
full for additional allowance as clerk, under the
provisions of the second section of an act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government, approved August 31,
1852. , ,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CASE OP WILLIAMSON AND SICKLES.
Mr. GURLEY. Yesterday a resolution was
refeired to the Committee on Printing, for the
printing of the evidence in the case of Williamson
vs. Sickles. The document is already printed,
and in the document-room.
Mr. VANDEVER moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. LONGNECKER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barr and
McKnight were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 30, noes 32.
Mr. VANDEVER withdrew his motion to
adjourn.
STEPHEN BUNNELL.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House Lo discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of House bill No. 390, for
the relief of Stephen Bunnell, and to put it on its
passage. The bill only failed last session for want
of time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the name
of Stephen Bunnell, of Indiana, a sergeant of the
war of 1812, be placed upon the list of pensioners
of the United States, for and during his natural
life, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, com-
mencing from 18th January, 1858.
It appears from the report that Mr. Bunnell,
who served as quartermaster's sergeant in the
artillery corps of the United States Army for five
years, from March, 1812,to March,1817, testifies,
under onth, that he entered the Army in robust
health; that his physical powers were broken
down by arduous service and exposure in his
specially hazardous line of duty; and that now,
in his old age, with his constitution bioken down,
being unable,from his failure to claim a discharge,
when sick, and, from the death of his captain and.
comrades since, to furnish the evidence required
at the Pension Bureau, he applies to Congiess fol-
ks recognition. He was the first who landed at
the taking of Fort George, shared in the capture
of Glueenstown Heights, participated m the bat-
tle of Stony Creek, lying on the wet ground at
nights with the rest of the army, on their march
thither, which caused him such sickness as to
confine him for many months in the hospital at
Youngstown. Although this sickness has im-
paired his system ever since, he recovered suffi-
ciently to again join the Army, and to man the
gun under his charge at the battle of Chippewa.
At Lundy's Lane, his captain being slain and
his lieutenant wounded, he took command, under
direction of General Scott, of the last gun left to
his company, and kept it in operation till he had
but one man left, and his ammunition was ex-
hausted, when he succeeded in getting the gun
from the field of battle. At Fort Erie, he was
honored with a command above his rank, namely,
of a battery in a specially exposed condition, in
front of the gate of the fort; and by its discharges,
after the fort had been taken by the enemy, blew
it up, discomfiting the whole British detachment.
He was wounded in the wrist at Chippewa, and
at Fort Shelby was badly injured in the shoulder
by a fall occasioned by rotten timber in a bridge;
but had never claimed a pension on account of
these injuries, not deeming at the time that he
would ever need it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and road
