1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488-
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
" ELIPIIALET BROWN, JR.
Mr. BARR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the bill (H. R. No. 439)
for the relief of Eliphalct Brown, jr.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to allow and pay to Eliphalct
Brown, jr., for services as artist and master's
mate in the Japan expedition, at the rate of $1,500
per annum, from the time r-f enlisting until the
time of his discharge, deducting from that amount
the sum already paid him as master's mate.
Mr. Q.UARLES objected.
AUGUSTUS II. EVANS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and put upon its
passage Court of Claims bill No. 94, for the re-
lief of Augustus II. Evans.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
ofthe Treasury, out ofany moneys in theTreasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to Augustus
H. Evans the sum 01&8OO, in full for his services
as clerk in the State of RUssouri during the years
1835 and 1836.
Mr. THOMAS. What was he clerk of?
Mr. McCLERNAND. He was clerk m the
surveyor general's land office at St. Louis. It is the
balance of an amount due him, and in reference
to which, 1 understand, there is no dispute at all.
The simple fact is, that the matter has been over-
looked.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time, ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordinglyread the third time,and passed.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the regular order of
business
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman from Tennessee
withdraws his objection to my bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COX. What is the regular order ?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports.
The call of committees for reports was then
concluded.
TAXES IN KANSAS.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode
Island, the Committee on the Judiciary was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of one bundled and eleven citizens of Law-
rence, Kansas Territory, for the remission of
taxes; and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up a bill (H. R. No.
73) of great merit, providing for the payment of
certain companies of volunteers in the Mexican
war, and in the war against the Navajo and other
tribes of Indians.
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to anymore
business being done to-day by unanimous consent.
I make the objection from a sense of duty; and I
hope 110 gentleman will insist upon doing so. I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Ely were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 51, nays 27.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at two o'clock and
twenty-five minutes, p. m.) adjourned until Mon-
day next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 21, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No.
865) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1862,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. FITCH. In the absence of the Chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I move that
the appropriation bill just reported lie on the table
for the time being;. There is a matter, I believe,
before that committee, which it is desirous to act
upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table without any motion.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HUNTER. While I have the floor, 1 de-
sire to make a request personal to myself. I ask
that I may be excused from further service upon
the Finance Committee. I do so because it is
obvious that the party majority in the Senate will
soon change, and 1 believe that justice to myself
and justice to the Senate both require that I should
make the request to be excused from further ser-
vice 011 that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia asks to be excused from further service
on the Committee on Finance.
The question being put, it was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM, [ask to be excused from any
further service upon the Committee on Territo-
ries. I have attended promptly all the meetings
of the committee; but Us business is not one "in
which my constituency are at all interested, and
I ask that 1 may be excused from further service.
The motion was agreed to.
FINANCE REPORT. ^
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution for printing ex-
tra numbers of the Finance Report, have directed
me to report it back, with amendments. The ori-
ginal resolution contemplated printing ten thou-
sand extra copies of the Finance Report, and five
hundred besides for the use of the Department.
We merely strike out the extra five hundred,and
propose to print ten thousand, giving five hundred
of those to the Department.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to, as
follows:
Rcsoliedj That then; Ik printed,for the useoftlie Senate,
ten thousand additional copies of the annual report of the
Peerotaiy ot the Treasuiy on the finances, five hundred of
tiie bame for the use of Uie Tieasury Department.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution submitted by
Mr. Peauce to print extra copies of the Coast
Survey report, communicated to the Senate on
the 20th of December, 1860, reported it without
amendment; and it was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That flieie be piinted, in addition to tiie usua!
numlier, six thousand two hundred copies of the report of
tiie SupeunlendeHt of tile Coast Suivey for tile year 1860,
twelve hundred of which for the use of tiie Senate, and five
thousand foi distribution by t-aid superintendent; that tlic
same be punted and bound, with the charts and sketches,
in quarto form; and that the printing ot said charts and
sketches siiaii lie done to tiie satisfaction ot the Supenn-
tendent of the Coast Survey.
GEORGE P. KANE.
Mr. PEARCE. There was a reportsent to the
Senate in response to a call of the Senate of last
session, by the Secretary of the Treasury, in rela-
tion to the claim of George P. Kane, of Baltimore.
I move that it be taken fiom the table, where it
was laid the other day in consequence of my ab-
sence from the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE. I present three pctitionsnumcr-
ously signed, two fiom Hartford county, andone
from Cecil county, Maryland, praying Congress
to adopt the compromise recommended by the
committee of the border States, which they think
will restore peace and harmony to the country.
I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the memorialof
Daniel W. Shaw, son of Daniel W. Shaw, de-
ceased, of Whitestown, in the State of "New
York, praying payment of his father's pension
from the time of his discharge to the time when
the pension which he received commenced; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIG-LER presented a petition of citizens
of Upper Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania, praying
the adoption of the compromise measures pro-
posed by Hon. J. J. Crittenden; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Che-
nango county, New York, praying the adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Mr.
Crittewden; which was ordered to lie on the
(able.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have a petition, sir,
which I am requested to present to the Senate,
from certain citizens of Michigan. I ask that it
may bo read.
. The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States:
Tiie undersigned citizens of Michigan, without distinc-
tion of party, respectfully memorialize the Congress ofthe
United States to adopt, as a reasonable and just basis of
adjustment of the national difficulties which now distract,
impoverish, and demoralize the country; or,congressional
adjustment proving impracticable, then to refer directly to
the people of all the States, for their action, the Crittenden
proposition1?, so-called, as modified and agreed to by the
committee 011 behalf ot the border States, which are sub-
stantially as follows:
1. The amendment ©f the fugitive slave law, so as to
prevent kidnapping, and to equalize the commissioner's
fee.
2. The repeal of the personal liberty laws of tiie several
States.
3. Non-interference by Congress with slavey in the slave
States, or southern dock-yards and arsenals, or with the
inter-State slave trade.
4. The non-abolition of slavery by Congress in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, except with the consent of Virginia and
Maryland, and of the people of the District, and compen-
sation to the owners. -
5. The perpetual prohibition of the African slave trade.
6. The division ol the tejruories by the line of 36* 30',
all north of which shall be free, and all south of it to be
free Irom interference on the subject of slavery by any au-
thority, until admitted as a State or States with or without
slavery, as its people may choose.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POLK. I am requested to present a paper
in the nature of a petition from the city of St.
Louis, expressing the belief that the passage by
Congress of the Crittenden resolutions will give
peace to the public minfl, and asking that those
resolutions be passed, or the substance of them.
The petition consists of between ninety-five and
one hundred leaves of foolscap paper, enveloped
in the American flag, inscribed, il We love the
North, we love the East, we love the West, we
love the South intensely." I beg to present the
petition, and ask that it lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that the petition
will be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks that the petition be read. The
Secretary will read it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
how long the petition is? It is not according to
the rules of the Senate, I believe, to read peti-
tions.
Mr. POLK. I will say to the Senator, that the
petition itself is only five or six lines.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to know
where you learn it is not usual to read petitions?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rule does not per-
mit it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There can be no rule
against it.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the read-
ing ofthe petition, as follows:
Wc, the undersigned, citizens of the city of St. Louis,
believing that the adoption of the proposition for settling
the issues now disturbing our country, introduced into the
Senate by Senator Crittenden, ot Kentucky, would bavo-
the effect of giving peace to the public mind, respectfully
ask the 1,'ongress of the United States to accept of said prop-
ositions, and to offer aiticles of amendment to the Consti-
tution to tiie peopie and the States for their acceptance.
The petition wus ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I have been requested by
citizens of Pennsylvania to present a petition,
j signed by several hundred persons residing in the
