1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be clearly understoodj not only in its purpose, but
in the time that purpose is to be executed, that
the proper preparation should be made to meet
the great occasion.
There is another part of this message that I
wanted to comment on, which I think discloses,
but discloses again in rather an occult way, what
the policy of this Administration is to be in ref-
erence to that great question of African slavery,-
which has already rent the Union and keeps other
slave States trembling in the balance. I said here
a few days ago, in debate, that the resolution
which passed the House of Representatives, pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution, which
was subsequently adopted in the Senate, took its
origin in the Chicago platform. I have not read
the platform, probably, since it was promulged;
I had a vague recollection of it; but I was struck
with the coincidence; and the message shows that
what I accidentally stumbled upon was a precon-
certed purpose of the Republican party, under the
lead of the President, to throw that sop to Cer-
berus, in the form of such an amendment to the
Constitution, and with the explicit denial of any
other. It shows more: that this new President,
in his inaugural, adopts that as the only permis-
sible amendment to the Constitution, for two
reasons: the first is, as stated in the inaugural,
because already it is the implied law of the Con-
stitution, and therefore he could have no objection
to make it the express law; andlsecondly, for the
still more remarkable reason that this proposed
amendment to the Constitution constituted a part
of the Chicago platform, and that platform is his
law. I will read what he says:
" f cfo hut quote from one of those speeches"—
Alluding to one of his own speeches—
<( when I declare that 11 have no purpose, directly or in-
dneetly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States\vhere it exists. I believe I have no lawful light to
do so, and I have no inclination to do so.' Those who nom-
inated and elected me did so with lull knowledge that I
had made this, and iftany similar declarations, and had
never recanted them. And more than this, they placed in
the platform for my acceptance, and as a law to themselves
and to me, the clear and emphatic resolution which I now
read."
And then he reads the third resolution of the
Chicago platform. That he says was placed in
the Chicago platform for his acceptance as a law
.to those who framed it and to him, and therefore
he adopts it! There is the declaration that what-
ever is in the Chicago platform is his law; be-
cause, if this declaration that they are not to inter-
fere with slavery in the States is a law to him for
the reason that'it is in the Chicago platform, it
follows, not as a logical sequence only, but it fol-
lows, by any rule of interpretation, if the one res-
olution is a iaw the whole is a law. Now, what
are they ? In that Chicago platform 1 find, in the
fifth section, denouncing the Democratic Admin-
istration for vaiious of its measures, this:
il In constrains? the personal ielation between masterand
servant to involve an unqualified pioperty in pei&onrf.''
That is one of the offenses of the Democratic
Administration. That is one of the laws of this
platform which the President in his inaugural has
told the American people is law to him because
it is there, and the policy of the Administration is
here declared to be the inexorable law of party
allegiance; a law admitted by the President to be
obligatory upon him. One part of the policy of
the Administration is to be, whenever the occa--
sion permits it, to deny property in slaves. What
further? In the seventh section the platform
recites that—
"The new dogma that the Constitution, of its own force,
carries slavery into any or all of the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, is a dangerous political heresy, at variance with
the explicit provisions of that inatmmcnt itself, with co-
tempoianeous exposition, and with legislative and judicial
precedent; is revolutionary in its tendency, and subversive
of the peace and harmony of the country.''
That is, the political doctrine that the Consti-
tution recognizes property in man within the Ter-
ritories is declared to be a dangerous political
heresy. They call it oarrying slavery into the
Territories. There seems to be a settled purpose
in this Republican party, to use phrases suscep-
tible of all sorts of meanings. I never heard of a
law that carried slavery anywhere. I know a
slave can be taken anywhere; but he carries no
law of slavery with him. A slave is taken any-
where, as an ox or a horse is, because he is prop-
erty, and he remains property, unless there be
some law there to piohihit thnt >ort ot*property.
That is the doctrine which the platform says is a
dangerous political heresy.
But again: in the eighth section, we find—
That the normal condition of all the territory of the
United States is that of freedom."
This is another of those occult modes of speak-
ing. "Free territory"and "slaye territory"are
catcli-words much used—useful, perhaps—in get-
ting up party combinations, but here made a part
of that law whicji is to control the President of
these United States, and bind his conscience, by
his own declarations m his inaugural. " Free
territory!" Sir, there is no meaning in the phrase.
Take the State of Pennsylvania: they have de-
clared that involuntary servitude, or slavery, shall
not exist there. That is nothing on earth, in the
language of the jurist, but prohibiting that sort of
property, or, in the language of the politician,
prohibiting that element of political power; but
what on Heaven's earth has it to do with the soil,
the land ? It can find its base, I think, nowhere
but in the necessities of urgent politicians to get
up catch-words to combine political parties; and
yet it is put in here in the platform, and made a
law to the President, by his own admission. It
concludes by saying:
" We deny the authority of Congress, of a Territorial
Legislature, or of any individuals, to give legal existence
to slaveiy in any Teintory of the United States."
That is binding on the President. This, to use
the language, and the appropriate language, of
the Senator from Illinois, is the key to the whole
meaning of the utter failure, after every effort
during this winter to get any amendment pro-
posed to the Constitution, to secure what the
southern States know are their rights under the
Constitution. " The platform," says the Presi-
dent, " is my law. On the subject of slavery it
has declared only that there shall be no interfer-
ence with slavery in the States; and it being my
law, I therefore approve of the amendment which
was passed; but all the rest is a law to me. It
is a law to me that, there shall be no slaves car-
ried into the Territories." Thus, notwithstand-
ing the struggle that we saw in the committees
of the two Houses, and in the peace conference,
the subject, in the hantfs of those who had charge
of it from the free States, was insusceptible of
adjustment, because they never intended to give
any security of any kind to those rights, the de-
nial of which has driven seven States out of the
Union, and which my State, by its commission-
ers, came here to demand should be recognized.
The only thing is, that joint resolution that passed
the other day; and that the President says he ac-
quiesces in, bccause it was already a part of the
Constitution, in the contemplation of everybody,
and because the Chicago platform said it should
be done; and that is his law.
If any further proof were wanting, look at the
extraordinary fact that the President, after admit-
ting in the inaugural that the great struggle upon
the question of slavery was in the Territories,not
only refrains from expressing any policy in re-
gard to the Territories, but passes over the whole
subject in two lines. He says:
" One section of our cotintiy believes slavery is ri^hl,
and ought to be extended, while the other believes it is
wrong, and ought not to be extended. That is the only sub
stantial dispute."
And there he leaves the question. He is right
in saying, not that it is the only substantial dis-
pute, but that it has been the greatest question in
dispute; bccause upon it depended, not the meas-
ure of political power alone under the Constitu-
tion, but upon it depended the very safety and in-
tegrity of the southern States where slavery is;
and yet, although he declares it to have been the
great subject of dispute, how does he dispose ot
it? He disposes of it thus, in another part of the
message:
iWfrt/ Congress prohibit slaveiy in the Teriitories? The
Constitution "does not expiessiy say. Must Congress pro-
tect slavery in the Teirrtones ? The Constitution does not
expiessiy say."
The Chicago platform said that slavery should
( be prohibited in the Territories; and the Presi-
! dent says in his inaugural that is a law to him,
, and one that he must obey.
I I have thought proper, Mr. President, to bring
j to the notice of the country these views in the
| inaugural in connection with the Chicago plat-
; form, for the purpose of elucidating the strange J
fact that, witii the country in the convulsed con- :
dition in which it is, with the Union broken, with
a confederation formed out of a portion of the
States in the southern section, with the necessary
result, attending these political events, of af depres-
sion and almost ruin qf the public credit, and
stagnation ip, every branch of industry, and com-
merce almost at an end, thousands of people bu£-
feringforemployment, the Congress of the United
States, aided by commissioners from twenty or
twenty-one States, were unable to bring forward
any mode by which the American people eoiilf}
again be united. The Republican party are in the
ascendant; they have got the political power of
the country in their hands; the Chicago platform,
has laid down the law by which that power is to
be administered; and the President declares that
the platform is law to him. I am sorry to have
detained the Senate so long; but I really thought
the occasion and the position of my State, in ref-
erence to this matter, required that I should give
my views somewhat at length.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Virginia
is under a strange misapprehension in regard to
the view that I took in relation to the condition
of Fort Sumter, when 1 stated casually what I
supposed was well known to everybody, that the
provisions of the garrison would be exhausted in
thirty or thirty-one days, and that it would take
a very large land force, besides all the.naval force
we have, to reinforce it, or place supplies in it.
I certainly did not draw the inference that there-
fore war was to come within the thirty days. On
the contrary, I thought the inference was irresist-
ible that war could not come, in relation to fort
Sumter, for the simple reason that it is not pos-
sible for you to raise an army in thirty days.
Congress is not in session,and you cannot bring
them together in that time; you cannot concen-
trate an army in that time. I take it for granted,
therefore, that no attempt will be made to rein-
force Fort Sumter, for the simple reason that it is
impossible to do it, if even there was a disposition
to do it.
Then, while I have no knowledge of the views
or purposes of anybody connected with the Gov-
ernment and having control of this question in
regard to Fort Sumter, I take it for granted that
an army which we have not got, and which can-
not be raised in many months, for the reason
that it would require a session of Congress first,
is not to be collected for the purpose of relieving
Fort Sumter in the next thirty days.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator, then, what is
to be done with the garrison if they are in a starv-
ing condition?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ifthe Senator had voted right
in the last presidential election I should have been
in a condition, perhaps, to tell him authoritatively
what ought to be done. [Laughter.] Notoccu-
pying that position, I must refer him to those who
have been intrusted by the American people ac-
cording to the Constitution with the decision of
that question. Iam only pointing outfacts which
I think tell us more clearly than language what
must bo done.
I apprehend the same is true in regard to the
collection of revenue. We are told that the col-
lection of revenue in the seceding States is going
to lead to collision and to war. That cannot be
done without further legislation. Does any one
suppose that the President is going to send a
collector of the port to New Orleans to collect
revenue—a city with nearly two hundred thou-
sand inhabitants,situated two hundred miles from
the Gulf, where nobody acknowledges allegiance
to our Government? You must capture the city
of New Orleans before you can collect revenue
there; and yet the laws of the land, which require
the collection of the revenue, locate the custom-
houses in the city, and do not authorize you to
collect the duties anywhere else. Hence it is
very clear that the President did not mean New
Orleans when he spoke of collecting the revenue.
So it is with Mobile, thirty miles inside of the
bar, up in the State of Alabama. No one expects
that he is going to appoint a collector of the port
there to collect the revenue, unless he raises an .
army and takes possession of the city. The same
is true in regard to Savannah,situated along dis-
tance up the Savannah river in the interior of the
country, where no duties can be collected until
you have captured the place.
The same is true of Charleston. Since this con-
troversy has commenced, the city of Charleston
