1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
and the authorities of South Carolina have erected
a large number of batteries, for miles below Fort
Moultrie and Fort Sumter, upon Sullivan's and
Morris's islands, and the other bars and islands
there, that close every channel but one, and that
having only eight feet water. The President has
no authority by law to remove the custom-house
from Charleston outside of the harbor; none to
remove the custom-house from Savannah down
to the ocean; none to remove it from Mobile down
into the Gulf; none to remove it from New Orleans
down to the Belize; and, therefore, you cannot
collect customs or maintain your custom-houses
at any of those places, unless you first send a
military force to take possession of them. Not
having the power, no law on the statute-book
authorizing it, it is very clear that the President
could not have contemplated the using of military
force to collect revenue there, until Congress
should meet and make it his duty, and give him
the power to do so.
So much for the purposes of the President. We
must take it for granted that he is a man of ordi-
nary intelligence, that he is familiar with the laws
of the land, that he knows what his powers are,
and what he cannot do without further legislation.
Then let us inquire whether it is the policy of the
party that brought him into power, to collect this
revenue by military force. 1 infer that it is not
their policy*; and I will state a few facts that con-
clusivelyprovejtomy mind,that they have no such
intention. Thefirst fact is this: they know it cannot
be done without additional legislation, and they
have rejected bills to confer that additional legis-
lation, Several wecKs ago,they had a majority in
both Housesof Congress,and from that day to this,
there has been no difficulty in their passing these
force bills if they wanted to do so. Why did they
not do so ? They did make some progress in doing
it in the House of Representatives up to the time
the President elect arrived in the city of Wash-
ington, and immediately postponed them, and they
were never taken up again. I think it is very
clear, therefore, that they purposely, undoubtedly
for patriotic purposes, and with very good mo-
tives, withheld from thePresident the povverto do
this very thing, and the President says he will not
do it if Congress withholds the power. It is veiy
clear that they purposely withheld it, with a ma-
jority in both Iiouses of Congress, the power to
pass these laws, and supply the means at any
time, unembarrassed by hostile committees; for
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. flom/n,] who
had served on the Committee on Finance tor so
many years, with so much distinction and useful-
ness to the country, felt it to be his duty to with-
draw from the committee, in order to give them
a chance to mature the plans for this new policy,
if they saw fit; and with the power in their hands,
and the numbers to carry it through, they did not.
i am glad they did not. I think they acted wisely
and patriotically in withholding it; and I am per-
fectly willing that the President shall make it an
excuse for not doing these things, that the power
has been withheld. In view of these facts, I in-
fer that not only the President himself is pacific
in his policy, but that the Republican party are
convinced that peace under all circumstances, is
the best policy. £Iowevei, a short tune will de-
termine.
One thing is certain: that if they anticipate war,
and the use of military force, we shall soon see
a proclamation for an extra session of Congress,
in order that laws may be passed calling armies
into the field, and accepting the service of volun-
teers, and making preparations on the scale that
the military authorities shall estimate as neces-
sary to cairy out this programme. I have never
seen a military man who made an estimate of less
than two hundred and fifty thousand men as being
necessary to reduce the southern States into sub-
jection. I think, therefore, thot we have one of
two lines ofpohcy beforeus; the one an army of a
quarter of a million men, with two hund red and fifty
millionspf money to support it for a single year;
the other the policy of peace. I shall cling,to the
hope that the peace policy will prevail, until 1 see
the contrary shown by some authoritative act of
the President himself. I care not what individual
Senators may think. I draw my conclusions not
from what this man or that man thinks. I believe
there are a great many men in the Republican
party who hold principles and a policy entirely
repugnant to the views of the President. I draw
my inference, therefore,from the official action of
the two Houses of Congress, and from the inau-
gural address of the President. I think these
facts show conclusively that we are to have no j
war,no bloody colli&ion, and that the peace policy j
is going to prevail. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is hardly worth
while for us to work ourselves too hard now at
this period of the session, while we are merely a
Senate;and I would therefore, having it perfectly
understood that I rose merely for that purpose
and not for the sake of getting the floor, move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLUNGMAN. Will the Senator allow
mer Is it contemplated to meet regularly from
day to day? There was something said yesterday
about an adjournment over until Monday. Does
the Senator think it necessary that we should meet
from dny to dny ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
meet to-morrow and have the committees an-
nounced, and there may be some business possi-
bly to act on. I lenew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlarch 8, 1S61.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Gitrley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Till'] INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution comes up as the unfinished business of
yesterday:
Resolvrd, That there ho printed. for the use of the Senate,
the u*ual number of copies o! the inaugural addicss of the
President of the United States.
The resolution was adopted.
GALLERY FOR THE DIPLOMATIC CORPS.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the ordei of the Senate, setting aside a
part of the galleiy for the use of the diplomatic corps be,
diiti the same is hereby, lescinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. GRIMES. I am not particular nbout it.
It may lie over until to-morrow, so that every-
body may know what it is.
EXPULSION' OF A SENATOR.
Mr. POSTER. I ask leave to oiler the follow-
ing lesolution:
WhiiuM? Hon L T Wick w.l. now a Senator of tlx-Uni-
ted Stales uom the Slate ot Te.\a-, ha-, declared in debate
that he h a loieiunei, that lie owes no allegiance to this
Government, but tli.vt he belong to and owe-, allegiance to
anothet and loieL'u Stav and yoveininent: Theietoie,
Resolvrd, That the said L. T. Wxgi-'^ll be, and he heieby
i^, expelled hum this body.
As the Senator is not in his seat, let it lie over.
DOMINLCK COXROY.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following order:
Ofdned, That the tesohuion oflast session, makmgan
allowance to the widow of Donnntck Comoy, he ifcom-
milU'd to the Committee to Audit and ContinJ the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate.
I ask for its reference to the committee.
Mr. CLARK. Theie is no committee now.
Mr. IUCE. I ask that it lie on the table until
the committees arc formed.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PA.PKRS.
On motion of Air. LATHAM, it was
Oidcrcd, That leave be srianted to withdiaw !iom the
files of the Senate the p.ipeis ot fnneifc Iluttman. infer-
ring to Jus claim loi detention or th 1 Petuvian b;uk Callno
and eaigo, m San Fianeiseo, id lb-id, by thecollectoi ol the
poit.
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE.
Air. BRIGHT. I offer a list, proposing com-
mittees for the body during the present session,
and ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The list will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Mosms. Sumner, (ehaiiman,)
Collanjei, Doolittle, Hanis, Douglas. Polk, and ILeekm-
rid^e.
On Finance—Messrs.Fessenden, (chairman.) Simmons,
Wade, Howe, Hunter, Peaice, and Blight.
On Commerce—Messis. ('handier; (chanman,) King,
Moral!, Wilson, Chngman. Saul-bury, and Johnson.
On Military JJffairs and Militia—Messrs. Wilson, (chair-
man,) King, feaker, Lane. Rice, Latham, and Breckinridge.
On Naval Jiff'ucrs—Messrs. Hale, (chairman.) Grimes,
Foot, Cowan, Thomson, Nicholson, and Kennedy.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chairman.) Fos-
ter, Ten Eyck, Cowan, Bayard, Powell, and Clingman.
On the Post Office and Poet Roads—Messrs. Collamer,
(chairman,) Dixon, Wade, Tiumbull, Rice, Bught, and
Ls'tham.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Italian, (chairman.) "Bingham,
Clark, Wilkinson, Johnson, Mitchel, and Bragg.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. King, (chairman,)
Chandlet, Wilkinson, Nicholson, and Nesmith.
07i Claims—Messrs. Clark, (chairman,) Simmons, Ilovve,
Cowan. Bragg, and Polk.
On Private Land Claim?—Mopsrs. Harris, (chairman,)
Ten Evck, Sumner, Polk, and Bayard.
On Indian Jiffairs—Messis. Doolittle, (chairman,) Ba-
ker, Cowan, Ten Eyek, Sebastian, Rice, and Ne^mith.
O71 Pensions—Messrs. Fo=;tei, (chairman,) Bingham,
Lane, Simmons, Saulshury, Powell, and Mitchel.
On the District of Columbia—Me^rs. Grimes, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Morrill, Wade, Kennedy, Clingman, aud
Powell.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Simmons,
(chairman,) Sumner, Doolittle, Thomson, and Sebashan.
0;i Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Foot, (chair-
man.) Dixon, Chandler. Blight, and Kennedy.
On Territories—Mcssis. Wade, (chaitman,) Wilkinson,
Cowan, Hale, Douglas, Sebastian, and Brasg.
I To Jiwht and (.'.outrol the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Dixon, (cliaiiman.) Clark, and Johnson.
On Printing—Mewsis. Anthony, (chanman,) Harlan, and
Nicholson.
On Engrossed Bilk—Messrs. Lane, (chairman,) Morrill,
and Mitchel.
On Enrolled Bills—MesM.-. Bingham, (chairman.) Baker,
and Saulfcbtuy.
On the Library—Messrs. Peaice, (chairman.) Collamer,
and Fessenden.
Mr. BRIGHT. Under the rule, it is the priv-
ilege of any Senator to insist upon the election of
the chairman of each committee by ballot. The
Secretary will please read the rule for the inform-
ation of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" 35. In the appointment of the standing committee*, the
Senate will pioceed, by ballot, seveially to appoint the chair-
man of each committee, and then, by one ballot, the other
members necessary to complete the same ; and a majority
of the whole number of votes given shall he necessaiy to the
choice of achaiiman of a standing committee. All other
committees shall be appointed by ballot; and a plurality of
votes shall make a choice.'5
Mr. BRIGHT. X believe each side ofthe Cham-
ber has agreed upon this list, and by unanimous
consent the list may be adopted without putting
the Senate to the trouble and delay of time neces-
sary to ballot. I move the unanimous adoption
of the list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator moves
a suspension of the rule tor the purpose of con-
sidering the list proposed by him, by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate. The Chair heais no
objection. The question, therefore, will be on the
adoption of the list of committees as presented to
the Senate.
The list was adopted.
ORDER IN THE GALLERIES.
Mr. ANTIJONY. I offer the following reso-
lution .
Rsolved, That a committee of three be appointed by the
Chciu to constdei and icpoit what additional anangements
a'id legulatiouh are ncces-saiy to the preservation ot order
in the galleiies ofthe Senate.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask tht consideration of the resolution at this tune?
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is no objection.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CIIAKLES W. WELSH.
The VICE-PRESIDENT kid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the clerk of the Court
'of Claims, returning the papers in the case ot
Charles W. Welsh, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pay of chief clerk and that
of Secretary of the Navy during the time he acted
in the latter capacity; which, on motion of Air.
| Nicholson, was ordered to lie on the table.
DOMIXTOK COXROY.
Air. RICE. I now ask the consideration of the
resolution which I offered this morning. It is
merely to recommit a former resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate now to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution submitted by the Senator fiom
Minnesota? The Chair hears no objection. The
resolution will be read again for the information
of the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That the resolution of last ses-ion. making an
allowance to the widow ot Domimck Omiov. be tceom-
