1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS?
other Power than that of my sovereign State; and
shall return to her with the purpose to sustain
her action and to share her fortunes, for weal or
woe.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise, Mr. .President, for the
purpose of announcing to the Senate that I have
satisfactory evidence that the State of Mississippi,
by a solemn ordinance of her people in conven-
tion assembled, has declared her separation from
the United States. Under these circumstances,
of course ray functions are terminated here. It
has seemed to me proper, however, that I should
appear in the Senate to announce that fact to my
associates, and I will say but very little more.
The occasion does not invite me to go into argu-
ment; and my physical condition would not per-
mit me to do so if it were otherwise; and yet it
seems to become me to say something on the part
of the State I here represent, on an occasion so
solemn as this.
It is known to Senators who have served with
me here, that I have for many years advocated,
as an essential attribute of State sovereignty, the
right of a State to secede from the Union. There-
fore, if I had not believed there was justifiable
cause ; if I had thought that Mississippi was act-
ing without sufficient provocation, or without an
existing necessity, I should still, under my theory
of the Government, because of my allegiance to
the State of which I am a citizen, have been bound
by her action. I, however, may be permitted to
say that I do think she has justifiable cause, and
I approve of her act. I conferred with her people
before that act was taken, counseled them then
that if the state of things which they apprehended
should exist when the convention met, they should
take the action which they have now adopted.
I hope none who hear me will confound this
expression of mine with the advocacy of the right
of a State to remain 111 the Union, aiid to disre-
gard its constitutional obligations by the nullifica-
tion of the law. Such is not my theory. Nulli-
fication and secession, so often confounded, are
indeed antagonistic principles. Nullification's a
remedy which it is sought to apply within the
Union, and against the agent of the States. It is
only to be justified when the agent has violated
his constitutional obligation, and a State, assum-
ing to judge for itself, denies the right of the agent
thus to act, and appeals to the other States of the
Union for a decision; but when the States them-
selves, and when the people of the States, have
so acted as to convince us that they will not re-
gard our constitutional rights, then, and then for
the first time, arises the doctrine of secession in
its practical application.
A great man who now reposes with his fathers,
and who has been often arraigned for a want of
fealty to the Union, advocated the doctrine of nul-
lification, because it preserved the Union. It was
because of hisdeep-seated attachment to the Union,
his determination to find some remedy for exist-
ing ills short of a severance of the ties which
bound South Carolina to the other States, that
Mr. Calhoun advocated the doctrine of nullifica-
tion, which he proclaimed to be peaceful, to be
within tho limits of State power, not to disturb
the Union, but only to be a means of bringing the
agent before the tribunal of the States for their
judgment.
Secession belongs to a different class of rem-
edies. Itisto be justified upon the basis lhat the
States are sovereign. There was u time when
none denied it. Ihope the time may come again,
when a better comprehension of tho theory of our
Government, and tho inalienable rights of the
people of the States, will prevent any one from
denying that each State is a sovereign, and thus
may reclaim the grants which it has made to any
agent whomsoever.
I therefore say I concur in the action of the
people of Mississippi, believing it to be necessary
and proper, and should have been bound by their
action if my belief had been otherwise; and this
brings me to the important point which I wish on
this last occasion to present to the Senate. It is
by this confounding of nullification and secession
that the name of a great man, whose ashes now
mingle with his mother earth, has been invoked
to justify coercion against a scceded State. The
phrase " to execute The laws," was an expression
which General Jackson applied to the case of a
State refusing to obey the laws while yet a mem-
ber of the Union. Tliat is not the case which is
now presented. The laws are to be executed
over the United States, and upon the people of
the United States. They have no relation to any
foreign country. It is a perversion of terms, at
least it is a great misapprehension of the ca.se,
which cites that expression for application to a
State which has withdrawn from the Union. You
may make war 011 a foreign State. If it be the
purpose of gentlemen, they may make war against
a State which has withdrawn from the Union;
but there are no laws of the United States to be
executed within the limits of a seceded State. A
State finding herself in the condition in which
Mississippi has judged she is, in which her safety
requires that she should provide for the mainte-
nance of her rights out of the Union, surrenders
all the benefits, (and they are known to be many,)
deprivesherselfof the advantages, (they are known
to be great,) severs all the ties of affection, (and
they are close and enduring,) which have bound
her to the Union; and thus divesting herself of
every benefit, taking upon herself every burden,
she claims to be exempt from any power to ex-
ecute the laws of the United States within her
limits.
I well remember an occasion when Massachu-
setts was arraigned before the bar of the Senate,
and when then the doctrine of coercion was rife
and to be applied against her because of the res-
cue of a fugitive slave in Boston. My opinion
then was the same that it is now. Not in a spirit
of egotism, but to show that I am not influenced
in my opinion because the case is my own, I
refer to that time and that occasion as containing
the opinion which I then entertained, and on
which my present conduct is based. I then said,
if Massachusetts, following her through a stated
line of conduct, chooses to take the last step which
separates her from the Union, it is her right to go,
and I will neither vote one dollar nor one man to
coerce her back; but will say to her, God speed,
in memory of the kind associations which once
existed between her and the other States.
It has been a conviction of pressing necessity,
it has been a belief that we are to be deprived in the
Union of the rights which ourfathers bequeathed
to us, which has brought Mississippi into her
present decision. She has heard proclaimed the
theory that all men are created free and equal, and
this made the basis of an attack upon her social
institutions; and the sacred Declaration of Inde-
pendence has been invoked to maintain the posi-
tion of the equality of the races. That Declara-
tion of Independence is to be construed by the
circumstances and purposes for which it was
made. The communities were declaring their in-
dependence; the people of those communities were
asserting that no man was born—to use the lan-
guage of Mr. Jefferson—booted and spurred to
ride over the rest of mankind; that men were
created equal—meaning the men of tiie political
community; that there was no divine right to rule;
that 110 man inherited the right to govern; that
that there were no classes by which power and
place descended to families, but that all stations
were equally'within the grasp of each member of
the body-politic. These were the great princi-
ples they announced; these were the purposes for
which they made their declaration; these were
the ends to which their enunciation was directed.
They lmve no reference to the slave; else, how
happened it that among the items of arraignment
made against George III was that he endeavored
to do just what the North has been endeavoring
of late to do—to stir up insurrection among our
slaves? Had the Declaration announced that the
negroes were free and equal, how was the Prince
to he arraigned for stirring up insurrection among
them ? And how was this to be enumerated among
the high crimes which caused the colonies to sever
their connection with tho mother country ? When
our Constitution was formed, the same idea was
rendered more palpable, for there we find pro-
vision made for that very class of persons as prop-
erty; they were not put upon the footingof equality
with white men—not even upon that of paupers
and convicts; but, so far as representation was
concerned, were discriminated against as a lower
caste, only to be represented in the numerical
proportion of three fifths.
Then, Senators, we recur to the compact which
binds us together; we recur to the principles upon
which our Government was founded; and when
you deny them, and when you deny to us the
right to withdraw from a Government which thus
perverted threatens to"be destructiveof our rights,
we but tread in the path of our fathers when we
proclaim our independence, and take the hazard.
This is done not in hostility to others, not to in-
jure any section of the country, not even for our
own pecuniary benefit; but from -the-high and
solemn motive of defending_ and protecting' -.the
rights we inherited, and which it ia our sacred
duty to transmit unshorn to our children,
1 find in myself, perhaps, a type of the general
feeling of my constituents towards yours. I am
sure I feel no hostility to you, Senators from the
North. I am sure there is not one of you, what-
ever sharp discussion there may have been be-
tween us, to whom I cannotnow say,in the pres-
ence of my God, I wish you well; and such, I am
sure, is the feeling of the people whom I represent
towards those whom you represent. I therefore
feel that I but express their desire when 1 say I
hope, and they hope, for peaceful relations with
you, though we must part. They may be mu-
tually beneficial to us in the future, as they have
been in the past, if you so will it. The reverse
may bring disaster on every portion of the country;
and if you will have it thus, we will invoke the God
of ourfathers, who delivered them from the power
of the lion, to protect us from the ravages of-the
bear; and thus, putting our trust in God, andin
our own firm hearts and strong arms, we will vin-
dicate the right as best we may.
In the course of my service here, associated at
different times with a great variety of Senators, I
see now around me some with whom I have served
long; theie have been points of collision; but
whatever of offense there has been to me, I leave
here; I carry with me no hostile remembrance.
Whateveroffense I havegiven which has not been
redressed, or for which satisfaction has not been
demanded, I have, Senators, in this hour of our
parting, to offer you my apology for any pain
which, in heat of discussion, I have inflicted. I
go hence unencumbered of tho remembrance of
any injury received, and having discharged the
duty of making the only reparation in my power
for any injury offered.
Mr. Piesident, and Senators, having made the
announcement which the occasion seemed to me
to require, it only remains for me to bid you a .
final adieu. /
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. V
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
fixed for one o'clock is the joint resolution of the
Senator from Kentucky, (S. No. 54;) but the bill
for the admission of Kansas being the unfinished
business of Saturday, takes precedence.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of tho unfinished busi-
neTlie VICE PRESIDENT. It proceeds to do
so without a motion.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Green, to add to the bill additional sections
for the organization of the Territory of Jefferson.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I had a fair
hearing on Saturday of all the amendments I pro-
posed, and I shall not renew them. I see it is
the settled judgment of a majority of the Senate
to pass this bill without amendment; but I must
take this occasion to say that 1 moved these
amendments in good faith; I thought they would
improve the bill and better promote the public in-
terests, and especially the interests of Kansas.
They, however, failed; and while under the rules
of tho body I should have a right to renew them
when we get out of the Committee of the Whole
and get into the Senate, I shall not do so, for I am
satisfied the judgment of a majority of the Senate,
is against them. I had intended, on Saturday,to
make a general speech on the questions of the
day. I will not now do that. I will postpone it
to some other, perhaps more suitable, occasion;
but I must be permitted to make this remark:
that the only object I had 011 Saturday, in desir-
ing a postponement, was to have a more full Sen-
ate, so as to give every Senator an opportunity
to vote upon the question this morning. Now,
as the bill comes up with the amendment pend-
ing, if the Senate will give me leave, I will with-
