488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
drawtheamendment. ["Leave!" "Leave! ] Ido
noi wish to prejudice the question itself. Jeffer-
son Territory ought to be organized; but many
of the Senators in favor of the bill advise me that
they win,at the proper time, vote for it, if I bring
it up as a separate measure. For that puipose,
I withdraw the amendment, with the leave of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have not been ordered, nor has any amendment
been moved to the amendment; and therefore the
Senator has a right to withdraw it. If no amend-
ment be offered, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I shall renew the amendment
which I offered to this bill on Saturday. The vote
was then too close to satisfy me that a majority
of the Senate were determined not to adopt it. It
is weil known,Mr.President,that nearlyall ofour
present lamentable sectional difficulties are con-
nected with the disposition of ourTerritories, and
particularly with two questions in relation to those
Territories. One of these is the right of a Terri-
torial Legislature to abolish slavery. Another,
the existence or non-existence of that institution
withm the Territories, by virtue, as it has been
claimed by some of the Representatives of the
southern States-, of the Constitution. Both of
these questions are now pending before appropri-
ate judicial tribunals; and unless the refusal upon
the part of the members of the Senate on the op-
posite sideof the Chamber to adopt the amendment
which 1 have offered lets one of these questions
fall, they will both be before the Supreme Court
in a short time. Certainly, sir, it is desirable
they should both be finally adjudicated; for, not-
withstanding the declaration of Senators upon the
opposite side of the Chamber that, in the Dred
Scott case, these questions were not decided, and
only an opinion—an obiter dictum—of the court
given in relation to them, I can but hope those
Senators are as willing they should be decided as
are Senators upon this side, and will be equally
loyal to the decision whenever it shall be made.
One of these points has been decided by a Uni-
ted States court in Kansas Territory, and I may
be excused for feeling some interest in having
that case decided in the highest court, because
^iere is stili another point involved in it which
was the subject of colloquy during the last ses-
sion between the Senator from Mississippi, who
then sat on my right, [Mr. Brown,] and myself.
That Senator, it wili be remembered, asked for
congressional protection of slavery in the Terri-
tories". In common with the Senator from Louis-
iana. [Mr. Benjamin,] I took the position that no
such congressional protection was required; that
if slavery existed, as he claimed, by virtue of the
Constitution, in the Territories, the common law
afforded all the leinedies he ought to desire. The
case in the Kansas teiritorial court was a suit at
common law. The Territorial Legislature hav-
ing prohibited slavery, a slave escaped from her
owner, and was reclaimed upon a common law
writ—a writ of replevin, as I think the legal pro-
fession calls it. The defense was, thqt, the Terri-
torial Legislature having abolished slavery, no
such property existed within thatTerritory. The
judgment of the court was, that the action of the
Territorial Legislature was unconstitutional. If
this case goes 10 the Supreme Court, then one of
these controverted points which, at this moment,
are shaking the Government to its foundation,
wili be finally decided one way or the other.
There is at this time, I am informed, in Chi-
cago, another ease in which is involved the ques-
tion of the existence or non-existence, theoreti-
cally, of slavery in a common Territory by virtue
of the Constitution, or of common ownership.
There a fugitive has been rescued, and the de-
fense is that she escaped from Nebraska, a Ter-
ritory in which there was no local law recogniz-
ing or protecting slavery, anu that therefore no
suchpropertycxisted within thatTerritory. The
bill, of course, now before the Senate for the ad-
mission of Kansas, does not affect this lattercase;
but it does the former, and a very vital one.
Now, when Senators over the way see only on
one side the wishes of a population as limited as
that of Kansas, and upon the other a Union about
to crumble to fragments* because, perhaps, of a
want, mainly, of decision on these specific points,"
will they hesitate ? "Which is of the most import-
ance, to procure an early decision of this question,
or to hurry the admission of Kansas two, three,
or four days earlier, at the expense, perhaps, of
preventing a decision altogether? This is what
is involved in the amendment: on the one side,
a prompt appeal to the Supreme Court, and an
early decision of an important controverted point;
on the other side, a delay in accoiding the wishes
of a limited population in a remote Territory—
upon theoneside,amere bleeding Kansas; on the
other, a bleeding Union. I have nothing further
to say on this subject. I promised Saturday
that I would not debate it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to remark that
there is no such question involved as a delay in
the settlement of this judicial question to which
the Senator refers. No one proposes to do any
act by which the suit pending shall be delayed.
On both sides it is proposed that there shall be
such legislation as shall preserve that case in its
order. If the case shall continue in the United
States court, there is no probability that it can be
reached in one, two, or three years, in the due
order of proceeding in that court; hence, all the
arguments made about delay fall to the ground,
for it docs not involve a deiay of one instant of
time. It is only a question whetherthis bill shall
be sent back to the House of Representatives by
an amendment that will delay the admission of
the State. I understand gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber to say that they intend to
bring in a bill at once to establish the United States
judiciary for that new State, and to make provision
for the preservation of all the cases.
Mr. COLLAMER. That can be preserved.
Mr. DOUGLAS. All that can be preserved
under the Constitution of the United States. I
think we can trust those assurances, especially
when they have as much interest in that line of
policy, in my opinion, as any men in the world.
They certainly do not desire to leave that State
without a judiciary system for twelve months;
and, unless they pass it, and have it approved be-
fore the 4th of [March, there can be nojudieiary
system there until next winter.
Mr. COLLAMER. Ofthe United States cases.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of the United States cases.
I take it forgranted there is no question of delay-
ing the judicial decision; but the question is as
to delaying the act of admission. For that rea-
son I am utterly opposed to any amendment of
the bill; but I renew the pledge I have heretofore
made: bring up your bill to-morrow, or to-day,
for establishing a judicial system, and 1 will vote
to put k right through, without the slightest de-
lay, and I shall think that gentlemen on the other
side act very strangely after what they have said,
if they do not vote so too.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I respond
entirely to what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Illinois. I want to meet*this ques-
tion ofthe admission of Kansas upon its merits;
and I do not want to meetcollateral or incidental
questions any longer in connection with Kansas,
if there is any community in this country which
is entitled to any right at the hands of the Con-
gress of the United States, it is the people of
Kansas to be admitted into this Union now, and
to be admitted after complying, as they have done,
in good faith and fully, with all the customary
requirements to which the people of the Territo-
ries are subjected when they apply to Congress
to allow them to change their condition from a
Temtory to that of oneoftheStatesof the Union.
This proceeding is sought to be embarrassed
by connecting with it a proposition to organize a
judicial district in the State. It is unusual; it is
unnecessary; it can be done separately and dis-
tinctly; and that is the prevailing custom which
has been applied in such cases. If we depart now
from that custom, and incorporate that provision
into this bill, it sends Kansas back to the House
of Representatives, after we have kept her wait-
ing here one whole year for admission. A year
ago the House of Representatives sent us a bill to
admit Kansas. If we had conditions to annex;
if we' had incidents to take care of, it ought to
have been done a year ago and not now.
The proposition to organize this judicial dis-
trict is magnified by the circumstance that there
are suits which may fall. Those suits practically
have just exactly the value which every suit be-
tween individuals has in the Territories. Stand-
ing upon personal rights, it is our duty to save
all that can be saved of judicial rights and reme-
dies. I am prepared to do that. I am not pre-
pared to make an exception from the customary
practice for the purpose of sustaining this partic-
ular interest of a public nature, which is supposed
to depend upon the result of private litigation in
these cases. As the honorable Senator fiom Illi-
nois has said, I respond, you may bring in your
bill to-day for the organization of a judicial dis-
trict in Kansas, and I will vote for it; and I will
vote to save every remedy which can be saved,
regardless of the consequences, whether the judg-
ment which is to be pronounced be for or against
the principles which I maintain in the adminis-
tration of the Government.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, the Senator from
New York says that any proposition—any extra-
neous one, as I believe he designates this—in con-
nection with this bill, should have been brought
in a year ago. The Senator's memory is very
treacherous, unless he recollects that this was
brought in a year ago, or whenever the bill came
before the Senate, and has been pending from that
hour to this. It was printed simultaneously with
other amendments to the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Indiana 
Mr. FITCH. I had not finished.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg pardon.
Mr. F1TC11. I yield, of coursc.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Indiana misunderstands me, or else I fail to ex-
plain myself. I do not complain that this is a new-
proposition. What I say is, that Kansas was
entitled to admission last year, and that all these
questions ought to have been made last year, and
disposed of, and not have delayed the whole ques-
tion until this time, and now send the bill back to
the House of Representatives for the purpose of
securing conditions which ought to have been
considered, together with the bill itself, upon its
merits, and acted upon then.
Mr. FITCH. And, Mr. President, as to the
other cause for opposition mentioned by the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois, that the amendment will delay
the passage ofthe bill by rendering it necessary
to send it back to the House of Representatives,
do Senators distrust their own political associates
m that wing of the Capitol, now in an overwhelm-
ing majority? With this amendment, the bill
will not necessarily be delayed two days. The
only question would be about bringing it up in
the order of business. If Senators on the oppo-
site side of the Chamber and the Senator from
Illinois are so willing that a judicial district shall
be created in Kansas,and pending suits kept alive,
why not do it now, when we know the passage
of this bill is beyond thepossibility of doubt, and
there is doubt about the passage of any separate
judiciary bill ? I do not doubt the sincerity of the
Senator from Illinois or of the Senators on the
other side of this- Chamber in their expression of
willingness to pass such bill; but they cannot
pledge themselves for the action ofthe other House;
and while they are unable to thus pledge them-
selves, they well know the importance attached to
the early admission of Kansas by their political
associates in that end of the Capitol is such that
an amendment of this reasonable character will
not delay its passage, as I have already said, be-
yond a day or two.
Then, if there is a willingness to keep the im-
portant suit to which I have alluded alive, that it
may finally be decided in the Supreme Court, if
theie is that willingness to create a judicial dis-
trict, why not evince that willingness by adopt-
ing the amendment? I certainly had a right to
expect that the Senator from Illinois would assent
to it; but I do not know that I have any right to
expect that Senators on the opposite side of the
Chamber will. They have manifested so little
dispositiou of a conciliatory character in relation
to oursectional troubles,that I have little expecta-
tion they will, by act or vote, keep alive a suit
in which a great question, against which they
have contended, is involved,and which is likely,
through this amendment, to be decided contrary
to their views.
Mr. GREEN. There is this other considera-
tion: the trouble is in regard to the order of busi-
ness in the House of Representatives. We know
what their rules are; and we know the difficulty
of bringing a question up' for consideration. I
