1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the Union,and it assumes that the State of Texas
has acceded, and therefore, as a logical inference,
that she is no longer entitled to representation in
this body. 1 musi be so unfortunate, if it be unfor-
tunate, as to differ from the Senator from North
Carolina in regard to the whole theory of our
Constitution and Government. I do not believe
that any State of this Union has any right, any
power, under the Constitution, to secede, to take
itself out of the Union of these States, which go
to make up the United States of America. I differ
widely and radically from all who entertain any
such view of our Constitution and Government as
that, and it appears to me to be a claim altogether
monstrous. That this Government is one of power
and authority; that no State in this Confederacy
has any right, under the Constitution, to go out
and cease to be a member of this Federal Union,
is a proposition which is to me as clear as any-
thing can be which is not absolutely self-evident.
I am not, however, about to enter into an argu-
ment on the question. I am persuaded that, if
I were to endeavor to convince gentlemen who en-
tertain the opposite view, and many do, whose
opinions perhaps ought to be more weighty than
mine, I should not he able to succeed in convinc-
ing them of their error. We entertain so precisely
opposite and antagonistic views of law and Gov-
ernment and our Constitution, that any argument
of mine oranyreasoningof mine would be wholly
lost upon them, as I am free to say, theirs would
be on me. We might just as well reason with
each other in a foreign language, which the oxie
understood and the other did not, and wc should
succecd just as well in convincing each other of
our error on the one side and of the correctness of
the opposite opinion.
That there is no such thing as secession known
to our Constitution, seems to me a proposition too
plain to be argued, altogether too plain and man-
ifest a truth to admit ot^a doubt: and, intending
no disrespect to gentlemen whom I have heard
here and elsewhere avow the opposite opinion, I
must be permitted to say that 1 have never heard
an argument to sustain that claim which seemed
to mo even to be entitled to the epithet of plausi-
ble, not coming up even to sophistry. It seems
to me a construction of this Constitution that
would arrive at such results would expurgate any
one of the articles in it; and that it could be done
by just as good reasoning as that the doctrine of
secession could be sustained as being the doctrine
of the Constitution. It certainly is not among
those poweis which are spoKen of, or cnumeiated,
as among the reserved powers. It is utterly incon-
sistent with the id^a of the Government's holding
together for a single day beyond the will and
pleasure of these separate States. It does not con-
template existence for one year, if that doctrine is
true.
Many of the powers granted in the Constitu-
tion to the General Government, in the most ex-
press and solemn form, cannot be carried out if
this doctrine is admitted. Look at some of the
express powers which aiv granted ; and, as a sin-
gle lllustiatjon—for, as I said, I do not mean to
pursue tins matter at any length—take the powiu*
to establish post offices and post roads; one of the
powers granted in the Constitution of the coun-
try to the Congress of the United States. Admit
the right of secession, and suppose that the two
States of Pennsylvania and New Jersey think
proper to withdraw from the Union—to secede—
and all the other Slates choose to remain together
and are loyal, what is to be done with the post
offices and post roads? It is an express power
in the Constitution, as clearly grant* d as terms
can give the authority: but these two States—the
one bordering upon the lakes, and the other upon
the occan-—could cut off all the States north and
east from the west and south; and thus by their
secession Congress is pi evented, on this view, ft om
ever sending a mail from the States north of Penn-
sylvania to the States south, except by the ocean,
or during the summer months, if they can get
through the lakes, when they aic not frozen, with-
out molesting Pennsylvania, they may then get
at the West; but there is an effectual stop put to I
the power of Congress to establish post roads |
throughout the United States, by the simple seces- j
sion of two States cutting the Confederacy in two,
and no power to send a mail through them any j
more than there is through Canada. lonlyallude i
to this as one of the manifest contradicr ions, owl, j
I must say,absurdities, in which the whole instru-
ment which we call the Constitution of the United
States, is involved, if we admit for one moment
the right of secession.
Whether or not Texas has seceded from the
Union, I am not informed; I do not know—1
mean seceded by a vote of the people, or some-
body claiming to represent the people; but whether
that State has or has not seceded from the Union,
so far as any measures of that sort are concerned,
would make, in my opinion, no difference. I
should hold that the Senator was still entitled to
his seat for all that, and that on perfectly clear
and constitutional grounds. The State of Texas,
by her Legislature, elected the Senator for a period
of time which has not yet elapsed. She had the
power, under the Constitution to elcct him, and
she exercised it. He comes here and becomes
duly qualified, and takes his seat. Can the State,
by withdrawing from the Union now, withdraw
him from this body? No, Mr. President; he is
entitled to his seat, so far as the action of the
State is concerned, and entitled under constitu-
tional authority from the State which he here rep-
resents; and the State, I repeat, has no power,
legally or constitutionally, to withdraw him from
the Senate during the constitutional period of his
term. The State, as such, cannot be recognized
by the Constitution as attempting to withdraw
him from this body, or to withdraw herself from
the Union called the United States of America.
I know it is asked, as though there was some
force in it, " Is not this a Government of the peo-
ple; is ^ot our Declaration of Independence, is
not our Constitution, based upon the idea that the
people are competent for self-government, and that
when aform of government becomes odious to the
people, when it ceases to effect the results neces-
sary for the safety and protection of the people,
and to satisfy them as a government, they have a
right to alter or to abolish it?" This is asked in
a triumphant way, as though that established the
correctness of the idea of this doctrine of secession
by a State; but it does no such thing. This right
of secession docs not at all rest upon the principle
that the people rule,and are entitled to rule by the
theory of our Government. How do the people
rule, Mr. President? Do they rule by their mere
breath from day to day? Is it understood, when
we say that the people rule, thata majority of the
people of the country control its affaus from day
to day, and make laws and constitutions of gov-
ernment at then mere will and pleasure-? Is that
what is meant when wc are asked, " Is not this a
Government of the people?" If that is what is
meant, I must say, for one, that I do not under-
stand our Government to be based on any such
idea as that, and I do not believe in any such gov-
ernment of the people as that. Such a Govern-
ment as that is simply the most despotic and odi-
ous form of government with which mankind have
ever been afflicted, from the beginning of creation
to this day, the most tyrannical, the most dan-
gerous, the most fearful. What 1 mean by the
will of the people, and what I suppose men who
are really friends to liberty and law mean by the j
will of the people, is the will of the people ex-
pressed under the Constitution and according to
the forms of law; and in such a Government of
the people as that I glory; under such a Govern-
ment I hope to live; and for such a Government,
if the exigencies of the case call for it, I am ready i
to die. But I have no love and no lespcct for a
Government of the people unrestrained by a Con-
stitution, unrestrained bylaw, simply depending
on the breath of the populace; and I do not be-
lieve that any man who loves liberty can advocate
such a Government. The will of one despot is
generally found grinding, tyrannical, and odious
enough; but the will of one despot is perfect free-
dom to the will and tyranny and despotism of
such a Government of the people as I have at-
tempted briefly to describe.
Now,sir, I donotthink that the substitute meets
the question at all. I know of no right that we
have to say here that the State of Texas has se-
ceded from the confederacy of States and no longer
belongs to the United States of America. We cer-
tainly have hod no official notice, as it is some-
times called, of such a transaction; but if we had,
I say it is a nullity, and if the Slate has with-
drawn herself from this Confederacy, and gives
us, what is caiied m courtesy, official notice of
such nn event, what right have we to say that she
is no longer entitled to representatives in this
body? She has said, in a constitutional form, that
she has elected members here for a given time,
and that period has not yet expired; and what
right have we to shorten the time? What right
have we to say that members, sitting here under
her commission for a specific time, are not enti-
tled to sit during that time, and until it is fully ex-
pired ? I feel clothed with no such authority. I
am not aware on what grounds the Senator from
North Carolina claims that we can say to mem-
bers sitting here under commissions from their
States, the period of service not yet expired, that
they are no longer entitled to seats here. I must
vote against that; because, as it seems to me, it
does not at all meet the necessities of the case; but
meets another state of facts, which may exist or
may not. If it does not exist, the Senator would
not claim that the substitute ought to pass; and if
it does exist, it does not better the matter, in my
mind, one jot or tittle.
Without going into this question at length, or
discussing the very grave and high matters which,
incidentally or otherwise, may be brought into
the discussion, I have only to say that I trust the
solution may receive the action of the Senate,
the substitute first, and the resolution afterwards.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Connecticut has made a very good
argumentagainsthis own resolution. If his argu-
ment be tiue,I think it is conclusive that his res-
olution ought not to be adopted; but there is a
misunderstanding, perhaps, between us in relation
to the facts. If we are to credit the newspapers,
the State of Texas has called a convention, and
that convention has passecf an ordinance of seces-
sion, and submitted it to the people, and it has
been ratified, it is stated, by a very large vote.
That is the opinion entertained by the Senator
from Texas, and it is my opinion about the facts,
and probably the opinion of most gentlemen here.
If that be true, and that be a valid act, and the
State of Texas be no longer one of the United
States, clearly my resolution is proper enough,
and not the resolution of the Senator. When we
decide for any cause of law or fact that a person
upon this floor, claiming to be a Senator, is not
entitled to a scat here, he is never expelled. How
was it when, a few years ago, the Senate decided
that a Senator from Iowa, who claimed a seat, was
not entitled t Did anybody propose to expel him?
Repeatedly the Senate and House of Representa-
tives have decided that those who came here and
attempted to act as members of the body, were not
entitled fo seats; but nobody ever thought of expel-
ling them on that ground.
I need not, I am sure, dilate on this point of
view; for I take it for granted the Senator agrees
with me, that if the State of Texas has in fact
ceased to be one of the United States, we should
simply say so, and declare that she is no longer
entitled to be represented. But the Senator argues
that this act is invalid. Take it to be true; sup-
pose Texas has no right, no power to sccede, and
in fact has not seceded: then the Senator before
me [Mr. Wiofai.l] is entitled to be here as a
member of the body, unless you argue that his
erroneous opinion upon that fact disqualifies him.
Now, let us look at it for a moment. The Sen-
ator from Texas thinks that his State has se-
ceded, and that he is no longer a Senator. That is
hisopinion as a matter of constitutional law. The
Senator from Connecticut, on the other side, says
that he is mistaken in that point. Well, sir, was
it ever pretended that you would expel a Senator
for a mistake upon a legal question ? I ask Sen-
ators all around, was it ever maintained, that.be-
cause a Senator differed with a majority upon a
constitutional question, however important, that
was a reason for expelling him from the body? I
do not think so. The Senate may overrule him;
they may take such action as to show him, that
in their judgment he is mistaken, and then he
may feel bound to conform to their action, and
may do so.
The Senator from Connecticut says that seces-
sion is a monstrous idea. I admit that you might
expel a Senator, perhaps, for having some mon-
strous idea, which showed that he was not capa-
ble of acting as one of the body. If, for exam-
ple, a Senator were to entertain the opinion that
the moon was made of green cheese, or some
other absurdity, we might come to the conclusion
that he had not intellect enough to act upon this
