1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
believe that a separate bill to organize that State
into a judicial district would pass, if it could get
a hearing, not only in this Chamber, but in the
House of Representatives. We can get a hear-
ing in this body; but there is great difficulty in
getting a hearing in that body. You .cannot move
to suspend the rules, except bn ^sne day; and it
takes two thirds to carry that suspension. If we
pass the bill, it will never be reached in the House
of Representatives; but if we put this amendment
in this bill, itof necessity comes up asadisagree-
ing vote between the two Houses, and has to be
passed upon by it; and thus it insures thepassage
of it, if it meets the concurrence of a majority
there; whereas a judiciary bill cannot be passed,
unless two thirds agree to suspend the rules for
the purpose; and then only on Monday, when a
motion to suspend the rules would be in order.
There is, therefore, manifest propriety, as the
thing itself is right, and as all concede it to bo
right, to put it on this bill; for that insures its con-
sideration in the House of Representatives.
Again: it cannot possibly delay the bill. Talk
about keeping Kansas out of the Union! It is
not done to keep Kansas out of the Union. It is
a total misapprehension of the design of the mover.
Not a single amendment has been proposed for
the purpose of keeping Kansas out of the Union.
Suppose it shall delay it until to-morrow morn-
ing: how much barm will be done? We pro-
mote a great public good by providing means to
enforce the laws; and then we may, with propri-
ety, say, "the Union, the Constitution, and the
enforcement of the laws."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion on the proposed amendment?
Mr. FITCH. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Hitler, Bia<rg, Bright,
Clingninn, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, II unto, Ivei^on,
Johnson of Alkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, i'olk, Towel!,
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson, and
Wlgtall—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle,
Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Ilale,
Harlan, King, Morrill, Sevvaid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time; and on the question, " Shall the
bill pass?"
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY. I wish to say, before the
vote is announced, that I was desirous of explain-
ing my vote on this bill. 1 do not rise tn do so
now. I only wish to say, as I voted against the
admission of Kansas and Minnesota on the same
ground that I object to this, it was on that point
that I desired to make some remarks.
The result was then announced—yeas 36, nays
16; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Biglcr, Bingham,
Bright, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitell, Foot,
Foster. Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Latham, Morrill. Pugh, Rice, Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Evck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Clingfnan, Green,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Ken-
nedy, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Slidell,
and Wi«fall—16.
So the bill was passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 19th instant, the following bill and
joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 539) to continue in force an act
therein mentioned relating to the port of Balti-
more; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to permit the owners
of the steamboat John C. Fremont to change the
name of the same to that of Horizon.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to inquire what is the
next special order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thenextbusi-
ncss before the Senate is the joint resolution (S.
No. 54) proposing certain amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, introduced by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
the question pending being on the amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. j!jGurj(} to
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark.] ■
Mr. BIGLER. After the solemn srane pre-
sented here this morning, I confess I scarcely have
the heart to approach the consideration of this
subject. The solicitude—the universal and sol-
emn solicitude, not to say alarm, that pervades
the popular mind in my State, touching the pres-
ent distracted and imperiled condition of the
country, and the importunities which reach me
daily on that absorbing topic, must plead my apol-
ogy to the Senate for the expression of my opin-
ions and feelings at this time. I shall probably
never claim their attention again, and 1 shall be
as brief as I properly can. It is mainly my pur-
pose to deal with the eventful and inauspicious
present, and, as far as that is possible, with the
m ysterious and gloomy future of our country and
Government.
I shall not repeat at length the oft-told and fa-
miliar stories of the establishment of colonies on
thiscontinent; of their early history; their doings
and sufferings, their progress and prosperity; of
the means by which they were induced to embrace
the institution now the subjectof unhappy, if not
fatal, controversy between'the States of the Con-
federacy; nor how those colonies in the course of
time threw off their allegiance to the mother coun-
try; how their representatives assembled at Inde-
pendence Hall, at Philadelphia, in 1776, and ab-
solved themselves from their former allegiance to
Great Britain; how the people of all the States,
north and south, made common cause in the pri-
vations and sufferings that followed; how, after a
struggle of seven years, their independence was
fully established; how they formed a Confederacy
of States for the mutual benefit of all; how and
why that Confederacy failed to answer the pur-
poses for which it was designed; and how, in 1787,
these thirteen sepai ate and independent States, by
their representatives, assembled in convention at
Philadelphia, in order to "form a more perfect
Union, establish justice,insuredomestictranquil-
lity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty;" nor how, in that work, Madison, Ran-
dolph, Pinckney, Rutledge, and others of the
South, and Franklin,Sherman,Gerry, Paterson,
and others of the North, sat side by side, day
after day, in solemn conclave over the affairs of
the nation; how the individuality of the States
was preserved and distinguished; how each ex-
pressed its views by a single vote, the smallest
being equal to the greatest; and how it was agreed
that when nine out of the thirteen should unite on
conditions of a more perfect Union, that that
Union should supersede the old form of Govern-
ment, and ho binding on those States only who
might adopt it, leaving the opportunity for four
of those independent parties to remain as separate
States or sovereignties outside of the new Union.
Nor need I relate the history of the acceptance
of those new conditions, or call attention to the
extreme caution and qualification with which they
were accepted by New York, Virginia, and other
States, and how Rhode Island and North Caro-
lina remained out of the new Confederacy for two
years or more, and were noticed by Congress as
separate and independent Powers; nor more than
state the political problem about amending the
Constitution, to show what care was taken to re-
tain power in the States over the popular will of
the whole mass of people of all the States, con-
sisting in the fact that amendments to the Consti-
tution can be defeated by the votps of one thirti-
eth of the electors of the United'States, and atthe
same time thatamemlments can be carried against
the will ofthe majority. This would beby the small
States, to the number of one fourth, uniting against
the large States, and by a close vote within each
State; on the other hand, the united vote of one
fourth of the largest States, cast together, would
make more than a majority of all the votes, whilst
the remaining three fourths would carry the
amendment.
Nor, sir, need I tell the story of the subsequent
career of our country under this new compact;
how it has grown, as it were, by magic, from
thirteen feeble colonies, with three million in-
habitants, to thirty-three independent sovereign
States, embracing a population of over thirty-one
million. Nor how all the members of- the Con-
federacy, and the people, North and Sqpth, made
common cause, in 1812, against a foreign foe,
contributing, with unsurpassed zeal and gener-
osity, money for the common Treasury, and men
for the field of battle; and how those men stood
or fell together. Nor 'how, at a later date in the
history of the country, iri the war with Mexico,
northern and southern men rushed with unsur-
passed zeal to the flag of the country, and fol-
lowed it, and planted it wherever the rights and
the honor of the nation required. Then there was
no talk of North and South, of East and West;
none of slaveocracy, and none of sectionalism.
All was forgotton in the common cause of the
country. Away down at Vera Cruz, beneath the
rays of a tropical sun, were beheld the northern
and the southern soldier and sailor in cordial fel-
lowship and cooperation. And then, again, on
the rugged highways toward the City of Mexico,
was heard the steady tread of the Palmetto boy,
and the Pennsylvania volunteer, side by side and
shoulder to shoulder, moving against a foreign
foe with unfaltering zeal and courage. No thought
of domestic feud or geographical distinctions dis-
turbed that harmonious band. Their thoughts
turned to the triumph and glory of the arms of a
common country. Nor, sir, need I call to mind
the distinguished heroes and patriots ofthe Revo-
lution, and of the subsequent struggles, to show
that the South equally with the North, and the
North equally with the South, have contributed to
establish our independence, and to build up our
great country and Government.
Nor, Mr. President, is it my purpose to trace
in minute and elaborate detail tlie inauspicious
events of the last fifteen years, which have brought
ouronce happy country to the very verge of civil
war and its countless horrors and ravages. A
glance at each of these is enough for my pur-
pose. One after another they have followed so
closely down the current of time that the popular
mind has seldom had time to become composed,
whilst it has often been so agitated and maddened
that reason and judgment have yielded to passion
and prejudice.
Nor, sir, shall I attempt to trace the history of
these events with the view of fastening the re-
sponsibility on this party or on that, by an elab-
orate array of historical facts? I shall only look
at these things so far as it may seem necessary to
impress men with a sense of their full responsibil-
ities to the country in the present critical epoch, and
for this purpose only. On these points the pop-
ular judgment is too far matured to be disturbed
by any argument of mine. Nor is it essential to
my purpose to know what that judgment is. The
Union must be saved, no matter whose measures
and policy have endangered it. The country must
be rescued from the disasters of civil war and an-
archy, no matter whose folly and madness have
produced the impending peril. History will take
care of this. And as for the public men of the
present day, it were wiser for them to think of
what history is to say of them, than to indulge in
dreamy anticipations about the White House,
first class missions, and Cabinet places. They
have a chance for glorious or inglorious history,
but none, none, sir, to gain the great prize of
American ambition. If the statesmen of the pres-
ent day, the men of these presents, should prove
themselves incapable of performing the great mis-
sion of preserving the institutions transmitted to
them by the fathers, the sooner their names are
forgotten the brighter will be their country's his-
tory.
The fundamental cause of the imperiled condi-
tion of the country is the institution of African
servitude, or rather the unnecessary hostility to
that institution on the part of those who have no
connection with it, no duties to perform about it,
and no responsibilities to bear as to the right or
wrong of it. Each event, touching the extension,
contraction, or control of this institution, as it has
piesented itself, has added to the mutual exasper-
ation and strife between the North and the South,
until men have become convinced that to have
peace, as to all things else, the North and the
South must be completely separated as to this in-
stitution of slavery. From 1820 to 1845 we had
