490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comparative peace, except only the agitation kept
up by a small band of Abolitionists, in the North,
who wrote and harangued against colonization,
and in favorof immediate and unconditional eman-
cipation of African slaves everywhere. But the
annexation of Texas—they say she will need an-
nexing again soon—the consequent war with Mex-
ico, and the acquisition of new territory, renewed
the strife in Congress once more; and by 1850
the country witnessed a scene not entirely dissim-
ilar to that which now surrounds us. The first
attempt at adj ustment was that of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] on the basis of the plan
Which had given the country peace in 1820; but
it is matter of history that this proposition was
Voted against by the northern members of both
branches of Congress, with few exceptions, and
defeated. The anti-slavery men opposed its adop-
tion in 1820; resisted its extension to the Pacific
ocean in 1848; and contended against its repeal in
1854. This means of adjustment being rejected,
another was absolutely necessary; and the com-
promise measures of 1850 were the offspring of
the wisest heads and the purest hearts in°the
land. But the peace that followed was brief.
The legislation of 1854 in some measure renewed
the excitement; and the cotemporaneous organ-
ization of a sectional, anti-slavery party, since
known as the Republican party, gave embodiment
and force to the new agitation. Next came the
struggle between the North and the South for as-
cendency in Kansas, with its countless excesses,
outrages, usurpations, seditions, and crimes; next
the struggle about the admission of the State of
Kansas; and in 1858 came the era of the dogma
of an "irrepressible conflict" between the insti-
tutions of the States, enunciated by the President
elect, Mr. Lincoln, and the distinguished Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward.] Then followed
the J oh n Brown raid on the State of Virginia; and
next the developments of the mischievous doc-
trines of the Helper book, indorsed by sixty-nine
members of Congress; and the vote of sixty Re-
publican members of Congicss for the Blake res-
olution, to say nothing of the unjust and highly
offensive attack made on southern men and south-
ern institutions, in this body, by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] Since then the
sectional party of whose origin I have spoken
have carried the elections in the North like a tor-
nado; and now their Presidentelect, with the dog-
mas of his party as his guide, is awaiting the 4th
of March to take possession of the (Government;
and though a million of men more voted against
than for him, he is constitutionally elected, and
must hold the office.
The southern people, to a great extent, believe
that those dogmas aie to b  carried out by the in-
coming Administration, and that they are incon-
sistent with the constitutional rights of the peo-
ple of fifteen of the sovereign States of the Union;
that those fifteen States are to bo deprived of their
just lights under the Constitution, and thereby
rendered less than equals in the Confederacy,
which constitutes, in their opinion, a degree of
dishonor and humiliation to which they will not
submit, preferring the dissolution of tlie Union,
and some say, even civil war, pestilence, and
famine. South Carolina already denies her alle-
giance to the United Slates; and Florida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Georgia, have also in sol-
emn convention declared their determination to !
thi ow oft their allegiance to this Government, and j
resist its authority; and the ten vacant seats on
this side tell the story of the progress of the rev-
olution in terms more significant than anv I can
employ. Meanwhile, mutual jealousy, discord,
and strife, are inflaming the whole land. So stand
parties arrayed, and so stand the affairs of our
distracted country at this hour
Ourmission—a holy and sacred one—is to avert
the impending calamities. Our task is to perpet-
uate the institutions left us by the fathers. Are
we equal to it? Can it be performed? Will it
bo performed? What sacrifices will it require ?
.taiist countless treasure be expended, and rivers
of blood be shed? No, sir; none of these things;
none of the priceless sacrifices made for its estab-
lishment are necessary—none, sir. It only re-
quires that opinion, party, and prejudice should
be mutually abandoned to attain the priceless end.
No man's honor or conscience need be harmed in
this sacred work.
I have previously declared the- opinion that the
proper and safe mode of doing this, could that be
brought about with sufficient promptitude to meet
the exigencies of the times, would be a conven-
tion of the States—I mean all the States—to meet
as our fathers met in Philadelphia in 1787. A
body thus constituted would reflect the real sen-
timents of the people, and the cool judgment and
patriotism#of the land; and I cannot doubt that
the resuljfwould be the adoption of new bonds of
Union, under which all the States could live for
many generations in harmony, if not till the end
of time. But the crisis is upon us; the exigencies
admit of no delay. The dissatisfied States demand
immediate assurance of justice and equality within
the Union, and the return of good will and frater-
nity among the people, else they separate at once,
and possibly forever, from the Government of the
United States, whatever the hazards or sacrifices
may be. Action—prompt action and thorough,
is imperatively demanded on all sides. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Kentucky to take the
sense of the people immediately on measures of
adjustment, which, it is believed, would arrest the
progress of dissolution, and ultimately restore
peace and good will, is, to my mind, the most
auspicious step we can take. I am of those who
believe his measures will be accepted by the north-
ern people, whatever the politicians may say or
do to the contrary; and why should they not be
submitted? Why should we not make at least
this effort to save the Union? In God's name,
are we to stand idly by and see this great Gov-
ernment broken into fragments, and possibly the
whole nation plunged into an internecine war? If
there be not statesmanship, love of country, mag-
nanimity, and justice enough in Congress to save
the Government, let us say so to the people, and
call upon them to come to the rescue. But why
should any man object to the reference of this
question to the popular will in the several States;
or who will say that he will not obey that will,
whatever it may be? Certainly no Senator will
assume ground so untenable. I can readily see
why Senators might be unwilling to accept these
propositions for the people; but I can see nojust
leason for refusing the people the opportunity to
accept them for themselves and for their repre-
sentatives. _ Does any man doubt the intelligence
and patriotism of the people; or will any one say
he does not seek the counsel and advice of his
constituents in these times of trouble? It seems
to me that Senators on the other side, whether
the propositions of the Senator from Kentucky
or those proposed by myself be acceptable or not,
should not hesitate to trust them to the people. I
am quite sure, under similar circumstances, I
should be very willing to take and abide the jud"-- 1
rncnt of those I represent. Were it the question ;
of adopting the resolutions as amendments to the
I Constitution, to be referred to the States for rat-
j ification, members might well insist on having
[ just such propositions as mettheir own judgment;
| but if they believe any measure of peace'neces-
| sary, I cannot see why they should refuse to refer
' the propositions to the people, although they them-
selves might be unwilling to accept them. |
This may bo called an extraordinary step; it '
may be said it is inegular; that it is without war-
rant in the Constitution. My answer to all this is, !
that the times are irregular; the nature of the case j
requires extraordinary measures; anil certainly ;
there is nothing in the Constitution denying the j
right to Congress to submit propositions to the j
decision of the people—the power that created the j
Constitution. Did it propose the exercise of a j
final and binding action by Congress, then the '
questions of power and propriety might well be I
raised. But as it is a proposition to consult the 1
power that makes constitutions, I do not see that '
it can be regarded as the exercise of a dangerous <
authority. But perhaps gentlemen on the other :
side may be flattering themselves with the idea
that there is no real danger to the stability of the
Government, nor the peace of the nation. Or, !
perhaps, they have concluded that even if it so i
be that the country is in peril, they have had no
hand in producing that State of affairs,and should i
make no sacrifices to avert the danger. Both 1
conclusions would be alike fallacious. °Th'eUnion !
is in imminent dangerof permanentand disastrous 1
disruption, and the country of civil war; and the '
men oil the other side have a large share, I say
much the largest share, of the responsibility to '>j
bear. I do not say that tile fault is all on one I
  January 21,
side, or that either is blameless. "Were the sacred
challenge invoked in this body, " whosoever is
without sin amongst vp'u.let him cast the first
stone," I should liaveiio fear of whizzing mis-
siles from the other sjfle of the Chamber; nor do
I believe there woaH be many discharged from
this.
Aslhave said before, Iconsiderthe warof crim-
ination and recrimination about slavery the root
of the evil that besets our country; and the or-
ganization of a sectional party based on that issue,
deriving its vital energies from that question, as
the effective means by which the country has been
brought to the brink of destruction; and of these
things I shall speak more at length hereafter.
This is my view, expressed in no unkind spirit,
and only because I would impress upon Senators
on the other side, and upon the men they repre-
sent, the duty of concession at their hands. The
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky pre-
sents the means of doing this without much sac-
rifice of feeling or pride or principle. It is a
proposition, so far as the Territories are con-
cerned, simply to divide—to give all north of 36°
30' to the North, excluding slavery, and to give
all south of that line to the South, for her insti-
tutions, during the territorial condition; and on
either side of the line, as everybody knows, when
the Territories become sovereign States, they can
have slavery or not, as they please. Is there
anything unreasonable in the scheme? Can any-
thing be more simple" and just? It involves no
dishonor, and the sacrifice of no admitted right,
nor does it extend slavery one foot, or add one
slave to the number now in bondage. It is an
adjustment on terms that must commend them-
selves to all fair-minded men. Wo cannot agree
about the management of this joint estate. We
have kept up a protracted and angrv controversy
about its management; and the Senator from Ken-
tucky proposes to divide it on the paiallel of 36°
30', giving the free States about nine hundred
thousand square miles, and the slavehold ing States
about two hundred and eighty thousand" square
miles. Surely the North should not complain of
a division so generous to her. If we were about
to make a peaceable division, no one would ofi'er the
South less, and no umpire would award them less.
But there seems to be peculiar sensitiveness on
the other side about the terms to be employed in
expressing this division. Why should that be
so? Is it not intended to be a division in good
faith, and that each section shall have its share
during the continuance of the territorial condition?
If so, why not say so? There is a perfect will-
ingness to interdict slavery on the north side.
Then why not recognize and maintain it on the
south? Surely no honorable man will seek to
have both sides of the bargain.
If it be said that by this division, according to
yourdoctrine,you yield the riglittoexc.lude slavery
from two hundred and eighty thousand square
miles south of the line, southern men reply that,
according to their doctrine—and, in my judgment,
the true doctrine—they yield the right to go into
nine hundred thousand square miles north" of the
line. As for tlie question of future acquisitions,
I would not stand upon that point, though I think
tt the part of wisdom to make the settlement final.
The junior Sonatorfrom California [Mr. Latham]
fears that this feature of the adjustment may re-
strain future acquisitions. Beitso. Ithinkexpe-
ncnce is demonstrating that we have quite as
much country as we are capable of govrernin°\
But he bases his opinion on the hypothesis that
the presen t state of feeling between the North and
the South is to continue, and that as men and par-
ties now stand arrayed, so they are to stand for
centuries to come. Phe experience of the world,
and especially that of our own country, is against
the assumption. Could I believe this, then ill-
deed would I despair of the Republic. But I trust
that tac slavery agitation will soon culminate and
reccde,and that the American people will embrace
other ideas and topics. But the North need not
object to this provision: for if ever the question
should be presented in a sectional point of view,
that section would have control of it, and in no
way could new domain be forced upon it. Could
this territorial point be gained, Mr, President, I
feel confident that all else in the programme would
follow. The interdiction against the right of Con-
gress to interfere with slavery in the places under
ltu exclusive jurisdiction,and iii this District, and
