1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
Then again: the honorable Senator, it is alleged,
said that he is a foreigner. Well, sir, if he is a
foreigner, he is not a citizen of the United States,
and he is not entitled to a seat upon this floor; but
that is because of the fact, not because of the al-
legation. If he is not a citizen, the Constitution
says he shall not have a seat upon this floor; but
if he is mistaken in the fact, he is under no con-
stitutional disqualification. Now, the honorable
Senator from Connecticut heard what I suppose
we all h'eard in the discursive remarks made by
the very able Senator from Texas the other day.
I do notpretend to quote hislanguage, butl think
I know the substance of what he said. He said,
in his belief he was a foreigner to this Govern-
ment; and why? Because, in his belief, the State
of Texas, of which he was a citizen, had separated
itself from this Union; but he did not know the
fact, and so alleged.. He does not know the fact
now, unless he got'the information since last night;
for last night, in conversation with him, I inquired
what was the news from his State; whether he
had yet evidence of this fact? He said "no." I
presume he has not got it yet. His statement was,
that, in his belief, he was a foreigner to this Gov-
ernment; because, in ins belief, the people of Texas
have ratified, by-their popular vote, the act of
their convention declaring the separation. Why
does he believe it? He has had no evidence of it.
He believes it because of his knowledge that the
popular sentiment of his State has determined to
separate itself from this Government; but that is
to be evinced by the popular vote. The Senator
told us, although he believed himself a foreigner,
he had no proof of it; but when lie had proof of
it, he would exhibit it here in the face of the Sen-
ate, as his predecessors in separation from the
Government had done. He would exhibit it here
in the face of the Senate, that his State was sep-
arated from this Government, and therefore he
was no longer constitutionally a Senator; or, as
he expressed it, he would exhibit to the Senate,
when he got it, evidence of the fact that the office
which he held here had been abolished by his
State. That is the substance of it; and yet, be-
cause of these declarations, the honorable Senator
from Connecticut asks for his expulsion.
Now, Mr. President, I am not going into the
argument which the honorable Senatoi fiom Con-
necticut has conducted wilh the ability that be-
longs to him, about the right of separation. The
honorable Senator, as others around him and the
new President have done, declaies Lhat an acf of
separation by a State is a mere nullity, and that
the State holds the same relation to the Confed-
eration after the act of separation that it held be-
fore. That is the language and doctrine of the
honorable Senator. We deny it. My State de-
nies it. Six States—six, so far as the proof has
gone—have not only denied it, but have acted on
that denial, and have separated; and they have
not only separated, but they have confederated
anew; they have formed a new government; as I
said here the other day, a government perfect in
ail its paits, and a governmentprepared to sustain
itselfin arms if this Government should endeavor
to subdue it. If Senators still persist in saying,
as matter of constitutional law, that these States
have not separated, that their act is null, they are
holding language which—I say it with gieat re-
spect, for I feel no other sentiment towards them
—is more disrespectful to the Senate tenfold than
that which the Senator from Connecticut says de-
serves the punishment of expulsion in the case of
/he Senator from Texas; and why? Because, by
their language, they declare that live million peo-
ple, and six or seven sovereign States, are in a
state of insubordination and insurrection, and
they are taking no measures to quell it. They
declare here that the acts of those States are null;
and, although they have seized what they call the
public property, although they have possessed
themselves of the forts and of the public arms,
yet they rake no means whatever, and recommend
and propose none, to recover it, or to .subdue
them. I say, then, that honorable Senators hold-
ing that language in relation to the condition of
the country, as they understand it, and not acting
upon it, are much more disrespectful to the body
to which they belong than the language of the
honorable Senator from Texas, because, with him,
as with me, it is a question of constitutional con-
struction, and nothing more in the world. How-
can we owe allegiance to this Government? How
can I owe allegiance to it? If I do, then I must
obey the orders and the commands of this Gov-
ernment m preference to those of my State. I
must put off the fealty which subsists between
me and the State of Virginia, as citizen and sov-
ereign, and endue myself with a new livery, not
to a sovereign, but a mere temporary agency—I
mean by " temporary,'' one that is entirely de-
pendent upon the will and pleasure of those who
creater^it.
Nor is there, in my judgment, anything in sup-
port of this argument in the fact that I and other
Senators here are sworn to support the Constitu-
tion. I am sworn to support the Constitution.
I am not sworn to be true and faithful to the Gov-
ernment, as I have sworn to be true and faithful
to the State of Virginia; but I am sworn to sup-
poit the Constitution. What does that meap ?
Does it mean that, under no circumstances, I will
be a party to a change in that Constitution ? If
I change the Constitution by my act, I do not
support it. Does it mean that I am not at liberty
in any way to change the Constitution or the form
of government? Certainly not; because, if it
does, it would put this famous peace congress
that assembled here the other day under appoint-
ments of their several States as mediators, in the
character of plotters against the Government,
which many of them, I know, had sworn to sup-
port. As I construe that oath, ltmeansthis: that
while you participate in the administration of the
Government, or while you live under the Gov-
ernment,if you are notparticipatingin its admin-
istration, you will support the Government as it
is organized; but that does not prohibit you, so
far as I reason, if you think, or more properly
if your State thinks, there are reasons, paramount
to your contract, for separating yourself from
it, and thus, as far as you are concerned, cease to
support the Constitution.
But take it altogether, arc gentlemen on this
side of the Chamber to be subject to this high
punition of the Constitution, because they differ
m its construction from gentlemen on the other
side ? Is that to be the rule that is to be meas-
ured out to minorities now? We stand here in
a mmoiity; a minority becoming less in numbers
every day. You stand there in a majority; a
majonty increasing every day, or every year.
Ia this to be the measure by which the relations
of minority and majonty are to be governed in
the Government of the United States, which is
not supreme and not sovereign ? If it is, let us
understand it.
Now, sir, I do not mean at all to take any issue
with the Senator from Connecticut in his dis-
claimer of any personal feeling; but if there are
not personal or party motives lying at the founda-
tion of this thing, unknown to the Senator—for
my respect, and real lespect, fur him forbids me
tn suppose that he is not candid and frank—1 am
at a loss to conceive—when he seeks to punish the
Senator for what he said, and afterwards says
that, if what he said is the fact, he ought not to
sit here—why he applies so high a remedy to a
declaration of opinion which he thinks is wrong;
for at least it amounts to that.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I regard this
movement as one which is calculated to be very
dangerous in Us effects and consequences. It is
a motion to visit with the highest censure of the
Senate-— to-wit: expulsion—the mere expression
of an opinion which may happen to be different
from that of a majority. As my colleague has
well said, the Senator from Texas has done noth-
ing more, as I undeistand it, than to declare his
belief m the doctrine of secession. He said he
believed he was a foreigner, but that he had not
any evidence of it as yet; and until he had evi-
dence of it he would continue to act here. It is
true he disclaimed the doctrine of owing any alle-
giance to the United States Government; because,
with other State-rights men, he believed that he
owes allegiance to his State sovereignty. He
owes obedience to the United States Government
—obedience to the Constitution and its laws; and
I do not understand him ever to have disclaimed
that. I do not understand him ever to have said
that he did not hold himself bound by his oath
i to sustain the Constitution, to carry it out as he
| understood it, while he was here. I do not be-
j lieve he has ever expressed any other opinion.
! All, then, that he has said is, to declare what I
i believe is held in almost all the southern States,
and probably a majority in all the southern States
hold the opinion, that the right of secession ex-
ists, and that if a State exercises that right it
places itself in foreign relations to the residue of
the Union. That is what he meant to say. He
meant to say that, from his knowledge of public
opinion,he believed hisStatehad seceded; but he
did not have the authentic evidence upon which
to act; and until he had the authentic evidence, he
felt that he had a title, and perhaps it was proper
that he should sit here and vote—not as one ab-
solved from the duty of obedience to this Gov-
ernment; not as one absolved from the oath to
support and maintain the Constitution; but as
one who believed that when he should obtain'the
evidence, it would be found that his State had
taken such action as would abolish the office
which he held here. ^
If there be cause for expulsion in that, you may
expel a great many other Senators upon this floor;
and how long will it be before some despotic
party majority, when it shall number two thirds,
(and it is to be remembered that now the slave-
holding States number but eight, that number
probably to be diminished by the secession of
Arkansas, and among them Delaware is hardly
to be counted,) may consider it obnoxious and
worthy of expulsion for a man to defend the in-
stitution of slavery ? There are persons to whom
it is quite as obnoxious to express such an opinion
as it is to express a belief m the doctrine of seces-
sion.
Sir, this power of expelling members of the
Senate never was given for the purpose of punish-
ing or rebuking political opinion. The Consti-
tution provides, " each House may determine the
rules of its proceedings, punish its members for
disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence
of two thirds, expel a member." The first case
that ever occurred (for I do not call the expulsion
of Blount a case of this kind, that arising from an
impeachment by the House of Representatives)
was the case of John Smith, in which the Senate
did refuse to expel; and the counsel, Mr. Har-
per, in that case said, if there had been no prece-
dent, he would have maintained that, under the
meaning of the Constitution, no otherpower was
given to the Senate to expel than in order to pre-
serve its oider and to enforce its rules upon mem-
bers; that it was not intended to give the Senate
the power to expel a man bccausc he disapproved
either of its action or of its piinciples, unless his
action was such as to disturb the order and pre-
vent the proceedings of the Senate. He said he
would not, however,raise that question, because
precedent had determined it otherwise. I do not
raise it now, although I believe, with Mr. Adams,
who said, in his reply, that if such were indeed
the Constitution, no precedent could overrule it;
but 1 say 1 do not laise it now, because it is not
necessary to raise it. I say this, though: all the
writers who treat on parliamentary law maintain,
even those who treat of the broader power exer-
cised by the English Parliament, that itisapower
to be exercised with great caution and care. I
believe that in most of the instances in which it
has been exercised even there, it will be found
I that it was m order to enforce the rules of pro-
ceeding, to enforce obedience where obedience
was due, not for a mere abstract political opinion
that so hctish a measuie has ever been lesoi ted to.
Mr. President, whore is it to end : Suppose the
majority should come to be reversed some of these
days; suppose there should bo two thirds on this
side, and some of us should get up and say wo
refused to associate with members who passed
personal liberty bills, with members who, after
swearing to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, have aided m the passage of laws whose
design and object it was to nullify a law which
was pronounced to be constitutional: what would
be the result of all this? Where would it end?
Wli enever any party got to amount to two thiids
m this Chamber, it would turn around and expel
the minority. It was never designed that tins
power should be exercised for any such purpose.
It was made, m my opinion, to enable the Senate
to enforce order within its limits, to enforce its
rules, to preserve it? existence. It was never in-
tended, I believe, as originally given, to enable it
to inquire into the opinions of members for the
purpose of expelling them. I believe it was not
so intended, because I can see that it would lead
to infinite mischief if we should pioceed on any
