1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
against any future right to interfere with slavery
within the States, seems less objectionable. As
for the rendition of fugitive slaves, the Constitu-
tion is sufficient as it is; and if amended at all, in
my judgment it should impose the duty of re-
turning fugitives on the States as well as on Con-
gress; and surely all will agree that the service of
the President should be limited to a single term,
and that the slave trade should be forever inter-
dieted.
But the territorial question is the great obstacle
in the way of peace; for it is through that feature
of the adjustment that (lie South is to have that
recognition of their rights and equality necessary
to relieve their honor and allay their apprehen-
sions. For myself, Mr. President, I hold that the
people of the southern States, with their slaves,
have a just and constitutional light to go into the
common Territories, there to hold, use, and enjoy
all property of whatsoever kind known to the
laws of the State whence they emigrated. This
principle was clearly laid down by'the Supreme
Court in the case of Dred Scott. But I do not rest
my plea for the South on that decision alone. I
found it on the broad principles of equity and
justice. The Territories were acquired by the
expenditure of common blood and treasure, and
are, therefore, the common property of all; and
so long as they so remain, if open to occupancy
at all, they must be open to all. The States are
equals by the express language of the Constitu-
tion, and that principle of equality must prevail
in the enjoyment of acommon estate. 7he right
rests on the great principle of equity, as old as
human government, and almost as sacred as di-
vine truth. How palpably unjust it would be for
the two great States of New York and Pennsyl-
vania to seize upon a large district of this common
estate, and then prescribe onerous conditions for
emigrants from the small Slates of New Jersey
and Delaware; and yet this is precisely the right
claimed in the Republican platform, to wit: that
the northern States, having a majority in Congress,
shall lay down the law to the effect that the emi-
grant from a slaveholding State shall not go into
the common Territories ut.less lie leaves his slave
property behind. To my mind, Mr. President,
this is the point at which the Republican creed is
fatally at fault, and at which their gravest respons-
ibilities begin; and at which the work of saving
the Union must begin. Here their creed encoun-
ters both justice and law. The justice of the case
is apparent to everybody; and the law is found in
the Dred Scott decision. In that case the effect
of an act of Congress interdicting slavery neces-
sarily arose; and the decision is clear and emphatic
that Congress has no right to pass such a law,
and it was therefore null and void. I will not pa-
rade the language of the coui t, so often presented,
and so familiar to Senators.
But it is said that the court was divided. What
of that, sir? A majority make the court, and
when the majority speak the law is declared.
Congress is divided about the passage of laws;
but when the majority speaks, though that ma-
jority consists of one vote only, the law is enacted,
and none but a madman would for that reason
doubt its validity. Sad will bo the day, and deep
the demoralization, when men go behind the face
of the law to inquire how legislators were divided,
and behind decisions to see how the judges dif-
fered, in order to find pretexts to evade or violate
the law. But, notwithstanding this decision, it
is an article of the Republican faith, that this un-
constitutional and unjustthing shall be done;and
more: when almost ready to grasp the power to
do this thing, you flatter yourselves that you have
had no part in imperiling the Union; express sur-
prise at the clamor that is raised in the South,
and talk freely about rebellion and treason; about
the execution of the laws, and fidelity to the Con-
stitution, and about the chastisement due to the
seditious and disobedient. That is all very right
and proper; but it would be well for them to put
themselves right before they attempt to punish
others. Let them take the beam out of their own
eye, and then they will see more clearly to re-
move the mote out of their brother's eye. Your
members of Congress, with scarce an exception,
are pledged to deny to the slaveholder the right |
to go into the common Territories, unless he leave j
his slave property behind him, notwithstanding I
the Constitution, as defined by the court, and the j
equity so manifestly in his favor. Even your :
President elect has said that, were he a member
of Congress, he would vote for such a law, the
decision of the court to the contrary. This is the
worst part of his record, and I regret its existence;
for he is the President elect, according to the
Constitution, and must hold the office. My logic,
Mr. President, is, that if we are for the Consti-
tution at all, we must sustain every feature of it;
and we must accept its meaning at the'hands of
those who have the right to expound it; and I
say further, that you might as well discuss the
principles of the Christian religion with the in-
fidel who denies the Bible, as American politics
with the man who will not take the Constitution
for his guide. I talk thus plainly, because I would
have men realize the responsibilities of their teach-
ings, and ponder on their consequences. Let them
take warning from the voice of Webster, at Ca-
pon Springs, in 1851: " a bargain broken on one
side, is broken on all sides." A solution for the
awk ward dilemma of the Republican party is fur-
nished in the resolutions now pending before the
Senate. Will they accept relief m that way ? Will
Senators on the other side permit the people to
decide ? If not, the issue must be with them and
their constituents; and let them be prepared for the
consequences.
The unfaithful execution of the fugitive slave
law, though at times greatly exaggerated in its
extent, is cause of grievous complaint on the part
of our southern friends. It is said in extenua-
tion of this wrong, that so far as State laws are
inconsistent with tlie Constitution, they are null
and void; and can, therefore, do no harm. To
my mind, Mr. President, this is no answer, and
no amend for the wrong. It may be some kind
of law; but it is bad morals, and enmity ra-
ther than comity. Any attempt to embarrass the
execution of the Constitution is bad faith, and
betrays an unfriendly spirit, well calculated to
awaken distrust and retaliation at the hands of
the injured parties; and I hesitate not to say that
all statutes wearing even an unfriendly appear-
ance to the Constitution should be promptly re-
pealed. Butsome of those statutes are manifestly
in clear conflict witli the letter and spirit of the
Constitution; while others, less offensive in ap-
pearance, are liable to be perverted into means of
mischicf and wrong. For instance: the Supreme
Court has held that the owner of a fugitive slave
has a right, by virtue of the Constitution, to pos-
sess himself of his slave wherever he can find
him; and yet nearly all the personal liberty hills
in the North punish the owner for arresting his
slave in a manner to produce tumult or riot. All
agree that tumult and riot should be prevented;
but who does not know that half a dozen of abo-
litionists, and an equal number of free negroes,
can get up a not anywhere on the occasion of the
arrest of a fugitive, and thus give the owner pen-
alties instead of property? My own State has
been arraigned on this point; and candor requires
me to say that she is not entirely blameless. A
part of her statute of 1847 has been the means of
mischief and wrong, and ought to be repealed.
But justice to her requires that I should also say,
that so long as she was left to the performance of
this duty of returning fugitives in her own way,
there was little, if any, cause of complaint. More
than one hundred and fifty years ago, the provin-
cial authorities of Pennsylvania recognized the
right of the owner to the service of his slave; and
in the law of 1780, abolishing slavery, she pro-
vided for the return of fugitive slaves, and mani-
fested her high spirit of comity by providing for
the transit of slaves through her limits, and fora
temporary sojourn of the owners with their slaves
and servants, for a term not exceeding six months.
Her law of 1826' was passed at the instance of the
slaveholding State of Maryland, and under the
auspices of commissioners appointed on the part
of that State; and, singularly enough, that law
contains some of the provisions complained of at
this day. It punished kidnapping, and forbade
State officers to execute the fugitive slave law of
1793; but its own provisions for the return of
fugitives were simple and direct, and convenient
of execution; and the State officers and magistrates
were required to execute it under heavy penalties.
From that time down to 1842, when the decision
of the caseofPriggagainst the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania was announced, there was but little
enuse of complaint. But that decision released
State officers from all obligation to execute the law
of Congress; and held that the State laws on that
subject were null and void, though adopted in
good faith to secure the return of fugitive slaves;
that the jurisdiction of the subject was not con-
current, buf belonged exclusively to Congress} or
rather that Congress, having legislated for the ex-
ecution of that part of the Constitution,State legis*-
lation was inadmissible. 11 was held in addition,
that the owner had aperfect right to possess him*
self of his fugitive without process, and in disre-
gard of all State statutes.
The effect of this decision was felt immediately
in the States of Maryland and Virginia. It threw
about the law of 1793 the utmost inconvenience
of execution. In the State of Pennsylvania, for
instance, Federal process could only be had at
Pittsburg or Philadelphia, with an intervening
distance, bordering on slave States, of four hun-
dred miles; and hence claimants of fugitives,' in-
stead of applying for process, made arrangements
for discovering and recapturing their fugitives
without process and without trial. This was
done by the establishment of agencies, and alleged
slaves were picked up everywhere with impunity,
and carried off without the presentation of the
slightest evidence that the persons were slaves,
or if slaves, that they were to be returned to their
real owners. This proceeding became exceed-
ingly distasteful to the people, and a subject of
general clamor even among those who were most
desirous to execute the Constitution and keep
faith with the slave States. Nor, sir, will it do
to say that there are no instances in which free
negroes were carried off. As I have before inti-
mated on this floor, I know that one was carried
from my own county, well known to be free,
through the agency of a base man in a neighbor-
ing county. The consequence of these things
was the law of 1847, enacted in pursuance of a
very general public sentiment. This law punishes
kidnapping; and that is right. No slave State
will object to that. It relieves State officers from
the duty of executing the law of Congress. That
can be no subject of complaint, because the Su-
preme Court says such was the intention of the
Constitution. It denied the use of the county
prisons for the detention of fugitives during trial.
After the adoption of the fugitive slave law of
1850, this provision was repealed, and the use of
prisons permitted to facilitate the execution of the
law of Congress. The worst feature of it in exist-
ence at present is that which punishes the owner
who may arrest his fugitive without process under
the law, and thereby producing tumult and riot;
and this, I say, ought to be promptly repealed,
for the reason that it is liable to abuse. But, sir,
it is not true that there is any wan^of disposition
with the great mass of people that constitute that
State to obseive, in good faith, every obligation
imposed upon them by the Constitution. They
intend to perform their part. Nay, more, sir;
they desire to avoid even the appearanceof wrong;
and had the State been permitted to follow her
own just policy, no man ever would have had
sufficient ground for complaint against her.
But, Mr. President, the organization of a geo-
graphical party; that organization against which
George Washington warned his country, was the
fatal day for this Republic. I have been in the
habit of saying, sir, everywhere on the stump,
that such an organization was inconsistent with
the peace of the nation; that a political associa-
tion so hostile to the institutions of another sec-
tion of the country that it could have no recogni-
tion and no members in the assaulted section,
must necessarily bo an agent of alienation and
hostility among the people. George Washing-
ton and Andrew Jackson both foresaw this, and
men on the other side should have heeded their
warnings. It will not do to say that it never was
intended to be a sectional party; that it is based on
great truths that can be and ought to be univer-
sal. Sir, disguise it as we may, the Republican
organization has had,and has now, but one vital
spark of existence, and that is prejudice and hos-
tility to admitted rights—to the institution of
slavery—an institution recognized by the fathers.
I know, sir, it is said, in mitigation, that they
never intend to exercise any unconstitutional
right; that its purpose is not to interfere with
slavery in the States. But, Mr. President, tell
me when or where a Republican meeting has been
held, since the dawn of that party, where the im-
pression was not left, either by its proceedings or
