1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
other principle than to expel except where it was
necessary in order to enforce our own rules and
preserve our own legitimate power to regulate the
conduct of our members. But, sir, so for as this
is concerned, I maintain that the Senator from
Texas has expressed no other opinion than has
been expressed by all the members from the se-
ceding States; and I think the point was very well
taken by the Senator from North Carolina, that if
you were to act on the supposition that they be-
lieved that the action of their States, when they
seceded, put them out of this Union, then you
are bound to pursue those members who have
gone out with decrees of expulsion. If you aie
Bound to act in this case, you are bound to expel
them also, for they have given still more decided
evidence: they have given practical proof of the
opinion that they are foreigners, and made so by
the secession of their States, by the fact that they
have gone off and established another government
in opposition to this.
I trust, sir,* that the Senate never will pass a
resolution of expulsion founded upon any such
ground. What is the ground ? That he denies
that he owes allegiance to thisGovernment. How
many people are there, north and south, east and
west, who deny that they owe allegiance to this
Government? They owe obedience to it, because
it is in part the government of the State sover-
eignty to which they do owe their allegiance, and
as long as it is their government, they are bound
to obey it. They owe obedience to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, because the Constitution
is that of the State to which they belong, of the
State sovereignty to which they belong; and they
are but maintaining and giving their allegiance
where allegiance is due, when they maintain the
Constitution of the country, when they render
obedience to its Government and to its laws; and
I understand that that is all the Senator from
Texas has maintained.
Mr. CLARK. As there are several messages
on the table, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MASON. This is a question which I think
ought to be decided first.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think this ought to be de-
cided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) It is in the power of the Senate to
make the order moved by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will waive his motion, I will make a
motion that will test the question. My object is
to make a motion that will test the question, and
bring it right to a vote.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to have a vote on my
motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote against an execu-
tive session now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The question
is on the. motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Presiding Offi-
cer if this is not a question of privilege which takes
precedence of all others under the rules?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No doubt itis
a question of privilege; but it is still in the power
of a majority to change the order of business.
Mr. MASON. I ani not very convei sant with
the rules; but my impression is, that a question of
privilege, affecting the privilege of a seat in the Sen-
ate, takes, under the rules, precedence of every-
thing else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That goes no further than
the privilege to make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is all.
A niajoiity can change the order of business at
pleasure. The yeas and m*ys are asked for on
this motion by the Senator from Missouri.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Uimnrtlei,
Clark, Collamor, Cowan, Di\on, Doolittle, Fessenrten,
Foot, Foster, Ginnes, Hale. Harlan, flari-H, Howe, Km«,
Lane, Latham, Morrill, Simmon*. Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Breckinridge, lingiit, Cliugman, Doug-
las. Hunter, Kennedy, Mason, Mitc'hel, Nosmith, Nioh-
ofeon, 1'eaiee, Polk, Powell, Itico, .Thomson, and Wig-
lall—16.
executive session.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordeied; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 28, nays 1G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Cowan, I)ixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hams, Howe, John-
son, Ring, Lane, Monill, Simmons, Bnmner, Ten Eyck,
Triimlmll, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messis. Breckinudge, Bright, Clingman, Doug-
las, Kennedy, Latham, Mason, Mitchel, Nesmttb, Nich-
olson, Peurce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Thomson, and Wig-
fall—16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 12, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlet.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
captain Humphrey's iieport.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report back a resolution for
prmtmganextranumberof Captain Humphrey's
report on the survey of the delta of the Missis-
sippi,and to ask to bo discharged from its further
consideration. The committee do not object to
publishing the report; but it is not completed,
and the rule of the committee is not to recommend
the printing of any report or any document until
it is before the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion to dis-
charge the Committee on Printing from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject indicated by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPULSION Or A SENATOR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the following resolution:
Whereas Hon. L. T. Wiofall, now a Senator of the
United States fiom tho State ot'Texas, has declared in
debate tliat he ib a torei?ner. that he owes 110 allcgiance to
this Government, but that lie belong to, and ovve« alle-
giance to,anothei and a foreign State or government: There-
fore,
RcsoM, That the said L.T. Wigfall be, and liehereby
is, e\pelled from tin? body.
The pending question is on the following amend-
ment offered by the Senator from North Carolina,
to strike out all after the word " whereas," and
insert the following in lieu thereof:
It is understood that the Kt-ate of To.va" has speeded from
the Union, and is no longer one ol the United States: There-
fore,
Resolved, That she is not entitled to be represented in
tin-; body.
Mr. SIMMONS. As no one desires to address
the Senate upon it, I move that the resolution,
with the amendment, be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
diplomatic gallery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The following
resolution, submitted by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] is now before tho Senate:
Rcioh-al, That the ord^r of the Senate, setting aside a
pairot the irallery for Ihe u*e of the diplomatic corps, be,
and the sume id hereby, icftcinded.
Mr. SUMNER.. I move (and I believe I have
the good will of the Senator from Iowa in the
motion) that that resolution lie on the table.
Mr. POLK. I did not exactly hear the resolu-
tion. I think the Senators alongside of me are in
the same fix. I would be glad if the Secretary
would report the resolution again. Two or three
of us did not hear it.
The Secretary a^ain read the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that this resolution lie on tho table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose the resolution
can be called up at any time, if it is laid on the
table. I should like to have it referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, if the Senator
from Iowa will assent to that disposition of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves to take up the resolu-
tion for consideration.
Mr. MASON. I submit to Senators on the
other side, that the setting aside of a portion of
the gallery for the diplomatic corps has jast .been
done, and we have not clearly ascertained .the
practical working of it; and, if a. change is to be
made, I think it had better not be made at this
short session. The change, if it should be^re-.
solved upon, can be made* in one day. I think
the resolution had better lie over for the present.'
Mr. ANTHONY. I am opposed to the pas-
sage of the resolution; and the reason why I sug-
gested the reference was because I thought' it
might be taken up at some time and passed. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no danger of
its being done by surprise.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is not intended to pass
the resolution, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the motion to take it up ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFJCER. Then the res-
olution will lie on the table.
SILAS CARLETON AND OTHERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution to
pay certain expenses which shall be incurred by
Silas Carleton and others in defending themselves
against prosecution in the courts of Massachu-
setts, together with the memorial of F. B. San-
born and others, have instructed me to report the
resolution back, and to move its postponement
until the third Monday of December next." Wa
thought it premature to act upon the resolution at
this time. It will be time enough to do so when
the party has been endamnified.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate think proper to
make that disposition of the subject, of course I
shall not object; but I will assign to the Senator,
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the
reasons why it was thought proper on my part to
offer the resolution. I understood from theUni-
ted States district attorney of Massachusetts that
those men who had been sued were very poor
'men, that current costs would necessarily be in-
curred by them, and that it would be oppressive
to require them to pay the costs out of their own
small means as they accrued. The resolution was
drawn in such a way as to confine the expend-
iture to the actual costs, the costs of the court. It
was submitted to the Senatorfrom Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] who was upon the special commit-
tee with me, and it was agreed by us both that it
was confined necessarily to that subject. It would
be very oppressive to one whose means are small
to require liini to advance money, and not to re-
imbutse him until a future day. That was the
only object of submitting the resolution to the
committee. I should prefer, therefore, and for that
consideration only, that the resolution should not
be deferred, but should be passed at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will enter into no dis-
cussion about it; but the resolution provides for
paying expenses which shall be incurred, and the
committee were of the opinion that it would be a
dangerous practice to pass such a resolution in
advance. We thought it would be better to let
the resolution lie until it should be shown that the
parties had been endamnified. In fact, there was
no evidence before the committee to show that
there were suits pending at all.
Mr. MASON. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no evidence
before the committee that suits were even pend-
ing. There was nothing for us to act upon but
the simple resolution. We thought it would be
time enough to pay the expenses when it was
shown they had been incurred.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, that may have been
from inadvertence on my part, in not furnishing
the evidence. The only evidence I have is the
declaration of the district attorney ot the United
States to me, or rather a correspondence between
us at the last session, and a confeience with him
at this session, that the suits were pending, one
or more prosecutions and one or more civil suits;
and that the trials would probable take place this
spring, and costs would be incurred. The com-
mittee may not have known that fact.
Mr. POWELL. The committee, I think, were
unanimously of the opinion that those costs, when
incurred, should be paid; but wo thought it im-
proper to order the payment until we had the evi-
dence that the costs had been incuired. That was
the reason that controlled the committee in its
action.
