1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. MASON. I shall make nofurther objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion, indicated by him, to the third Monday of
December next.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. HALE. There were some papers of Dom-
inick Lynch, submitted with a petition to the
Senate at its last legislative session. No report
was made upon them; andl supposeit is in order
to grant leave at this session to withdraw them. I
move, then, that the papers of Dominick Lynch
be withdrawn from tne files of the Senate, and
returned to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being- made, that order will be entered.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages m writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. John
G. Nicolay, his Secretary.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, JSIarch 13, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PAY OF OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Seriate be directed
to pay to the clerks of committees, and pages employed
during the present special session ot the Senate, the usual
per diem compensation.
There can be no objection to that. It is the or-
dinary motion, and 1 ask that it be considered
now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate what foil?-, aiMmuh, n.ivy-vuuta, and other
public works, within the limit* of the State* of South Car-
olina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louwana,
and Texastaie now within the actual possession and oc-
cupation of the United Slato^, and !>y what number of men
each is garrisoned and held, and whether reinforcements
are necessary to retain the same; and if so, whether the
Government has the power and means, under existing laws,
to supply sueh reinforcements within such time a< the
exigencies and necessities of the ca e may demand; and
whether the defense and protection ol the United States
and their interests make it necessary and wise to retain mil-
itary possession ot such fort?, places, and other pioperty,
except at Key West and 'Portugal, and to recapture and
r«oecupy Miefi others as the Umicd States have been de-
prived of by seizure or sunender tor any other purpose, and
with a view to any other end than the subjugation and oc-
cupation ot those States which have assumed the right to
secede from the Union, and within whoso limits .such forts
and other public property are situated; and if such be the
motives for lecaptuungand holding the foits and othei pub-
lic propcity, what mihtaiy force, including regular and
volunteers, would be nece^ary to enable the United States
to reduce the Stales aforesaid, and such othei* as are sup-
posed to sympathize with them, to subjection and obedience
to the law:, of the Union, and to protect the Federal capital.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be con-
sidered to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the resolution be
printed. I shall call it up to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
the resolution will be made, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to the reso-
lution, so far as I am advised at present; but I
question very much whether it is in order to pass
such a resolution by the Senate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is simply on ordering it to be printed. It is not
before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I object to that for the present.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in reply to the resolution of the Senate of the 7th
instant, copies of communications, from Major
E. Steen,and Lieutenant John Mullen, relative to
the movemenfof troops overland, to the northern
portion of the department of the Pacific; which,
on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
SENATORS FROM SECEDING STATES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That Albert G. Brown and Jefferson Davis
of Mississippi, Stephen R. Mallory of Floiida, Clement
C. Clay of Alabama, Robert Toombs of Georgia, and
Jubah P. Benjamin of Louisiana, having announced that
they are no longer members of the Senate, and having with-
drawn therefrom, their seats in tins body have thereby be-
come vacant, and the Secretary is directed to strike their
names from the roll of members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the consideration of his resolution at the
present time ?
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. MASON. Let it lie
over.
PETITIONS.
Mr. POWELL. I present a petition of vari-
ous citizens of Superior, Wisconsin, praying for
the adoption of the Crittenden compromise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can hardly be pre-
sented, I apprehend, at this session. We cannot
do any legislative business, and I think it im-
proper to present petitions for matters of legisla-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. Why not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress is not in session.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware of that. I merely
wish to present the petition and let it he on the
table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My question was as to
the propriety of presenting it at all. It is a pre-
cedent. It calls for legislation. I raise the ques-
tion upon the propriety of it. It is nothing in
reference to the petition itself, but simply because
I doubt whether there is any propriety m receiv-
ing it.
Mr. POWELL. I can see no impropriety in
that. The petition is addressed to the Senate, and
is respectful in its terms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine raise the question '
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that such communications have been
received at previous sessions, simply for the pur-
pose of placing them on the files of the Senate,
and not for the action of the Senate.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; I take no
^heVlCE PRESIDENT. This communica-
tion, therefore, will be placed on the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS If ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to report back a
message of the President communicating corre-
spondence in relation to a suspension of diplo-
matic intercourse with Mexico; and also, a mes-
sage transmitting a report of the agent referred
to in it as having been sent to Mexico. These
are papers that were at an earlier period of the
late Congress referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. They are before them, and the
committee are drsnous of discharging themselves
with regard to them, and I have been diiected
simply to report them to the Senate, that they
may take their place on the files. I ask that the
committee be discharged from their further con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression
of the Chair is, that it is clearly a legislative act,
and as such not in order. The repoit of a com-
mittee upon a legislative?matter, in an executive
session, would not be in order.
Mr. SUMNER. The matter is not precisely
legislative, nor is it precisely executive. The
order of reference was made in open session, and
therefore the report of the committee is made in
open session, but it stiil relates to executive busi-
ness. I therefore feel that I discharge my duty
to the subject, and also to my committee, in
making the report, and asking that they be dis-
charged from the further consideration of these
papers, that they may take their place on the files
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is very distinct that it is a legislative
act, and, as such, not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, Mr. President; I
submit entirely to the ruling of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may,
perhaps, be permitted to suggest that all papers
unacted on at the end of the legislative session go
upon the files of the Senate, and will be there
found at the commencement of the next following
session.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am content with
having made this effort. Let it take its usual
course.
S. E. BENSON.
Mr. NICHOLSON offered the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved. That there; be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to the legal representatives ofS. E. Benson,
late a clerk in the office of the Secretary ot the Senate, the
Mini of $150 for funeral expenses, and an amount equal to
one quarter's salary of the deceased.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several communications, in writing, were re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and aftersome time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 14, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. An-
thony, Mr. Mason, and Mr. Wade, the commit-
tee authorized by the resolution of the Senate of
,the 8th instant, to consider and repoit what addi-
tional arrangements and regulations are necessary
to the preservation of order in the galleries of the
Senate.
DISTRICT MILITIA.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate, whether any portion of the imlitta of the
District ol Columbia, or any officer oi officers thereof, have,
since the 1st day of January last, been mustered into the
service of the United State?-, or put upon military duty in
said District, and received any, and what, pay or allowances
for 5>ueh duty or service; and what such duty or service was;
and under what authoiity of law, and to whom, such payor
allowance have been granted, and for what time; and
whether the same still continue.
Unless there be objection to it, I ask for its
present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. POWELL. I move that John T. Pickett,
late consul to Vera Cruz, have leave to withdraw
his papers, which were presented to the Senate a
few weeks ago and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. He desires them for the purpose ot
filing them in the State Department, in order to
have his accounts adjusted.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr, FOOT, it was
Ordered, That George W. Earhardt have leave to wuh-
diaw his petition and paper*..
FOIiTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there be no other business
before the Senate, I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I offered yesterday, making an inquiry
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should liku to have the
resolution read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
foim the Senate what forta., arsenal^, navy-yards, and other
public works, within the limits of the States of South Car-
olina, Geoigia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas, are now within the actual possession and oc-
cupation of the UnitedState?, and by what number of men
each is garrisoned and held, and whether lemforcements
ate necessary to retain the same ; and it so. whether the
Government has the power and means, under existing laws,
to supply such roinioicements within f-uch tunc as the
exigencies and necessities of the ease may demand; and
whether the defense and protection of the Pnited States
