1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
and their interests make it necessary and wise to retain
military possession of such Torts, places, and other property,
except at Key West and Tortugas, and to recapture and re-
occupy such others as the United States have been deprived
of by &eizure or surrendei, for any other purpose and with
a view to any other end than the subjugation and occupa-
tion of those States which have assumed the right to secede
from the Union, and within whose limits such foits and
other public property are situated; and if such be the mo-
tives tor recaptuiing and holding the forts and other public
property, what military force, including regulars and vol-
unteers, would be necessary to enable the United States to
i educe the said States aforesaid, and such Others'as are sup-
posed to sympathize with them, to subjection and obedience
to the laws ot the Union, and to protect the Federal cap-
ital.
Mr- FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say-
that I hope the resolution will not be taken up,
for the reason that it is quite obvious it is not a
matter on which we can act with any sort of
effect. This is a mere executive session of the
Senate; and the resolution, ifit contemplates any-
thing, contemplates legislation. There is another
resolution which I wish to have taken up, and I
hope this will not be taken up. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the question of taking up this reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the resolution will be
taken up. It concerns a matter which interests
the public very deeply. The whole public de-
sires to know whether we are to have peace or
war. I do not agree with the Senator from Maine
that the only object in taking it up must be to lead
to legislation. We are an executive body, too,
in some respects. We have the right to give ad-
vice.* It may be (I do not know but what it is)
the purpose of some member here to propose a
resolution of advice to the President in regard to
the present juncture of public affairs; and, in that
view, it may be very important to us to have the
information which is sought for in the resolution.
I believe we could not employ time better than m
obtaining this very information. I hope the res-
olution will be taken up.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 take leave to say, in this
connection, that 1 had myself prepared a resolu-
tion, though I do not know that I shall offer it—
and I consulted many Senators about it—to advise
the President to make a treaty with these States
in relation to that very property. Whether that
be proper or not, every one admits that the Sen-
ate and the President are the treaty-making power.
The President can make no treaty without the
consent of the Senate; and whatever the President
and the Senate do in that regard, is final, without
reference to the other House. In my judgment,
the true policy would be for the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
make a treaty with those States. Gentlemen who
differ "with me on this subject, will see cleat ly that
it might be within our jurisdiction to do such a
thing; and, therefore, any information relating to
that subject might very well be called for. I shall,
therefore, vote to take up the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois; and, indeed, I approve of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we ought to be per-
mitted to take up the resolution; and then the
objections urged, if well founded, can be urged
against its adoption. Certainly, there is no rea-
son why we should not be permitted to take it up,
and to explain the objects of the resolution. I
believe, on a motion to take up, the merits of the
resolution are noi debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair would rule, if a question
of order were made, that a motion to take up a
resolution for consideration does not involve the
merits.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Hence the objection to tak-
ing it up only operates to cut off debate on the
necessity of the inquiry. I trust we shall not be
cut oif from that debate, or from a statement of
the reasons which render it proper. Certainly,
it is not a resolution violating the usages of the
Senate. When the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] yesterday, suggested that question, I
called upon one of the clerks in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, to show me some of the
precedents; and he produced precedents at one ex-
ecutive session that occupied several pages—they
were almost innumei able—calling, by resolutions,
for information upon subjects that contemplated
legislation—estimates, statistics relating to com-
merce, navigation, manufactures—every kind of
information that might be necessary for future
legislation. It is clearly within the ©very-day
practice of a called session of the Senate to adopt
resolutions of inquiry.
But, sir, if this resolution be taken up for con-
sideration, I apprehend it will be shown that there
is immediate necessity for calling for the inform-
ation for which it asks, and great propriety in
having the information furnished now for the
wisest and best of purposes. I hope, therefore, we
shall be permitted to take it up. The objection
to taking up the resolution will not be conclusive.
If you refuse to take it up now, it will be in order
again to renew the motion in five minutes, ten
minutes, or an hour, to take it up. There is no
use, therefore, in cutting us off from the discus-
sion of the necessity or propriety of the resolu-
tion by refusing to allow it to be taken up.
Mr. MASON. The suggestion that I made
yesterday was only to enable me to have time to
look at the matter. I remembered, as otherSen-
ators did, that at a former called session, the ob-
jection had been made; I knew not how it had
been ruled; but 1 doubt not that the Senator is
right in the precedents. I think it expedient and
wise in every sense that this resolution should be
taken up and acted on. It calls for information
of very great moment to the States of this Union.
It is in the power of a majority of the Senate to
refuse to consider it; but if they do, it must neces-
sarily be construed into a suppression of the in-
formation asked for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have many objections
to the resolution itself; but I did not deem it
proper, on this motion, to suggest those reasons,
whatever they were. My own opinion is, that it
ought not to be taken up, for the simple reason
that I think it ought not to be passed; and that I
think a discussion on the subject will be unwise.
I therefore cannot withdraw the objection which
I made.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs>rs.Bayard, Bteckinridge, Bright, Clingman?
Douglas, Iiunter, Johnson, Latham, Mason, Mitchei, Nes-
imth, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, and Thomson—1G
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Coliamer, Cowan, JDoohttlc, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Gumes, Ildle, Hams>, Howe, King, Lane, Morrill, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Ejck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the motion of Mr. Douglas wasnotagreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
resolution which I laid on the table yesterday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask what is the first busi-
ness on the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The resolution referred to by the Senator from
Maine is on the table; and the only one remain-
ing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The first one on the table, I
asked for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair its
informed by the clerk that the resolution offered
by the Senator from Illinois was the first.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it was the first, it is now
the first, I suppose. I ask, then, for a vote on
that resolution, it being now up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There has been no motion
to lay it aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion of the Sen-
ator was to take it up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I moved to proceed to the
consideration of that resolution, and the Chair
submitted it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Chair rec-
ognized me as entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair rec-
ognized the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If in order, I move to
take up the resolution which I laid on the table
yesterday, for consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I moved to proceed to the
consideration of my resolution; the Chair sub-
mitted the question to a vote; but, upon inquiry
of the Chair, it now turns out that it was the first
on the Calendar, and hence it was the duty of the
Chair to state the fact that Jt was before the Sen-
ate without a vote. It being before the Senate
without a vote, it cannot be displaced except by
a vote of the Senate; and the Senator's motion to
take up another resolution, therefore, is not in
order, unless he moves to postpone the prior order,
which is the resolution offered by myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
of the Senator from Illinois, to take up or proceed i
to the consideration of the resolution referred to
by him, the Senate refused.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But it is yet before the Sen-
ate; the first business before the Senate, and can-
not be got rid of cxcept by postponement
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair h
obliged to treat the vote of the Senate refusing* to
take up that resolution, or to proceed to its con-
sideration, as postponing it for the time being*
Mr. DOUGLAS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, if the decision is that a refusal to
take*it up operates to postpone the resolution, and
displace it, I understand the Chair now to de-
cide that a refusal to touch the resolution operates
to displace it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refusing to take up that resolution for consider*
ation at this time, and the Senator from Maine
having the floor, and moving to proceed to the con-
sideration of another resolution, that motion is in
order, and is now the question before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let me inquire whether it
is in order to take up a subsequent resolution
without displacing the first one that is on the
Calendar. Does it require a postponement first?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate,
by its own vote, displaced the resolution for the
time being, and it gives way to a motion to take
up any other business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that there has been no mo-
tion to postpone it; no Senator has voted to post-
pone it; the Chair has not announced that it was
postponed. It cannot be that the Senate, by its
own vote, has postponed the resolution, because
that motion has not been made. The motion was
put to take it up; and that motion not being agreed
to, it is left exactly where it was when that mo-
tion was made; and if the Chair decides that the
vote just taken has postponed the resolution, 1
am under the necessity of appealing from the«de-
cision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair is, that the negative vote of the Sen-
ate on the motion to take up the resolution for
consideration, is a postponement of it for the time
being, and that a motion to take np any other
business is in order. Does the Senator from Illi-
nois appeal from that decision?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to make a
single remark on the question of order, and to
follow it by a suggestion to the Senator from Illi-
nois to withdraw his appeal. I think the decision
of the Chair is correct. The resolution of the Sen-
ator from Illinois was first upon the Calendar; and
if no Senator had taken the floor and made a mo-
tion, it would have been the duty of the Chair to
call it up without a motion. I was expecting the
Chair to do that before the Senator from Illinois
proposed that it should be taken up. But there
might be twenty or fifty resolutions upon the Cal-
endar, and it would be in order for any Senator
to rise and move to take up any one of them, with-
out regard to the period at which they had been
offered. These resolutions are simply on the Cal-
endar; neither of them is a special order. If the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois had been
a special oider, it would have been necessary to
postpone it, in order to take up any other busi-
ness; but the Chair having recognized the Senator
from Maine, it seems tome it was m order for him
to move to takeup the resolution indicated by him.
I think, then, if the Senator from Illinois will with-
draw his appeal, after the action of the Senate on
the motion of the Senator from Maine, it will be-
come the duty of the Chair, which he will doubt-
less execute, to call up, without a motion, the res-
solution of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do I understand that that
would be the state of the case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would be
the state of the case, and the Chair was about to
call up the business in order when the Senator
from Illinois made his motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I submit, then, to the Chair,
whether, if that was in order, it was not the duty
of the Chair to respond when I made my motion,
" that is the question now pending before the Sen-
ate?" I submit, whether I was not entitled to that
answer, that the measure I moved to take up was
before the Senate without a motion, instead of my
motion being submitted, and a negative vote taken
on it, defeating the very object that the Chair
knew I had in view ?
