1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4# 3
tion, which-was intended to be perpetual, but
was changed because it did not answer the pur-
pose for which it was created. Let our southern
friends follow this example, even at this late day,
and all may be yet saved. Better counsels will pre-
vail in such a body than in Congress. Men will
come fresh from the people, unembarrassed by
party politicsand party platforms. This refused by
the North, and then, and not till then, could vio-
lent remedies with any show of justice be invoked.
The Constitution was intended to meet just such
exigencies as now surround us; and hence, no
provision was made for the separation of the
States, and none for the coercion of States into
obedicnce to the fundamental law of the Union.
The men who made the Constitution were in the
practice of that peaceful remedy at the time, and
doubtless intended to leave the sattfc remedy and
noneotherto posterity. This remedy should still
be embraced, unless Congress?should promptly
submit to the Status some measure of pacification
and reunion.
No one pretends that thc*rightof secession is
given in the Constitution; and no one can seriously
pretend that, if practiced by a State, the act is not,
to some extent, a violent one, and in derogation
of the rights and interests of the other States.
The right or wrong of it in the estimation of the
world, like tlierightor wrong of revolution,must
depend in no inconsiderable degree upon the suf-
ficiency or insufficiency of the reasons that in-
duced it, and the consequences resulting there-
from. 1 think the reasons insufficient, and the
remedy not only futile, but unjust to others. I
deplore it, I deprecate the movement with all my
heart; and I would be willing to wield any proper
power in the Government, any peaceful means,
to arrest the movement, so that men might be in-
duced to look before they leap. Rut it is said,
on the other Bide, that the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States must be vindicated;
that rebellion, sedition, and insurrection must be
put down, the Union saved,and the laws executed
at all hazards. On these points, and as to the
duty and powers of the Government, I concur
mainly m what was said by the Senator from Il-
linois. No man denies that the laws should be
executed; but if the people of a sovereign State,
by a common voice, and in authoritative form,
threw olf their allegiance to the Federal Govern-
ment, and acknowledged another, how are you to
execute the laws within such a State, or carry
out any one of the functions of the Federal Gov-
ernment? To execute the laws, suppicss insur-
rection, and put down rebellion, is a nice theory,
and pleasanttnlk; but will gentlemen tell us how
it can be done against the united voice of a sov-
ereign State? When the people have thrown off
their allegiance to the General Government, and
acknowledge only that of the State, the Fedeial
Government may command the citizen to do
one thing, but his allegiance to the State would
requite him to do another; and so he is bound hand
and foot. You cannot carry mails, hold courts,
or collect revenues with the Army, even if you
had a laige one; but with all the Army this Gov-
ernment has at present, such awoikwould be
idle. What then? Shall we recognize the States
now claimirg to be out of the Union as de facto
Governments, and wage war against tliem, to re-
gain the jurisdiction of the United States within
their respective limits?
Before we do this, let us look at the fearful
alternatives. Such a war would not involve a
contest with five States only, but with twelve or
fifteen. He is a madman who closes his eyes to
this fact* However much the border States may
deprecate the action of the cotton States, and how-
ever bitterly they may lament that action and de-
nounce it, if you please, they have, with scarce an
exception, declared secession to be the right ofany
State, and that no war shall be made on a sister
State for the exercise of that right, however un-
wise that exercise may seem. Then, sir, it would
be a war with fifteen States on one side and eighteen
on the other. Let Senators who talk of war study
the picture ! Nothing in all the sad consequences
of dissolution can be so blasting and horrible, as
such a war, even though it, presented thejiope of
reestablishing the Union. Rut how fallacious and
delusive must be the idea of union through such
means! It involves the practice of disunion of the
most fatal type. Let war once commence, and the
Union is gone forever. What would be the pur-
pose of the war ? It must either be to chastise the
offending States, to gratify feelings of hostility
against them, to vindicate the honor and dignity
of the Government, or reconstruct the Union; but
it would fail to accomplish the one or the other.
What good end then will it subserve to shed the
blood of our race and kindred, who separate from us
politically, because they have believed they were
not treated as equals? States cannot be brought
back into the Union, or kept in the Union,by the
sword. It is impossible. Ours is a Government
of consent, and must be sustained by good will and
fraternal affection. By what earthly means can
you compel a sovereign State to perform the func-
tions of a member of this Confederacy'against her
will' Can you make her citizens hold office? Can
you make them legard your laws? Can you com-
pel them to elcct members of Congress, and can
members of Congress be forced to serve? Can
you collect revenues or taxes where no man will
perform the office of tax-gatherer? It is idle. I
say, therefore, that coercion is a mere phrase, a
sheer delusion. The idea of thirty-three States,
that failed to live in fraternal union, being reunited
by a Jong and bloody war, is startling. No, sir,
this never can be. And in saying this, I do not
mean to say that I would not force all the States
to remain, if I believed it possible; for no greater
service could be rendered them.
In my opinion, secession is the worst possible
remedy for the evils complained of by the south-
ern States, and coercion the maddest of all the
remedies suggested for secession. The States
ought to live in fraternal bonds; but if they will
not, shall one half put the other to the sword?
Such awarwould beoneofextcrmination. Neither
side could ever conquer; and if the northern States
could conquer, what would they do with the
southern States as provinces? TheSenatorfrom
Vngima met that point the other day so com-
pletely that I need not discuss it.' But God for-
bid that war should ever begin ! I am against it.
I am for peace; and I am ready to grant anything
in reason to reconcile the discontented States and
the offended people. 1 am icady to nnploie them
to remain in the Union; i am ready to fight for
their constitutional rights to the hist hour; but to
shed a brother's blood in a fratricidal war, I shall
be ready—never! never!
Rut still I have an abiding faith (hat the nation
can be saved; not by meie hosannas to the Union,
though 1 hke them exceedingly, it will require
woiks as well as faith. When Home was in the
full tide of her decline, it was the boast of the
Romans that, while the Colhseum stands, Rome
will stand. The boast was vain; for " time's effac-
ing finger" over points to the fallacy of the expect-
ation. The humbled pude and departed grandeur
of the once mistress of the world are a fitting com-
mentary upon worldly ambition. Still, the Amer-
ican boast, that while the Union stands, America
will stand, is far more wise and rational. But
means must be used. Then, boasts may be in-
dulged. The adoption of the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky, by the vote of all parties
in Congress, would at once give assurance of re-
union and continued union, and would be the
voice of peace and good will throughout the land.
What a blessed message it would be to go trem-
bling over the wires from State to State, from city
to city, from town to town, hill to valley, and
house to house, throughout this broad land; and
how many hearts would impulsively thank God
for his mercies 1 Our Government is too young
to end now. Comparatively speaking, it is in its
infancy. It has only seen the yeaisof a very old
man; and some there are still alive who lived be-
fore independence. Can it be that its existence
is to be so limited, so fleeting ? a sky-rocketamong
the nations, to rise and shine for a brief period,
and then sink to rise no more5 I do not believe
this. God has more in store for America than
this. It required the Roman empire about five
hundred years to reach the climax of its gioat-
ness, and about an equal period to decline and
fall. Babylon had existed sixteen centuries when
the mysterious characters on the wall gave the
affrighted king notice that the time of its down-
fall was at hand. The Athenian Government ex-
isted more than twelve tunes the period which
ours has been in existence. The English Govern-
ment has seen over six centuries since the days
of Magna Charta; the American Union has not
seen one. Could it be now saved and recon-
structed, as far as broken, might we not hope
that its foundations were to be deeper and firmer
than ever; that the ordeal through which it is now
passing would root its foundation^fpore effect-
ively and completely in the affections of the people?
But Senators talk of war; and it disturbs no
man's nerves that widely separated States and
communities should do so. The men of the arctic
regions of the United States, away up in Maine
and Vermont and Massachusetts, can shake their
gory locks at those inhabiting a neck of land in
the tropics of America, known as Florida; and
the Ftoridians,in turn, may manifest a belligerent
design. Such a fight will be bloodless; but it will
be far otherwise with the free and slave States,
bordering on each othfcr, should that be the line
of division. They will be within striking dis-
tance, and to them this war will be no idle bravado.
It will be a matter of life and death. Look at the
position of my own glorious old State. No broad
river, or high mountain, or deep chasm, or high
wall, divides her from the slaveholding States
From the waters of the Ohio to those of the Del-
aware,her broad side lies nestling close up against
the sides of her slaveholding sisters. First, on
the west, comes Virginia, then Maryland, and
then, full up in her generous bosom, rests her
little sister Delaware, with the heads of both re-
clining on the banks of the river where, at the
same moment, the rays of the morning sun may
kiss the brow of both. For four hundred miles,
from the Ohio to the Delaware, her south side re-
clines against the north side of slaveholding States;
mountain to mountain, hill to hill, valley to val-
ley, farm to farm, neighborhood to neighborhood,
brother to brother, sister to sister, hand to hand,
and heart to heart. The line has been, to frater-
nal citizens on either side, imaginary; they have
passed from the North to the South, and from the
South to the North, without even a thought that
it marked the beginning of a people strangers to
each other, much less aliens and enemies. All
along this line there has been marrying and giv-
ing in marriage. The sons of Virginia have mar-
ried the daughters of Pennsylvania, and the sons
of Pennsylvania have manied the daughters of
Virginia, and so has it been with Maiyland and
Delaware. That line is sanctified by all the ties
that can endear men to each other—political and
commercial ties; ties of interest, and custom; ties
of consanguinity and affection.
Great God ! Are all the.se to be severed ? Is this
line to mark the boundaries of enemies ? Impos-
sible! Humanity and justice forbid it. Penn-
sylvania will never become the enemy of Virginia.
Pennsylvania will never draw the sword on Vir-
ginia; and she is no less affectionate to her other
sisters. In good faith she has performed her part
in peace and in war. For many long years she
has endeavored to stay the tide of disaffection and
alienation between the two sections. She has
been truly the keystone of the Federal arch, and
the bulwark of the rights of her sisters. Like
some mighty peninsula between two heaving
seas, she has resisted and rolled back the waves
of discord and strife; but alas! the waves Have
risen higher and higher, and she is quite sub-
merged j until her counsels of peace are powerless.
For myself, I have but a few days longer to
serve here, when I shall return to share her fate.
She is my mother, and I love herwith filial affec-
tion. She has made me what little 1 am; and
though at times she has cherished and caressed,
and then frowned—whether smilingor frowning—
I love her still. Frowning though last she has
been just and generous; and come what may—
peace or war, weal or woe—her cause will be my
cause. 1 say to her in this presence, in the touch-
ing language of ineffable love: "Whither thou
goest I will go; where thou lodgest I will lodge;
thy people shall be my people; and thy God my
God."
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until
Wednesday, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope that these res-
olutions will not be made to give way to the
Pacific railroad. I will not repeat remarks I
have heretofore made on this question. The sub-
jects are both well understood by the Senate,and
i hope that that which relates to the nation and
the Union will not be postponed for a railroad
I do not wish to underrate, nor do I underrate,
the importance of that bill. *,
