494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Mr. POWELL- Mr. President, I desire to
address the Senate to-morrow on the resolutions
of my colleague, now under consideration. *
Mr. C0J^AMER. To-morrow is fixed for
the PacifiCrailroad bill.
Mi*. GREEN. What day does the Senator from
Massachusetts propose ?
Mr. WILSON. Wednesday,athalf past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a special order for
Wednesday, on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone tlfe fur-
ther consideration of the resolutions of my col-
league till to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. The* Pacific railroad bill is
the special order for to-morrow, at one o'clock;
and I hope that will not be interfered with.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to say a single
word before the question is taken. Of course, I will
not occupy the time of the Senate, because I never
make a speech. I never ha'd any ambition to
make speeches; and if 1 had, it would be all driven
•ut of my mind by the little attention that has
been paid to the able, the eloquent, and the proper
speech of my colleague. The whole world, it
seems to me, are now taken up with this question
of separation or union; and yet, out of this whole
Senate of sixty-six members, there were not a
dozen men at any one time listening to the speech
made by my colleague, representing one of the
greatest States in the Union. He came here to
offer the olive branch of peace; he came to save
the Union; and yet he was not listened to. Cer-
tainly, after seeing that demonstration, I shall not
make a speech; but I desire to state for the great
State of Pennsylvania, (and I say great, because
I believe herposition makes her great,) thatevery-
body there, 1 believe—certainly a very large ma-
jority of her people—will do anything consistent
with honor to save this Union. Daily I receive
letters innumerable, and I receive petitions signed
by the thousand, asking me to do something to
save this country. I desire to say that anything
I can do by my vote here as a Senator, I will do,
to prevent the separation of the South from the
North, or the North from the South. Wiiat we
can do, I do not know. 1 am very much inclined-
to vote for the propositions of my colleague.
They appear to me to be sensible and proper. I
only say now, that everything I can do will be
done to save this Union from separation; for I
consider its benefits to the human race far above
every other political consideration which can in-
terest the human race.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pout in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Pennsylvania
give way ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. Then I desire to say this: there
were a number of absentees on this Hide, for this
reason; we had so much confidence in the honor,
the patriotism, the integrity, and the good sense
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigj.er,]
that we did not think it necessary to sit still and
watch. As for the other side, they knew that they
were so adverse that it would do no good to wait;
and therefore there were but few members pres-
ent. It resulted from these two causes. Wehave
unlimited confidence in the Scnatorfrom Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Bigler,] in his honor, integrity, pa-
triotism, ability, and love of the Union. On the
other, side, they did not want to hear words of
honor, of patriotism, of tine devotion to the Con-
stitution, out of which the Union has grown, and
without which there is no Union. This is the
reason why there was a very thin Senate.
Now, one other word. The speech has been
made, well received, and I hope there will be no
unjust insinuation cast now to prejudice it. Let
it be read and considered by the public. If the
public will not approve it, they will condemn it.
if they do approve it, the Senator's insinuation
against it will react against himself. I think we
had better adjourn, and let the Senator from Ken-
tucky speak the next day this subject comes up.
As a motion is made to postpone it until to-mor-
row, I shall vote for it.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it was not
kind in the Senator fiom Missouri to talk about
insinuations. He knows I am a plain man. I
make no insinuations. I speak out even worse
tha.n I think; and certainly in regard to this great
question of the Union, I have nothing to conceal.
I want this Union preserved in its whole integ-
rity. I wish the gentlemen from the South who
left us this morning had waited until my colleague
made his speech. I wish they had only waited
until Pennsylvania had spoken before they left us.
Certainly, if they are sincere in their devotion to
the country, to the Union, and to the preservation
of peace, they would have done so; and all I ask
of the gentlemen who are still here, is to wait
until we act.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. As he seems, from the few
remarks he has made, to approve of the senti-
ments uttered by his colleague, I will ask the gen-
tleman, does he approve of what his colleague has
said ?
Mr. CAMERON. Very much, Mr. President.
I am very much inclined to go with my colleague;
and if that will save the country, I will say to the
gentleman from Georgia, positively, I will go
with him. I will go for that, and further still, to
save this great country from commotion and from
ruin. Has the Senator any more questions to ask?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I Impe l
shall be allowed one word. I wish to make this
remark, as a member of the Democratic side of
this Chamber: I think the words which have
fallen from the lips of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron,] instead of meeting with
opposition here, should be cherished by us. I
think he has manifested a spirit of patriotism and
of devotion to his country and to the Unioli of
these States that we all may well imitate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think so too.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I have just one word more
to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire give way?
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, I know he will. I say
to the Senator from Georgia, and to all gentlemen
here, if they will take the proposition of my col-
league, I will vote for it, and we will pass it, if
that will give us peace and preserve the Union.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator misunderstands
the objcctof my question. It was not whether he
approved the proposition of settlement which his
colleague haspresented to the Senate and the coun-
try; but whether he approved the sentiments which
the Senator from Pennsylvania uttered against the
coercion of the seceding States. That is the point
to which I wanted to call the attention of the Sen-
ator. I asked him whether he approved of it or
not?
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will answer
even that. Coercion is the last remedy to which
I would resort. I should dislike, above all things
in the world,to raise myhand against my brother.
Mr. GREEN. Is it a remedy at all?
Mr. CAMERON. It is a bad remedy.
Mr. GREEN. Is it a remedy at all >
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know that I should
ever resort to it; but certainly it is the last remedy
that I would resort to, to keep my brethren in my
family. I love them too much to imagine it would
ever be necessary to resort to coercion to make
them do their duty.
Mr. GREEN. As between the States of the
Federal Government, is it any remedy at all?
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to ask what is the
question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the subject now before the Senate
be postponed until Wednesday next, at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. MASON. On that question I want to say
a word. If I recollect aright, some two or three
days ago the resolutions offered by the Senator
from Kentucky were rejected by this Senate, and
resolutions offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] were substituted in their
place; and if I recollect aright, the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] voted to reject the
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky, and
voted to substitute for them the resolution of the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will answer that, if the
Senator wants me to do so.
Mr. MASON. I have not finished.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, when you are through.
Mr. MASON. If I recollect aright, the tenor
of the resolutions of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire was, that the Constitution needed no amend-
ment ; that what were spoken of in the resolutions,
if I remember correctly, as demands of the south-
ern States, were unreasonable; and if I recollect
aright, further, that the only remedy for the dif-
ficulties or the dangers now before the country
was to enforce the laws and the Constitution. If
I remember correctly, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] voted to reject the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky, and to sub-
stitute for them those of the Senator from New
Hampshire. If I remember further, aright, the
Scnatorfrom Pennsylvania, as he stated, at the
request of some gentleman, I know not who,
moved a reconsideration of that vote. The re-
consideration was had; but if I remember cor-
rectly, the Senator from Pennsylvania, who moved
the reconsideration, voted against it.
Mr. CAMERON*. All right. Mr. President—
Mr. MASON. I%ave not done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MASON. I advert to these facts only to
present them as a type of the condition of things
between the North and the South to my people,
and strongly to exemplify what I saw recently
in the newspapers, to which I call attention. The
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] whom I do not
now see in his seat, presented, a few days ago,
resolutions of his State. In the sixth resolution,
it was declared, as the sense of the Legislature of
Ohio, that all laws—or, I think, as the resolutions
expressed it, all enactments—upon the statute-
books of the States which were intended in any
manner to impede, or delay, or frustrate any laws
of Congress that were intended to execute the
provisions of the Constitution, should be repealed.
I do not remember the exact language; but it was
a clause that was pointed at what are called per-
sonal liberty bills m many of these States. It was
a declaration that they should be repealed. The
same mail that brought us those resolutions
brought information that the House of Delegates,
the lower House, in the State of Ohio, had rejected
a bill to repeal a law of that character.
Now, sir, 1 want to show to my people the dif-
ference between professions and practice. I illus-
trate it by what has fallen from the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] who has professed
here an entire coincidence of opinion with the
sentiments that have fallen from his colh ague,
and the purposes of his speech. I understand that
the purpose of the speech of his colleague [Mr.
Bigler] is this: to recommend resolutions that
he had offered, exactly of a character with those
offered by the Senator from Kentucky, as a sub-
stitute for the resolutions of the Senator from New
Hampshire; which resolutions have been adopted
by the Senator from Pensylvania, [Mr. Came-
ron,] in preference to the resolutions of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. I want to present it to the
people of my country as the difference between
professions and practice, with those with whom
we have to deal here.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it seems to
me the only difference between myself and the
very distinguished Senator from Virginia is, that
he seeks for some excuse for getting out of this
Unon, while I desire to preserve it by any sacri-
fice of feeling, and, I may say, of principle. To
me, this Union is above all things in the Govern-
ment. It seems to me that, for some reason or
other, he wants to go out, and to put the blame
on somebody else. I, on the contrary, am will-
ing to save the Union which his fathers and mine
cemented with their blood, at any sacrifice becom-
ing honorable and patriotic men.
The history of my connection with the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky is this: while
my State desires to make any sacrifice to save this
Union, and while I am willing to sacrifice my-
self, if necessary, to preserve the Union, I took
no part in that subject until after the resolutions
were lost, and the venerable and distinguished
Senator from Kentucky came to me, and asked
me to move a reconsideration, which I did to
gratify him, and to give another chance for a set-
tlement of this question. After I had done so, I
found there was no inclination on that side of the
House to make any compromise at all, but to put
us on this side on our bended knees, to ask for-
giveness from them. I have no forgiveness to
