1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145#
men are not members of the Senate; and, as a
consequence, that their names be omitted from
the roll; and I shall vote for this resolution,should
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Delaware prevail. But the resolution offered by
the Senator from Maine, after reciting that they
are not members of the, Senate, undertakes to as-
sign the reason; and the reason assigned is, m
substance, that they have abdicated their seats;
have renounced them; have declared that (hey are
not members, and have withdrawn. And then
it sroes on further to allege that, notwithstanding
that, those seats are only vacant; and thereby, as
a necessary inference—a part of the reason—that
there are seats on this floor now belonging to mem-
bers when they shall be elected from those States;
a position which I utterly deny. 1 cannot vote
for the resolution in that fuim;.because, were I to
do so, I should be necessarily committed by the
vote to a judgment on my part that those States
which have withdrawn fiom the Union are yet
members of the Union, and are entitled to send
Senators here. That is the implication, and the
necessary implication, from the resolution.
I will not go into an argument at all. The fact
that those gentlemen are not members is true; and
that their names should be omitted from the roll
follows as a consequence. But, for the reasons
assigned, I cannot vote for the resolution; because
that would imply, in my judgment, as one of
those voting in the affiimativo, that their seats
are vacant; when, in truth, there are no seats per-
taining to cither of those States. These are my
views of the question.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSEJNDKN. With the leave of the
Senate, I will move the modification suggested by
the Senator fiom Vngmut—that those names be
" omitted" fiom the toll. It now reads " strick-
en'' from the roll.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not make the motion at present, as the Senator
from Delaware is upon the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the substitute 1 have offered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Let me suggest to honorable
Senators another argument with reference to this
question, which, 1 think, will satisfy them that
my idea involved m the substitute is correct. Sup-
pose a ease where a Senator from any State of
this Union was instructed by the Legislature to
vote on a par Lieu inr measure, or a particular series
of measures, in a manner which he did not choose
to asseut to, and he did not believe it was in the
power of the Legislature to instruct him, and yet,
not choosing to" lesign, he determined to with-
draw from the Senate, and he should rise in his
place, and announce to the Senate: " My State
has msti ucted me to vote in favor of a cei tain res-
olution; i deny the right of the LegisltUme to in-
struct me; lam elected for a fixed term, and I
deny the right of instruction; 1 do not choose,
under the circumstances, to resign my seat in the
Senate; but I will withdraw from the Senate:"
•would that render his seat vacant ? Is that a res-
ignation ? Is it not precisely parallel to the pres-
ent case ? These Senators declared that they did
not resign; and resignation depends upon the act
of the party; but they believed, as the honorable
Senator from Virginia does, that the tact that the
State had sccedrd'rendercd them no longer mem-
1,( i-M of the Senate. The majority of the Senate
do not he I iove that the act of secession has any
effect whatevei m vacating the seats. On what
pi inc?pic is it, then, or what cause is it, that ren-
ders the seat vacant, according to the declaration
of that resolution * You say that the act of seces-
sion of the State has no such effect. Then, how
can it be that the declaration of the member, that
such is its eOect5 followed by a withdrawal,
amounts to a resignation '( I am unable to under-
stand it. Resignation depends upon the intent
and the will of the actor to resign the position
which he occupies. 1 do not see how you can,
uudei the circumstances, pass a resolution of this
kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I havo one single word
to sav in reply. I attach no kind of consequence
in reference to this question to the action of the
Staf'">, to its secession, or to any instructions it
ma v 21 \ e i r s Senatois. The seat, in my judgment,
could"not be affecti d in that way; but a seat may be
vacated by the Senator Imnseif holding the posi-
tion. Fie may do it with or withouta reason; he
may give good or bad reasons, sufficient or insuf-
ficient; the matter is with him, in his own mind,
and depends on his own action entirely. After
being elected, I agree with the Senator from Del-
aware, the State has no power over him during
the term for which he is elected—none at all, \n
my judgment. The Senator has power over him-
self, and may continue a member or not at his
own will and pleasure; except so far as he may
be operated upon by the body itself.
Now, sir, I stated the other day, what I state
again, that a resignation need not be in writing.
It depends upon no form of words. It is a thing
of itself to be inferred by the Senate, taken as the
Senate may choose to look at it. The facts with
regard to these cases werfc, that these Senators
gave certain reasons for their action. With their
reasons, I have nothing to do. If satisfactory to
them, they are satisfactoiy to me. They declared,
substantially, as I have set forth in the resolution,
that they wore no longer members of this Senate;
some in one form of words, and some in another;
and having made that declaration, they withdrew
from the Senate, carried out their expressed pur-
pose, and remain no longer members of the Senate
of the United States. I take that as a resignation
of their seats; perhaps other gentlemen may not;
but 1 have avoided that difficulty. J have simply
declared that they having made that announce-
ment and carried their thought into action, the
result is that the seats they held here are vacant,
so far as they are concerned, nobody else being
elected in their places.
I prefer that phraseology for the reason sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Virginia:
that it recognizes the fact of the seats being vacant,
and to be filled by those States whenever they
choose to fill them. That suits my idea of the '
exact state of the case, and is respectful to the
States themselves. I cannot coincide with my
honorable friend from Delaware, when he says
that this is, m any degree, offensive to the States
themselves. In fact, it is quite respectful to the
States. It is holding that there are seats here at
their disposal, at any time when they choose to
fill them, whether by one man or another, these
same gentlemen or others, or leave them vacant,
just as they please upon that subject. I hold,
theiefore, that the original resolution expresses
the fact, and is m proper phraseology, and I hope
it will pass instead of the one suggested by the
honorable Senator from Delaware, which goes no
length at all, except .simply to correct the roll,
which is not sufficient for the pmpose. j
Mr. BAYARD. I am unable to appreciate the j
force of the honorable Senator's argument. Res- j
lgnation, I admit, does not require any particular j
form of language; but it does lequire intent, the ;
intent of the actor to resign On the contrary, the \
actor m this case tells you, " 1 do not resign, but j
I entertain an opinion that the effect of the act of j
my State prevent me from claiming a s< at in the ]
; Senate, and therefore I withdraw." Suppose this
case, sir—and there is nothing at all improbable in
it: that the Senator himself did not believe that
the act of secession vacated his seat; and yet, out
of the deference he had for his constituents, he
should say, " I will not remain here and vote as a
Senator; i will withdraw from the Senate, although
I do not think the State has that right*," but
whether he thinks one way or the other, he does
not mean to resign, for he so tells you; and yet
you say it is a resignation, though you deny the
validity of the act of the State. Fam unable, Mr.
, President, to see how you can possibly construe
I a man's intent directly contrary to the language
i he uses. On what principle is it done ? The va-
I cancy of the seat in the Senate must be by some
i act which has that effect. Resignation, I admit,
will have that effect; there is no doubt of that; but
what then is the duty of the Senate? The Presi-
dent of the Senate ought to communicate to the
State that the seat m the Senate is vacant, in con-
sequence of the resignation of the Senator. That
would be the course which your action_ would
have to take. A Senator may suppose his State
has not the power to secede, yet, m obedience to
that confidence which exists between the constit-
uent and the representative, he may say, "
not remain and act in the Senate while my State
holds that doctiinc, though I think it wiong,and
I therefore withdraw." Now, then, you must
arrive at the conclusion that non-attendance of a
Senator in his seat amounts to a vacancyyor you
have no rightto declare that these, seats are-vacant.
If a Senator chooses to absent himself until his
term expires, or, at the end of any Congress, should
say, I shall no longer attend the sessions of* the
Senate during my term; I do not intend to resign;
but 1 mean to withdraw from the Senate for the
residue of my term;" you have a right to compel
his attendance under your rules; I admit you have
aright to send your Sergeant-at-Arms forJiim;
but the withdrawal of the Senator, accompanied
by the distinct declaration that he does not resign—
in other words, that he will not perform the duties,
but does not resign his seat-—cannot deprive him
of his right to a seat in the Senate of the United
States. He may change his mind,and come back
to the Senate. On what principle, then, can you
declare a seat vacant, where there has been no res-
ignation, unless some subsequent fact occurred,
which vacated the seat; and that is denied in the
present case. Theie is nothing here but the act
of withdrawal, accompanied with a declaration,
and that declaration is inconsistent with resigna-
tion.
Further, as I said, if my substitute is not adopted,
this question arises: the resolution before the Sen-
ate embodies a statement of fact which is not in
itself correct, as Mr. Brown never made any dec-
laration to the Senate whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the adoption of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Delaware, on which' the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ]2, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Haysm!, Breckimidqe, Fright, Cling-
man, flmiter, Masoiu Mitchel, Nicholson, Polk, 1'owelJ,
tiicc, and Tlioin<on—12.
NAYS—Me^r-s. Anthonv, Raker, Rin&hnm, Chandler,
Ckuk, Colhuner, Cowan, Doohttle, Douglas, Fessenden,
l-'oot, Foster, Grimes, Haiian, lJaru , Uovve, King, Lane,
Moiull, rfunmons Sumnoi, Ton Eyuk, Taunbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—i>6.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Chair un-
| deistand the Senator from Maine as proposing to
modify his i esolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I modify the
last clause, so as to make it read:
Their seats in tins IjckIv have thereby become vacant,
and the Secretary is directed to oroit tiicir n;uuei i'10111 the
loll Of i1101j) ijc!
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the reso-
lution, by striking out the name of Albert G.
Brown. Certainly, Mr. Brown made 110 declara-
tion of the kind recited ill the resolution; and I
suppose a resolution of the Senate ought not to
recite as a fact that which does not exist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know wliy Mr.
Brown's name should be stricken out.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
tell me that Mr. Brown ever stated to the Senate
that he withdrew? If he did, I am misinformed.
He did not open his lips in the Senate on the sub-
ject. He simply has not appeared m the Senate
since the day his colleague made his declaration,
or perhaps a day or two previous to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He stated in advance
what he would do, 1 think, and retired from the
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. He never made any statement
that lie withdrew from the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think he did.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator's res-
olution, as it stands now, declares Mr. Brown's
seat vacant by resignation, when he has never
made any declaration on the subject to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think—and that is the
reason I put his name in—that Mr. Brown made
a speech here one day stating in advance what lie
was about to do in consequence of certain action
of his Stafe, which he expected to take place.
We were afterwards notified that that action had
taken place, by his colleague, and they both with-
drew. I conceived it to be the same tiling entirely;
I could not recognize any distinction between the
cases.
Mr. BAYARD. I will only say that the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
may, in the course of debate here, often have said
wnat he would do; but that is not doing it. That
he did not declare that he had resigned ins seat in
the Senate, is very certain. Now, a declaration
that a member might make prospectively of what
he intended to do, certainly could not amount to
