1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
an act done, on any principle. It is no light mat-
ter to declare the seat of a Senator vacant on a
supposition. The principle is a very dangerous
one, to assume that a man has done an act, be-
cause he told you at an antecedent day that he
would do it. He never did declare so to the Sen-
ate; he never did tell you he would withdraw;
but he just chose to withdraw. He never did tell
you that he resigned. The other Senators who
are spoken of did formally announce their de-
termination to withdraw from the Senate, in con-
sequence of the action of their States; Mr. Brown
never made such a declaration.
Mr. "WILSON. I will not attempt to quote the
language of Mr. Brown*, but he did make some
sort of a declaration in regard to this matter, and
left the Senate. I remember it distinctly, and I
suppose the debates will show the precise words
he uttered. It will be remembered that, after his
State went out, his colleague, Mr. Davis, was
sick for several days, and could not attend the
Senate. Mr. Brown said in substance, here in
the Senate, near the spot where the Senator from
Delaware now sits, that, owing to the action of
his State, he should not take any further part in
the Senate; and that he had seen his colleague,
and his colleague agreed with lum in regard to the
matter. A day or two after, Mr. Davis came into
the Senate, and made his farewell speech to the
Senate, and left. It seemed that those Senators
had held a consultation in regard to the matter,
and Mr. Brown made a very brief statement of
what he should do, and Mr. Davis, a day or two
afterwards, came m and made a formal address to
the Senate on the subject. That is my recollection
of it,
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish merely to state a fact.
The State of Mississippi passed her ordinance on
the 9th of January. Senator Davis, on the 10th,
appeared m theSenateand made his speech with-
drawing from the Senate. 1 do not think that
Mr. Brown made any declaration that he would
withdraw from the Senate. He may have re-
marked that he should obey whatever his State
did, m some preceding speech; but on the 9th of
January, Mississippi withdrew, and on the 10th
Mr. Davis appeared in the Senate, and made his
speech of withdrawal. I do not think there was
any declaration of M r. Brown, after his State had
withdrawn, stating that ho would retire from the
Senate. I therefore prefer that his name should
be stricken out.
Mr. POLK. If this amendment is resisted on
the part of the Senator from Maine, I shall ask
for the yeas and nays. I do not tlunk the Senate
ought to avow as a fact a thing which did not
actually occur.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator to with-
draw the call of the yeas and nays for the present.
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment that I think will obviate the difficulty. We
now have doubts on questions of fact. Perhaps
we can avoidany decision upon these controverted
questions and accomplish the object, and put the
resolution in such a form that all will vote foi it.
I propose (.hat the resolution be amended so ay to
declare that these gentlemen " having ceased to
be members of the Senate, the Secretary be di-
rected to omit calling their names." I think we
can have a unanimous vote for that. All agree
that they have ceased to be members; some for
one cause, and others for another cause. The
main point is to settle that they are not any longer
membeis of the body, and that then* names shall
be no longer called. I merely suggest it to the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that that
settles that their seats are vacant. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, " having ceased to be j
members." You may add the words, " and their ■
seats having become vacant," if you choose. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator j
from Missouri ask for the yeas and nays on the !
amendment of the Senator from Delaware? ■
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Illinois offers ;
his amendment, I do not think it desirable to ask i
for the yeas and nays on the other question. If i
that is adopted—and [ shall cordially vote for it— •
there will be no necessitv for tins amendment. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment of the Sen- ;
ator from Delaware.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the yeas and nays. ii
The yeas and nays were ordered. ,
Mr. COLLAMER. Modifications of form in
relation to this resolution may require some little
thought and reflection. It may be that it can be
so arranged as to be agreed to all around, i think
we had better take a little time about it, and I
therefore move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. "WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred a com-
munication of the Secretary ofWar, transmitting
reports of Major Steen and Lieutenant Mullan,
of the Army, relative to the movements of troops
overland to the northern portion of the depart-
ment of the Pacific, have directed me to report
that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was the ruling
of the Chair yesterday that no reports from com-
mittees on legislative matters were in order, and
this comes within precisely that class of business.
SENATORS FROM SECEDING STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate had
under consideration, when it went into executive
session, a certain resolution which is now before
it as unfinished business—the resolution submit-
ted by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fbssen-
den;] and the question before the Senate was on |
adopting the amendment offered by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to strike out the
name of Albert G. Brown. That is the pending
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the yeas and
nays have been ordered on that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will offer the
amendment which I understand he means to pro-
pose, it will obviate the necessity of taking this
vote.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from
Maine, that if the amendment to which the Sen-
ator from Illinois refers as being in contempla-
tion is the one that the Senator from Illinois sug-
gested, it, if adopted, will avoid any necessity for
this vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ci.ark] is drawing a modifica-
tion, which I suppose will be accepted by the
Senator from Illinois, and to which I shall make
no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Still the question
pending before the Senate is on the. amendment
to stnke'out the name of Albert G. Brown.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is withdrawn by unan-
imous consent, 1 understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, it will be so considered; and the Chair
hears none.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest an amendment which
may be satisfactory; to substitute for the resolu- ■
tion the following: • !
Whereas the seats of Alb* lir G Hrowv and rson '
Davis of Mississippi, fchr.i'iien R. Mallory ot Floruit, i
Ci.fmi-Nr C.Clay, jr. ot Alabama, Koiu:rt Toombs ot !
Ocoigici, ami Judau P. Benjamin of Lom-iana, a5 mem- !
bcr< of the Scn.ttc, have become vacant: Therefore, j
Resolved, That the Societal v he duected to omit theii !
names respectively trom the roll, j
Mr. MASON. I do not recollect the language
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois; but I am informed, and I think correctly,
that the language was, that these gentlemen have
ceased to be members of the Senate. 1 cannot
sec any objection to that. Why they ceased, is
a matter for history. The fact is, that they have
ceased to be members. But the resolution, in its
present form, recites that the seats they occupied
are vacant, and it would result that there are seats
here appropriate to Senators from those States
which are vacant.
Mr. CLARK. I prefer this language, because
it follows the Constitution in declaung that the
seats have become vacant.
Mr. MASON. The Constitution, of course,
means that the seats of Senators from States which
are parties to the Union may become vacant: but
when there are States outside of the Union, they
can have no seats here. That is the difference
between the gentleman and me.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think it is neecssorv
to go into that question. It is sufficient for us if
we follow the language of the Constitution. Gen
tlemen may have their reasons, and I may have
mine. " We need not quarrel about the reasons.
The fact is all we need declare.
Mr. BAYARD. The seats are certainly va-
cant.
Mr. MASON. Senators may have it in their
own way. 1 shall not vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I am at liberty to adopt
this substitute as an amendment to the resolution
I offered, I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not within the
power of the Senator to adopt it now. The reso-
lution he offered is no longer within his control,
votes having been taken upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be done by gen-
eral consent, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from Maine may adopt this
as a substitute. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none. The question, then, is on the reso-
lution, as modified.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that it be read once
more.
The Secretary read the resolution,as modified,
as follows:
Whereas the seats heretofore occupied by Albert G.
Brown and Jefferson Davis of Mississippi Stephen R.
Mallory of Florida, Clement C. Clay, jr. of Alabama,
Robfrt Toombs of Georgia, and Judau P. Benjamin of
Louisiana, as members of tiie Senate, have become vacant:
Therefoie,
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to omit their
names respectively from the roll of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Will it be in order now to offer,
as a substitute for that, the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois? This is now an
original resolution, 1 understand.
The VICE PRRSIDENT. The Chair thinks
that would be in order.
Mr. MASON. Then I offer it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Instead of " whereas the
seats have become vacant," I propose, if it is
amendable, to say, " whereas they are now ab-
sent."
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the constitu-
tional requirement.
Mr. JOHNSON. The fact is, they are absent,
and therefore we omit to call their names.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Tennessee submit that amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on amending the resolution by stiikmg out all
after the word " resolved," and inserting what is
proposed by the Senator from Virginia. It will
be read.
The Secretary rend, as follows:
That Albert G. Brown and Jefferson Davis of Mis-
sissippi, S'itpiifn It. Mallory of FJoiida, Clement C.
Clay. jr. of Alabama, Robert Toombs of Georgia, and
Jrnui 1\ Benjamin of Louisiana, having ceased to be
members of the Senate, the Secretary he directed to omit
then names fiom the roll.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have merely to say that
that does not declare anything by which we are
authorized to leave the names off The Consti-
tution declares that " vacancies" may " happen by
resignation or otherwise." This does not declare
that at all.
Mr. MASON. I am not aware that the Con-
stitution requires that we should assign the reason
why the seats are vacant. The Senate can de-
termine that. If they are vacant by resignation,
declare it; but if they are not occupied for other
reasons, I do not deem it necessary to assign the
reasons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment does not
declare that they ate vacant.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breckimidge, Bright, Clingman, Hun-
ter.Mason, Mitchel, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, and Rice—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Bmyham, Clmiidk-r, Cl<uk,
Collainer, Cowan, Doohttle*. Fesseiiden, Foot, Foster. IJaj-
lis, Howe, Johnson, King, Lace. Mondl, Nu-.nuth,
mom, Sumner, Ten E>ck, Tiumbull, Wade. Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The-motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
