THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
r-rf.
Special Session, 37tii Cong.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20, 1861.
NEW §ywEs.,..^'p;i.*9S.! £
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 15, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrley.
The Journal ofyesterday wasread and approved.
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What is the first business in
order ?
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The reception of
resolutions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the first resolution
on the table be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
in order will be the ofiermg of resolutions by
Senators. If there be no resolutions 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing order, and ask for its present consideration:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate procure fiom
the publishers, Ebi the Library of the Senate, twenty copies
oftlie Annals and ltegister of Debates oi Congress, and pay
foi the same out ot the contingent fund of the Senate, at a
price not exceeding that heretolore paid for the same.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over, objection being made.
STEEN AND MULLAN's REPORT.
Mr. WILSON. I was directed, yesterday, by
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia,
to report back a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, m compliance with a resolution j
of the Senate, communications from Major Steen
and Lieutenant Mullan, relative to the movement
of troops overland to the northern portion of the
department of the Pacific, with a request, as it
contains a certain kind of information, that it be
printed. I presented it yesterday; and it was, I
believe, thought not to be strictly in order. I have
lookqd over the record since, and 1 believe we may
print it as a matter of information. It does not
propose any legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair, yesterday, was, that it was like the
one of the previous day, which had been com-
mitted to a committee. The Chair learns, on in-
vestigation, that this subject has been committed
at this session, and is not one that requires any
other action than that of the Senate. A motion
to print, therefore, is in order.
Mr. NESMITH. Having offered the resolu-
tion to which tins is the reply from the Secretary
of War, which is now in the hands of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I ap-
prehended, at the time the President overruled
the motion oftlie Senator from Massachusetts to
print, that there was an error predicated on the
idea that the reply of the Secretary of War looked
to legislative business, it is perhaps proper that
I should explain that nothing of the kind was con-
templated. Having understood that certain in-
formation was in the War Department, relative
to the facilities of transporting troops across the
northern route, it being a question which inter-
ested my constituents, and interested the entire
people of the Pacific coast, as well as the people
of the northwestern States of this Union, I re-
garded it as my duty to have the resolution brought
up in the form m which was for the purpose of
having the facts which were on file from Major
Steen and Lieutenant Mullan, both officers of
distinction m the United States Army, that they
might be published, and that the people who now
contemplate emigrating across the continent by
that route may have the advantage of the experi-
ence of those officers. That was the only object
which induced me to offer the resolution; and the
question of printing is the only one about which
1 have any anxiety, that those who contemplate
emigrating may have the benefit of the experience
of those officers in their official reports now on file
in the War Department, a copy of which the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
has presented.
The motion to print was agreed to.
TROOPS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. MASON. I desire to offer a resolution:
Wheieas the presence of a militaiy force, concentrated
92
and permanently quartered at the seat of Government of the
United Stales, is a departure from all'former usage of the
Government, and dangerous to the rights and liberties of
the people: Therefore,
Rcwlced, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate what is the number of troops of the Army of the
United States now quartered in tins city, the respective
arms ot service to winch they belong, and the purpose for
which thoy were biought here. And that lie further inform
the Senate, when the ^aid troops are to be withdrawn from
this city; and if not to be wuhdtawn, for what purpose
they are to be retained here; and whether it is in contem-
plation of the Executive to increase said force, and to what
extent.
Mr. WILSON. I object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES-
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further resolutions, the next business in order is
the resolutions on the table which have heretofore
been submitted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the first one be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution is in order, which will be read by the Sec-
retary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate wh.it foi ts*<trsenah>, uavy-yaids, and other
pubhe wotks, within the limits oi the States of South Car-
olina, Geoigia, Floixda, Alabama,Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texa?, are now within tlie actual po&sesMon and oc-
cupation of the Uniti'd Stilton, ami by wliutnumberof men
each is gaiiixoticd and held, and whether reinforcements
aie necessary tu letam the same; ami it so, whethei the
Government has the powvi and me.nih. uiuh'i existing laws,
to fnipply such leinlbieemonts within s-uch timu as the
exigencies and necessities of the case may demand ; and
whether the deleave and piotecuon of the" United States
and their interoits m.iUo Jt necessary and wise to retain mil-
itary pn-bCb^io!' of s-uch toits places, and othei piopeity,
except at Key West and Toiunja^, and to iccaptine and
leoecupv *>ueh otliei> as the United States have been de-
prived of byseiznre orsniicnder loi any other purpose, and
with a view to any othei end than the subjugation and oc-
cupation of those States which have assumed the right to
eecede fiom the Union, and within whose limits such forts
and othei public pioperty aie situated; and if such be the
motives lor lecaptuumjand holding the toits and other pub-
lic piuperty, what luihraiy foiee, including regulars and
volunteer*, would be neee^saiy to enabh' the United States
to reduce the State* aforesaid, and such othets as are sup-
posed to sympathize with them, to subjection and obcdience
to the laws of the Union, and to protect the Fedeial capital.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to move an amendment ? I do not wish
to take the floor from hnn, but simply to show
what 1 shall propose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; I will allow the
Senator to move it now. *
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out all of the
resolution after the words " retain the same," six
or eight lines from the beginning.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let so much of the resolu-
tion as it is proposed to strike out be read.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows:
"And if so, whether the Government lias the power anil
means, under p\i-r;nrr I:i w<, to supply such reinforcements
within such tune as the exigencies and necessities of the
ease may demand : and whethei the defense and protection
of the United Stated and their interest3 make it accessary
and wise to retain military possession of such foils, places,
and other property, except at Key West and Tortugas, and
to recapture ami reoeeupysuch others an the United States
have been deprived of by seizure 01 suuender, lor any other
purpose and with a view to any othei end than the subju-
gation and occupation of those States which have assumed
the right to secede lrom the Union, and within whose limits
such forts and other public property aie situated; and if
such be the motives foi recapturing and holding the forts
and otiier public property, what military toice, including
regulars and volunteers, would bo necessary to enable the
United States to leduce the States aforesaid, and such others
as are supposed to sympathize with them, to subjection and
obedience to the laws of the Union, and to protect tile Fed-
eral capital.
Mr. CLARK. I will modify my amendment,
by moving to strike, out all after the words " Uni-
ted States." There may be a reason why we
should not tell how many men garrison the forts.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the Secretary read so
much as that will leave in the resolution.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lie requested to* in-
form the Senate what forts, arsenals, navy-yaids, and other
public works, within the limits of the States ot'South Car-
olina, Georgia, Fiouda, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
, >: " 1 1 tji"i iiii'i'W),i i -iji! 'iii.-i).,jj,.
and Texas, are now within the actual possession and oc-
cupation of the United States. " 1
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot accede, of course*
to the amendment proposed by tlje, Senator froffli.
New Hampshire; for its adoption would defeat
the entire object of the resolution. Itwasnotmy
purpose, when I offered the resolution, to. say:
anything upon it until we should have received
th^information sought to be obtained by the.in-
quiry. I think the information which it is pro-
posed to elicit is very important to the quiet and
the peace of this country. The .public mind now
is greatly disturbed by apprehensions of civil war.
The inaugural address of the President is under*
stood by many in both sections of the Union as
indicating a war policy. If we allowibese appre-
hensions to ripen into a conviction that the Ad-
ministration does meditate a war policy to reduce,
to subjection the seceded States by military forces
I apprehend that we shall find a terrific issue pre-
cipitated upon us in shorter time than many of us
imagine. I do not believe such to be the policy
of the President. 1 do not so .understand his in-
augural. 1 have already stated to the Senate the,
construction that I have placed upon it. THecor-j
rectness of that construction is disputed 'On this,
side of the House., i T-he Repubjican side of the
Chamber remains mute and silent, neither assent-
ing nor dissenting.
In this state of the case, for the purpose of
quieting the apprehensions of the country, and
demonstrating, first, that the President does not
meditate war; and,secondly,that he has no means
forprosecutinga warfare upon the seceding States,
even if he desired,! bring in this resolution. At-
tempts are made to prevent its consideration. It
is suggested that the discussion of it at this time
would be, if not improper, at least injurious.
What bad effects can result from answering the
inquiries contained in the resolution? If the policy
of the Administration be peace, and if the answer
be such as I anticipate it will be, it will quiet the.
country; it will relieve these apprehensions; it
will restore confidence; it will cause rejoicing
throughout the length and breadth of the land.
If, on the contrary, the .policy be war., it is due
to the people of the United States that that fact
should be known, and that we bo informed whither
we are drifting, in order that we may see whether
we are willing to be drawn into war irregularly,
without the sanction of Congress or the consent
the country.
I believe that the answer to this resolution will
quiet the country, and restore good will and. good
feeling among the people of the different sections.
I repeat the conviction that Mr. Lincoln does not
meditate war. Certain I am that, under the laws
as they now exist, he cannot, consistent with his
oath, do any act that will produce collision be-
tween the seceded States and the Federal Gov-
ernment. In the first place, he has no power,
under the existing laws, to collect the revenue on
ship-board, as is suggested by the partisan press.
By the laws of the land, the revenue must be col-
lected at the ports of entry, and in the custom-
houses designated by law, and cannot be collected
anywhere else, except in specific cases provided
in the law itself. By reference to the act of the
2d of March, 1799, it will be seen that South Caro-
lina is divided mto three collection districts; that
three ports of entry are established; one at George-
town, one at Charleston, and one at. Beaufort; and
a collector,.surveyor, and naval officer, are to be
appointed " to reside at Charleston 33 The custom-
house officers are required to reside at the ports of
entry designated in the law. So it is with all the
collections districts in all the other States. An-
other section—section eighteen—of the law makes
it unlawful to enter goods or collect revenue else-
where than the "ports of entry" designated in the
law. It expressly prohibits the collection of reve-
nue or theentryofgoodsat any other place. Then,
a subsequent section—section eighty-five of the
samelaw—makes one exception to this rule; and
that is, in case a vessel is prevented by ice from ap-
proaching the pier or wharf at the port of entry,
the captain, on application to the collector, may
