1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
in all things except that my estimate was not big
enough; it would take nearer twenty thousand
than ten thousand land troops, besides the naval
force. I saw the laugh and smile go over their coun-
tenances when I announced that on a given day
Major Anderson had rations of bread and salt for
thirty-one days, meat for forty-three days, and
fuel for fifteen days, and no more. Unfortunately
Foil have all learned to respect the figures. Now,
should like to have you adopt this resolution,
and let us know whether the rumor be true that
it will' take two hundred and eighty-five thousand
men to carry out the programme of reducing these
States to subjection, and holding them in obedi-
ence to our laws. I do not say it will. I do not
say that any such estimate has been made. I
have no authority for saying it. Let us get- at
the facts. The truth cannot hurt anybody.
Then, sir,let us go a little further, and find out
what the estimate is, orwillbe,forsupportingthis
force in the field. I should like to know whether
it is estimated that it will require $1,000,000 for
every regiment of nine hundred men in the field,
and'whether it will require $316,000,000 to keep
that number of men in the field for a single year.
If this be the estimate, or if it shall approach these
figures, I should then like to know where the
money is coming from to supply those men in the
field. You have just made a tariff; but I do not
think you will get $300,000,000 of revenue out of
that. If you get $50,000,000 you will be more
fortunate than I think you will be. I have not
consulted the late chairman of the Committee on
Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] whose opinion I would
appreciate higher than any other man's on the
subject; but f have no hesitation in expressing
the conviction that you cannot devise a tariff by
which you can raise $100,000,000 per year. Where
are the other $200,000,000 coming from? Will
you resort to direct taxation? Is it your purpose
to rush this country blindly into war at a cost of
$300,000,000 per annum; to levy $200,000,000 of
direct taxes upon the people, and then call upon
them to pay it because you have involved us in
civil war? Sir, I expect to stand by my country
under all circumstances; and hence 1 will save
her, if I can, from being plunged into a civil war
of indefinite duration, that will require a quarter
of a million men and exorbitant taxation, levied
on one half the American people, to subdue the
other half. Remember, this extraordinary amount
of revenue, these extraordinary numbers of men,
arc lo be called for in eighteen Stales to fight fif-
teen; for it is useless to disguise the fact, that
whenever you make the question one of peace or
war, the slaveholding States will Be a unit, and it
will be eighteen against fifteen. Are we prepared
for civil war, with all its horrors and calamities?
Let your policy be proclaimed to the world, and
let the people determine the question. Silence is
criminal when we are on the eve of events like
these.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Eve of an election ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; not on the eve of an
election, but of bloodshed and civil war. I have
not concealed my opinions or objects; the Sena-
tor has concealed his. I therefore can justly say,
if the pending elections control men's actions on
this question,he dodgeson theeve of an election:
I proclaim boldly the policy of those with whom
1 act. We are for peace. There is no conceal-
ment on this side. If this equivocation, this con-
cealment, is in consequence of being on the eve
of ail election, it applies only to the Republican
side of the Chamber.
I repeat, it is time that the line of policy ■
adopted, and that the country knew it. In
• was
In my
opinion, we must choose, and that promptly,
between one of three lines of policy:
1. The RESTORATION AND PRESERVATION OF THE
Untojj by such amendments to the Constitution
as will insure the domestic tranquillity, safety,
and equality of all the States, and thus restore
peace, unity, and fraternity, to the whole country.
2. A peaceful dissolution of the Union, by
recognizing the independence of such States as
refuse to remain in the Union without such con-
stitutional amendments, and the establishment of
a liberal system of commercial and social inter-
course with them by treaties of commerce and
amity.
3. War, with a view to the subjugation and
military occupation of those States which have
seceded or may secede from the Union.
I repeat that, in my opinion, you must adopt
and pursue one of these three lines of policy. The
sooner you choose between them and proclaim
your choice to the country, the better for you, the
better for us, the better for every friend of liberty
and constitutional government throughout the
world. In my opinion, the first proposition is
the best, and the last the worst. Why cannotwe
arrive at some amicabte adjustment of the ques-
tions in dispute? The President of the United
States has told us clearly and distinctly the causes
which have produced these difficulties. I think
he has stated them truly, frankly. He says these
troubles all arise from the absence of an express
provision of the Constitution defining the power
of Congress over the question of slavery. If it
be true, that the troubles arise from the absence
of such aprovision, it necessarily follows that the
true remedy is the supplying of such a provision.
Hence the President has marked out clearly the
path to be pursued to arrive at an amicable solu-
tion. The exercise of doubtful power—power
derived from inference and construction on the
question of slavery—has led to these troubles. On
that side of the Chamber there is a party that has
stood for years pledged to the principle that Con-
gress must prohibit slavery in all the Territories.
In another quarter of the Union there is a party
that stands pledged to the principle that Congress
must protect and maintain slavery in all the Ter-
ritories. There is no express provision in the
Constitution authorizing Congress to do either.
The President tells us that the absence of such a
provision is the cause of the trouble. Then let us
adopt such an amendment to the Constitution as
will clearly define the power of Congress over the
slavery question, and thus put an end to the con-
troversy.
I really cannot see what difficulty my Repub-
lican friends, if they will allow me to call them
such, can have in meeting us on this question.
They have already learned thatlesson which every
party passing from the minority to the majority
must learn: that they are compelled to do in the
majority a great many things which they con-
demned when out of power. For years, that
party has aimed its shafts at my breast, because
1 denied the right and the policy of Congress pro-
hibiting slavery in the Territories. For years,
they have appealed to the people to support their
claims to office, because they were in favor of the
prohibition of slavery in the Territories by Con-
gress, and denounced those of us who were in
favor of non-intervention upon that subject as
pro-slavery extensionists. Well, they have at-
tained power by these appeals. They have come
into office on the success of these appeals. No
sooner had they elected their Piesident than they
discovered that they could not carry out then-
principles of congressional prohibition without
destroying the country; and what did they do?
I rejoice to be enabled to say that they acted like
patriots. The enlarged statesmanship and broad
patriotism displayed by the Republican Senators
here, and the Republican Representatives in the
other House, during the last session, in repudiat-
ing the whole doctrine of the Wilniot pioviso, in
abandoning the ground on which they had stood
for years, and coming over to the Democratic doc-
trine of non-intervention, is woitliy of all praise.
In passing the territorial bills for Colorado, Da-
kota, and Nevada, on the piinciple of non-inter-
vention and popular sovereignty, without the
Wilmot proviso, shows that they have really aban-
doned their whole aggressive policy in the Terri-
tories. I do not refer to this in any spirit of un-
kindnoss or crimination. I do not do it as a taunt
of inconsistency. I refer to it as an evidence of
patriotism on their part for which all Union-loving
men will give them due credit. I have always
told them that they could never carry out their
piinciples withoutdestroyingtheircountry. They
did not believe it then; but the moment they got
into power, they discovered that I had been right,
and they had been wrong the whole time they
had been abusing and denouncing me. It required
men of more than ordinary courage, more than
ordinary magnanimity, more than ordinary devo-
tion to country, to abandon their errors so prompt-
ly, and to come over and join their old adversary
so quickly, and with such unanimity. I receive
you kindly. [Laughter.] I welcome you upon
the non-intervention platform. I forgive you all
the acts of unkindness, all the insults and slanders
that have been poured upon my devoted head, for
this one act of self-sacrifice and devotion to the
country, in abandoning the aggressive policy and
coming to the doctrine of non-intervention upon
the subject of slavery in the Territories.
Having done this much, it seems to me there
ought to be very little difficulty in our arriving at
a fair and just compromise on this question. I
believe this Union would be safe; that every State
now in it -would remain, and the cotton States
would come back, if the Republican party would
now consent to ingraft upon the Constitution the
identical principle that they have unanimously
voted for in both Houses of Congress in organ-
izing the Territories of Colorado, Dakota, and
Nevada, at the late session. If you never intend
again to advocate the Wilmot proviso, if you do
not intend any more to arouse the passions of the
people in favor of congressional prohibition, all
you have to do, in order to restore peace, is to
agree to deprive yourself of the power to do that
which you now say you do not intend to do, and
which you have just refused to do. All the Ter-
ritories are now organized. Every foot of terri-
tory we have got, except that dedicated to the
Indians west of Arkansas, which could not be dis-
turbed, is now organized on the principle of non-
intervention.
A pretty large number on the other side of the
Chamber stood with me politically in 1848, when
this slavery agitation was first fairly inaugurated;
beginning with the Presiding Officer, and every
second man on the other side of the Chamber.
They were all good Democrats in 1848, and many
of them in 1852; many others as late as 1856; but
they dropped off one by one,and went overto the
common enemy, until they have loft us in a small
minority on this aide of the Chamber. And upon
what principle did they leave us—did they aban-
don the Democratic party—and go to the Repub-
licans? On the simple proposition that we were
for non-intervention and you were for congres-
sional prohibition. Well, it has proved a good
hobby to ride into oliice upon. You have rode
into power upon it. We do not complain. You
have since abandoned the principle and repudiated
Lhe means by which you attained power. We do
not object to that. All we ask is, inasmuch as
you have kicked over the ladder by which you
ascended to your exalted position, and have now
planted yourselves firmly upon the ground upon
which we have stood from the beginning of the
controversy, that you will not at the next election
attempt to inflame the passions of the northern
people upon the slavery question, by pretending
to be m favor of congressional prohibition, while
we Democrats are advocating non-intervention.
You may succeed once in obtaining power on one
set of principles and administering the Govern-
ment upon another; but it is a dangerous experi-
ment to attempt to play thatgame too often. The
first time it may very properly be called patriot-
ism, at least by courtesy; but the second may
possibly be another name.
1 must do justice to that side of the Chamber
in citing another act of self-denial and of patriot-
ism on their part. Last year, before the election,
they hurried through the House of Representa-
tives, by a strict party vote, a bill to repeal the
slave code of New Mexico and to prohibit sla-
very therein. Tliey manifested great zeal in try-
ing to get it up and pass it through this body; but
we would not let them doit. They were exceed-
ingly grieved because they could not at oncepass
the bill, and thereby rescue New Mexico from
the evils and miseries of slavery; and many of
them showed signs of deep distress that action on
that subject should be postponed for another year.
Well, sir, they went to the people, canied the
election, and came back here. Very soon twelve
Senators wen tout; and two others declining to vote
on questions of this nature, the Republicans ob-
tained the power to pass the bill repealing the
slave code and prohibiting slavery in New Mex-
ico; but not a word was said about it. It slept
on the table, the sleep of death. Evidently they
refrained from pushing that question to a vote,
when they had the power to pass it, from consid-
erations of patriotism. They did not deem it
patriotic to increase the cxcitement and drive the
border slaveholding States from the Union by car-
rying the principles to which they stood pledged
before the people. Here is another instance where
patriotism has triumphed over partisan policy
