500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
right in supposing that it requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of soldiers
of the war of 1812, praying the passage, during
the present session of Congress, of a law grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of that war, and to
the widows of those deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 present the petition of Ed-
ward C. Deiavan, of Albany, in the State of New
York, who states that he has, for more than thirty
years, devoted time and attention to the evils re-
suiting from the use of deleterious liquors, as a
beverage, especially drugged liquors; and having
recently ascertained, by an examination of the
liquors manufactured for the American market,
and shipped to the United States from wine-pro-
ducmg countries, that they are for the most part
drugged, and thus rendered doubly deleterious,
he begs to suggest the propriety of protecting the
people of this country from the disease and pre-
mature death thus occasioned, by instituting in
each of our ports of entry, a competent chemical
tribunal for the examination of all imported li-
quors, which, if found adulterated, should be con-
demned and destroyed. I move the reference of
the memorial to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD. I present a memorial of seven
hundred and forty-six citizensoftheUnited States,
residing in the city of New York, submitting their
views upon the crisis of the country, and their
appeal to Congress to provide, in some compe-
tent way, for the restoration of peace and har-
mony, and the establishment of the Union. I
also present a like petition of citizens of the State
of New York, residing in the city of New York,
signed by eighteen thousand; and I move that
these two petitions lie on the table.
The motion was figreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit to the Senate
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Delaware,
in favor of the compromise measures introduced
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden.] I will state to the Senate that the
Legislature of my State, as now composed, con-
sists of Democrats, Constitutional Union men,
and Republicans. 1 believe these resolutions
passed unanimously, with one exception. I
move that they be rend, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. B1GLER presented proceedings of a meet-
ing of the friends of the Union, held at Newville,
Pennsylvania, on the 12th of January, 1861, in
favor of the adoption of the compromise meas-
ures proposed by Mr. Crittenden; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of the borough of Berlin, Pennsylvania, held
on the 8tli of January, 186*1, approving of the
compromise measures recommended by the com-
mittee of the border States; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of residents of
the county of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions may l^e granted to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812, and to the widows oi
those who may hereafter-die; which wereordered
to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Abby
S. Chaplin, widow of Colonel J. Snelling, of the
Army , praying a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H.R. No. 451) grantingan
invalid pension to "William Burns, of Ohio, re-
ported it without amendment, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 909) for the re-
lief of Thomas Chittenden, reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 559) granting a
pension to Harriets. Wyman, widow of Captain
Thomas W. Wyman, post captain in the naval
service of the United States", reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 50) to construe the word
" minimum" price of the public lands, and for
other purposes, reported it without amendment,
and recommended its passage. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 806) to confirm
certain entries of land in the State of Missouri,
reported it without amendment, and recommended
its passage.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 918) for the re-
lief of the heirs of Noah Wiswall, reported it
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph W. Knife, praying an increase of pension,
submitted an adveise report; which was ordered
to be printed.
ELIZA REEVES.
Mr.THOMSON. The CommitteeonPensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 467)
granting an invalid pension to Eliza Reeves, have
instructed me to report it back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass;
and also to ask the indulgence of the Senate to
consider it at this time.
Mr. HALE. What is the case?
Mr. THOMSON. It is a bill granting a pen-
sion to Eliza Reeves, of nine dollars a month.
The case is a very meritorious one; and the woman
is in great suffering at this time, to iny knowl-
edge.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be passed.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
467) granting a pension to Eliza Reeves, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Eliza Reeves on the invalid pension rolls of the
United States, at the rate of nine dollars per
month, to commence on the 1st of January, 1860,
and to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF SENATORS,
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the objection \7hich
I interposed this morning to the suggestion made
by the Senator from Indiana, that the Vice Pres-
ident be authorized to fill the vacancies on the
committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves that the Presiding Officer fill ex-
isting vacancies upon the committees.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
like some instruction from the Senate as to what j
vacancies exist; and at this point would take the !
liberty to make a remark. No notice has been !
taken on the Journal this morning of the with- j
drawcil of certain Senators from the Chamber 1
yesterday. No paper was filed with the Presid- i
mg Officer by them; it was an act of withdrawal
notified to the Senate. Upon that subject, it will j
be for the Senate to determine whether the Journal \
shall note the factof their withdrawal, and whether j
their names shall continue to be called when votes :
are taken by yeas and nays. The Chair would J
likewise be glad to have the instruction of the i
Senate as to whether he is to consider vacancies i
as existing on the committees of which those gen-
tlemen were members. He will execute the wishes !
of the Senate, and of course his authority ends
there. '
Mr. PITCH. I did not understand the Chair '
as saying whether he had no official knowledge '
of the vacancies oil the committees, or simply of ,
vacancies on the floor of the Senate. The diffi- |
culty, as far as the committees are concerned, can
very easily be obviated by the acting chairmen
of the respective committees notifying the Vice i
President that there are certain vacancies upon i
their respective committees, owing to the absence
of certain members. That does not imply, of,
course, other than temporary absence, if that be j
desired. I did not distinctly hear the Chair, and !
4&UU bllt
3'
stion whicl
did not understand whether his remarks were
addressed to the want of official information on
his part relative to the vacancies on the commit-
tees or the absence of members from the Senate.
I make this suggestion to obviate the difficulty in
regard to the committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are one or
two vacancies caused by the resignation of Sen-
ators on the committees. There are a number of
additional vacancies, if the act of those gentlemen
yesterday is recognized by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I think the suggestion that is
made by the honorable Senator from Indiana is
a very pertinent one; that if the acting chairmen
of the several committees will notify the Vice
President of the vacancies actually existing, it
will be enough for his guidance. 1 believe that
the best way is for the Senate and the Vice Presi-
dent to recognize things as they are, regardless
of how they would wish to have them; and I
think the suggestion of the Senator from Indiana
is highly proper.
Mr. COLLAMER. Some of the chairmen have
gone away.
Mr. HALE. The acting chairmen can notify
the Vice President.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think there is any
difficulty in this question. We have been notified
that certain Senators have retired, and do not
intend to be here during this session; and hence,
there are vacancies on those committees of which
they were members. It is known to the Senate,
for each of the Senators who has withdrawn has
risen and taken his leave of the body. Taking
their leave of the Senate is a withdrawal from the
committees of the Senate. Whether their States
are out of the Union or not, is a very different
question; but that those Senators did represent
those States, and that they have formally, offi-
cially, dissolved their connection with this body
and gone away, is within our knowledge; it has
been done in our presence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think my colleague is
clearly right. Whatever dispute there may be as
to the rightof a State to withdraw from the Union,
no one,! apprehend, denies the right of a Senator
to withdraw from the Senate, to resign, to dis-
solve his connection with the body.
Several Senators. They have not resigned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any constitutional provision, or any law, or any
rule of the Senate, which requires a resignation
to be in writing. I understand that certain Sen-
ators yesterday did dissolve their connection with
the Senate; stated so in its presence. Whenever
that was done, in my judgment, their names
should be stricken front the roll, and they should
be no longer treated as members of the Senate.
That is an individual act which they had a right
to perform.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand that the
gentlemen who withdrew from the Senate yester-
day have resigned their places as Senators of
the United States. The Senators from South
Carolina did resign to their State formally; but
the otlna* Senators that have withdrawn have not
resigned their places here, and are now members
of this Senate. They have simply withdrawn
themselves, in obedience' to the wishes of their
States. It is well enough, I think, for the Senate
to recognize the fact to this extent so far as regards
the committees, that theyaie temporarily absent,
and that their places should be filled up by other
I Senators; and there no difficulty, it seems to me,
] if the committees inform the Vice President that
these Senators are not able to attend, or do not
attend, the meetings of the committees, in having
their places filled But I understand that the
gentlemen who withdrew from the Senate yester-
day are to-day members of the Senate of the
United States, and have not resigned their seats.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I dissent entirely from the
Senator from Massachusetts. I hold that the act
of yesterday was a resignation that is irrevocable
on their part. If I come into this body and an-
nounce to you that I am going to quit the coun-
try, go to foreign lands, and dissolve my con-
nection with this body, I think it is your right to
notify the Governor of Illinois that a vacancy
exists. Any act that announces a final separation
from the body as a Senator, no matter whether
it is because his State has said so, or because he
chooses to do it voluntarily, or from any other
motive—the act of separation is a resignation so
