1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and party platforms! I honor them for.it. But
since experience has proved to you that you can-
not administer the Government and preserve the
Union on your policy of congressional interfer-
ence, and since you have adopted the doctrine of
non-intervention as to all the Territories we now
possess, why not just embody that principle in
the Constitution, denying the power of Congress
over the subject of slavery everywhere in the fu-
ture? Do this, and we shall have .peace and har-
mony in the country. At all events, sir, I am
in favor of such amendments to the Constitution
as will take that question out of Congress, and
restore peace to the country. That may be done
by non-intervention—by popular sovereignty, as
it is called; or by the Crittenden amendment,
making- an equitable partition of the territory be-
between the two sections, with a self-executing
clause prohibiting it on one side and protecting it
on the other. It may be done on the basis of the
peace commission. It may be done in various
ways. 1 prefer such an amicable settlement to
peaceable disunion; and 1 prefer ita thousand times
to civil war. If we can adopt such amendments
as will be satisfactory to Virginia, North Caro-
lina, Tennessee, and the border States, the same
plan of pacification which will satisfy them will
create a Union party in the cotton States which
will soon embrace a large majority of the people
in those States, and bring them back of their own
free will and accord; and thus restore, strengthen,
and perpetuate the glorious old Union forever. I
repeat, whatever guarantees will satisfy Mary-
land and the border States (the States now in the
Union) will create a Union party in the seceded
States chat will bring them back by the voluntary
action of their own people. You can restore and
pieserve the Union in that mode. You can do it
m no other.
War is disunion. War is final, eternal sepa-
ration. Hence, disguise it as you may, every
Union man in Amei ica must advocate such amend-
ments to the Constitution as will preserve peace
and restore the Union; while every disunionist,
whether openly or secretly plotting its destruc-
tion, is the q^lvocate of peaceful secession, or of
„^var, as the surest means of rendering reunion and
reconstruction -impossible. I have too much re-
spect for any man that has standing enough to he
elected a Senator, to believe that he is for war, as
a meansof preservingthe Union. I have too much
respect for his intellect to believe, for one moment,
that there is a man for war who is not a disunion-
ist per se. Hence I do not mean, if I can prevent
it, that the enemies of the Union—men plotting to
destroy it—shall drag this country into war, under
the pretext of protecting the public property,
and enforcing the laws, and collecting revenue,
when their object is disunion, and war the means
of accomplishing a cherished purpose.
The disumomsts, therefore,are divided into two
classes: the one open, the other secret disunionists.
The one is in favor of peaceful secession and a
recognition of independence; the other is in favor
of war, as the surest means of accomplishing the
object, and of making the separation final and eter-
nal. 1 am a Union man, and hence against war;
but if the Union must be temporarily broken by
revolution, and the establishment of a de facto gov-
ernment by some of the States, let no act be done
that will prevent restoration and future preserva-
tion. Peace is the only policy that can lead to that
result.
But we are told, and we hear it repeated every-
where, that we must find out whether we have
got a Government. " Have we a Government?"
is the question; and we are told we must test that
question by using the military power to put down
all discontented spuits. Sii, this question," have
we a Government?" has been propounded by
every tprant who has tried to keep his feet on
the necks of the people since the world began.
When the Barons demanded Magna Charta from
King John at Runnymede, he exclaimed, t% have
we agovernment?" and called for his army to put
down the discontented barons. When Charles I
attempted to collect the ship money m violation of
the constitution of England, and in disregard of the
rights of the people,and was resisted by them, he
exclaimed,14 have we a government? We cannot
treat with rebels; putdown the traitors; we must
show that we have a government'." When James
11 was driven from the throne of England for
trampling on the liberties of the people, he called
for his army, and exclaimed, " let us show that we
have a government!" When George III called
upon his army to put down the rebellionin Amer-
ica, Lord North cried lustily, " no compromise
with traitors; let us demonstrate that we have a
government." When, in 1848, the people rose
upon their tyrants all over Europe and demanded
guarantees for their rights, every crowned head
exclaimed, "have we a government?" and ap-
pealed to the army to vindicate their authority
and to enforce the law.
Sir, the history of the world does not fail to
condemn the folly, weakness, and wickedness of
that Government which drew its sword upon its
own people when they demanded guarantees for
their rights. This cry, that we must have a Gov-
ernment, is merely following the example of the
besotted Bourbon, who never learned anything by
misfortune, never forgave an injury, neverforgot
an affront. Must we demonstrate that we have
got a Government, and coerce obedience without
reference to the justice or injustice of the com-
plaints? Sir, whenever ten million people pro-
claim to you, with one unanimous voice, that they
apprehend their rights, their firesides, and their
family altars are in danger, it becomes a wise Gov-
ernment to listen to the appeal, and to remove the
apprehension. History does not record an exam-
ple where any human government has been strong
enough to crush ten million people into subjection
when they believed their rights and liberties were
imperiled, without first converting the government
itself into a despotism, and destroying the last
vestige of freedom.
The people of the South believe they are in
danger. They believe that you meditate an inva-
sion of their constitutional rights. They believe
that you intend to stir up servile insurrection, and
stimulate their slaves to cut the throats of their
masters, and their wives and children. Believing
this, they will act upon that belief, unless you will
remove all cause of apprehension. If this appre-
hension be ill founded, if there is no cause for it,
you arc bound to remove it. If it be well founded,
you have no right to refuse to redress their griev-
ances.
Then, in either event, it is our duty to adopt
such amendments to the Constitution as will in-
sure the domestic tranquillity, safety, and equal-
ity of all the States of the Union. Do that, and
the Union will be restored and preserved to future
generations. Unless you do it, disunion is inev-
itable; whether peaceably or by civil war, God
only can tell. The true way to prove that we
have a Government, is promptly to redress all
grievances and to quiet all apprehensions. In
this country, our Constitution has provided the
mode for doing this. The clause which author-
izes the amendment of the Constitution was in-
sorted for the express purpose of enabling the
people to do quietly and peacefully that which in
other countries can be done only by revolution
and blood. Let us take warning from the exam-
ples of the past. Wherever a Government has
refused to listen to the complaints of their people,
and have attempted to put down their murmurs
by the bayonet, they have paid the penalty. Of
all those who listened to the people in 1848, and
granted charters of liberty, and took an oath to
support them, only one has been faithful; and
that one has been rewarded for his fidelity, and
the others will pay the penalty of their perfidy.
The King of Sardinia granted a constitution, took
an oath to support it, and never violated his oath,
and to-day he is King of Italy. If George 111
had listened to the murmurs of our fathers, and
granted their just demands, the war of the Revo-
lution would have been averted, and the blood
that was spilled would have been saved.
If we consider this question calmly, and make
such amendments as will convince the people of
the southern States that they are safe and secure
in their persons, in their property, and in their
family relations, within the Union, we can restore
and preserve it. If we cannot satisfy the people
of the border States that they may remain in the
Union with safety, dissolution is inevitable. Then
the simple question comes back, what shall be
the policy of the Union men of this country ?
Shall it be peace, or shall it be war? The Presi-
dent of the United States holds the destiny of this
country in his hands. I believe he means peace,
and war will be averted, unless he is overruled
by the disunion portion of his party. We all
know the irrepressible $oi$jct is^oing on jg their
camp; even debating whether Fort Sumter shall
be surrendered when it is impossible to ho Id; it;
whether Major Anderson shall riot be-kept w&xe
until he starves to death, or applies the torch withj
his own hand to the match that blows him,
his little garrison into eternity, for fear thatsoipe-
,body of the Republican party might say you had
backed down. What man iri all America, with,
a heart in his bosom, who knows the facts con-,
nected with Fort Sumter, can hesitate in saying,
that duty, honor, patriotism, humanity, require
that Anderson and his gallant band should be
instantly withdrawn? Sir, I am not afraid to say
so. I would scorn to take a party advantage or
manufacture partisan capital out of an act of
patriotism.
Then, throw aside this petty squabble a.bpufc
how you are to get along with your pledges be-
fore election; meet the issues as they are presented;
do what duty, honor, andpatriotism require, and
appeal to the people to sustain you. Peace is the
only policy that can save the country orsave your
party. Let peace be proclaimedastnepolicy,and
you will find that a thrill of joy will animate the
heart of every patriot in the land; confidence will
be restored; business will be revived; joy will
gladden every heart; bonfires will blaze upon the
hill-tops and in the valleys, and the church bells
will proclaim the glad tidings in every city, town*
and village in America, and the applause of a
grateful people will greet you everywhere. Pro-
claim the policy of war, and there will be gloom,
and sadness and despair pictured upon the face of
every patriot in the land. A war of kindred, fam-
ily, ana friends; father against son, mother against
daughter, brotheragainst brother, to subjugateone
half of this country into obedience to the other
half: if you do not mean this, if you mean peace,
let this resolution be adopted, and give the Presi-
dent the opportunity, through the Secretary of
War, to speak the word " peace;" and thirty mil-
lion people will bless him with their prayers, and
honor him with their shouts of joy.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois is certainly a man of anxieties. Ten
days ago, this Administration came into power.
There was treason in Congress; treason in the
Army; treason in the Navy; treason in the coun-
try. The President of the United States delivered
a temperate, kind, genial, patriotic inaugural ad-
dress. Hardly had that address been flashed
over the country, before the Senator from Illinois
stepped forth, unasked, to give an interpretation
of it. Nobody on this side of the Chamber has
undertaken either to sanction or disavow that in-
terpretation. But the Senator from Illinois is hot
content to stand even upon his own interpretation
of the President's inaugural. He is not content
that the President of the United States and his
Cabinet, who have just taken possession of a Gov-
ernment and a country in ruins, shall have time
enough to cast about them to see what principle
and patriotism require that thev shall do; but he
rushes into this Chamber, and brings a resolution
here, asking the Administration at once to declare
to the country what it intends to do. The Sena-
tor struts up before the Senate, and the country,
and talks about what he will not permit—what he
will do. I beg leave to ,say to that Senator, that
in the Senate, and in the coi^atry, he is clothed
with no power to dictate to us, or to any consid-
erable body of men. He has not a Senate at his
heels. He standshere quite alone; and he is hardly
more powerful before the nation. I say to that
Senator—and I want him and his friends in the
country to understand it—that the Administration
that has just come into power will take its own
time to deliberate, to act, to declare its policy;
that it does not select him as its exponent; that
it will speak in due and proper time its own senti-
ments, and declare its own policy; and will do it
through the men in whom it has confidence, who
have a right to speak for it.
The Senator has made here, to-day, what I say-
to the Senator I regard as a mischievous, a wickea,
and, in the present condition of the country, an
unpatriotic speech. He talks about the alarm that
pervades the country. Sir, that Senator, by the
course he has chosen to take during the last few
days, assumes to be the alarmist of the country,
and he is about the only man I see that is alarmed.
The great portion of the country at this day and
this hour are coming to look at these questions
