1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
that have distracted and divided the country, as
they are. There is to-day less excitement, ill
will, and anxiety in the country. Matters are
clearing up. The skies brighten. The sober
judgment and patriotism of this nation are rising
to meet the wants of the time and of the occasion.
The Senator taunts us, tells us that we are
mute; that we sit here in silence. Mute ! Silent!,
Sir, we choose calmly to survey our position, and
act as becomes patriots, who love their country,
and who are ready to save that Government and
that country in conformity with the principles
upon which that Government was founded. We
do not choose to rush in here to make declara-
tions, and we do not intend to be taunted into
making them. The Senator talks about rumors
and about an irrepressible conflict in our party.
I know nothing about those rumors. The Sen-
ator hears a great deal more than is said, and
knows a great deal more than takes place in our
ranks or m the country. I will tell the Senator
that the Republican party that has just taken pos-
session of this Government is looking to its du-
ties, and there are no divisions, nor heart-burn-
ings, nor ill-will among us.
rfow, what does the Senator propose ? He
comes in here, at this time, and asks an Admin-
istration, ten days in power, to go before the coun-
try and make declarations and calculations which
that Administration cannot be prepared to do, and
that Senator must knowit,and which it would be
imprudent in them to do at this time, under the
circumstances of the country.
The Senator talks to us here about what we
are to do—to indicate our policy for the future, to
indicate what is to be the policy of the country.
Sir, I say to him, that we shall choose our own
line of policy. If he assumes to dictate, or to be
our teacher, or to be the exponent of this Admin-
istration, 1 beg leave here and now to assure him
that we do not accept his lead, nor will we sub-
mit to his dictation.
What does the Senator desire ? What does he
fear? Docs he fear that we shall save the coun-
try, restore peace and harmony to a distracted
country, without sacrificing our principles or
disbanding our organization ? The public mind,
north and southfisless excited, more calm and
temperate. The Senator knows this, the Senate
and the country know this. Why, then, docs
the Senator rush in here and attempt to alarm the
country—fan the embers of sectional passion?
Does he wish to rear a political party out of the
rums of the defeated factions of IJunkerism?
I shall vote for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire to this resolution,
if it comes to a vote; but I am against the whole
resolution, and in favor of laying it upon the table.
I do not'desire to make that motion in order to
cut off any gentleman from expressing any views
which he may choose to present to the Senate;
but when Senators have expressed their views,if
they desire to do so, I hope the Senate will lay
the resolution upon the table; and the Adminis-
tration, now responsible for the government of this
country, will, in its own time and in its own way,
do what it has the right to do; do what this nation
placed it in power to do; do what this nation ex-
pects it to do; and that is, to disclose its policy
through men in whom ithas confidence, and whom
it selects as the mdn to disclose its policy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I can pardon
the petulant remarks and personal attacks of the
Senator from Massachusetts, for it only shows
that he had been hurt. He winced under what I
had said. I had not said a word disrespectful or
unkind to any Senator. He talks about strutting,
about dictating, about assuming a leadership un-
invited. He merely shows that he thought it was
wise to make a personal attack on me instead of
answering the argument that I advanced. I shall
pay no attention to those things, sir.
1 am rejoiced at what he 1ms scud, so far as it
relates to the policy of the Administration. I am
glad that he has spoken. I think the country will
thank him for what he has said, although itis not
as much as J would like. He has told us that ten
days was too short a time to determine what the
policy of the Administration was to be; that they
are going to wait and act calmly, and determine
hereafter, when they have the leisure and the time
to investigate what their policy will be. Here we
are told that I was right in my construction of the
inaugural; that those general clauses about en-
forcing the laws, and collecting the revenue, and
possessing forts, did not indicate what Mr. Lin-
coln was going to do. Here is a confession that
my construction of the inaugural was right, when
I said that his policy was going to depend upon
the necessities of the case, and be changed from
time to time with a view to preserve the peace of
the country. Those general clauses sounded very
well to the audience to which they were delivered.
Twenty thousand gentlemen, with carpet sacks in
their hands, ready to jump into the cars and run
off the moment they had heard the inaugural
through, must be sent home in good humor.
Hence it was important to use certain vague gen-
eralities that each one could construe just what he
wished it to mean, and send everybody away re-
joicing, while the policy of the Administration
was to be determined hereafter, according to cir-
cumstances. That was my construction of the
inaugural. The Senator docs not profess to know
what the policy is, for he says they have not had
time to mature it. Inasmuch, then, as he does
not know what it is, he cannot correct my con-
struction of it, certainly. It shows that I know
quite as much about it as he does, at any rate, as
he does not know anything about it. [Laughter.]
Hence, I do not find that he has enlightened us
much on that point, except so far as he says they
are hereafter goingto determine what they will do.
Now, sir, the Senator has said that they will
not accept my leadership. What necessity was
there, for saying that? Does he wish the country
to understand that I wished them to accept it?
If that was his object, it was an attempt to have
the country understand what he knew not to be
true. I told him, the Senate, and the country,
that I had no sympathy with this Administra-
tion on its political issue; that I should stand in
nosition to them to the end; butwherever they
right, I should sustain them in the right. The
Senator thinks it is very wrong for a man in the
Opposition to sustain an opponent in the right,
when doing right. He may have acted on that
policy. lie may think that fidelity to party re-
quires him to find fault with his opponent, right
or wrong, true or false, no matter what the mer-
its may be. I was not educated in that school of
politics or morals; hence I shall take the liberty
of indorsing whatever good acts Mr. Lincoln
does, whether it suits the Senator from Massa-
chusetts or not. If he never did indorse a good
act or an honest one in a political opponent, it is
no reason why I should follow his example.
Now, sir, my object has been to demonstrate that
the wing of the party to which the Senator from
Massachusetts belongs, the war wing, the disunion
wing, were not authorized to speak for the Pres-
ident in regard to his policy. I takcitfor granted
that the Senator has a line of policy very diffeient
from mine. Mine is to preserve the Union. I do
not understand that to be his. Mine is to pre-
serve peace. 1 do not understand that to be his.
I know there are Union men on that side of the
Chamber, and I know there are disunionists on
that side of the Chamber; hence I do not expect
to be m harmony on the Union question with the
whole of that side of the Chamber. I will act and
harmonize with every Union man in America, no
matter what his politics or where he conies from,
who will forget party, and act with reference to
the country. But, sir, I will not detain the Sen-
ate. I take no exception to the petulant, irri-
table, irritating personal attacks the Senator from
Maine may make. I have been accustomed to
that for a Ions: time.
[It may be proper to say that Mr. Douglas calls
in question the accuracy of this report, and pro-
tests against its publication in this shape. He
says his remaik was: "I take no exception to
these petulant and irritating personal attacks, con-
sidering whencc they came."]
Mr. FESSENDEN. What State did the Sen-
ator say ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not call any State at
all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You said the personal
attacks of the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will ad-
dress the Chair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I said irritating
personal remarks, from wherever they came. I
said nothing about Maine. The Senator from
Maine is entirely mistaken. I was not thinking
of him. I am sure I did not use the word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. He said the Senator from Maine.
Mr. DOUGLAS/ No; te from wherever they
came."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The idea that thg Senator
from Maine tells me I am mistaken 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We all so understood
you.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, I know; but you can-
not understand the truth when it is told to you.
Sir, if there is any one parliamentary law and
law of courtesy more clear than any other, itis
that, when a Senator utters a remark, and is mis-
understood, and corrects the misunderstanding,
every gentleman accepts the correction. There
is no exception to that rule. Hence, when I told
the Senator from Maine that I did not allude to
him, or to his State, he ought to have accepted
it. The Senator from Maine seems to think that
whenever I rise I mean him. He is entirely mis-
taken. He attaches more importance to himself
than I do to him. He is a very respectable man,
of very respectable talent, and debates very well.
I listen to him with a great deal of pleasure; but
I assure him there are other people in the Senate
than himself; and hence it aoes not necessarily
follow that 1 allude to him when I do not call his
name or his State, or say anything that will be
applicable to him.
But I regret this little interruption. My object
is not to nave any personal controversies with
anybody. It will be very clear to the Senate and
to the country, that yesterday there was a com-
bination on that side of the House to deprive me
of the power of speaking. I was ruled out of
order in the morning, by a ruling that never had
an example; then refused to be permitted to ex-
plain my own resolution, a thing never done in
the body before; and then, when they could not
gag me or prevent me from speaking, the only
reply is personal assault. Be it so. You are the
majority; but you will find that the minority have
rights, and know how to exercise them; and that
this gag game cannot be played successfully, nor
will it be submitted to any further tkan the rules
arc imperative.  
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise merely for the pur-
pose of making apersonal explanation, which I
very seldom do. When 1 interrupted the Sena-
tor, it was merely with a view to call his atten-
tion to the fact that, unwittingly, as I supposed,
he had said the Senator from Maine, when he
meant the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; I said " wherever they
came." That was what you understood to be
Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
It is impossible for him to admit his mistake; but
if lie asks his own friends about him, I think ho
will be satisfied he did make the mistake. All the
gentlemen about me heard what was said distinct-
ly; and my only object was to correct the Sena-
tor, that he might admit that he meant the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts,with whom he was having
a controversy. I supposed it to be a mere slip of
the tongue; and I rose merely to call his attention
to thatfact. I took no exception to it in any way;
but it has resulted in the Senator speaking pre-
cisely as he has with reference to the matter, and
the intimation about what a gentleman would do,
and what a gentleman would not do. Now, sir,
I do not pretend to be very much more of a gen-
tleman than other people, nor very much less. In
fact, I make no pretensions upon the subject. My
idea is that a gentleman does not make pretensions
m one shape or another.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, I will ask the Sena-
tor, does he not recognize the rule, that if he iriis-
undeistood mc, or whether he did or not, if I cor-
rcct him, is he not bound by every courtcsy of a
gentleman to accept the correction? Is not that
the invariable rule, I ask him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator h d ad-
mitted that by a slip of the tongue, he said one
thing when lie meant another 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not admit it, because I
say now the statement is false.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is out
of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And he knows it is false.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN- The Senator wants to
