1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, for one, I am
prepared to vote now, because the sooner the
question is settled the better. 1 will give my opin-
ion in a very Few words. I understand that gen-
tlemen rose in their seats yesterday and declared
that they were about permanently to withdraw
fiom this body. They did so. I think a perma-
nent withdrawal is a resignation; and I think it
is equally a resignation whether it is offered in
writing, or whether it is offered verbally in their
places on this floor. In my judgment, it is quite
■as much a resignation whether they understand
dearly for themselves the reasons which induce
them to resign, or not. If a Senator resigns his
place here, believing that his State has recalled
liim, whether by a vote of the Legislature, or a
vote of a convention, or a vote of the people, or
too vote at all, still, if he believes that he is recalled,
and acts upon that belief and docs resign, the res-
ignation should take effect and be so held, whether
he be mistaken or otherwise as to the reasons
which influence him.
Now, I am one of those who do not believe that
South Carolina has seceded, or Mississippi, or
Alabama; because I do not believe they have the
power or the right to do so; but I believe they
intend to do that, and I believe their Senators are
acting upon that intention. 1 believe that they
have, in the most formal way possible, perhaps,
certainly the most solemn, offered their resigna-
tions to this body. I do not think it becomes me to
object that they could not resign because I do not
think they ought to have resigned. I accept what
they have done, as a permanent withdrawal from
■this body; and I propose so to treat it. The con-
-sequences I may argue hereafter.
If those States, to-morrow, should propose to
send other Senators here, 1 should be glad and
happy to receive them, but 1 would not be will-
ing to receive these gentlemen again, unless they
weie reelected; because, in my judgment, they
resigned, and having resigned, 1 do notthink their
resignation can be recalled; and therefore, I am
•quite willing to vote either for the amendment to
the Journal proposed by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, or the amendment to that prop-
osition, offered by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, though I beg leave to state that I prefer
the mode of expression of the Senator from Illi-
nois, because I think it is more in accordance
with the fact.
Beyond that, I may add another word. I am
.not anxious to acknowledge, upon this floor,
secession in any way, if I can avoid it. Certainly
I may be forced to it. It may become a fact so
patent, so notorious, so dangerous, that I shall be
so compelled. But while I think that the resig-
nation of these Senators as a matter of fact ought
to be here recorded, i do not know that their
reasons for it, or the condition of public affaiis in
their States, are necessary to be mentioned on
the Journal; and therefore it is that I prefer the
wording of the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, as I understand it—a simple statement
•that certain gentleman, Senators upon this floor,
rose in their places in this body and declared
their permanent withdrawal from it as Senators.
That is the fact; and in my judgment, facts ought
•always to be stated.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. The Senator will allow me
40 suggest that I have modified my amendment
by adding, " and that their names be dropped
from the list."
Mr. BAKER. That is a consequence that will
inevitably follow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to Senators that the motion to lay on the
-table is not debatable.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say a word. I
understand the question was made by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana,and, I think,correctly taken,
that it cannot be laid on the table so as to defer
action on it. The Journal of the day must be
■corrected to the satisfaction of the Senate, I should
think, before the Senate cen proceed with busi-
ness. That is my view. I should like to say a
few words in reply to what has been said on the
other side.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to address the Chair oil the point of order?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; no more than I have
said. I want to say a few words on the propo-
sition itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will hear the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia, then, can proceed.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there are four
States claiming t,o be out of the Union, and their
representatives here, the Senators, have officially
informed the Senate of the fact that their States
have withdrawn from the Union; and, in pursu-
ance of it, as they have informed the Senate, they
have withdrawn also, considering themselves no
longer members of this body. These are the
facts. Honorable Senators on the other side,
more especially the very able Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] have said that these are not
facts; that the States have not withdrawn; that
they arc as much members of this Union as they
were at the commencement of the session; and
that it is not competent for those States to with-
draw, unless the concurrence of their confederates
is given in some way, as I understand.
Now, Mr. President, it is a matter of very little
moment to those States that have withdrawn,
what the decision of the Senate may be. It will
not affect their action in the slightest degree, and
will not affect their position. They have under-
taken to decide that question for themselves. It
is perfectly immatennl what the action of this
Senate may be upon it, they and their people no
longer being under the jurisdiction of the Senate.
But it would seem to me to be a matter of some
moment for the Senate to determine; because,
whether they are or arc not members of the Union,
affects at once the condition of this body, and its
competency to act. If they are not members of
the Union, those four States being out, there are
but twenty-nine States in the Union; and there
being but two Senators from each State of those
in the Union, the quorum will be governed thereby.
My colleague suggested just now that the ques-
tion did affect the quorum,and, perhaps, had bet-
ter not be decided now, if I understand correctly;
whence the honorable Senator from Maine in-
ferred that there was a design here to reserve
what he called a locus pcenitentice to those States.
I am utterly unaware that there is any such de-
sire on this side of the Chamber, because, if there
were, it would be but doing a vain act; the act
would be void if we attempted to reserve a place
for those Senators, or Senators from those States,
on this floor, non obstante the action of the States
themselves. It is not in our power to do it if we
desired it. But I think he does my colleague in-
justice in the construction of his remarks, because
our sympathies are with those States m what they
have done. We believe they had a right to do it;
and we believe their act is perfected, and requires
nothing more from any body of men whatever to
place those States as they claim to be, entirely
out of the jurisdiction of this Union, as utterly
disconnected with it as the Government of Franco
or of England.
Well, now, sir, as to this question, in my judg-
ment, the only propriety and the only necessity
of determining it is to determine the condition of
the Senate. If honorable Senators on the other
side arc disposed to give an advantage to the mi-
nority on this side, by refusing to recognize the
act of secession, be it so—let them do it; but let
them please to understand that it is their act, and
not the act of any southern representative, that I
am aware of, upon this floor. If they choose to
disable their majority, and to increase the power
of the minority here, by so treating the subject,
be it so; it is their act, not ours.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to say that my col-
league certainly interpreted me aright. I did not
reply to that remark about the locus p<X7iitctili(Z,
because I thought it was a mere sportive allusion
which did not require reply. Of course, every-
body knows that these gentlemen desire no op-
portunity for repentance, but believe themselves
to be in the right. I will say, though, while I am
up, just one word m regard to the proposed amend-
ment of the Journal/ It will be found that my
suggestion in regard to the practical mode of meet-
ing the question is the right one, I think. On a
question of quorum, each man will vote, whether
these States are in or out, upon his own reasons.
Now we are required to vote upon certain state-
ments of what these gentlemen said, when they
are not here present to correct us themselves.
My own opinion is, however, that it will make a
precedent which will read thus:., it will be found,
when we refer to the Congressional Globe, where
we shall see reported what they did say yester*
day, that they only asserted that their States had
seceded, and that, as a consequence, they were
bound to withdraw. The effect of striking them
off the rolls will be to treat their States as having
seceded, no matter what statements may be made
here as to what they said; because, when posterity
shall come to look to this case as a precedent, they
will go to the Globe, and see what they did say;
and when they come to ascertain what they did
say, they will find that they said nothing like
resigning; but, on the contrary, merely stated it
as an act which was necessary upon the with-
drawal of their States from this Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I disagree, sir, with the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hxjnter] in ioto, and
I wish to say a few words in opposition to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. President, it will be remembered by all
Senators that on the question of the right of a
State to recall its Senators, there were long de-
bates in the Federal convention. Under the old
Confederation, each State was entitled to one vote;
sent its delegations to the Congress of the Con-
federation; withdrew them at pleasure; changed
them at will. When the Constitution was framed,
repeated efforts were made to vest in the States
the right to recall their Senators at will. These
attempts failed; and the Legislatures of the States,
having once exercised their functions of electing
a Senator, elect him for his entire term, and pre-
serve no control over him. They have no power
of recall.
Now, sir, yesterday a number of Senators made
a statement of fact; and it is precisely that state-
ment of fact officially made to the Senate by the
Senators themselves, which the Senator from Illi-
nois proposes, by this amendment, to leave out
of the record. The first thing done by those Sen-
ators yesterday—none contest that—was to make
an official statement that their States had passed
ordinances of secession, and had withdrawn from
the Union. My motion requires that fact to be
stated upon the Journal of the Senate as a part of
the official record of the proceedings of the Senate:
the official announcement made by members of
the Senate to the body, that their States had passed
ordinances of secession. If that was a proceed-
ing which took place in the Senate yesterday,
(and none deny it,) by what authority shall it be
kept out of the Journal* The Constitution re-
quires us to keep a Journal of the proceedings of
the Senate; and whether a Senator makes official
communication to the Senate of the action of his
State verbally, or in writing, I think it will be
found vain to search for a precedent by which the
fact of that official communication had been omit-
tecfin the Journal. It is one of the proceedings
of the Senate which, by the Constitution, is to oe
recorded.
That was one fact. Another fact was, that these
Senators thereupon withdrew. That, all admit.
That is another portion of the proceedings of the
Senate, which, under the Constitution, is required
to be put down in the Journal; and I totally dis-
sent from the suggestionof the honorable Senator
from New York, that we are to put in the Jour-
nal such things as please us, and that there are
certain omissions which would be better honored
than the observance of the requirements of the
Constitution. We have no right to leave out of
the Journal any part of the public official proceed-
ings of the Senate.
Now, sir, these two points all admit; first, the
official announcement of the withdrawal of the
States; no Senator objected to that being made by
parol instead of in writing. If that point of
order had been raised it would have been determ-
ined. It was not raised. The announcement
was made by parol; but it was made by the Sen-
ators officially, in the names of their States. 'Next,
these Senators withdrew. There are two facts
that must certainly go upon the Journal. We
have no discretion upon that subject. Then re-
mains one other question; and what is that ques-
tion ? The Senator from Illinois, and the Senator
from Maine following him, say that what these
gentlemen said was in their opinion equivalent to
a resignation; but the Senator from Virginia is
mistaken in supposing that any of them say it was
a resignation, that they resigned in terms. No-
