1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
pies, and having saved the Union, had left others
to sing peans to his praise. One would have
thought thdt would have been magnanimous, in-
stead of doing it himself; but it is not the first
time. Sir, we are content to let that pass. We
have done wliat we saw fit to do precisely in re-
lation to>this matter. We have carried out our
policy, so far as we had any, up to this point.
We hope to develop hereafter what may be our
policy with reference to the country, and that it
may "be successful."
But, sir, allow me to say one word in closing,
and that is this: when the Senator assumes, and
takes it for granted, that we could have passed
any bills during the last session, and talks about,
our power in this Senate up to the time when the
last Congress adjourned, I will not say that he
knew he was stating what was not true, but I
will say, that if he had given himself a moment's
time for reflection, he must have been aware that
everybody about him knew perfectly well it was
not so. There was never a day during that Con-
gress, from the beginning to the end, that we had
the power to pass any bill against the "will of the
other side of this House. There never was a day
when We had a majority in this Chamber. On
some questions, we had the aid of the Senator
from Illinois himself, and of some other Senatois;
but we never had the power to pass any bill that
the majority chose that we should not pass, in
any case. 1 knew very well that we could not pass
the bill to give power to the President to suspend
these southern ports as ports of entry, or any
otho& There never was a time when we could
do it. We had other important measures t© at-
tend to. We knew that they would be fought.
I knew it, for I consulted with gentlemen on the
other side, and it was stated to us as a reason why
they would be fought, and why they would be
contested here, by certainly more than one Sena-
tor, that they were considered, or that particular
bill was considered, as dangerous, because it
would excitc the southern people, and therefore
it was best not to press it, but to leave it as it
was. Sir, we had other things to do. We had a
taiiff bill to pass. Wo could not have passed
that without the aid of those on the other side of
the Chamber. We had also to pass the appropria-
tion bills necessary for the support of the Govern-
ment. They were almost all done wil hin the last
days of the session, or but a very short period
before. We understood perfectly well what we
could do, and what we could not do. We are
" rcspcctable" enough on this side of the Cham-
ber, in point of ability, to have some idea of what
we are about, and know something of what wc
wish to accomplish, and how much we can accom-
plish of what we want to do, and how much wc
cannot. If we had the power to do those things,
we might have done them, possibly have done
more.
I regret, sir, that that bill, with reference to the
collection of the revenue, was not passed. I do
not admit all that Senator has stated with regard
to our position, with regard to the position of the
Administration, in reference to collecting the rev-
enue there; and allow me to say, further, that the
Senator, in his aigument—and it has been a la-
bored one—upon this subjee!, has added nothing
that I can perceive to the argument that was made
early m the session by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Bknjamin,] who went over
the whole ground upon the subjcct, and precisely
the sjme ground that the Senator from Illinois
has occupied this morning. Part of it was very
correct, and part of Jt was not. I am not pre-
pared, and have no desire, to go into an examin-
ation of it. Let it be enough to say, with regard
to those things, that the President has declared
that he will not make war upon anybody. The
President has declared that it is his intention to
execute the laws of the land legally and constitu-
tionally; and when he has not the legal and con-
stitutional power to execute them, that he will 1
not attempt to do it by illegal or unconstitutional ,
measures. That is not to be inferred; and there- '
fore it is not to be inferred that the President or .
his party mean war. They say they do not mean ;
war. There has been no declaration of war upon \
this side of the Chamber. There has been none 1
on the part of anybody. We have heaid war
cried on the other side. It has been one ever-
lasting reiteration of the word, to draw us into a '
discussion of that subject. We chose to be wise, !
according to our own ideas of wisdom, and not
talk of what we did not mean, or be taunted into
saying what we did not mean to say. That was
our position then, and it is our position now.
Now, sir, having said this much, and having
again told, as I do now, the Senator from Illinois
that his whole attack upon me was entirely un-
justifiable; that I neither said nor intimated, by
word or look, anything that was disrespectful to
him to bring upon me such a torrent of wrath
and abuse, i end, not by moving to lay the reso-
lution upon the table, but by saying I leave it
for others to do.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think propriety requires
that I should be permitted to say a word.
Mr. PI ALE. I shall not occupy a minute and
a half.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think propriety requires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire yield the floor?
Mr. HALE. I shall not occupy two moments.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should suppose that pro-
priety requires that I should be allowed to say a
word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Well, go ahead.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have nothing
to say m regard to the personal matter that oc-
curred between the Senator from Maine and my-
self, any further than to remark, that my reply of
offensive language rose solely from the fact that
he persevered in attributing to me what I knew I
did not utter; and even if he was equally certain
that I did, the rule of courtesy invariably is, that
the speaker interprets his ownlanguage, and every-
body is bound to accept it when he makes the cor-
rection. It was after the violation of that rule,
and his persevering in attributing that to me three
or four times after Iliad corrected it, that I applied
that language to him. In my speech, I had assailed
nobody. I had been courteous to every one. I
leave now the record to show whether the two
speeches that have been made in reply to it have
not been individual, personal assaults, lather than
meeting the issue, it may me that they can pro-
mote their party purposes by increasing the per-
sonal acrimony in the Senate. It may be that
they think, because they have got into power,
therefore they must violate those usages of cour-
tesy and forbearance that have been extended to
them when they were in the minority. I ask no
favors on that point. I will stand on my rights
as a Senator. Any gentleman can dissolve the
social relations in that way, by violating the so-
cial proprieties. In regaid to the Senator from
Maine, as he has indicated that he will settle this
question elsewhere, nothing requires to be said on
that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let there be no misun-
derstanding about that at all. I have not intimated
that I should, settle this question elsewhere or
anywhere. The Senator will not place me in a
position of that sort. I said I had nothing further
to say about it here. I "do not reply to such lan-
guage as that, unless I lose my temper and reply
with similai language. That is all I have to say.
Now, sir, allow me to explain my position upon
that subject, unless the Senator wishes to pro-
ceed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to take the
floor fiom him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield, certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I make a
rule in this Chamber of insulting no man, and
using, if I know it in the beginning, offensive lan-
guage to no man. I leave my congressional life
to speak for me in relation to that matter, espe-
cially with regard to gentlemen who, I believe,
hold certain notions with regard to what they call
their code of honor. I do not know whether the
Senator from Illinois is one of them or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will assure the gentleman
he will be informed on that very promptly when
he makes the inquiry in the proper way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator need not
fear—fear is not to be applied to anybody.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course not; but 1 do not
recognise the piopnety of putting that question
m tins mode.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir. I say
that the word '* fear1 ? clipped out of my mouth.
I do not apply that to anybody, especially to the
Senator from Illinois. His courage is so well
k^nown that, of course, I could not for an instant
think of applying the word to him. I mean that
he need not apprehend—and I use that in a very
delicate sense—any message from me on the occa-
sion. All I have to repeat is, that, if he chooses,
without provocation, to use language offensive,
with the design to provoke a reply, if I reply at
all, 1 reply, perhaps, in similar language, if I lose
my temper; but if I do not, I endeavor not to use
language of the same description. I have given
him an exposition of what I supposed to be the
natural inference to be drawn from the language
that he used to me. Oi course, I have nothing
further to say on that subject.
Now, sir, let me say, with reference to that, as
the Senator said I intimated that I should call
upon him outside this Chamber to explain it, that
I made no such intimation at all. I made my
answer here; whether it is satisfactory to any-
body and everybody, I do not know, nor do I
care. My position is perfectly well understood
upon that subject. I say this, sir: that no gen-
tleman will deliberately insult another; and if he
does and finds that he is in error, he will apolo-
gize for it. If he does not apologize and explain
when he finds he is in error, he remains pre-
cisely in the category he was in in reference to
that matter. I say (and I do not claim to be a
man of courage or of good nerve, or anything)
that while 1 am ready to meet, here or outside of
the Chamber, anywhere, such responsibilities as
may be placed upon me to the best of my ability,
physically and otherwise,everywhere, I hope and
believe, and claiming nothing but what is com-
mon to all of us in that particular, I shall not call
upon the Senator, even although he used language
which,upon his code, (for I take it he understands
that matter, and I assume that it is his,) would
require something more; and why? I speak for
most of my friends here as well as myself on that
subject. We—1, as I said before, hold that I
wili insult no man, and cspe<?ially no man whom
I believe to recognize a code different from my
own, because in so doing I should do an act of
cowardice; and I say it to the Senator, that a
gentleman who recognizes a code different from
my own, and deliberately rises in his seat and in-
sults me when he knows and believes that the
only reply, if it comes at all, will be in language
of the same description, is a greater coward than
I am. If I hold myself responsible to the rules of
gentlemen, and insult them and then sneak outof
it, I am a coward; but if I reply to an insult de-
liberately given to me, I am not responsible m
any shape or form. I repeat what I said before,
no man will deliberately insult another, under any
circumstances, if he has a proper regard for him-
self, and especially for his position as a Senator
and as a member of a body of this description.
If he does, he must take the consequences of his
action in public opinion. I am perfectly willing
to submit to that judgment upon mine.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not suppose that any-
body will controvert the proposition that no gen-
tleman will deliberately insult another without
provocation, or will hesitate instantly to withdraw
and apologize the moment that he is made con-
scious of the fact. I suppose nobody will ques-
tion that. I have many a time in this Senate
voluntarily, upon a moment's reflection, after
passion, when I was satisfied I had been hasty,
rose and made the voluntary withdrawal and the
voluntary apology. The Senator from Maine has
seen me do this on more than one occasion.
Now, sir, I deny that I gave the Senator prov-
ocation. He controverted and questioned my ver-
acity, and made the issue, and I corrected it two
or three times, and he then persevered in it. I
felt bound to put an end to that, and I used the
language because he did it. I did not use the of-
fensive language until he had questioned it two or
three times; and even if he thought he was right
and I was wrong, the rule is that he must take
my interpretation. If he had been the speaker,
I should have instantly said his explanation was
conclusive on me. This is my invariable rule in
the body; and it was on that point that he would
persevere in attributing tome what I had not said,
that I made that remark.
Now, sir, I can only say that I do not imitate
the Senator from Maine, when a man uses offens-
ive language to me, by retorting in similar lan-
