1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr<
it not been a vexed or mooted question, from the
foundation of ourGovernmentuntilnow, whether
a person is to be surrendered on the demand of
another State, as a fugitive from justice, who had
not violated the law of the State in which he was?
I know that the decisions of the courts have been
contradictory on this subject; and here I will an-
swer over again the Senator from Kentucky, who
made the same charge against our Governor. I
will say now, what I was not prepared to say when
We had. it up before—for after all, when I call for
specifications, they all run right back there—there
is little delinquency they can fasten upon us, I
have said, give us specifications. He has had a
month to consider upon it, and has conic hereto-
day with a deliberate, premeditated speech' and
when I ask him to specify, he runs right back to
the same old charge again. There is no new spe-
cification; but it is said Governor Dennison re-
fused to deliver a man who was said to be en-
gaged somehow in enticing slaves from Kentucky.
I can state to lhat"Senator now, what I intimated
before, and he said he did not know, that our
Governor, in making this decision, whether it
was right or wrong, (for I do not know; it is a
law question, which the courts will decide,) had
at least the merit or demerit of going to Ken-
tucky and to a Kentucky, Governor for his pre-
cedent. He grounded it upon that; and I think
that, at all events, ought to have excused him from
the severity of the charge the Senator has made
against him. I say to the Senator from Virginia,
l\lo not know 
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow
me a word, as he has frequently alluded to a
piccedent of the Governor of Kentucky.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. T should like to know the
case. If there is such a case, I confess I am not
aware of it. I should like to have the Senator
state the grounds on which the Governor of Ken-
tucky refused to deliver a person up.
Mr. WADE. Because it was not a crime in
Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. In reply to that, I have stated
before, when that case has been alluded to, that
1 was not aware of it; but I will state to the Sen-
ator now that I do not think it was, though it
might have been, for the reason he assigns; be-
cause, from the very organization of our govern-
ment, wc have had  aws on our statute-book
against kidnapping. Kidnapping has ever been
an offense in Kentucky. Wc passed a law, I
think, as early as 1800, and I do not doubt we
incorporated it into our code of laws from Vir-
ginia, for 1 suppose she had laws on the subject.
I have not examined. Our Governor, then, could
not have refused because kidnapping was not an
ofivnse in Kentucky. It now is, and I believe
has been from the very organization of Kentucky.
If our Governor did refuse, he did wrong. I be-
lieve it is a principle well established in law, as
well asm morals, that no man can adduce a right
from another's wrong. 1 know that persons have
been uniformly delivered up of late years for of-
fenses that arc not criminal under the statutes of
Kentucky.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to make an explanation on this point?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have heard a great deal of
crimination and recrimination upon this question
of Governors of States refusing to deliver up per-
sons where the offense charged was not criminal
jn the State in which the offender was found. I
have taken some little pains to trace it. I find it
is not confined to our northern States, nor to the
southern States; perhaps there have been as many
cases of refusal in the one as in the other. The
earliest case that I have been able to find—the one
that seems to have been the precedent on which
all the others were founded—occurred, I think,
m 1791, in which certain persons were indicted in
the State of Pennsylvaniafor running away some
free negroes; and being found in the State of Vir-
ginia, the Governor of Pennsylvania demanded
of the Governor of Virginia their surrender. The
Governor of Virginia referred the case to the
attorney general of that State, to take his legal
opinion whether or not it was his duty to surrcn- ;
der persons that were charged with oifenses that i
were criminal m the place where they were corn- ■
mitted, but were not criminal in the State of Vir- ,
giijia. The attorney general of Virginia gave his i
written opinion that such cases would not be cov-
ered by the Constitution of the United States;
whereupon the Governor of Virginia refused to
make the surrender, and notified the Governor of
Pennsylvania of that fact, and accompanied his
reply with the written opinion of the attorney
general of Virginia. Thereupon the Governor of
Pennsylvania communicated these papers 10 Gen-
eral Washington, as President of the United States,
and he delivered or communicated them to the
Senate of the United States, and asked for legis-
lation on the subject. The response to that com-
munication of General Washington was the law
of 1793, providing for the surrender of fugitive
slaves and fugitives from justice. That I believe
to be the first case that ever occurred in which a
Governor refused to deliver up criminals upon the
ground that the offenses charged were not crim-
inal in the States where the offenders were found.
Since then it has occurred in other States. It has
been the subject of crimination and recrimination.
My own opinion is, that the practice initiated by
Virginia, and followed by the other States, is
wrong; but I do not think it forms a proper sub-
ject of crimination on the slavery question.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator from Ohio will
give mc the floor an instant, I shall be indebted
to him very much.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The case introduced by the Sen-
ator from Illinois was as he states it, and he states
it correctly, 1 presume; but that originated before
any law had been passed by Congress for the sur-
render of fugitives from justice. He adduces that
for the purpose of impressing upon the mind of
our people that the first delinquency under the
Constitution arose in Virginia. Now, I remem-
ber that case as a fact existing. It is an incident
I do not recollect; but it was a case, according; to
my apprehension, in which the authorities in Vir-
ginia considered it necessary that the law should
define what the Constitution required; and until
the law did define it, the authorities of Virginia
had a difficulty in determining to what extent the
constitutional obligation went. But I understand
the Senator from Illinois presents it as the first
case that arose as a delinquency of the State of
Virginia. Now, sir, I am indebted to the Senator
from Ohio for giving me the floor; but if Sena-
tors on that side of the Chamber, or the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] supposes that the
wrongs, the injuries, the contumelies,the insults
that for the last twenty years have been practiced
upon the slaveholding States, and those which
have now brought them under the responsibility
of dissolving this Union, are to be appeasedbya
clamor that the first wrong was on our part, or
by a pretension that wc have sustained no wrongs,
let them have the benefit of their argument.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only one woid to
say.
Mr. MASON. 1 am not yet through. Letthem
have the benefit of their argument. These slave-
holding States are capable of determining for them-
selves whether it is their interest, whether their
safety, whether their honor will permit them longer
to remain in confederation with these non-slave-
holding States. They will determine that for
themselves and by themselves; and it is perfectly
idle for gentlemen to say, " Present your bill of
indictment; let us know wherein we have wronged
you;" and it is perfectly vain, perfectly idle, for
gentlemen to endeavor to convict the slaveholding
States of having committed the original error.
I did not intend to go into this argument. I beg
the pardon of the honorable Senator from Ohio
who has kindly given me the floor; but I confess
that I feel it difficult to repress the feelings that
belong to me as a southern man, when Senators
here tell me, 44 You are in the wrong; present your
bill of indictment; let us know what you complain
of;" and upon an occasion when the disintegra-
tion of this Union is going on by a power that
cannot be arrested; the States declaring them-
selves absolved from all obligation to any further
obedience to the laws or the Constitution of the
United States. Wc are not going to prescntabill
of indictment in anyshapcorform. The history
of the country presents it. The political experi-
ence of these non-slaveholding Stales for more
than twenty years presents it. If honorable Sen-
ators suppose that tins great movement of disrup-
tion, which has begun and is advancing, is to be
arrested by any clamor here that we must present
our list of grievances and have them redressed,'
they are mistaken.
Now, Mr. President, perhaps it is the misfor-
tune of my manner to appear to be angry or ill-
tempered, when I am really not so—very far from
it. If any Senator supposes that I have said any-
thing here, or intended to be personally offensive
towards him, I do not so intend it. I wish now-
only to call the attention of the Senator from Ohio,
to what I had in hand, about what i& called in the
paragraph, "thekidnapping law," which is some-
times called the personal liberty law. It is this,
published in the Constitution of the 19th of Jan-
uary, and taken, as it is said,from the Baltimore
Sun:  
" The Ohio House of Representatives, by a vote of fifty-
eight to thirty-one, has indefinitely postponed a bill to
repeal the i act to prevent kidnapping.' f Under this act,>
says the Cleveland Democrat,i during the Wellington res-
cue trials in the United States court in this city, three per-
sons, one a deputy United States marshal and the other
two Kentuckians, acting for the owner, were anested and
indicted for a penitentiary offense, for airesting a fugitive
slave under the law of Congress for the rendition of* fugi-
tives from service.1 It was framed, and has the effect, to
nullify the fugitive slave law of Congress."
That was the law, as I understood it, that the
House of Representatives of Ohio refused to re-
peal, after sending us these resolutions.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
one word?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must apologize to the Sen-
ator for interjecting these remarks into his speech;
but I have heard these accusations so often brought
against the non-slaveholding States as the justifi-
cation of the present revolutionary movements,
that I, as a representative from one of those States,
have been restive under them, when I knew that
probably some cases have occurred in slavehold-
ing as well as in non-slaveholding States; and
when I knew by the history of the country that
the first construction of the Constitution, on this
point—which I believe to have been erroneous—
originated in a slaveholding State, in the State of
Virginia, to which we look with great respect
and veneration for a true construction of the Con-
stitution. I have here the message of General
Washington and of the Governor of Pennsylva-
nia, communicating these facts, showing that this
construction was first put upon the Constitution
by the Governor and the attorney general of the
State of Virginia. I admit it to be erroneous. I
think it was; but it shows that it is not so clear
a case of a violation of the Constitution, for a
great many States have adopted that construction.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Illinois
state who was the Governor, and who was the
attorney general, of Virginia at that time?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not looked through
the papers to refresh my memory, and I cannot
now recall to mind who they were. The message
of Washington bears date October 27, 1791; and
that of the Governor of Pennsylvania July 18,
1791. I have not gone carefully over them this
time, although I have done so on a previous occa-
sion.
Mr. BIGLER. Randolph was attorney gen-
eral.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania says Randolph was attorney general. The
Senator from Virginia makes an excuse in this „
case, because it occurred before the law of Con-
gress was passed upon the subject. That being
granted, it shows that the case arose under the
Constitution itself; and hence, if it be a violation
of the Constitution not to surrender up a person
in a case of this kind, the first offense occurred
in Virginia clearly; for he said that, under the
Constitution, there was no such obligation; and
if the obligation did not exist under the Consti-
tution, it was incumbent upon Congress to im-
pose an obligation. Hence this covers the whole
case.
Now, I am willing to grant that the Governor
of Virginia made a mistake m construing the Con-
stitution; and that the Governor of New York,
following his example, made a mistake; and that
the Governor of Kentucky, following their exam-
ple, made a mistake, and that the Governor of Ohio
has made a mistake, and that many northern and
southern States have made a mistake in constru-
ing the Constitution. What does all this prove?
Not that it should be the subject of crimination
