1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
judicial tribunal of the land, declaring that it is
recognized by the Constitution, and entitled to
like protection with other property. I take the
broad ground that this being a Confederacy of
equal States, the States which recognize property
in slaves, and upon which theirinstitutionsarein a
great measure founded, will not consent to remain
united in a Confederacy with other States who
deny the existence of that property, who refuse
to protect it, who will exclude it from every inch
of the common domain of all the States. Mr.
President, this question must be settled, and
settled upon terms of justice and equality, or you
can never reunite the States; nay, sir, from the
necessities of the case, you can never hold those
yet within the Union, south of Mason and Dix-
on's line.
All these questions, Mr. President, have been
argued thoroughly, and exhausted. I shall not
go into them at length; but 1 express the opinion,
nay, the confident belief, that the slaveholding
States never will consent that the non-slavehold-
ingStates shall monopolize the whole of this great
inheritance. We have a title to a part of it by
constitutional right. We have title to it by labor,
by money, and by blood. As an eminent Sena-
tor now not hete said upon a late occasion,
the southern States paid their part for it when
money was its price; they contributed their part
for it when blood was its price; and, Senators,
they never will submit to be excluded by the Fed-
eral Government from all share in this imperial
inheritance, that belongs to all the States alike.
They never, never will consent to be hemmed in
by a hostile policy, and denied all share of the
public domain, as an outlet for their people and
the natuial increase of then slaves. Whatever
settlement may be mode of other questions, this
must be settled upon terms that will give them
either a right, in common with others, to emigrate
into all the territory, or will secure to them their
rights on a principle of equitable division. They
will contend to the last for the principle that the
common Government must be impartial between
the States and their institutions.
Mr. President, at the beginning of this session,
these dangeis were foreseen by men north and
south. Southern gentlemen offered all sot to of
propositions of adjustment; and from the northern
States, able and patriotic men, in tins and the
other branch of Congress, offered resolutions, de-
livered speeches, urged and implored a just and
satisfactory settlement. The people of the .North,
too, many of them, saw the danger. From New
Jersey, from Pennsylvania, from the great States
in the valley of the Ohio and elsewhere, petitions
poured in upon Congress to adjust this question
upon terms that would give security and peace;
but the members of the dominant party in this
and the other branch of Congress, with stubborn
incredulity as to the results, and with a determ-
ined purpose to make no change in the platform
of their party, have, from the beginning, refused
to recede one inch; have, from the beginning, re-
fused to meet us half way, quarter way, any-
where, upon a basis of settlement.
At an early period of the session a select com-
mittee of thirteen Senators was raised, composed
of representative men from till parts of the Union,
for the purpose of reporting a scheme of adjust-
ment. The dominant party was fully and ably
represented upon it. After conferring together
for weeks, they were unable to agree, J believe,
upon a single proposition; and reported that dis-
agreement to the Senate. In looking at the pro-
ceedings of that committee, 1 have been struck
with the rigid purpose to come to no terms that
marked the conduct of every member of the domi-
nant party. Fast, were resolutions, offered by
twoSenatois no longer here—one thePiesidentof
the confederate States, and the other their Secre-
tary of State—which laid down the broad proposi-
tion of the equality of slave property with other
property, and its right to equal protection with
other property m the common domain of the
Union; the doctrine received in the southern
States, with very few exceptions. That was
voted down. It did not receive the assent of
some who were willing to go for measures which
would have been satisfactory to the South. Then
we receded from that point. Next came the prop-
ositions of my eminent and patuotic predecessor;
propositions which have been sustained by Ken-
tucky, by Virginia, by New Jersey, I believe,
and by hundreds of thousands of names presented
here in the Senate from various parts of the United
States. When those propositions came before
that committee, every one of them received the
unanimous negative vote of every Senator of the
Republican party upon the committee. They re-
fused to recognize property in slaves, or to give
it equal protection in all the Territories; then they
refused to make an equitable division; then they
refused to declare that they would not abolish
slavery in this District; then they refused to de-
clare that they would not abolish the inter-State
trade—refused all propositions, all the guarantees
of every description; and neither in this House
nor in the other, during the whole of the last
Congress, notwithstanding the urgent, the sup-
plicatory efforts of gentlemen from the North
and the South to bring them up to the mark of
doing something which would pacify the country,
and give some assurance of security and peace—
never, never, from beginning to end, have they
receded from the essential principles of their po-
litical platform. One resolution, however, I must
say, was proposed by an eminent Senator from
New York no longer here, (Mr. Seward;) and it
reads thus:
" No amendment shall be made to the Constitution which
will authorize or give to Cousjiesss the power to nbolit-h or
interfere, within any State, with the domestic institutions
thereof, including that of persons held to labor or berviee
by the laws of said State."
The country in the condition you saw it; seven
States gone; eight others hesitating about their
course, alarmed, wanting some thorough and sat-
isfactory settlement 
Mr. COLLAMER. Those States had not
gone then.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator reminds
me that those States had not gone then. I will
apply his remark in a moment in another con-
nection. Then seven States were about to go—
for it was manifest as the shadows that go before
that they were about to go; the other States doubt-
ing, hesitating, alarmed, wanting and demanding
a thorough and satisfactory settlement; and the
ultimatum you offered was, that Congress should
not hereafter do what even the most radical of the
Republicans say Congress has now no power to
do. Throughout, you have utterly refused to
give any securities m regard to the District of
Columbia, the inter-State trade, the rights of
the South in the Territoues, or any other aspect
of the whole subject. The Senator says at that
time the seven States had not gone. Afterwards
they went; and what was done afterwards ? That
was your ultimatum then; it is your ultimatum
now. It is all that the House of Representatives
and this Senate would pass; and even jii favor of
that there was the bare constitutional majority of
the Senate to put it before the people of the States;
and one half of the Senators upon that side of the
Chamber even voted against a declaration that
Congress should not abolish slavery in the States
of this Union—twelve Senators, I think, voting
in the negative. What matters it, then, whether
the States had gone out at the time Mr. Seward
offered this resolution or not? They went out
, afterwards; and afterwards you offered no more.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman seems to
shape an aigument on what I snid. I did not
mean it as an argument, but as a fact. I thought
1 would remind him that what he was stating was
not strictly so; that is nil.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am much obliged
to the Senator for reminding me, but his interrup-
tion was altogether unimportant, unless it was
intended to mean something.
Mr. President, I desire the people of the State
I represent, and of the southern States, to under-
stand what they have lo expect in ,the present
temper of the dominant party of this country as
manifested by the acts of its Representatives in
the two Houses of Congress; and I say to them,
they have nothing to expect except that they will
agree not to abolish slavery in the States. They
have no ground to expect that they will ever agree
either to admit their slave property upon the same
teims as other property in the Territories of the
United States, or, if there be objection to that, on
the ground ot collision of different systems of la-
bor, they have no giound to expect that they will
ever agree to an equitable or even an inequitable
division of the Territories between the two sec-
tions of the Union; the resolutions of my prede-
cessor gave up to the North nearly four fifths of
the whole, and reserved only one fifth for the
South. That was rejected in both Houses of
Congress, the unbroken Republican vote being
in the negative.
Then, sir, amidst all the convulsions of the
country, with the Republic dismembered, with
the separation likely to be greater, after three
months of conference, of argument, of entreaty
even, proceeding for the most part from the Rep-
resentatives of the wronged States—after it all,
there has been a total failure to get the represent-
atives of the Republican party to agree to any
thorough and satisfactory basis of adjustment;
and the people of the southern States may prepare
themselves to be satisfied with the magnanimous
concession that the majority section will not abol-
ish the institution of slavery within their respect-
ive States; but that they will treat it as other prop-
erty, that they will give it any portion of the
public domain, that they will recognize that it is
entitled in any form to the protection of the com-
mon Government, the people of the South have
no reason to expect. And, sir, surely, surely, we
have little hope that any change .will take place
in that respect when it has failed to occur in the
midst of the convulsions and dismemberments
around us.
Mr. President, so far from there being any pur-
pose upon the part of the majority to come to
terms of settlement that the southern States can
regard as at'all thorough and fair, there is at this
moment an ingenious plan to secure to that party,
without the surrender of a single dogma contained
in its platform, all the fruits of success. The
eminent Senator from New York (Mr. Seward)
—certainly one of the most sagacious public men
I have ever known, and who, no matter to what
extent he may be now credited with conservative
opinions, has not, so far as I know, relinquished
a single principle that he ever avowed on the ques-
tion of slavery—made an extraordinary speech to
a delegation from Illinois about the time the Pres-
ident of the United States was inaugurated. In
my opinion, ltforeshadowed the policy which will
be pursued by the Republican organization, unless
the more radical membeis of it thwart the plans
of the more sagacious chieftains. I have not a
copy of the speech, but its substance is impressed
indelibly on my memory. The Senator from New
York said: " Formerly I called your attention
away from the Union when it was no tin danger,
to the principles of freedom when they were in
danger; so now, having secured firmly the dis-
tinctive principles of freedom as we Republicans
understand them, I call your attention away from
those principles not in danger, to the Union which
is in danger; and we must preserve the Union as
the means of securing the triumph of those prin-
ciples. "
There is the policy in a nutshell, sir—subtile,
dangerous, demoralizing to the States in which it
can operate. The policy of that Senator is to shift
the question from the distinctive Republican prin-
ciples to the more popular question of the Union;
not to give up a single Republican principle, but
to confirm and fortify them under the desecrated
name of the Union; to shift the flag for the time
from the Republican platform to the Union plat-
form, since by that means he assures them that
they will be able to confirm, to strengthen, and to
perpetuate the distinctive principles of freedom,
as understood by his party. And I would appeal
to the candor of Senators on that side, if I had a
right to ask them, to answer me if it is not the
policy of the Republican party, under the name of
devotion to the Union, to form what shall be called
a Union party,especially in all the border States
—a Union party to be backed by the aid of Fed-
eral patronage judiciously distributed, the pur-
pose of which is to secure the substantial triumph
of Free-Soil principles under the name of devotion
to the Federal Union?
Do you not, Senators, hail with satisfaction
your advent to power under the idea that it will
enable you, by the aid of the patronage and
power of this Government, to inaugurate a sys-
tem in the border slaveholding States, which will
finally lead to the emancipation of their slaves?
A more ingenious scheme, in my opinion, was
never conceived than that contrived by the enii-
nent"Senatorfrom New York—to be a Union party;
to organize such a party in the border slave States,
not with any purpose of giving up any of the
