508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
and recrimination, or pretexts for dissolving the
Union; but that we ought to give the Constitution
its true construction. I am prepared to do it; but
I hope we are not to bandy these little cases back-
wards and forwards for the purpose of sectional
irritation. Let us rather meet the question, and
give the Constitution' the true construction, and
allow all criminals to be surrendered according to
the law of the State where the offense was com-
mitted.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am very hap-
^Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to correct a slight mistake in the statement I made
before ? *
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. I hope you will cor-
rect all your mistakes.
Mr. POWELL. I stated that I knew nothing
of the case in Kentucky referred to; and that, as
early as 1800, Kentucky had passed a statute to
prevent kidnapping. 1 was mistaken in that in
one year. I have here a memorandum made by
me, after having a controversy with the Senator
on that point before; and I find that, on Decem-
ber 19, 1801, the Legislature of Kentucky passed
a law punishing "any person who shall be guilty
of stealing or selling any free person for a slave,
his or her aiders, abettors, or counselors, with
confinement in the penitentiary fora term not less
than five years, nor more than ten years. I said
it was in 1800. It should be 1801. By the con-
stitution of Kentucky, in 1799, it was provided
that " all acts in force in Virginia, of a general
nature, shall be in force in Kentucky, until re-
pealed by the General Assembly." Hence I in-
ferred that Virginia had laws against kidnapping,
and that they had been in force in Kentucky from
the organization of our State government. 1 re-
gret, on an occasion like this, to hear Senators
indulge in crimination and recrimination. In the
remarks I had the honor to make to the Senate
this morning, I distinctly said that it was not my
purpose to criminate or recriminate. I merely
assigned the grievances under which we labored
to show that our people did have just cause of
apprehension; and that those grievances properly
required constitutional guarantees.
Mr. WADE. I have not criminated orrecrim-
inated; but, as Senators had alluded to great de-
linquencies of constitutional duty in the State that
I represent, I supposed it was very proper that I
should correct those that I thought had fallen into
an error on that subject. Sir, I stand here to
defend the State of Ohio against any charge of
delinquency in her constitutional duty anywhere.
I am exceedingly happy to find that, after more
than one month s deliberation, after the question
had been agitated here whether she had been
guilty anywhereof any coming short of her whole
duty to the Union, the Senator has gone back
again upon the one old specification that he made
before. The Senator from Virginia also has
brought forward a like cose; and now what does
it all turn out to be' Why, sir, if there is any
error committed by the Governor of Ohio, he has
the merit, at all events, of having grounded it
upon decisions made by old Virginia herself; and
yet her representatives stand forth here and ac-
cuse us of some great constitutional delinquency.
They tell us that the Union is about to be broken
up and destroyed, and that it depends upon us
to say whether it shall stand or fall; they can do
nothing about it. You that seek to overturn
the institutions of your country; you who tell
us you are about to rebel against its constituted
authorities, and wage war upon us, ought to be
able to specify and tell us wherein we have com-
mitted un offense that is to be visited by these
consequences.
The Senator from Virginia tells us he will not
specify at all; that it is a course of events that has
been accumulating for twenty or thirty years.
Why is it brought up now all at once for the first
time? Why does he not find something else to
accuse the free States of? When he makes his
specification, we see how it turns out. This, 1
believe, is the third tune that the Senator from
Kentucky lias accused Ohio; and when 1 have
asked for specifications, he has gone back to a de-
linquency of Governor Dennison: and it turns out
that Governor Dennison, if he has erred at all,
has erred in company of which neither of the Sen-
ators should complain. Now, sir, I do not pro-
pose to say this decision of Governor Dennison
was right or wrong. I only say that this is a vexed
law question, that has been decided in different
ways in different States, from the time the Con-
stitution was framed until now, and is not settled
to-day. Why,therefore, isthisaccusation brought
up and poured on our heads constantly, as being a
great delinquency of our people and our State ?
Sir, you are hard run foraccusations,oryou would
have cited some new specification.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
vindicate Virginia?
Mr. WADE Yes, sir; I hope you will be
able to do so.
Mr. MASON. I wish to vindicate Virginia
from the suggestion made by the Senator from Illi-
nois. I know the case to which he refers; but I
have not read it. I know it was a case that arose
before any law had been passed by Congress on
the subject. Now, the opinion of the attorney
general places it upon this ground as shown by
the opinion: no man can be arrested in Virginia
or in any other State, no coercion can be placed
upon his person, unless it is authorized by law.
Everybody knows that. That is the case in the
Senator's own State. The attorney genera] of
Virginia said there was no law by which the State
could place its hand upon the person for the pur-
pose of surrendering him. In the opinion given
by the attorney general, as lawyers are very apt
to do, he discussed other questions, as to whether
it would or would not be within the contempla-
tion of the Constitution. His advice to the Gov-
ernor of Virginia, that the man could not be de-
livered up, was placed distinctly and solely upon
the ground that there was no law in Virginia, and
no law of the United States, by which they could
arrest the person. His language is this:
" There miKt be a legal control over the persons de-
manded, before they can be delivered or removed. Ttiat
delivery ought not to be acquired byanyforee not specified
and delegated by positive law. Neither the constitution
of this, or of the United States, nor the laws made under
them, direct tiie mode, or delegate .in authority, by which
the nia^istiaey ol'this State can acquire such a control.
" It therefore can only be acquired by force. And that
such an exercise of undelegated power over the liberties of
freemen would not be justifiable, I am sure I need notadd.
" It is therefore my opinion, that tile directions of tile
General Government, under which the Governor of Penn-
sylvania lias made a demand lor the delivery and removal
of the persons mentioned in his letter, cannot be complied
ivith by the Governor of this State without some provis-
ions by law to enable it to do so."
That is the gist of the opinion.
Mr. WADE. That is precisely the ground
upon which I suppose Governor Dennison placed
it. There was no law making the offense crim-
inal in his own State, and it was not one of those
offenses that was cognizable as an offense at com-
mon law.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will indulge me
—I beg his pardon for again interrupting him—
it was placed on no such ground, that there was
no law making that an offense in the limits of
Virginia. It was placed distinctly on the ground
that there was no law authorizing the arrest of
the person, to use force.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think it very
desirable that the question of fact should be de-
termined between the Senator from Virginia and
the Senator from Ohio, and I therefore move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I do'not care; justas you please.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire, as a matter of
practice, whether, if the Senate adjourns in that
condition, the Senator from Ohio or the Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. I
gave way, as a matter of courtesy, to the Senator
from Olno; but he let in all the other side after
that. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senator
from New Hampshire that, in his opinion, the
Senator from Ohio will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. B1GLER. Before the motion to adjourn
is put, I desiie to suggest that there is some
executive business that should be disposed of,
and which will take but a few minutes. ["Oh,
no!"] They are not contested cases. I there-
fore move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation ofexecutive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be put on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 hope we shall have an exec-
utive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 13; and the Senate then
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 22, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting a statement of the contingent fund of the
Treasury forthe year ending June 30,1860;which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN presented, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, a communication from
the Treasury Department; which was referred to
that committee, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department trans-
mitting a list of the balances remaining unsettled
for periods of one and three years upon the books
the Treasury; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed. •
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Interior Department,
inclosing an estimate of §72,500, submitted by
Sylvester Mowry, commissioner of the United
States upon the California boundary survey, for
the service of that woik for the year ending June
30,1862, and recommending the appropriation of
that amount of money; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to make a motion to correct the
Journal of yesterday. On yesterday, while the
report of the select committee of thirty-three was
under consideration, as a special order, I moved
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, being
in substance the proposition known as the Crit-
tenden compromise. To enable me to make that
motion, I will explain that, by the courtesy of a
gentleman upon the other side of the House, who
ad made a motion that the House adjourn, and
who, at my request, withdrew his motion, I rose,
was recognized by the Speaker, made my motion,
and sent my amendment to the Clerk's desk. I
was under the impression—and that was the im-
pression of gentlemen round me—that the motion
was legitimately in order, and had been received
by the Speaker. I thereupon relinquished the
floor, which was resumed by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] who renewed the mo-
tion that the House adjourn. The motion was
put by the Speaker, and the House adjourned.
Afterwards, the paper was brought back to my
desk by the page who had taken it to the Clerk's
desk. I think, therefore, that, inasmuch as the
Journal omits all mention of the proceeding, and
inasmuch as the amendment was offered.it aproper
time, when I had the floor regularly, and as it
was an amendment legitimately in order, it ought
to appearon the Journal. If any question of order
is intended to be made upon the admissibility of
the amendment, that can only be properly done
when the amendment is upon the record as in the
possession of the House. I make the motion to
amend the Journal, and the House can dispose
of it as they may see proper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
upon this subject, as the reason for the omission
of the proceeding to which the gentleman refers
' from the Journal, that the floor was assigned to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who
yielded it for a motion that the Hous"> adjourn,
and for that purpose alone. The gentleman from
New York could therefore not take the floor for
the purpose of offering an amendment, while,
under the rules of the House, the gentleman from
Ohio was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. A single word upon that
point. The gentleman from Ohio was assigned
the floor in debate. That is undoubtedly accu-
rate; but the gentleman from Ohio relinquished
the floor, which was assigned to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] who moved an
adjournment. But the gentleman from Maryland,
