1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
principles of the Republican party, but to confirm
them by detaching and debauching those States,
dividing the South, and thus putting them in the
way of eventual emancipation.
That is the policy, sir; and if Senators on the
other side would answer candidly, they would
avow it. It is an able policy. It is an ingenious
policy. But for the fidelity to their interests and
honor of the border States, I believe it would be
an effective policy.
Sir, from my place in the Senate, I warn those
States that this is the policy to be pursued; and
I do not hesitate to say that, if allowed to be
carried out, m my opinion, it js for them no less
than a question of emancipation, with all its coin-
plicated und disastrous consequences; for, I ask
you again, who can point to any symptom any-
where of any purpose, either in the House ot
Representatives, or in the Spnate here, or in the
Republican press, or in any of the recent elections,
or in the acts of their Legislatures recently or now
in session—who can point me to any evidence
of a purpose on the part of that party to sur-
render any of the distinctive principles of its or-
ganization, or to admit the southern States to
equality in this Union, as they understand equal-
ity and right?
Mr. President, look at the border States. They
have tried to be the pacificators. In common with
their gallantand loyal northern friends, they have
demanded, they have asked, they have begged,
they have implored, for honorable terms of set-
tlement,and they have been spurned. Hownoble
and just and patient and forbearing they have
been; and this is the reward offered to them for
their honest, loyal, and well-meant offers to save
the Union of the States. But, Mr. President, let
Senators not mistake the border States. Let it
not be supposed that they adhere to the hope of
settlement because they fear coercion, or because
they are appalled by senatorial threats of blood-
letting. No, sir; 110, sir. Does any man who
knows anything of the history of the State 1 have
the honor to represent, suppose that she is con-
trolled for an .instant by such considerations?
Do, sir. Her people are numerous, brave, self-
reliant, and true to her interests and to her honor.
She has written her heroic history, in characters
that cannot perish, upon the annals of this Con-
federacy. Sir, 1 would not pursue this line of
remark for an instant, hut that we have been
taunted here again and again with the doctrine of
force and threats of blood-letting. Let me tell the
Senator who uttered this last threat, that Ken-
tucky, m defending the lives and rights of_ his
people, has shed more blood on the soil of his
Slate than his constituents will ever shed on hers
Nay, more, sir: there is not in all your histoiy,
fiom the tune she entered the Confederacy, one
battle-field that has not been whitened with the
bones of her sons; nor a stream that finds its way
from its source to the Jakes, or the river, that has
not been stained by the blood of her children.
Besides the present generation, numerous and
thronging, we have yet among us many, many a
veteran, full of his original strength and courage,
ready now to defend his State as, when young, he
trod with elastic step the bloody plains of Chal-
melte, or rushed with meteor valor to defend your
Northwest from Bntish and Indian foes. No,
sir; U is not because she fears, but because she is
attached to the Constitution and the Union of the
States, that Kentucky lingers yet, and pleads yet
for a settlement.
Sir, perhaps it is not becoming in any man to
say what his State will do in so momentous an
issue as this; but I tell you plainly what I think
Kentucky will do. She understands this issue.
She understands this crisis. Soon, very soon, from
peak to peak of her mountain tops, and alongall
her smiling plains, will ring out a clear cry for
equality and justice. She will exhaust all hon-
orable means to reunite these States; but if that
fails, she will not lay her bright and beaming
forehead in the dust, but, turning to her southern
sisters, with whom she is identified by geograph-
ical position and by the ties of friendship, of in-
tercourse, of commerce, and of common wrongs,
she will unite with them to found a noble Repub-
lic, and invite beneath its stainless banner such
other States as know how to keep the faith of
compacts, and to respect constitutional obligations
and the comity of a confederacy.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate longer
than I intended. Sir, precious hours have been
allowed to glide by unimproved by those who
alone had the power to improve them. It may
now be too late to restore the Union. I trust
not. But if it can be done at ali. it can only
be done by the'majority of the northern people,
whom you, Senators, represent. The gallant and
true-hearted men of the North, who would give
cheerfully,as a right, the terms to which we think
we are entitled, are powerless. The power is in
your hands. The destiny of the country, in my
opinion, is immediately in the hands of the Pres-
ident, and remotely iii'the hands of the majority
whom you represent. The question cannot be
determined by general words of conciliation and
peace.
If there be a real desire to reunite all the St4gh
in a constitutional Union, instead of adhering!
with stubborn tenacity, to those principles which
will rive the Union as surely as the wedge rives
the oak, instead of devising schemes to demoralize
the border slaVe States, and to divide and distract
the South, address youiselves to the real questions
at issue. Will your people agree that the com-
mon Government shall be impartial between these
States and their institutions? Will it cease to
aggress upon them ? Will it cease to put them
under the ban of the Republic? Will it accord
to them a proper share in the common inheritance
of all the States and all the people? These are
the questions; and you, and you alone, and those
you represent, can answer them.
So much, sir, for the future. For the present,
I may be pardoned for saying, closing as I began,
that, in my opinion, the only mode on eaith to
preserve the peace of this country is for the Ad-
ministration, with or without the advice of the
Senate, immediately to remove the Federal troops
from within the borders of the confederate States.
It will be a bold act; but it will be the act of a
patriot and a statesman; it will be an act that all
good men will approve and justify; it will be an
act that will be hailed from one end of this coun-
try to the other as the harbinger of pcaco, as the
true test of a peace policy. If he does it, opinions
will be various; some will brand him as a false
and faltering statesman; but more, far more, and
history will approve their voice, will declare him
to bo a patriot, who nobly refused to plunge his
country into the calamities of civil war.
Mr HALE. Mr. President, some remarks
have fallen from the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, to which I hope never to feel the necessity
of replying again on this floor; but they have been
said so often, and repeated so many times—not
always so well said as the honorable Senator from
Kentucky has now said tliem—that I feel again
called upon, at the expense of being thought tedi-
ous, and indulging in unnecessaiy repetition, to
put in an answer which I think is found upon the
plainest page of our history.
In regard to what course the Administration are
going to take with reference to the forts, and the
withdrawal of the forces, I have no advice to give
until it is asked for. I have not been in counsel
with this Administration; they have not asked
my advice, and I have not tendered it to them.
The President has selected from the country those
gentlemen whom he thought, by their enlarged
and statesmanlike views, and other qualifications,
were competent to advise him in the selection of
members of his Cabinet; and 1 suppose he relies
upon their advice, and does not feel the necessity
of asking any outside. Besides, I have governed
myself by one of thoseaxioms which the Senator
from the late State of Texas [laughter] avowed
himself as acting by on a former occasion; and 1
will state linn fairly, because 1 do not think he
will say anything here on the floor now.
Mr. W1GFALL. Will the Senator allow me?
I do not wish to interrupt him, but he said " the
late State of Texas." Texas was a State before
she was admitted into the Union; she was a State
after she came into the Union; and she is now,
and always will, I hope, be a State; and, unless
this Government, or some other, has power to
reduce her to a provincial condition, she will, I
am sure, always remain a State.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am not going into
any philological discussion 
Mr. WIGFALL. That is all I wanted to say.
Mr. HALE. The late Senator, then, from the
State of Texas [laughter] avowed it as one of his
rules of action, never to give advice unless it was
asked, and then hot unless it was paid for. The
Administration have not asked for my advice,
and 1 cannot give it. But I come now to what,
if I understood the Senator from Kentucky; was
the burden of his speech, and that was the action
of this Government with reference to tire Terri-
tories. He asks us if we will do impartial justice?
1 answer, yes. He says that these confederate
States, or rather the other eight States—-and I
suppose they are confederate States yet, though
not " the confederate States"—will not remain In
this Union on terms of inequality. I, perhaps, do
not quote the honorable Senator's precise words,
but I certainly have his idea; and that has been
said so often, and put forth so many times, that
I fear, if Senators do not convince the country,
they will, at least, convince themselves that there
is something in that argument. Now, sir, what
is the truth of history upon this subject? How
did the country stand at the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution; and how does it stand to-day,
in reference to this very question of the law of
slavery in the Territories ?
When the State of Kentucky eamc into this
Union of States, slavery was prohibited, nototily
by statute, but by Constitution, by compact irrt-
pealable, in every inch of territory over which
Federal jurisdiction was exerted. When, in 1789,
George Washington took the oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, the Federal flag
did not wave over an inch of this broad earth, out-
side of the limits of a State, where slavery was
not prohibited in the most solemn forms bya com-
pact declared to be irrepealable. I am not going
to trace the history of the country up. In 1830
you divided the territory; and you declared that
in that portion of it lying north of 3C° 30' north
latitude slavery should be prohibited, and south
of it, by implication, it was permitted. So it re-
mained till 1854; and whattnendid you do? You
talk about our aggressions; but in 1854 you broke
down that time-honored compact; you removed
the restriction; and, by virtue of that act, yciu
spread slavery over the continent from one end
to the other outside of the States of the Union;
aflft, as if that were not enough, you have got now
a judicial exposition of the Constitution by the
highest judicial tribunal of the land, that slavery
extends, by virtue of the Constitution, wherever
the jurisdiction of the Constitution goes,an"d that
all the power Congress has over the subject is the
power, coupled with the duty, of protection. And
yet, sir, the Senator from Kentucky says that
they are not going to be deprived of all the terri-
tory I I do not understand this language; I do not
know what it means; but I want the country to
take notice of the fact, that to-day, now, at the
very time that you are complaining of our aggres-
sions, by the action of this Federal Government,
legislative and judicial, every restriction that ever
existed against your institutions is taken down,
and the solemn sanction of a judicial exposition
of the Constitution is given, just exactly as you
have dictated it, proclaimed, or if not proclaimed,
foreshadowed, on the eastern portico of the Cap-
itol, by Mr. Buchanan, when he delivered his in-
augural speech. The decree was then, ill fact,
pronounced, afterwards registered by the Supreme
Court. You have got all, every inch of territory,
and still complain that you want more.
But, to be a little more particular, let us look at
the Territories; look at Nebraska. You not only
have got slavery where the people do not want it,
but you have got it where they have determined
not to have it. The only way that Kansas could
rid herself of the forced protection of slavery
within her limits, was to throw off the vassalage
of a Territory and come into the Union asaState;
and then, and not till then, would you let her be
heard on the subject of slavery. In Nebraska,
another of your'Territories, the people, by the
voice of their elected Legislature, declared that
it was not the popular will that slavery should
exist, and, by a most decided majority of both
branches of the Legislature, abolished it. What
did you do ? Your Federal Government, through
its accredited agent, stepped in, and by the inter-
position of the Executive veto paralyzed the pop-
ular sentiment, and said that the popular will and
the popular sense thus expressed must yield, and
slavery must be inaugurated and maintained and
perpetuated there.
Sir, you have now got the whole of it; there is
not a foot of territory where you have not got all
