1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
at my request, withdrew temporarily the motion
to adjourn, and yielded to me to enable me to
make a motion which I stated would not lead to
debate or call for a vote that evening. The gen-
tleman from Maryland clearly and distinctly re-
linquished the floor to me, and I was recognized
by the Speaker. No objection was" offered by
the gentleman from Ohio or by any other gentle-
man. In my place I offered the amendment.
There was no point of order raised upon it. It
was not ruled out of order by the Speaker upon
any objection made, and I insist that, under the
rules of the House—and I call spccial attention
to the 43d rule—my amendment was in order. If
the gentleman from Ohio had claimed the floor,
or the gentleman from Maryland had not relin-
quished it to me, I could not have offered it.
But the gentleman from Ohio did not claim it,
and no objection was made on the part of the
gentleman from Maryland, who courteously ex-
tended the floor to me.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Ohio ex-
pressly yielded the floor for a motion to adjourn,
and for no other purpose.
Mr. SICKLES. That may be true; but nev-
ertheless it does not alter the state of the case.
Mr. GROW. Yes it does.
Mr. RUST. What is the question before the
House?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New
York insistson his pointoforder,the Chairfeels
constrained to overrule it.
Mr. RUST. Does the gentleman from New
York take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair? If he does not, then I object to further
debate.
Mr. SICKLES. My motion is, and that is the
question now before the House, to correct the
Journal. Is it in order for me to move to correct
the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SICKLES. I supposed so; and I have
therefore submitted a motion for the correction of
the Journal. I move to correct the Journal, so
that it will show the proceedings I have stated.
The question was taken on Mr. Sickles , mo-
tion; and it was disagreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF DELAWARE.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to present certain res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Dela-
ware, urging the adoption of the resolutions
introduced into the Senate by Hon. John J. Crit-
tenden, and to move that they be referred to the
select committeeof five, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly
BORDER STATE PROPOSITION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani-
mous consem of the House for leave to present,
and to have read and printed, a series of resolu-
tions agreed upon by the majority of the border
State committee in connection with the pending
troubles. I give notice that at the proper time I
will move them as an amendment to the majority
report of the select committee of thirty-three,
which is now the special order before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume there will be no
objection to the resolutions being received, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed; but I
do not see any reason for having them read, as
every member of the House is already acquainted
with them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not object
to that.
Mr. BURNETT. Are the resolutions in
order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I objcct to their re-
ception; and call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope my friend
will withdraw his objection, and let the resolu-
tions come in.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I make the point of
order that the objection came too late. The gen-
tleman from Maryland got the floor, and had
introduced the resolutions before objection was
made.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky insists, he is entitled to his objection, and
the resolutions cannot be received.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not care particularly
about this matter; but my friend from Illinois is
mistaken, for I did object as soon as the res-
olutions were offered.' I do not object to their
being introduced, provided they be laid upon the
table.
The resolutions were then laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS FROM MARYLAND.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to present
memorials signed by seventeen thousand citizens
of the State of Maryland, representing every
county in the State, in favor of the border State
propositions.
Mr. GROW. 1 rise to a point of order. The
rules cf the House provide for the reception of
petitions and memorials by presentation to the
Clerk; and I object to the rules being broken by
publicly presenting these memorials in the House,
and in that way unnecessarily consuming the
time of the House. I object to the reception of
the memorials offered by the gentleman from
Maryland. He can introduce them as other
petitions and memorials are introduced;—under
the rules.
Mr. HINDMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
know whether it is in order for me now to pro-
pose an amendment to the report of the select
committee of thirty-three? My object in making
the inquiry is to submit a statement that I am one
of those not willing to be committed to the sup-
port either of the emasculated Crittenden or bor-
der State propositions. I approve of neither of
them, and 1 will vote for neitner of them. I wish
an opportunity to present amendments which set
forth the position of those who agree with me.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. De-
bate is not in order, the regular order of business
having been callcd for, except on the proposition
before the House.
Mr. HINDMAN. I rise for the purpose of
gathering information from the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The regul :r order of busi-
ness being called for, the gentleman from Arkan-
sas is not in order. The regular order of business
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on the Post Office and Posi
Roads.
1 Posy
..v
POSTAL SERVICE IN SECEDING STATES
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
back the bill introduced by myself yesterday, in
relation to the postal service, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass. The Clerk will read
it; as I propose, unless debate is desired on it, to
put it on its passage at this time.
The bill was read inextenso. It provides that—
Whereas,in several States of the Union, the judges, dis-
trict attorneys, and marshals, commissioned by the Gov-
ernments the United States tor said States, have resigned
their offices, and it appears impracticable, in consequence
of revolutionary proceedings therein, to fill the vacancies
thus created; and whereas the Government of the United-
States 13 thus without any means of collecting or enforcing
in *uch States the paymentof the postal r«venues from the
officers collecting the same, or of punishing violations of
the postal laws, committed by robberies of the mails or
otherwise, or of enforcing the performance of mail con
tracts: Therefore,
Beit enacted, That, in ail States which are or may here
alter be situated as above, the Postmaster General is hereby
directed to di-continue the postal service for such period
of time as, in his judgment, the public interest may require,
and shail report his action to Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. Has that bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not. It has just been
reported.
Mr. COLFAX. I enter the usual motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I will make a few remarks in
regard to this subject. We should not have rec-
ommended the suspension of the postal service in
thp States called the seceding States', if the Uni-
ted States courts had been allowed to remain in-
tact; but the condition of our postal service in
those States now is this: the people there are
privileged, if they choose, to open the mails pub-
licly; to rifle them; to destroy them; and there
is no method provided under the law by which
they can be brought to justice, as such offenders
must be tried before a United States court. A
postmaster, who collects th'e revenue, may refuse
to honor drafts of the Department, and there is
no means by whi«h the rev^nae «an be eollesied
in case of such refusal. The contractors for car-
rying the mails in those States may of course
hold us to the letter of our contract; by if they
choose, they can refuse to perform their part of
it, and there is no legal remedy to compm them •
to perform their contract. In this condition of
affairs it becomes, as it seems to me, the impera-
tive duty of the Government, if there be no means
for protecting its postal service, to discontinue
that service.
1 stated, yesterday, that I would yield to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,]
if he desired to speak on this subject; and I state
to him now, if he or his friends are not pi*epared
to vote on the bill at this time, I will agree to a
postponement of its further consideration for a
few days, if they will name the time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire that the bill may be
printed, before it is called up for action.
Mr. BRANCH. I stated yesterday, when I
moved the reference of this bill to the select com-
mittee of five, that my reason for doing so was
that subjects of a similar character were then
pending before that committee. There is no more ^
reason, looking to the action of that committee,""
why we should be prepared, or why I should be
prepared, to speak or act on this bill, than there
was yesterday. I therefore do not desire to act
on it or to discuss it to-day. If, however, it shall
be postponed to some future day, I may desire to
discuss it. I do not now mean either to discuss
or to act on this bill if I can avoid it; bat 1 will,
however, avail myself of the courtesy tendered
to me by the honorable gentleman from Indiana,
so far as to submit an amendment, in the nature
of a substitute for the bill which he has reported,
and on which I desire to vote, if his bill shall ever
come up for action. It is the only extent to which
I propose to avail myself of the courtesy tendered
to me by the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX. In answer to the gentleman,
I desire to say this: if the committee of five are
investigating this matter,it has not been especially  
referred to them. I have no objection totheirex- \
amining it. But, sir, the postal system of the \#
country is placed, by our rules, under the super- w
Vision of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. We have considered this matter,
and felt it to be our duty to move in the manner
I have indicated. If the gentleman from North
Carolina be not prepared now to name the time
when he will be ready to vote on this bill, I must
insist on calling for the previous question on the
passage of the bill. I am perfectly willing that
the amendment of the gentleman shall be read;
but, at the same time,I cannot waive my motion
to recommit to permit his amendmenttocome in.
I cannot, for one, recognize as true what has been
held in regard to seceding States being out of the
Union. The bill is not placed upon that ground
at all. I stated, at the outset, that if the United
States courts had been allowed to remain in ex-
istence in the seceding States, we would not have
felt it to be our duty to report this bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will hear my proposed amendment read.
He will find it so relevant to the measure pro-
posed by him—and, indeed, it only differs by
making the provision broader and covering a little
more ground—that he will not object to it. The
Presidentofthe United States has communicated to
Congress that, owing to the fact that we have no
Federal officers in at least one State of the Union,
that he is unable to execute the laws of the United
States. The whole subject-matter of that mes-
sage has been referred by the House to the select
committee of five members. The message which
the President communicated to us is not that we
are unable solely to execute the post office laws;
but that all the laws of the United States in one
of the seceding States of the Union—South Caro-
lina—are in the same condition, so far as their
execution goes, as the post office laws. Now,
the gentleman from Indiana proposes to select out
one class of laws, one branch only of the public
service, and make a special arrangement in regard
to that in the States which have seceded, while I
propose, by my substitute, to extend the opera-
tion of the bill to all the laws of the United States
which, according to the information given to us
by the President, cannot be executed in those
States. I simply propose to make the provision
whieh he desires to make in re&reW te the post
