1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 18,
that yon claimed, and more than you claimed,
until within a very short time—for it is but very
lately that the claim was ever put forth that sla-
very should be protected by the Legislature in
the Territories; but you have got beyond that, and
the judges of your highest tribunal have declared
that it is the duty of Congress to protect slavery
there; and yet you are complaining of northern
aggressions on this subject, of aggressions upon
your rights. When, where, how, have we ag-
gressed ? I do not ask these questions in any
Captious spirit; I ask them with a sincere and
earnest and honest desire to know the time and
the place, the day and the occasion, when these
States have been guilty of the breach of faith of
which you complain. When have they under-
taken to put your institutions under the ban?
When have they undertaken to assert for them-
selves the enjoyment of a right which they have
not given to you? Since the judicial exposition
of the Constitution that has been made by the
Federal courts, where has there been an attempt
made such as you complaim of? Sir, we might
just as well open our eyes to the fact as not. The
policy of the late Democratic party that recently
went out of power has ruled this country; it has
ruled it almost without question and without re-
buke; and if there has been a single feature of its
policy more marked than another, standing out,
challenging the observation of the world—and I
may say, and I speak it from the bottom of my
heart, challenging not only the observation, but
the reproach of the world—that feature has been
the protection, the support, tbe perpetuity of the
institution of human slavery. You have not been
content to take it as the Constitution left if; you
have not been content to treat it as you used to
claim to have it treated years ago, as a local insti-
tution, subject to your own control, and not sub-
ject to Federal legislation; but you have changed
your policy entirely, and now ask that the Fed-
eral Government shall come forward and do more
than they were ever asked to do until a little while
ago, and the Federal Government has done it, not
only by its legislation, but by the Federal judi-
ciary, more potent than legislation. And wllen
fentlcmen talk to me about settling this question,
aver before the country, and before God, 1 do
not know what they mean; I do not undei,stand
what the question is. When a man has got the
whole territory in Ins hands; when he has got
unlimited license to go there, and the whole power
of the Federal Government is protection coupled
with the duty of protection, 1 am at a loss to
know what question he means when he asks for
more. What more do you want? Do you want
to carry slavery into our States? Do you want
power to protect slavery in our States? If you
do, say so. There is a case now pending, 1 tlunk,
before the Supreme Court of the United States
involving that question; and if the Democratic
party ever comes into power again, 1 venture to
say that their President elect, as ho .stands on that
portico, can tell the crowd what (he decision in
that case will be.
Now, sir, 1 trust I have said these things in a
kind spirit, because I do not wish to add to the
animosity or to the ill feeling that already exists
in the country; but I am not willing to sit here
day after day, week after week, and month after
month, and hear gentlemen who have got tho whole
thing in their own hands complain of aggression,
and tell us that we have m our hands the power to
give peace to a distracted country. Sir, 1 tell you
we have got nothing left on earth to give; you
have got the whole already. You have got the
territory in all its length and breadth, north and
south, east and west, and we have none to give,
unless we give up to you that strip of sea-shore
that wo own, extending three miles from the coast;
for I believe that is the only place where the Fed-
eral Hag waves outside of a State, where you have
not got everything that you have ever claimed
for slavery.
Sir, do not let us be deceived, or let anybody
else be deceived, by these oft-reiterated declara-
tions about northern aggression. When 1 first
heard that phrase, " northern aggression"—and I
tell you that that noun "aggression" and that
adjective " northern," never were put together
from the beginning of time until long and long .
since I first had a seat on the floor of this Senate— ,
itstiuek my ear as something that was used hi j
derision and in scorn; it seemed to me as if it was !
a sort of taunting of northern men on the submis-
sion which they had always exhibited. When
gentlemen came to use this noun and this adjec-
tive together—"northern aggression"—I confess
that it filled me with astonishment; and it was
some years after it was familiarly used on this
floor Before I brought my mind to believe that
gentlemen wore really m earnest about it, and
meant what they said. 1 see the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] look-
ing me in the face. I think it was some time before
he put that noun and adjective together without
smiling internally, if not externally; because the
history of the country must have been, and could
have been received in no other way by the mass
of the people of the countiy who looked at things
as they really were, and by the great mass of the
northern people, who thought and believed and
felt that this policy had ruled them so long, and
they were first awakened out of that dream by
hearing the talk on this floor of northern aggres-
sion.
Northern aggression! Well, sir, long as the
phrase has been used here, 1 have yet to learn
what it means. I do not know what it means.
I do not know in what we have aggressed. 1 do
not know what the action of the Federal Govern-
ment has been that you complain of. Indeed, I
have heard some of the gentlemen who used to
represent States on this floor, that have now gone
out from it, declare that they had no complaint
to make of this Federal Government; that they
had no complaint to make of this* Federal Con-
stitution; for they liked it. The honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky likes it; the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia likes the Federal Constitution;
and a man who was not remiss in the advocacy
of what he deemed to be southern rights—I refer
to Mr. Toombs, late a Senator here from Geor-
gia—declared that the administration of the Fed-
eral Government on this subject, in the main, had
been fair; never more so than it was at the last
Congress, lie said it had always been fair; never
more so than it was last year.
Then, sir, what is the difficulty? I tell you
what it is, Mr. President; the difficulty is, that
those who were ins are outs—nothing else on this
earth. I cannot appreciate it; 1 do not see how
it is that it stirs up men so. I have been out in
the cold a long time, [laughter,] and 1 have borne
myself with such equanimity, that it is astonish-
ing to me to see how it affects gentlemen who are
just stepping out. I had a letter, not long ago,
from a friend in your State, Mr. President, [Mr.
Foster in the chair,] soliciting my humble aid
towards obtaining, or retaining, for a friend some
office; and 1 had to write back and tell the friend,
that I had been m the minority so long I had not
yet learned how to act in the majority; it was
something 1 was not accustomed to. J felt very
much as a late Senator from the State of Florida
once did, when speaking to me of Florida, and of
the beautiful climate, its healthy and salubrious
airs. "Why," said he,tC it is such a fine, healthy
country there, that the people have not learned how
to behave well at funerals, they come so rarely."
[Laughter.] I am in that situation. I do not
know how to behave in the majomy, I have been
in the minority so long. That, sir, is the real
difficulty; that is the sole dillieulty; but there is a
class of men on the other Hide of the Chamber
that I think might, if they would set themselves
really in earnest to work about it, give whole-
some advice to their fellows. I refer to that por-
tion of the Democratic party of to-day that is
made up of what used to be the old Whig party.
1 think they might have learned something of the
lessons winch being m the minority teaches, and
that the experience they acquired in that old party
might be of service, and enable them to utter
u ouls of counsel and of wisdom to those who
were never educated in that school. 1 do believe
— 1 say it m no other spirit but from the firm con-
viction of my heai t—that tbe great difficulty which
exists in this country to-day, which threatens the
peace and the perpetuity of tins country, (if it. is
threatened,) arises from the restlessness of those
gentlemen who have been required to sit down in
seats that they have been unaccustomed to occupy
— I mean the seats of the minority.
Let me say here, that, while I am no advocate
for that iron rule of the majority which, by the
mere force of numbers, would control independ- |j
ent of the wholesome restraints of the Constitu- M
tion, it is necessary, in every constitutional Gov-
ernment, that there should be that spirit of loyalty
in the breasts of the people, and eminently so in
the breasts of those who occupy high places in
the land, that when the popular voice—which has
been said with more than poetic justice to be the
voice of God, the voice of the people—pronounced
in the solemn forms prescribed by the Constitu-
tion, has been pronounced from the majesty of
the seat of popular power, it becomes those men
who love constitutional government, it becomes
those men who revere the great doctrines of the
fathers to bow; not to become what they term
in derision " submissionists," any further than it
is required of them to be submissionists in every
constitutional Government, and in that sense in
which my friends who sit around me have so long
been submissionists.
Sir, 1 believe that this is the trial hour of this
nation. I believe we are in a crisis. I believe
that events of tremendous import are hanging upon
the result of the action that we are taking, and
shall take. If the lawless spirit which sets itself
up in defiance of the behests and the decrees of
the popular will,pronounced in the constitutional
form, is to prevail, and the spirit of discontent is
to be scattered broadcast over the land, and the
constitutional action of the chosen heads of the
nation is to be disregarded, from a spirit of fret-
ful impatience; if every minority, as soon as it
finds itself a minority, is to stand up dictating
terms in advance to the majority, and telling them
''that must be so, or we will go out of this Con-
federacy," your experiment is at an end; your
Constitution is a lie; your existence as a nation
is a cheat, and your history a delusion; and the
example which you have set, instead of lighting
the pilgrims of despotism the world over from
the miseries under which they groaned to a more
perfect and more enlightened Government, has
been an ignis fatuus—leading those who would
strive forliberty to the most miserable failure that
history ever recorded. How old is this Govern-
ment? Sir, there are men living to-day who can
remember when your Declaratipn of Independ-
ence was first pronounced; there are ears into
which fnst fell the sublime truths that were then
enunciated to the world by the great apostle of
liberty; and if we goon as gentlemen have threat-
ened, if they dictate terms to the popular will and
to the popular party, and say that they make them
a stwe quanon upon which their allegiance is to
be rendered, it is all a failure; and though I would
do as much as the Senator from Kentucky would
do—as much as any man living would do—and
if for the preservation of the liberties of this coun-
try the sacrifice of my poor life should be called
for, I trust God would give me grace to lay my-
self down a victim on the altar of patriotism as
readily as any man; I say, if this is to be the
manner in which we arc to be met, if this is to be
the great argument addressed to us, much as I
love this country, much as I reverence the Con-
stitution of the United States, I say to all such
States, go, go; and instead of asking one to come
back that has gone out, I would rather request
more to go out, if they are not willing to stay in
the Union as our fathers made it, and submit to
the restraints of the Constitution as they intended
it should be submitted to. [Applause m the gal-
leries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foster in
the chair) called to order.
Air. HALE. Sir, we are aUnion only in name,
if we are not willing to abide by this test. If we
are not willing to submit to the requirements of
the Constitution, perform all its duties, and when
the popular voice says to those in power, "come
down, and let other men take your places," if,
instead of quietly surrendering the ensigns of
power at the behest of the popular will, they
choose to " let slip the dogs of war," and appeal
to that as the arbiter to decide our questions, then,
sir, instead of having a Government which we may
boast of, we ought to hide our faces in shame.
Sir, to use language which has but little mean-
ing to my cars, (for 1 do not understand it, but I
suppose it has a meaning to some, when they
speak of" this question,") I hope "this question,"
be it what it will, and be it what it may, will be
settled. Sir, sometimes I have had wild dreams,
waking and sleeping; sometimes I have fancied,
in the vagaries, perhaps, of an unbridled imagin-
ation, that it would be a post worthy of the am-
