1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fill
ington Territory, and asked that the same be put
■upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, after this reso-
lution is explained, 1 think no member will object
to it. At the last session of Congress, a law was
passed authorizing the withdrawal of the steam-
ship service between San Francisco and Olympia,
in Washington Territory, performed semi-month-
ly, at $122,500 a year, and substituting a daily
service, in four-horse coaches, through the inte-
rior to the same points, at $90,000 a year. This
effected a saving of $32,500; and gave also daily
service, instead of semi-monthly, through the in-
tenor of California, Oregon, and Washington
Territory, to Olympia, its capital and center.
We have now a weekly service by steamer
through Puget Sound, Admiralty Inlet, and the
Straits of Fuca, from Olympia, via Steilacoom,
Seattle, Port Madison, Port Ludlow, Port Town-
send, New Dungeness, Whatcom, and Fort Bel-
lingham, to Semiahmoo, touching also at Victo-
ria, on Vancouver's Island, and Camp Pickett,
on San Juan Island,about two hundred and fifty
miles of inland navigation on that remarkable in-
land sea, at a cost of $24,000 per year.
The proposition now is to appropriate a por-
tion of the amount saved by the retrenchment
effected by the substitution of the inland for the
steamship service to the improvement of the
inteiior service in Washington Territory from
weekly to semi-weekly, at fro rata increase of
pay—a service which reaches all our forts on that
exposed frontier, lying opposite to the island of
Sail Juan, about which we have, at present, some
difficulty with Great Britain, who claims it, and
the only service by which we can reach those
forts. The Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads unanimously recommend the passage
of the resolution. If any gentleman desires fur-
ther information on the subject, 1 presume the
Delegate from Washington Territory can give it;
if not, 1 will move the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would inquire of the gentle-
man from Indiana, when this contract willexpire
in the Territory of Washington?
Mr. COLFAX. The regular contract ?
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLFAX. In less than two years from
this time.
Mr. PHELPS. Why, then, do the commit-
tee propose to make this an exception to all other
postal contracts by prolonging the term of ser-
vice for two years ? My impression is that the
contract will expire one year from the 30th of
June next. In other words, this is an extension
of a contract made under the former high prices,
when, perhaps, the prices may be reduced. Why,
then, is this contract to be exempted from the
rule applied to all other contracts, and to be ex-
tended ?
Mr. COLFAX. This was originally a con-
gressional contract. Besides that, the putting on
of additional steamships, making two trips per
week, involves, of course, a great expense to the
contractors.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand the proposition
is, to discontinue the steamship service and have
a land one.
Mr. COLFAX. My friend is mistaken. It
enlarges the steamship service from weekly to
semi-weekly, communicating on each side of Puget
Sound and the upper part of the Straits of Fuca.
Mr. PHELPS. Why, then, extend it beyond
the ordinary contracts?
Mr. COLFAX. Because it involves the ex-
pense of additional steamers, and a contractor
might object to this unless he had a contract for
a term of years. ,
Mr. PHELPS. Has not the Postmaster Gen-
eral a right to increase the service on paying an
increased pro ratal
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General stated,
as I understand it, to the Delegate from Wash-
ington Territory, that he had no objection to ex-
tending this contract if Congress saw fit to order
it; but, being a congressional contract, he did not
see fit to increase the service except by the action
of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will state
to the gentleman from Missouri, that I had an
interview with the Postmaster General, who said
to me that he had no objection to have this ser-
vice put on the same footing with the original
service. I will state, furthermore, that when the
original service was ordered, it was put on a par-
ity with ocean service, bids for a ten years' con-
tract having been invited The Postmaster Gen-
eral made the contract for four years, intimating
that he would renew it. The contractors pur-
chased a suitable steamer, and entered on the
performance of the service. The compensation
has been low, but the service has been performed,
though with difficulty, from the fact that it is in
a country where there are neither founderies nor
ship-yards. In order now to change it into a
semi-weekly service, it is necessary, as the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee has observed,
to put on another steamer at considerable expense.
The service is certainly a very important one;
and it is but reasonable that it should be asked
for, seeing that we have been deprived of the ad-
ditional service through Puget Sound.
Mr. PHELPS. I will say to thegentlemen from
Indiana and Washington Territory, that I am
willing the increased service should be extended
during the continuance of the present contract.
But we have heard much of the high prices of
contracts in these distant Territories, and we find
that they are being gradually reduced. I think,
therefore, that when this contractexpires, it should
be thrown open to public competition, when all
the other mail routes in that Territory shall be also
open to public competition. I think, therefore,
that if it is desired to increase service on this route,
the best policy would be to increase it during the
continuance of the present contract, and no longer.
When proposals are invited for mail service in
Washington Territory, they may be invited not
only for other contracts, but for this one. I de-
sire, therefore, to submit an amendment, to con-
fine this increased service to the continuance of
the present contract. If I am correctly informed,
that contract expires in a year from the 30th of
June next.
Mr. COLFAX. This year, I am informed, this
particular contract expires.
Mr PHELPS. Are the general lettings for
the Territory of Washington to be made this
year?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The con-
tracts for the other routes do not expire till the
30th of June, J862; but this one expires June,
1861.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I am willing that this
increased service shall continue till the other con-
tracts expire, and then let all be advertised for at
once.
Mr. COLFAX. I consent that the amendment
shall come in, although I shall vote against it.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. I move that
amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. The recommendation of the
Post Office Committee is based, among other
things, on a joint resolution of the Territorial
Legislature of Washington Territory. I think,
myself, there is a very grave doubt as to whether,
if the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri prevails, the contractor will be willing to
build an additional steamer for the purpose of
carrying the mail a single year. But I will let
the amendment be offered; and now I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to, and the joint res-
olution read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
move'd to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to re-
port back House bill No. 891, supplementary to
"An act to facilitate communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph,"
with a recommendation that the second and fourth
sections shall be stricken out, and the bill as
amended passed.
STATE OF THE UNION.
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, the House will now proceed to
the consideration of the report of the special com-
mittee of thirty-three.
Mr. COLFAX. I understood that the order in
regard to that was, that the special order should
be taken up after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The hourof oneo'elock was
the time named.
Mr. COLFAX. The morning hour commencod
at twenty-five minutes past twelve.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana labors under a mistake. The hour of one
o'clock was fixed for the special order.
Mr. COLFAX. I heard the motion distinctly,
as it was made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.} It was .at my suggestion ho made
the motion to except the morning hour. The re-
port of the committee was to be made the special
order for one o'clock on Monday, and from day
to day, afterthe morning hour, until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not so
read, and the officers do not so understand it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham} is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. Before the gentleman from
Ohio proceeds, let me make an inquiry of the
Chair. When this debate sprung up yesterday,
nothing was read, and the debate commenced, I
presume, on the report of the committee. I would
1 ike to know now from the Chair whatis the distinct
proposition before the House ? • There are no less
ihan four joint resolutions before the body,and it
is desirable we should know which is the distinct
one to be voted on first?
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose the one proposing
an amendment to the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the com-
mittee will indicate which will have the prece-
dence.
Mr. CORWIN. I am not particularly con-
cerned as to the priority of any of the resolutions
recommended. I consider the whole subject as
being before the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. The whole subject is be-
fore the House, so far as the range of debate is
concerned. Butall the bills and amendments can-
not be before the House at the same time for its
action. On which of them does the chairman of
the committee propose first to take the vote of the
House ?
Mr. CORWIN. I suppose the first resolution
proposed by the committee should be taken up
and disposed of, and so consecutively in the order
in which they stand on the report.
Mr. WINSLOW. The first resolution is one
reported for the action of the committee. I pre-
sume the Chair does not mean that.
Mr. CORWIN. No. I find that the first res-
olution was put there by a mistake of the Clerk.
It is not before the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is a series of seven
resolutions before the House. I ask for a divis-
ion of the question upon them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
that will he in order after the previous question is
demanded.
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes, sir; I only give notice,
now, of my desire to have a separate vote on
these resolutions.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask whether any
substitute offered to the resolutions reported by
the committee is now pending?
The SPEAKER. Nothing is pending but the
resolutions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have extra
copies of the report printed, so that they can be
communicated to the Printer. I move that ten
thousand extra copies be printed.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think they should be
printed, including the minority reports and the
journal of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. I mean all of
the reports.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred
to the Committee on Printing; the suggestion be-
ing that the majority and minority reports shall
be all printed together.
Mr. TAPPAN, The gentleman from New
York inquires whether there is to be any substi-
tute reported for the resolutions reported by the
majority of the committee of tliirty-three. I
desire to say that at the proper time I propose to
offer, as a substitute for those resolutions, the
propositions reported by a minority of the com-
mittee, signed by Mr. Washburn, of Wiscon-
sin, and myself.
Mr. WINSLOW. I take it for granted that
an opportunity will be afforded to all of us to
