1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
doubt that troops are being drawn in from distant
places and collected together, and that a number
of ships are taking supplies. If the policy of the
Administration were war, of course it would con-
ceal it until it was ready to strike; it would re-
?uire several weeks until a movement was made.
will state in this connection, that I have informa-
tion within the last two or three days which leads
me to believe that troops and heavy guns are to be
sent soiith to take possession of the forts in North
Carolina, Virginia, and elsewhere. This has been
brought to my ears within a few days, from sources
that I rely on. How the fact will turn out, I am
not prepared to say; but I do say, that if that re-
sult follows, I shall regard it as evidence of a pur-
pose to make war. I need only callScnators'mmds
to what occurred two months ago. About two
months ago there was a report that troops were to
be sent south, and that war measures were to be
inaugurated; and thereupon some of my own con-
stituents went into the forts of the Government
and took possession of them. They were very
soon informed, kowever, that this was erroneous
information, and they were evacuated; they were
evacuated by order of the Governor, and the peo-
ple have remained quiet ever since. If we are to
have a state of peace, the Government, and you
and 1, all know, that those forts are in no danger
of occupation; but if war measures are to be in-
augurated, then it is very natural that the Gov-
ernment should send troops down to take posses-
sion of them; and I say, frankly,that 1 think the
country is entitled to know from the Administra-
tion, and to know from Senators who are in a po-
sition to understand, what we are to expect; for
if there be a policy to occupy the forts in the con-
federate States, and to collect the revenue, wo all
know that is war. It is idle for gentlemen to talk
about words, to speak of what is war and what
is peace; you and I and all of us know, as was
well and ablyargued by the Senator from Illinois,
that if that be attempted, we have war. I wish to
know it.
Mr. CLARK. The honorable Senator will per-
mit me. Allusion has been made several times
to the Senators on this side, to their being mute;
and it has been said that they could state the pol-
icy of the Administration if they would. Now,
let me say to the honorable Senator, that I know
of no person on this side who has any informa-
tion on the subject. I have no reason to believe
that any person knows any more than has been
stated m the inaugural; and the honorable Sena-
tor and other Senators on that side can put their
interpretation on that just as we can. We have
no authority, and I think no knowledge, from
which we can state to Senators on the other side.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is a little extraordinary
that Senators, occupying the relation they do to-
wards the Administration, should not know what
are its purposes. They know that, while I inter-
freted the inaugural,one way, the Senator from
llinois interpreted it very differently. They know
that the country is divided on the subject, it
was said by the Senator from Massachusetts that
they had only been eight or ten days in power, and
had not had time, perhaps, to determine on then-
policy. Now, I say the country has a right to
know what it is to expect. The present state of
things cannot continue long without collision. If
this Government threatens, the confederate States
will not wait until it has organized powerful arma-
ments, and pounced down upon them. If the
Government's policy be to provoke collision, and
say it is not responsible, it seems to me it is
taking the proper course to do it. If I should
continue to threaten a man, and decline to give
him any explanations, it would not be surprising
if he shoulu anticipate me, and begin the contest.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator pardon me
for again interrupting him? I donotdoitin any
factious spirit.
Mr.CLJ &GMAN. I do not suppose any such
thing. I am happy to hear the Senator.
Mr. CLARK. He speaks of the threats of this
Administration. If he will look at the inaugural,
he will see that the President says there can be
no assault ou his part; the President will assail
nobody. Instead of being a threat, I think it
should be received as he intended—the Govern-
ment will assail nobody.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But the President said
this Government would possess and occupy its
forts in the confederate States. The Senator nods ;
his assent. The Government say: "we intend
to take possession of Fort Moultrie and Fort Pu-
laski, and the other forts of which the State au-
thorities have got possession; they are our prop-
erty; we are going to take possession of them;
there will be no war, no bloodshed, if you sub-
mit." That is the amount of it. Am I to enter
into an argument with the honorable Senator to
prove what I know—and he must know, too, I
take it, so that I cannot enlighten lum on that
point—that that necessarily provokes collision?
Mr. Lincoln says: "I intend to make you pay
taxes to the Government, which you say you do
not owe; you say you are independent; I deny it;
you are as much a pai't of the Union as ypu ever
were; you are bound to pay the taxes; you must
let us occupy tho forts we have ill your territory;
it depends on you whether there shall be blood-
shed; if you submit, there will be none at all."
In other words, "if you obey, I will not strike
you;ifyoudisobeymy commands, if you decline
to give up those torts, if you refuse to pay the
revenue which I intend to collect off you, your
blood will be on your own heads." That is the
result to which we are brought. True, Mr. Lin-
coln says it is not a threat. Oh, no ! no threat!
I go to a man, and say, "I intend to do as I please
with your property, or what you consider your
propprty; and if you resort to force, you must
thank yourself only for your suffering, if it falls
on you."
1 am very glad to get even this explanation
from the Senator from New Hampshire. It shows
an evidence on his part of a willingness courte-
ously to give me all the information he can. And
what is it? " That if you submit to the policy
of the Government—if you surrender back the
forts or allow the Government to take them, and
pay duties to it, there is pcace; otherwise, you
have war." And, as was well argued by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, that is necessarily
war. There is no Senator here who would pre-
tend that you could collect revenue or occupy the
forts without a collision of arms; and honorable
Senators do not mislead anybody by using differ-
ent terms. If any other Senator could go further
than the Senator from New Hampshire, 1 should
be gratified.
1 have made these remarks,Mr. President, with
no view of producing irritation; but seeing the
condition of the country, and the apprehension
that now prevails, 1 was very much m hopes that
something might come out from the other side
indicative of a peaceful disposition on the part of
the Administration. 1 wish m> war. No one
can wish it, 1 take it. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who has heard
what his colleague has said, if he can say any-
thing further to relievo us, will. He concluded
his speech with some sentiments that were very
patriotic. Iledeclaied, if I understood him aright,
that if States were discontented, if they were thor-
oughly dissatisfied with tho Union, rather than
use force to compel them to remain m, he would
let two other discontented States go with them,
or words to that effect. That is a policy which
I understand. It is fiank and manly, and I think
patriotic; and if tho Administration adopts that
policy, there will bo no collision.
But, Mr. President, there is another difficulty
in the way, and we might as well talk frankly.
1 know it is present to the minds of Senators on
the other side, and they must see the difficulty.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,J particularly, who engineered the tariff
bill through, of course sees the difficulty. Well,
why should we not talk together fiankly as Sen-
ators about it? The revenues under that tariff
bill cannot be collected anywhere, I think, if the
declarations which gentlemen make are to beacted
out. If they are to hold that all the confederate
States are in the Union, and that you are to have
no custom-houses on the line between them and
the other States, what will be the result? Goods
will come into New Orleans and Charleston, Mo-
bile, and other places; they will come in paying
a low tariff, and merchants from Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Illinois, and Ohio, if they choose to go
down there and buy goods, will take them home
and pay no duties. No man from the Northwest
will go to New York, and pay a duty of fifty per
cent, on goods that he can get at fifteen or twenty
per cent, duty at New Orleans. That will be the
course of trade, of course. Senators must see that
you cannot have two tariffs, one high and one
low, in operation in the country at once, with any
effect produced by the high tariff. If you go to
a man and say: " You may pay me a high price
or a low price for an article," you will never get
the high price. When, therefore, you attempt to
carry out the new tariff, which contains rates, I
think, of fifty per cent., and some of one hundred
per cent., and some even above one hundred per
cent., you cannot collect those rates at Boston and
New York and Philadelphia, while the men who
want to consume the goods can get them by pay-
ing a duty of only one third as much. That is
impossible. I take it, therefore, that all gentle-
men must see that, in the present condition of
things, matters cannotstand. If the independence
of those States be recognized, and you establish
a line of custom-houses along them, you may
make us in North Carolina, for example, pay as
high duties as you please. I do not like to pay
them, and I do not think my people -will; but I
tell Senators that, if matters stand as they now
are, the merchants from my region will go down
to Charleston, as they often do, and buy goods
under a low tariff. They would rather do that
than go north and buy them under a high tariff.
That will be the effect. You will get no revenue,
therefore, under your high tariff, in a little time,
if this discrepancy is to continue.
Then, I presume, it is not intended to be so. I
presume the Senator from Rhode island,and those
who acted with him, did not intend the tariff,
which has been lately passed, to be a mere farcc,
a mere thing on paper, not to be acted out. Of
course, they mean to get duties under it in some
way or other. If you do not mean to have your
line of custom-houses along the border of the con-
federate States, you must expect to stop importa-
tions there. Plow will you do it? I know you
cannot do it legally without legislation; you can-
not do it without calling Congress together, and
having laws passed to enable you to do it. How
far the limits of the Constitution will restrain it,
is a question which may be argued hereafter; but
it is impossible that things shall stand in this way,
and therefore I regard that as furnishing a preg-
nant circumstance also, to show that the policy
of the Administration is necessarily a hostile one.
I should bo glad to believe otherwise. I should
be very much gratified indeed, as a Senator and
an individual, if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, or the Senator from Rhode Island,'or any-
body else, could give \ne such assurances as I
should like to have.
My purpose, Mr. President, was not to discuss
the general question, but to state why it is that I
cannotadnpt the view of the Senator from Illinois;
why I think all the tracks now point in one direc-
tion, and that is towards collision and war.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from North Caro-
lina spoke to me once last evening, and once this
morning. I will answer him as far as 1 can, and
I will do it frankly; and let me say, when I do so,
I answer as 1 do because it is the truth, and not
because I have any fault to find with anybody.
I know no more what the Administration intend
than that Senator does. I have no more means
of knowing what they intend, than that Senator
has. I presume he has been consulted just as
frequently and as intimately as 1 have been; and
I know he has given as much advice to tin; Presi-
dent, and to each and every head of a Depart-
ment, as I have, and has heard as much from
them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I can only say to the hon-
orable Senator that 1 have not communicated with
one of them, either verbally or in writing; so that,
if his relations are like my own, ho is certainly
very distant from them.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, that is just the case
withme. [Laughter.] I haveneithercorresponded
nor consulted with the President or any head of
a Department, verbally or m writing, m reference
j to any single subject of public policy, nor in re-
gard to a single appointment that they have made
—not one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow tnc to add one other word?
Mr. HALE. Yes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think—and I say this
in good faith and in all sincerity—it indicates a
very great want of intelligence on the part of the
Administration that the Senator has not been con-
sulted, both on account of his position in the
