THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J). C.
Special Session, 37th Cong.
SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1861
New Series.*.„Ko.
party, which would give him great'weight, and
also on account of that ability and acquaintance
with the affairs of the Government which he pos-
sesses. I say this rather with regret, as evincing
a want of that statesmanship on the part of the
Administration that I think it ought to possess.
Mr. HALE, "Well, sir, I agree to that. [Laugh-
ter.] But it is nevertheless true, and absolutely
true; and 1 am in this Administration what I was
in the last—the representative of the State of New
Hampshire, and not of the Administration. I pre-
sume I shall sustain the same relation to the Ad-
ministration that theSenatorfrom North Carolina
will; that is, he will give his cordial support to
all its patriotic purposes that commend themselves
to his judgment. 1 shall endeavor to do the same,
and we shall belong to the same party then, [laugh-
ter,] occupying that position. 1 say that simply
to relieve him from the necessity of ever calling
upon me to know what any of these gentlemen
mean. If he wants to know what my constitu-
ents think, 1 can tell him; nothing beyond that.
When 1 say this, I find no fault with anybody,
for 1 do not feel it; but I say it for the purpose of
putting myself right before that portion of the
country that takes any interestin my position,and
of answering frankly to the Senator from North
Carolina the interrogatories which he has put. I
intend, if I may, to support the Administration
in everything m which they deserve support; and
where they take a course which 1 deem contrary
to the interests and the honor of the country, they
shall not have my support if I know it. But, sir,
thus far I have not been consulted, and it is not
strange; thePresidcnthas been ovei whelmed with
his friends; they have been thronging the avenues
that lead to his mansion, piobabiy to pay their
respects. [Laughter.] I suppose the same is true
of the heads of the Departments. I do not know
what the course may be when their friends, their
visitors, that have come to pay their respects,
have left them; but 1 deem it just to say for my-
self, humble as I am, that to this day, and this
hour, 1 am just as innocent and ignorant of any-
thing that the Administration have done or intend
to do, as the Senator from North Carolina. 1
know nothing about it. With some of the mem-
bers of the Administration, 1 have not passed a
word. I have not even put my eyes on the coun-
tenance of the gentleman that our friends on the
other side are so prone to designate as the great
leading mind of the Republican paity. i have not
even seen his face since he has been inaugurated,
and 1 presume that the President has abundant
confidence in his judgment, in his prudence, in his
".ouiage to stem all the storms that are assailing
the ship of State; and that is the reason why he
has not gone outside of the constitutional en cle of
his advisers to seek advice elsewhere. Having
said that, I leave the subjcct, for I only got up to
? acquit myself of the obligation which 1 supposed,
in frankness, I owed to the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] yester-
day did me the honor to allude to a remark that
I made the other evening upon the subject of
blood-letting, and called it my doctrine, or words j
to that effect. The Senator from Kentucky evi-
dently was not present when I made those re-
marks; because, if he had been present, he would
have seen that I am not entitled to the origination
of that doctrine. Itwas, as I then stated, a very
eminent son of Virginia who first promulgated
the idea of the necessity of blood-letting; it was
an eminent son of his own State of Kentucky, as i
well as of Virginia; for, if I remember rightly,
in 1787 Kentucky was a part of Virginia. 1 read
then, and I now call his attention to the fact that
I read an extract from the wiitings of Thomas
Jefferson upon that very point; and I will read it
again—it is very brief—because, while 1 am dis-
posed to take all the credit to myself which is my
due. 1 object to plagiarism of this kind, and I
object to having the honor conferred upon me
which belongs to so distinguished a gentleman.
I will again read i he extract which I read thai
98
night from the writings of Thomas Jefferson. In
a letter from Pans, on the 13th ofNovember,1787,
Thomas Jefferson said—I read this for the bene-
fit of the Senator from Kentucky, who couid not
have been present, or he would not have given
me this credit:
"The people cannot be all and always well Informed.
The pait which wrong will be discontented in propor-
tion to the facts they misconceive. II they remain in quiet
under such misconceptions, it is a lethargy, the forerunner
ot death to public liberty. VVc have had thirteen States in-
dependent for eleven years. Theie has been one rebellion.
That comes to one rebellion in u century aud a half for
each State. What country before ever existed a century
and a half without a rebellion? And what country can
preserve its libeities, if its nilers are not warned from time
to time that tins people preserve the spiiit of resistance?
Let them take aims. The icmedyisto set them light as
to facts; paidon and pacify them. What signify a few
lives lost in a centuiy or two? The tree of libei ty must he
refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and
tyrants. It is its natural manuie."
That, sir, was the source whence I derived the
the idea of a little blood-letting. It is not original
with me; it originated in the State of Virginia, in
the Senator's own State, and from (I would say)
the most distinguished man, with perhaps one
exception, that that State ever produced.
This reminds me of another mistake that is
often perpetrated upon this floor and elsewhere.
The doctrine of a higher law, and of an irrepres-
sible conflict, is assigned to the late Senator from
New York, and the Senator from Illinois has
called that a plagiarism. He says that Abraham
Lincoln inaugurated that doctrine. Why, sir, did
the Senator from Illinois never road the Bible ? If
he had read it, he would have found that that doc-
trine was old when Mr. Seward was born; he
would have found that that doctrine was old when
the Mayflower crossed the Atlantic; he would
have found that that doctrine was old when our
Saviour was born; he would have found that that
doctrine was antiquated when Solomon sang his
Songs. If he will go back to the history of an
ancient luler by the name of Pharaoh, and read
the history of Moses, he will find that Moses came
to Pharaoh, and said: " Thus saith the Lord God
of Israel, let my people go;'5 but Pharaoh said,
"Moses, you are an Abolitionist. [Laughter.]
Moses, the laws of Egypt aie higher than any
law you can bring to me." " Who is the Lord,"
said he, " that I should obey his voice to let Israel
go. I know not the Lord, neither will I let Israel
go r" Now, 1 have no objection to the Senator
from Illinois assigning this doctrine to Mr. Lin-
coln, or to Mr. Seward, or to Mr. anybody else;
but 1 tell him that the docti mo is an old one, nev-
ertheless. The Senator from Kentucky, who as-
signs to me the inception of the idea that a little
blood-letting was necessary, is equally in error.
That doctrine was held before he was born, or I
either; inaugurated by his own State, and by the
most distinguished man that his State ever pro-
duced.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky
has told us what, in his opinion, the State of Ken-
tucky will do in certain circumstances. He has
spoken first for the State of Kentucky, and then
for other southern States in certain events. He
urges us to withdraw all our forces; to abandon
all our forts; to give up any attempt to enforce
the laws where there is resistance; and says that,
unless wo adopt that policy, in his estimation, the
State of Kentucky will sro out of the Union. Sir,
the people of the "United States, on the 6th day of
last November, sat upon the great issue that the
Senator discussed yesterday, and rendered its
verdict. There were in the field at that time four
presidential candidates. The first was the nom-
inee of the great Republican party, which elected
its candidate. That party adopted the following
as one of the planks in its platform:
That the maintenance of the principles promulgated in
the Ileclaiauon ot Independence and embodied in the Fcd-
etal Conr-umtion—1' that all men aie created equal; that
thc\ are oidowed by their Creator with certain uiiahena-
ble'ncht-!: that atnon? these aie life, libeitv, and the pur-
Mitto: happiness ; that to sccure these r^hts,Governments
aie instituted among men. deiiving their just powers fioni
the consent of the gow-rnctr—is es^nntial to the preserva-
tion of our republican institution^; and that the Federal
Constitution, the rights of the States, and the Unioa of the
States, must and shall be preserved." • "•
There were 1,857*610 men who indorsed itJiat
platform, and that particular'plank in'th6 plat-
form. There were 1,857,610 men who pledged
themselves to stand by the Constitution and tke
Union. Then, sir, the honorable Senator frofo
Illinois represented one of the wings of the Dem-
ocratic party, and that wing; put forth its plat-
form. 1 wish to show the number of Union men
who cast their votes at that date,and the.number
who have been classed as disunionists—I do nat
say that they are so; but I merely call attention
to the record. In the platform on which theSen-
ator from Illinois was placed, you will find the
following:
" A high and saered duty is devolved with increased re-
sponsibility upon the Democratic party of this country, as
the party of the Union, to uphold and maintain the rights of
every State, and thereby the Union of the States; arid to
sustain and advance among us constitutional liberty,
continuing to resist all monopolies and exclusive legislation
for the benefit of the few at the expense of the many, and
by a vigilant and eonstantadherence to those principles ami
compromises of the Constitution, which are broad enough
and strong enough to embrace and uphold the Union as H
was, the Union as it is, and the Union as it shall be."
There was, for the candidateon this platform, a
Union vote of 1,365,976 men pledged to the sup-
port of the Union," the Union as it was, the Union
as it is, and the Union as it shall be." They are
Union men perse, to a man. Then there was an-
other candidate, Mr. Bell, ofTennessee, who like-
wise came out as the Union candidate par excel-
lence. Ignoring all party platforms, his party
indorsed the Constitution and the Union in the
following language:
" Resolved, That it is both the part of patriotism and of
duty to recognize no political principle other than the Con-
stitution of the country, the Union of the States, and the
enfoicement of the laws."
There is no " if" there; no if you do this and
if you do not do that; they are for the Constitu-
tion, the Union,and the enforcementof the laws;
but they are for them anyhow,atall times. There
stood John Bell, and 590,631 men with him.
These three parties cast together, every one of
them, as I have shown you by their platforms,
pledged to the Union as it is, the Constitution as
it is, and the enforcement of the laws as they are.
3,814,217 vote?. Then there was a fourth candi-
date—the honorable Senator from Kentucky, who
called me to account yesterday for my doctrine
of blood-letting. I will not discuss his platform.
It was claimed in one portion of the country that
it was a disunion platform; I know the Senator
from Illinois represented it as being a disunion
party; but I shall not stop to discuss whether it
was or was not. That party cast for the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky 847,953 votes, thus
showing a majority against that Senator and his
platform ot' 3,906,264 votes. That is to say, he
and his platform were repudiated by a majority
of 3,000,000 of the voters of this Union, or nearly
so. But, sir, this is not a correct representation
of the vote; because on examination you will find
that in the North there were cast for that Senator ,
277,082 votes, while at the South there were cast
570,871. Of those 277,000 northern votes, I can
assure him there were not ten disunionists among
the whole. Therefore you must add that north-
ern vote to the other Union votes, which would
swell the majority against his platform and him-
self, if they took the ground of disunion—I do
not say they did—to 3,243.346 votes. That plat-
form was repudiated, and the question was settled
by that emphatic vote of tlie 6th of November;
and now what do gentlemen propose to dor To
reopen a question which has been settled, finally
settled, by a majority of more than 3,000,000 of
the voters of this great nation; and to insert his
platform, naked and simple, into the Constitution
of the United States over that enormous majority
of votes that was cast against it. Sir, it is too
late. The thing cannot be done. The people have
rendered their verdict. The question cannot be
opened. As I have sliown you, sir, here are
3,814,217 men who are pledged to stand by the
Constitution as it is, pledged by their votes, pledged
