514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
North, I sought in committee to amend this
amendment, so as to give the fugitive a trial by
jury in the State where he was seized. Such an
amendment would be substantial in its character
and would dispense with personal liberty bills;
but, I regret to say, it was voted down.
For these reasons I am opposed to this amend-
ment. I regard it as no improvement on the old
law; which, God knows, is bad enough.
If you will give us no amendment which is an
improvement on the old law, then let that stand
as a memorial of the barbarous age that passed it.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said that the North has
passed personal liberty bills, which give cause to
the Southern States to secede. The committee
do not propose any legislative action in regard to
these bills any further than to request the States
that have passed them to repeal them. I am op-
?osed to the resolution reported on this subject.
regard it as an unwarrantable interference with
the rights of the States. I have been pleased to
notice that the southern gentlemen on this com-
mittee who have joined in making reports are very
careful to say nothing about these personal lib-
erty bills. "They arc too smart to put themselves
on paper as advocating that Congress should in-
terfere with what strictly belongs to a State. They
do not even speak of them as grounds of com-
plaint. I do not oppose this resolution because X
would recommend to any State to pass unconsti-
tutional laws, or laws which will in effect impair
the rights of any State in this Union, or the citi-
zens of any State; but because it is the province
of the States themselves to judge, and that with-
out any outside interference, as to what they owe
to their own citizens, and what to other States of
the Confederacy. I am willing that it should be
left to the States themselves to determine what
laws it is necessary to pass, and what they ought
to forbear to pass. If they pass unconstitutional
laws, they are merely as so much blank paper,
and can harm no one. If they pass unconstitu-
tional laws, the Constitution itself provides a way
to determine that question; and it does not confer
upon Congress the right to dccidc what laws are
constitutional and what are not. When the con-
stitutional tribunal shall decide what laws arc un-
constitutional, I have no doubt that any State in
the Union which has passed such laws will repeal
them, or make them conform to theConstitution.
But, sir, these gentlemen of the South have
been so long in the habit of controlling the Fed-
eral Government, that they now desire to go into
the States, and indicate to them what laws they
must pass and what they must not pass. And
though they are careful in their reports to say
nothing in advocacy of this idea, yet such is
shown to be their desire by the resolutions they
report. Sir, it is an interference which the States
may very properly resent.
Tin* committee have also recommended the
passage of a resolution requesting the southern
States to revise their laws, and if necessary to
pass laws to protect northern citizens from mobs.
I am opposed to this resolution for the same rea-
son that I refuse to vote for the resolution relating
to the personal liberty bills. I will do no south-
ern State the injustice to suppose that they have
not passed all the laws necessary to protect our
citizens from the action of mobs. If the laws are
not executed, it is because the public sentiment
there overrides the law; and it is in vain to pass
laws, or recommend their passage, unless there
is a public sentiment to sustain them.
But the committee have not called attention of
southern States specially to laws which arc oppres-
sive to citizens of the northern States; laws in ex-
istence in several States of the Union which authoi-
ize the seizure and imprisonment of persons who
are recognized as citizens of the northern States—
the constitutionality of which they have, by their
local laws and their mobs, refused to allow to be
tested in the courts of the United States.
And while upon this pomt, I desire to notice
the further proposition to amend the laws in ref-
erence to the surrender of fugitives from justice.
It is proposed to take from the executive of the
States the obligations which they now have to
sui lender up fugitives, and to confer those obli-
gations upon the Federal judges. I regard this
as the most obnoxious proposition reported by
the committee, and one which will he received
with more disfavor by the people than any other.
The people of tlm northern States are jealous of s
the power of the Federal courts; and well they
may be, from their usurpation of power hereto-
fore. Any additional power which Congress may
propose to confcr upon them, will not be sanc-
tioned. The reason assigned for this proposed
amendment is, that the question whether a fugi-
tive should or should not be delivered up, should
be a judicial question, and that the court should
decide it, in order that there may be a uniformity
of decision upon the subject. There is now a
cause pending before the Supreme Court of the
United States involving this very question; and
when decidcd, if the court shall decide that to be
a ciime under the Constitution which is not a
crime under the common law, or the laws of the
State where the fugitive takes refuge, I presume
the Governors of Slates will conform to that de-
cision. I do not feel inclined to comment upon
this amendment at any great length; but I will
particularly call the attention of lawyers to it.
If I am not very much mistaken, the effect of it
will be, that requisitions will bo made under it
for persons who were never in the State from
which the requisition comes. It is provided that
the judge shall deliver up the fugitive on being
satisfied that the person is the person charged,
and that he was within the jurisdiction of such
State at the time such crime was committed; and
such charge is made prima facie evidence that he
was within the State. The very fact that a per-
son is charged with a crime committed in a cer-
tain State is to be received as prima facie evi-
dence that he was within the State, no matter
whether he was there or not. It is not contem-
plated that the judge shall inquire into the fact as
to whether he was there or not. Nor is an in-
dictment required in the State from which the
fugitive is alleged to have fled; but other evidence
may be received, and is all that is necessary.
But, sir, these are matters of minor importance.
I now come to the question which is of some real
importance, and that is, the proposed amendment
to the Constitution. There is no gentleman upon
that committee from the seceding States who will
say that this amendment will have any effect to-
wards allaying our unfortunate difficulties. What
is the proposed amendment? It proposes that wo
shall never interfere with the institution of slavery
in the States; never until a certain contingency
arises, which never can arise until all the States
shall sanction such a proposition. Now, sir, I
listened to the argument of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Corwin] yesterday upon that propo-
sition ;and his argument demonstiatud to my mind
most conclusively that such an amendment ought
not to pass. He demonstrated that there was no
necessity whatever for any such provision in the
Constitution.
It is well known that neither the Republican
party, nor any party at the North proposes to
interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States.'' They do not claim to have any such
power. Under the Constitution, as it now is,
the people of the North have no right to interfere
with the institution of slaveiy in the States, and
they have no desire to do it. But southern gen-
tlemen say that we shall acquire the power and
alter the Constitution in that regard. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin]
was conclusive that that time cannot arrive for
fifty years, and, perhaps, never. He showed that
wc could not take the first step towards amending
the Constitution, on the subject of slavery, until
we had forty-five States in the Union, and that
such an amendment could not be ratified until we
had sixty States in the Union—an event which
can hardly be anticipated. 1 say, then, that he
demonstrated conclusively that there is no neces-
sity for thi<* amendment of the Constitution; and
every gentleman who listened to liitn must be
satisfied that there is no such necessity even
though any party desired to interfere with slaveiy
in the States, it is useless to submit such an
amendment to the people, not only because it is
unnecessary, but because it is a humiliating prop-
osition to the people of the North. It is equiva-
lent to declaring that you do not believe what they
say, and that you think they do design to inter-
fere with the question of slavery in the States,
although you know full well the time is far dis-
tant when they could do it, even if they had the
disposition.
The people of the North will not accept such
an amendment. Why, then, do you want to agi-
tate the question further, when you know no good
cancomeofit? In my judgment, such an amend-
ment of the Constitution will not be adopted by
the people of the North—not because they have
any desire, or claim that they have any right, to
interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States, but because they believe you have no right
to demand from them any such bonds for their good
behavior;andforthat reason they will vote it down.
They feel in regard to it, no doubt, as I do. I cer-
tainly shall vote against any such amendment
here or elsewhere, and yet I have not the slightest
design or desire to interfere with slavery in the
States. I protest against the possession of any
such power by the people of the North. Why,
then, do you wish to keep the country in an angry
discussion for the next one or two years over this
amendment, when no possible good can grow out
of it, but absolute evil?
The next proposition is to admit New Mexico
as a State. The committee propose to get rid of
this territorial question by the admission of New
Mexico as a State. Well, sir, gentlemen who
suppose that they can get rid of the territorial
question in any such way, have, in my opinion,
a very poor idea of what that territorial question
is. The territorial question, so far as it relates
to the territory that we now have, is a question
of no consequence whatever to the people of the
South. It is a territorial question lying far be-
yond New Mexico that excites the attention of
these gentlemen. Gentlemen may as well make
up their minds to meet the real territorial ques-
tion; for they will be called upon to meet it and to
vote upon it before this Congress adjourns. The
proposition is to adopt a constitutional amend-
ment that shall recognize and guarantee slavery
in territory hereafter to be acquired. It is use-
less to be trifling about these little matters. The
question you have to meet is, whether you will
guarantee slavery in all territory hereafter to be
acquired. Southern gentlemen will in a moment
yield up everything else that they clamor about,
if wc will only consent to that. The question is
of no consequence to them so far as the existing
territory is concerned. Gentlemen who suppose
that they can take this territorial question out of
Congress by admitting New Mexico, entirely mis-
judge what the territorial question is. The question
we Jiave got to meet is commended to the people
became ltproceeds from a gentleman whose mod-
eration, intelligence, and patriotism have always
been recognized heretofore at the North; and the
weight of his great name is relied upon to carry it
through. The dearest and most trusted friend of
the immortal Clay now signalizes his departure
from the councils of the nation by submitting a
proposition that of all others would have been
most distasteful to that great man, who declared,
shortly before his death, that "so long as the
vital current flowed in his veins, he never could,
he never would, by thought, word, or action,
consent to the extension of the institution of sla-
>ery into territory then free."
But, sir, I am opposed to this proposition to
admit New Mexico as a State, in the first place,
because I regard it as nothing more nor less than
a proposition to admit two pro-slavery Senators
into the United States Senate who have no con-
stituency to back them. Gentlemen who diifer
from me, and propose to vote for the admission
ot New Mexico, doubtless will do so in the ex-
| pectation that it will come in as a free State; but
I do not agree with them. Just when the Repub-
lican paity is about to obtain a majority in the
Senate of the United States, and to have an op-
portunity of developing its policy, it is proposed
to bring in two pro-slavery Senators from New
Mexico. Sir, I am opposed to it. I feel that
there is no obligation upon me to vote for the
admission of a slave State because, as some gen-
tlemen have said, in the organic law there is a
provision that they may come m with or without
slavery. The same provision may be found in
the organic laws of Kansas, Nebraska, and Utah;
and will gentlemen say that they would have felt
themselves bound to have voted'for the admission
of Kansas as a slave State, had she presented
herself with a pro-slavery constitution? Or will
they s'iy that because of that provision in the or-
ganic act of Nebraska, if she should present her-
self with a pro-slavery constitution, they would
vote to admit her? I think not, sir. This ques-
tion of admitting new States is one of discretion
