U7 4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
by their platforms, pledged in every ^way winch
-can pledge-men-, to stand by the Constitution and
the tJnioo and for the enforcement of the laws.
Sir, the Senator spoke for Kentucky, and he
alluded to the bones of brave Kentuckians that
were scattered over my adopted State, I alluded
to that fa,et in my speech, the other evening, and I
think i did full credit to those brave men. They
were patriots; and they were prepared to shed
their bloodin defense of their country. Sir, Ken-
tucky has always been a loyal State*, I believe
that Kentucky is a loyal State to-day; and I be-
lieve that if a disunion, a rattlesnake flag were
raided in the State of Kentucky to-morrow, it
"wo'ujdfind very few supporters. Sir, what was
the vote of Kentucky on the 6th day of Novem-
ber? 1 have it here before me. I have given you
the platforms of the several parties, and I have
before me the vote of the State of Kentucky upon
those platforms. It will be recollccted that the
Senator is Kentucky's favorite son*, that they are
proud of him, and justly proud, and have reason
to be proud of him. Even on a doubtful platform,
which, in one section of the country, was claimed
to be a Union platform, and in another section of
the country was claimed to be a disunion plat-
form; even upon this doubt whether he was true
to the Constitution and the Union, I will give you
the vote pf his State. The State of Kentucky
cast foi John Bell and the Union, the Constitu-
tion and the enforcement of the laws, 66,053
votes; for Mr. Douglas and the Union and the
Constitution as it is, 25,651 votes; for Abraham
Lincoln and the Constitution as it is, 1,364 votes.
Thus, the State of Kentucky cast 93,073 votes for
the Union,even against her own most favored son,
upon a doubt; and I have been informed, by those
who took part in that contest, that it was the
labor and the great labor of the canvassers for the
honorable Senator to prove that he was as sound
a Union man as was John Bell; to prove that he
was for the Constitution and the Union and the en-
forcementof the laws. 1 have been told, by those
who took part in that canvass in the State of Ken-
tucky, that the contest was who was soundest
upon the Union question; who would stand by
the Union the longest; who was prepared to shed
his blood for it, if need be; and yet, with the su-
perhuman efforts of the Senator's friends, he was
defeated by a plurality of 3D,930, m his own be-
loved State of Kentucky, and that upon a doubt
as to whether he was sound upon the Union ques-
tion Sir, J claim that lie cannot speak for the
State of Kentucky, and charge her with having
an intent or a thought of leaving this Union, so
long as all its constitutional guarantees are main-
tained as they are to-day, ever have been, and
always will be. i believe that those brave men who
have shea their blood upon every battle field are
prepared again to shed their blood for the pres-
ervation of the Constitution and the Union as
it is.
Mr. President, I did not rise to make a speech.
I merely rose to vindicate the truth of history; X
rose to correct the Senator from Kentucky in as-
signing to me the origin of a doctrine which 1 did
not originate. I trust the Senator is satisfied that
that givat statesman, that patriot, that honored
son of Virginia and Kentucky, Thomas Jelferson,
knew precisely what he meant when he penned
that letter to which i have called his attention;
and 1 trust that the Senator will read it and reread
it with profit.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, I do
not propose to go into an answer to the Senator:
I am willing to let what has been said stand on
its own m'-nfs it may be proper, perhaps, how-
ever, forme to make a brief personal explanation.
I had occasion to remark yesterday that 1 thought,
if all the schemes of conciliation and adjustment
should fail, the State of Kentucky would pursue
a certain course, undeterred by senatoi lal threats
of biood-jeuing. The Senator supposes me to
have icfeired to what he said on thi& iloor. 1 did
not, sir. 1 do not remember to have heard the
speech to which he has alluded in his remarks.
It occurred, perhaps, during my absence from the
Chamber. i was referring to a statement made
by him m a letter to the Governor of his State,
which was read upon the floor of the Senate by
my colleague, in which 1 believe the Senator used
the expression that he did not think the Union
would be worth anything without a little blood-
Jetting.
In regard to the extract from Mr. Jefferson, I
apprehend, when it comes to be investigated, it
will be found that the language quoted from him
could not be applicable to the present condition
of public affairs; but however that may be, I shall
leave that distinguished statesman to be defended
by the Senators from the State of Virginia. If the
expression was not original with the gentleman,
he certainly misled me and the public by failing
to put it m quotation marks. Fie appropriated it
to himself as original, whether it was so or not. I
only rose for the purpose of making that explana-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is this resolution now open
for amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bingham
in the chair.) There is an amendment pending;
but the amendment is subject to amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to move to strike
out the whole resolution after the word "re-
solved," and insert a substitute which I thought
might possibly do some good. If it is not in order,
[ shall wait until this amendment is disposed of.
Mr. COLLAMEIt. I take it that is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I move to strike out
all the resolution after the word " resolved," and
insert what I send to the Chair.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know what the Sen-
ator's amendment is; but I suggest to him that
he merely offer it, without having the vote taken.
The Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who
has been sick, I know, desires to speak on the
resolution to-morrow; and 1 hope no vote will be
taken on the amendment until he is here.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 shall not insist on any
vote; but 1 want to explain the amendment when
it is read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out all after the word u resolved,'' awl insert *
That the Committee on the Judiciary be litatiuotcil to
make the following inquiries : Fir-t, it any State or States
within the hunts of the United States ot America have
changed oi modified their laws iejecting the oath required
to be taken by the members of the Legi-lature theieof, to
Mich an extent as to disqualify itrf membcis a- eleetois of
a Senatoi of the United States,aeeoidmg lotlie ynovenoiib
of the Constitution, Second, if any rten.itoi now claim-
ing to be a member ot the Senate, has been elected by the
Iji'k'ifiatuu. ut am State, the iiieinlic^ whereof weie thu-.
di-qnahlied Third, what vacancies, if any, there ate in
the Senate, which the J-Weeutive ot any State has a con
stitutional 'risjht to inaUe tempoiaiy appointments to fill.
And that haul committee lepoit the result of then mqiu
rie  to the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I propose
that as a substitute for the resolution submitted
by the Senator from Illinois, because I believe it
is a proper inquiry for the Senate to make, m
order to ascertain the character of the members
of this body, and their constitutional position. I
propose to stuke out the original icsolution, be-
cause 1 do not precisely understand the object
contemplated by the inquiry. It is a call upon
the Secretary of War for information in reference
to the purposes of the Administration. I trust
that the President of the United States, as well as
the Secretary of War, knows that the Senate is
in session. They are in daily communication with
us; and if they desire us to express any opinion in
reference to these forts, or tiie occupation of the
forts, or to communicate the purpose of the Ad-
ministration; or if they wished any advice or
opinion to be given to the Administration, they
would call on us for our opinion or advice. I sup-
posed, when the Senator made his remarks the
other day, that probably the purpose of the res-
olution had been answered; but it continues to
be a topic of discussion here; and I should like
to have something befoie the Senate that it is
proper for us to act upon, and which it may be
important for us to act upon; and such I consider
the inquiries that 1 have suggested to be made by
the Committee on the Judsciaiy. I think it is
proper for us to know, in the present condition of
the country, what States there are that are com-
petent to fill the vacancies m the Senate by their
Legislatures or by their Governors. At the same
time, I think it is proper to inquire whether there
are any members of the Senate who have been
elected by Legislatures, the members of which
were not competent to vote for a Senator.
As my motion is to strike out all the resolutions
of the Senator, it may be proper to make a few
remarks in reference to what fell from the Senator
from Illinois, and which has been adverted to this
morning by the Senator from North Carolina, as
to the condition of the country at present. The
Senator from Illinois, so far as t could gather
anything new from his late speech, stated that he
had discovered that the expenses of the Adminis-
tration for the coming year would be §300,000,000.
That was an estimate that he seemed to be read-
ing from a paper. He further stated that he did
not think it would be possible to devise a revenue
system that would yield $100,000,000 annually.
That was a new idea to me. He further said that
he expected to give the Senators on this, side of
the Chamber some trouble, because he knew what
their scheme was. I did not know that the Sen-
ators on this side of the Chamber had any scheme;
but he says he knows what it is. It does not
seem to appear to him that it is possible for the
majority of the Senate to perform their duties
without a scheme of some sort; and he concludes
he has found out what ours is; but I have heard
of none as yet. He has got further along in our
transactions than I have myself. As to his giving
us trouble, that I suppose he may do, but doubt
if he can trouble the present Administration as
much as he did the last.
As tohis statement about spending $300,000,000,
that is a novelty. I think if he had assigned that
sum for the entire four years of the Administra-
tion, he might have been more nearly correct.
There seems to be a general throwing out of sug-
gestions, by Senators upon the other side of the
Chamber, that there are not resources enough in
this country, within the command of the Govern-
ment, to pay the expenses of the Government.
Inasmuch as we are a little short now, it seems to
be obvious that some people desire to make the
country believe that there is a lack of resources
in the country; that by no possible device can we
collect revenue enough to meet the expenses of the
Government. The Senator says there cannot be a
possible revision of the revenue system that will
give $100,000,000annually. If that Senator would
look at the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
he would find that our exports for the last year
were alittlo more than four bundled million dollais,
(and tins does not include the eai nings of our ves-
sels which cai ry these exports, whn.li is proba-
bly ten per cent, upon them.) 11c would also find
that the impot ts winch w«- took in return f«n these*,
(and we took tin1 whole m merchandise, none in
coin, that year,) amounted,as enterea at the cus-
toms—not at then ie-11, bar dutiable value—to
between three hundred and sixty and three hun-
dred and seventy million dollais. I a&k his atten-
tion to these facts. Does he believe there would
have been any considerable falling off in the im-
portations of any article if there had been a duty
of thirty per cent, upon it tor the last year? If
not, the imposts would have yielded much more
than one hundied million dollars. 1 have mjiu«
little ktiowh dge of what constitute th< imports of
the country; and it is my dehberato judgment,
that it would not hove reduced tlv* impoitations
$10,000,000, if there had bten thuty per cent, on
evt iy article which was unpoi ted. The consump-
tion would have been about the same. We have
revised the tariff 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I ask the Se atoi,fnr I
want to understand him aright, how much does
he state the importations to be, exclusive of specie,
last year?
Mr.SIMMONS. Some three hundred and six-
ty-two million dollars.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Thirty per cent on every
article would give about one hundied million dol-
lars.
Mr. SIMMONS. Would it not give a Hale
more ?
Mi. CLINGMAN. A little more. I rose with
the view of calling tne attention of the honorable
Senator to this point in that connection, for i
knowhc understands that subject bettei than most
of us: does he believe, as things now stand, with
the comparatively lower tariff in operation m the
confederate States, that this last tariff will raise
£20,000,000 a year; that is, if there be no attempt
to collect revenue, or to check importations into
the southern ports, and no custom-houses along
the borders of the southern States ? 1 ask ihr* hon-
orable Senator if he believes this Government wni
get $00,000,000 #f revenue next year 3
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot tell what will hap-
