516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
stance, the Post Office Department. I have fig-
ures before me showing the relative condition of
the sis New England States to the six States
which have seceded, or are, I suppose, about to
secede. The State of Louisiana receives annu-
ally, in the way of protection on sugar, not less
than four or five million dollars from the Govern-
ment, while the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment from that State are only about one fourth
of the expenditures. Without going into details,
I will say that New England largely overpays
the Government for her postal expenses. The
Government receives from her, in the shape of
postages, $1,224,280, while the expenditures of
the. Government for her are but $1,156,000, being
quite a large surplus to the Government, above
being self-sustaining. Now, take these cotton
States, including Louisiana, and you will find
that theGovernment has received, in the last year,
$722,987, while it has paid out $2,280,000, leav-
. ingan excess of expenditure over receipts of more
than one million five hundred thousand dollars
for carrying the mails in those States. But I will
not pursue this branch of the subject further; but
will simply append the following table, showing
how the postal system works m the different
States. It is taken from the Postmaster Gene-
ral's last report:
Post Of not: Receipts and Expehdituues, 18.19.
New England. Receipts. Expenditures.
Maine  $154,iwa 21 $208,881 83
New Hampshire  103,319 27 110,902 93
Vermont  103,218 30 137,742 3-1
Connecticut  189,300 61 202,392 95
Massachusetts  601,349 40 449,62(1 89
Rhode Island  G(i,0ti5 G9 47,115 47
1,224,281 48 $1,150,725 41
■S'jV Cotton States. Receipts. Expenditures.
South Carolina  §107,536 12 ^319,0(iS 10
Georgia  108,001 73 358,180 03
Florida  25,932 41 171,184 70
Alabama  129,103 23 393,(>2d 91)
Mississippi  101,5-19 12 320,003 88
Louisiana  190,201 03 777,517 50
($722,987 24 $2,289,583 17
f,
Now, Mr. Speaker, what remedy ought to bo
reposed? I was very glad tliat my fru'ml from
ndiana [Mr. Colfax] came in this morning with
his proposition. It is a step in the right direction.
It is well for these people to feel the loss of some
of the benefits* they are now deriving from the
General Government. It \a very obliging on their
pari to allow us to carry their mails at an expend-
iture of more than $1,500,000 a year to uuiselvcs,
while they arc in open rebellion and refuse to ac-
knowledge the authority of the General Govern-
ment; but so far as I am concerned, while they
continue in rebellion, the Government will not
have my consent to do so in the future, until they
return to their allegiance.
Sir, I have no aneeial dread in regard to the
future of this Republic. Civil war may come, dis-
union and dissolution may come—but I pray God
to deliver us from both; but, sir, whatever may
come, I luive an abiding faith in a kind Provi-
dence that has ever watched over us, that passing
events will be all overruled for good and lor the
welfare of mankind in tins and other lands. Gen-
tlemen may talk about reconstructing this Gov-
ernment after it shall have been broken uj) and
destroyed—1 tell them no. If this Government
is destroyed, it will not be reconstructed on the
basis on which it no^v stands. Gentlemen may as
well understand right here that if the Government
is to be reconstructed, the people of the North will
have a. word to say as to the basis of that recon-
struction, and no new union will be formed that
does not give them terms of perfect equality. If
tins Union must he dissolved, whether by peace-
able secession or through fire and blood and civil
war, we shall have the consolation of knowing
that when the conflict is over, those who survive
it will be, what they never have been, inhabitants
of a FREK COUNTRY.
Mr. ETlIl'jRlDGE obtained the floor; but
yielded to Mr. \V"in-slow, who moved that the
House adjourn.
CHIRIQUI EXPEDITION.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment, to enable ine to
have the message fiom the President upon the
Speaker's tabk taken up and leferred to the Com-
mittee on jNTa\al AfFaiis.
Mr. WINSLOW. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
The message of the President was then read,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
giving the details of the late Chiriqui expedition.
Mr. MORSE. I move that the message, with
the accompanying documents, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will also
embracc, in his order to print, the contract made
by the Secretary of the Navy with the Chiriqui
Navigation Company. That document has not
been printed, I believe. I understand that the
Committee on Naval Affairs has a copy of it in
their possession; and I ask that it may be printed
along with this message, together with any other
documents which may be m possession of the
Naval Committee relating to this subject.
Mr. MORSE. I am willing to accept the gen-
tleman's proposition, so far as I am concerned.
There being- no objection, the order to print
was made as suggested.
And then, oil motion of Mr. WINSLOW, (at
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 23, 18G1.
Prayer by Rev. W. C. Stitt, of Georgetown,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BILL 1USTURNED TO THE IIOTJSE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following resolution, received from the
House of Representatives yesterday:
In the House of Ivci'itrseN'TATivrcs,
Januaiy92, 18(51.
Rcsolvcdy Tliat the Clerk of this House be deeded to
u'queht the Senate to return ][out.e bill (No. UC3) entitled
" An act lor the relief ot John Johnston, of Ohio."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the Secretary be
directed to rctui 11 that bill, in compliance with the
request of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE pi esented the credentials of
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, elected a Senator of the
United States by the Legislature of the State of
Illinois, for the term of six years, commencing
on the 4th of March, 1861; which were read, and
ordered to be placed on the files.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of J. W.
Stevens, and others, citizens of Iowa, praying
the passage of a bill to provide for the settlement
of the claims of the officers and soldiers of the
(evolutionary army; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HIGLEli presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Eastmi, Pennsylvania, piaying the adop-
tion of the compromise measures proposed by
lion. J. J. Oiuttunden; which were ordered to
lie an the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Longford G. IJerry and others, citizens of Adrian,
Michigan, praying that no attempt be made to
amend the Constitution doling the present unu-
sual excitement; winch was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
.T. M. Richards and others, citizens of Chicago,
Illinois, expressing their satisfaction with a set-
tlement of the present political controversies by
prohibiting slavery in Territories north of 3(p 30',
ami recognizing it south of that line; which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
the State of New York, praying the adoption of
the compromise measures recommended by the
committee of the border Suites; which was or-
dered to lie on the table'.
He also presented a petition of manufacturers
of cutlery, edge-tools, machinery, &c., in New
York, Connecticut, and Vermont, praying that
the duty on steel may not be increased; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of ship-owners and
othets interested in vessels, praying that no alter-
ation may be made in the pilot laws of March 2,
1837, and August 30, lsj;>; which was referred'
to the Committee on Commerce.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 544)
for the defense of Puget Sound and the mouth of
the Columbia river; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
545) in relation to the collection of duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Dexter R. Crocker, praying com-
pensation for transporting the mail from Canyon-
ville, Oregon, to Yreka, California, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 546) for
the relief of Dexter II. Crocker. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 488) authorizing the holding of circuit and
district courts of the United States for the south-
ern district of Illinoisat the city of Cairo, reported
it without amendment, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of Rev. Charles J. White, parish priest
of St. Matthew's church, in the city of Wash-
ington, praying authority to sell ceitain city lots
now held by the proper ecclesiastical authority,
for the benefit of the congregation of that church,
reported a bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of the
parish of St. Matthew's church, of the city of
Washington; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
INDIAN TRUST FUNDS.
Mr. GREEN. I ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution; and, if there be no objection, to have
it put on its passage now.
Leave was gi anted to introduce the joint reso-
lution (S. No. Gl) making provision for the re-
covery of ctfrtuin bonds belonging to the Indian
trust fund, and for other purposes; and it was
read 1 lie first time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the joint res-
olution be read at length?
Mr. SEWARD and others. Yes; letushearit.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
lie it resolved, . That A. IS. Gieenwood, Commissioner
of Indian Allans, Iteveiily Johnson, and Montgomeiv man-
or the District of Columbia, be, and they are hereby, ap-
pointed coiiumsHoners on the part of the United States, to
make it lull and equitable settlement and adjustment ot any
and all claims and accounts between the United State-, and
William 11 ltiK-etl, of the State of Missouri, nr any busi-
ness firms or companies now or heretotore engaged in the
seiviee of the United States, with which the said William
II. Ru.-sell 18 OI has been connected; and if, upon such .set-
tlement by said cominisMoners, any sum or balance f-hall
be ascertained to be due to the said William II. Russell, as
afoiesaid. the satlH, bbu!I be withheld by the Secretary of
the proper Depaituient until the said Witli-un 11. Russell
shall have restored to the Secretary of the Interior, to tile
lull amount ot such sum 01 balance, any bonds or stocks
helon^in" to or held in tiust tor the Indians by the United
States that may be ascertained to have come to ins hands,
m any mamici vehatevoi; and upon the restoiatmn ofsaid
bonds, as heiein piovidetl, such Mini 01 balance shall, after
deducting the expenses nt this wmnnisston, be paid to the
order of tile said William II. Russell, out ot" anv money in
the Tleasiuy not othei wise appropaated.
Several Senators. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will receive its
second reading, if there be no objection.
The joint resolution was rend the second time
by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
propose to refer it to any committee?
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; let it lie oil the table.
It is understood, I think.
Mr. CLARK. I move that it be printed.
The motion was ogrecd to.
Mr. HALE. I think that the joint resolution
ought to go to a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No motion wag
made to refer it.
Mr. HALE. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
It was so referred.
SAMPSON STANEILL.
Mr. BAYARD. I am directed by the Com'
