1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
roittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Samp-
son Stan fill, to report it back, with out amendment,
with a recommendation that it pass; and I am
also instructed to ask for its present considera-
tion. If the Senate will indulge me for three min-
utes, i think they will pass it without hesitation.
It is a case of hardship, amounting almost to
oppression. It appears that Stanfill, the father,
became, security for the son, who was arrested on
the charge of counterfeiting a Mexican dollar. A
trial was had; and, at the trial, the court expressed
the opinion, without entering judgment, that they
had no jurisdiction in the case. The traverser
naturally left the court. Subsequently to that the
recognizance was estreated, suit brought upon it,
and judgment recorded; and the father, who is
represented by the statements of citizens of Ten-
nessee to be a highly lespectable and honest man,
in no way connected with the misdeed of the son,
has paid a thousand dollars on tills bond, which
covers everything to the United States; and all
that he asks is, that he shall be released from the
residue. If the evidence had been judicial to show
the facts with sufficient certainty, the committee
would have gone further, and have recommended
that tiie sum paid should be refunded; because, on
the face of the facts as stated, had they been ju-
dicially authenticated to tliat extent, it would be
a case of gross oppression. The bill, as it stands,
as it is to relieve the party from further execu-
tion, 1 trust will be passed by the Senate atonce.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
724) for the relief of Sampson Stanfill, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to release Sampson Stanfill, from all chum
and demand of the United States, to the balance of
money now remaining due upon a certain judg-
ment, recovered against him, in favorof the United
States, before the circuit court of the United States,
holden at Knoxville, which judgment was le-
covered on a recognizance entered into by him, as
surety for one Lewis G-. Stanfill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILltOAD REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
extra copies of the eleventh volume of the Pacific
railroad report, reported it without amendment;
and it was agreed to, as follows:
Ordered, That the some number of the eleventh volume
of the i'acilic lailroad repent, containing tile maps rind
charts of the surveys for a railroad front the Mississippi
river to the ocean, of the pieccding volumes*, bo
published for the use of the Senate.
JOSEPH CLYMER.
Mr. SLIDELL. I believe it is in order now to
call up, for consideration, some resolutions that I
introduced a few days since, referring 
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator allow me
to make a report ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the opinion of the Court
of Claims on the claim of Joseph Clynier, have
directed me to submit a report, accompanied by
a bill, (S. No. 548,) for the relief of Joseph Cly-
mer. The bill is very short, and the committee
were unanimous in recommending its passage. I
should like to have it considered now.
The bill (S. No. 548) for the relief of Joseph
Clymer was read, and passed to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Secretary will read the bill at length
for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr HALE. Is there a report?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee were unani-
mous upon it; and I hope the Senator will with-
draw the objection.
SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. SLIDELL. I renew my motion to take
up the resolutions I offered a few days since, re-
ferring the President's message to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I intended to include the mes-
sage and the resolutions together; and I suppose
they may be considered together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the under-
standing of the Chair.
The Secretary read the resolutions submitted
by Mr. Slideli., on the 21st instant;
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate, the. reasons
given by the President, in Ins message of the 16th instant,
for not communicating to the Senate at an earlier day the
fact of his having appointed, on the 31st of December last,
Joseph Holt as acting Sccietary of War, are not satisfac-
t0rResoli<eil, That in the opinion of the Senate, thegrounds
assumed by the President in his aforesaid message m sup-
port of his views of the executive authority to make, during
llie session of the Senate, an appointment of an acting bec-
letarv of War foi a period not exceeding six months, lim-
ited Wills own discietion, are at variance, not only with
tlie tetter and spirit of the Constitution, but with the true
intent and meaning of the aet of 13th of February, 1/9a, to
winch lie has releued, and, if suffered to pass by without
express dissent, would establish a pieeedent alike danger-
ous to the principles on which our system of Government
was established, rvntl in derogation of the constitutional
rights and privileges of the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it proper to say that
I do not present these resolutions in a factious
spirit, but with very sincere regret to differ from
the President ill his views of executive power. I
have read his message with great attention, and
am compelled to say that it has failed to shake
in any degree the strong convictions I entertained
on the subject when I offered the resolution to
which it responds; nor after a careful examiha-
tion of the long list of appointments to which
it refers as establishing an uniiitcriupted usage
of sixty-five years, do I find one solitary case
which can be quoted as a precedent for the ap-
pointment of Mr. Holt as acting Secretary of
War, when the Senate was in session, and the
office vacant by the resignation of Mr. Floyd.
All the appointments—one hundred and seventy-
six in number—having been (with the exception
of Mr. Toucey as acting Secretary of the Treas-
ury on 12th December last) made during the re-
cess of the Senate, or when from illness, absence,
or other cause—other than death or resignation—
the duties of the office could not be discharged
by the regularly appointed functionary. I do not
intend to argue the question now; but considering
it one of very great interest, I only desire to place
on record my dissent from the opinions of the
President, and to bring the matter before the ap-
propriate committee. I move that the message
and resolutions be referred to the Committee on
the Jud iciary.
Mr. MGLER. I shall offer no further objec-
tion to the reference of this subject to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I only desire to say to
the Senator from Louisiana that he must be per-
fectly aware 1 made no objection in a spirit of in-
justice or opposition to him; nor have I any de-
sire to avoid a full and thorough examination of
the subject. That could not be done, if I desired
it. But, sir, at the moment the Senator from
Louisiana made the motion the other morning, it
occurred to me that it might be a very serious
matter. He seemed to be exceedingly confident
that there was no authority, under the Constitu-
tion, for what the President of the United States
had done, and for that reason desired a reference
of the message to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The first impression on my mind was, that this
might involve a very serious question and ^ eiy
serious consequences to our public aflairs. f'or
that reason, I suggested the propriety of allow-
ing it to lie over, and for that reason only; and I
therefore have no objection whatever, this morn-
ing, to the reference. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Louisiana is, to refer the President s
message to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. SLIDELL. And the resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the message of the President of the
United States, and the resolutions submitted by
the Senator from Louisiana, be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS AT CAIRO.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there is no objection, I
should like to have the Senate consider now the
bill providing for a separate term of the courts of
the United States, m the southern district of Illi-
nois, at Cairo, which has been reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary this morning. I pre-
sume there will bono objection to it. It will take
but an instant.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
488) authorizing the holding of circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States fo.r the southern
district of Illinois at the city of Cairo, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are some details
in that bill that 1 have not looked at; and I should
like to have it lie over and not be passed this
morning. I do not know that I have any objec-
tion to it; but I should like to look into some of
the details in regard to pending suits which I have
not observed before.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It can lie over for a day,
until my colleague has an opportunity to exam-
ine it.
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise, sir, for the purpose
of asking to be discharged from any further ser-
vice upon the Committee on Claims. I was dis-
charged some time since fromservice as chairman
of that committee, but I understand that thatdid,
not carry with it a discharge as a member of the
committee. Yesterday, there was some contro-
versy and difficulty about filling places on tho_
committees, in consequence of Senators having
retired from the Chamber. In order to obviate
that difficulty in my own case, while I am a mem-
ber of the Senate, I ask to be discharged from the
committee, and that the Vice President fill the
vacancy. The committee, I understand, have
already elected a chairman, and the only thing
necessary is simply to supply one committee-man
in my place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
George asks to be discharged from further ser-
vice upon the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatormoves
also that the Presiding Officer fill the vacancy
upon that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
. ST. LOUIS ARSENAL.
Mr. POLK. A few days ago when the morn-
ing hour closed, the Senate had under considera-
tion a bill for the sale and removal of the arsenal
in the city of St. Louis. I desire that the Senate
shall go on with that unfinished business during
the residue of the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator must
move to take it up; it fell.
Mr. POLK. If it requires a motion, I move to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove the
United States arsenal from the city of St. Louis,
and to provide for the sale of the lands on which
the same is located; the pending question being
on the amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to add at the end of the first
section the following:
The proceeds of such sale to be applied to the erection
at Jefferson barracks, in the State of Missouri, of suitable
building for containing all the tools, implements, machine-
ry, arms, and materials,now at said St. Louis arsenal.
Mr. KING. I ask that the bill itself, with the
amendments, be read. It passed unanimously
through the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Senate, with the amendments; and I think there
will be no objection to it, if the whole case ap-
pears to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill, with the amendments of the Senate
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
The bill and amendments were read.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand the bill now
before the Senate, it provides that the whole of
the land belonging to the United States, and used
for the purpose of an arsenal at St. Louis, shall
be divided up into lots and sold; and the eastern
half—that which is nearest to the city of St. Louis,
and the more valuable—is to be appropriated ex-
clusively to the construction of a new arsenal, or
the erection of now buildingsat Jefferson barracks.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator that lie
is just exactly mistaken. It is the western, un-
occupied portion; and I will state to the Senator
that on inquiry since he and myself had a con-
versation on the subject, I am satisfied that t le
proceeds of the unoccupied western hall will not
be more than is necessary for the purpose of malt-
ing necessary repairs. If, however, the sena or
