1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
are very high; bat the tariff has also operated very
largely. That Senator knows, as weil as I do,
and everybody knows, that if there be direct trade
with Europe by these States; if goods are not to
go around through New York, and not to pay
duties—and you may be sure they will notgo there
under his tariff, for nobody will pay a duty of fifty
ov seventy-five per cent, on what he imports, when
he can send the goods to another port for fifteen or
nineteen per cent.—the result will be, that these
States certainly will pay this Government no
duties at all.
But it does not stop there. Merchants from my
own State go down to Charleston, and lay in their
goods. This Government, as things now stand,
is not going to get any revenue from them. If
goods are imported at Charleston at ten, or fifteen,
or nineteen per cent, duty, whatever is paid will
go into the coffers of the confederate States, and
merchants will go down from my State and buy
their goods there; and thus you lose a great por-
tion of the Worth Carolina trade. It will be the
same with Tennessee; it will be the same with
the Mississippi valley. Now, what revenue are
we going to get to support our Government under
the present condition of things? The honorable
Senator is very adroit in parrying questions. I
asked him, when he spoke of the free list, if the
manufacturers were willing that their chemicals,
their dye stuffs, and coarse wool, that has been
admitted free, should be taxed; and he replied,
"They are willing to have tea and coffee taxed."
Mr.'SIMMONS. The Senator will pardon me.
I said, if we wanted money I would tax them,
whether they were willing or not.
Mr.CLIN'GMAN. Exactly; but when pressed
on that point, he turns it off oil the tea and coffee.
But, f=ir, we are legislating here for the United
States—all of us who are here, except my friend
from Texas, who is kind enough to stay with us
and help us legislate, until he gets official notice
of the ordinance of his State. I thank him for
his kindness. I think he is doing us a favor to
stay here and help the wheels along. It needs
the help of Hercules and the wagoner both to get
us out of the mud. I want to know of honorable
Senators on the other side of the Chamber how
this Government is going tg support its revenue
next year. I think, if you have no custom-house
between Louisiana and the Upper Mississippi,
merchants up there will come down and buy their
goods at New Orleans. If they learn that at New
York they can buy goods under a tariff of fifty or
seventy-five per cent., and that they can buy them
at New Orleans under a tariff of only one third
that, they will go down to New Orleans; and the
result will be tli^t we shall get very little revenue
under the existing system. We may bandy witti-
cisms; we may show our adroitness in debate;
but this is a question which we have to look at
practically. One of two things must be done:
either you must prevent imports into those States,
which I do*ot think you can do—and I do not
suppose there is a Senator on this floor who be-
lieves that, under the existing laws, the President
has authority to do it—or you must call Con-
gress together, and invest him with some author-
ity. If you do not do that, you must establish
a line of custom-houses on the border.
Is it not better for us to meet this question
frankly on its merits? My apprehension, as I
have already expressed it, is, that the Adminis-
tration intend, (I hope I may be deceived,) as
soon as they can collect the force to have a war,
to begin; and then call Congress suddenly to-
gether, and say, " The honor of the country is
concerned; the flag is insulted. You must come
up and vote men and money." That is, I sup-
pose, to be its policy; not to call Congress together
just now. There are two reasons, perhaps, for
that. In the first place, it would be like a note
of alarm down south; and, in the next place, if
you call Congress together,and deliberately sub-
mit it to them whether they will go to war with
the confederate States or not, I do not believe
they would agree to do if. Of course, I do not
know what is the temper of gentlemen on the
other side; but, though they will have a large ma-
jority in the next Congress, I take itfor granted,
from what little I have heard, that it will be dif-
ficult to get a bill through Congress for the war
before the war begins; but it is a different thing
after fighting begins at the forts.
The Senator himself says they are going to en-
force the laws, and carry them out everywhere.
I cannot tell what he means. In one part of his
speech, I understood him to say that he was will-
ing to let the seceded Slates alone; but towards
the close of it, he spoke of enforcing the laws,
and collecting the revenue everywhere. There is
a very wide difference between these lines of pol-
icy. If you intend to let the confederate States
stand where they now do, and collect their own
revenues, and possess the forts, we shall get Noth-
ing, or very little, under the existing system. If,
on the other hand, you intend to resort to coer-
sive measures, and to oblige them to pay duties
under our tariff, which they do not admit that
they are liable to pay, and to take back the forts,
we shall be precipitated into war; and then, I sup-
pose, we shall have a proclamation calling Con-
gress together, and demanding that the honor of
the United States shall be maintained, and that
men and money shall be voted. I would rather
the country should see into this matter.
I shall not detain the Senate with a discussion
about the tariff. I take it that we understand it,
and 1 presume thai the intelligent minds of the
country understand its situation, and how much
we shall get under it. The Senator from Rhode
Island alluded to a remark which the Senator from
New Hampshire made, that Rome lasted seven
hundred years, and'that, therefore, this Govern-
ment must last seven hundred years; and he gave
us some witty remarks about the sun not going
down before breakfast. Mr. President, it is un-
fortunate that these analogies do not always run
out; they will not hold good. I have read that
Methuselah lived until he was more than nine
hundred years of age. If a man who was some-
thing above ninety weie told by his physicians
that he was in very great danger of dying, that
his constitution was worn out, and disease was
preying on him, if he were to refer to the case of
Methuselah, and say, " I have notlived one tenth
as long as he did; and, according to his life, 1 am
now just before the breakfast of life," itmight be
a very satisfactory argument, perhaps, to the man
who used it, but I doubt whether anybody else
would be consoled by it; I doubt very much
whether his physicians would leave him under
the idea that he had cei tainly eight hundred years
to live. I am very much afraid that my friend
from Rhode Island, when he rests on this declara-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire is rest-
ing on an unsubstantial basis, when ho assumed
that this Government must, of necessity, live as
long as the Roman republic, and that the com-
parison of the sun does not hold good. How-
ever, I see the Senator from New Hampshire
near me, and as lie understands these things so
much better than I do, I yield the floor.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Tile motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March "0, 18G1.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Or. GiiiLty.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages m writing, from the President
of the United States, were received by Mr. Nic-
01.ay, his Secretary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Onlcn-J, That leave be gi anted to withdraw lite petition
of James Hatiior; two pennons of H W. Gmniter and
others; tiie petition ot' Ann >Iathie*on; the petition ot J.
W. Ilea anil Ann Mattucson; and the petition ol Margaret
Ann Marble.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HALG. I have a resolution which I wish
to lay on the table:
Resohed, That the Senate wiil adjourn, without day, on
Saturday, the 23d instant, at one o'clock, p. ni.
FORTS IN TIIJ3 SECEDING STATES.
• Ml'. HUNTER. Is it necessary to call up the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois, or does it
come up of itself ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It comes up of
itself. The Chair was only waiting to see if there
were any resolutions to offer first in ordpr. If
i there are' no resolutions to offer, the resolution of
the Senatorfrom Illinois [Mr- Douglas] is before
the Senate as the unfinished business of yester-
day. - "   .
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the effort would
be vain, did I attempt to disguise the despondency
I feel as to the future of our common country.
Though I have believed formany years that the
crisis which is now upon us woyld come, and
probably in my own time, yet,from a devoted at-
tachment to the Union, and a profound conviction
that the dismemberment of a great empire never
could take place without incurring the hazard of
extensive loss and injury, I have at all times en-
deavored so to guard my general course, that no
word has ever fallen from my lips in debate,and
no motion has ever been introduced by me into
this body, which would have the tendency to in-
crease and foster the sectional alienation between
the people of different portions of the country,
which I suppose to be the main cause of our pres-
ent condition, and which has culminated in the
severance of seven States from this Union.
I have always thought that, in a Government
founded in opinion, and especially with so ex-
tensive an area as ours, having jurisdiction oyer
so many independent communities with diverse
habits, manners, customs, and tones of thought,
and also with the labor system existing in some
of those communities at war with the generally-
received opinion of the people in others, forbear-
ance both in action and in the expression of opin-
ion could alone preserve and maintain the com-
mon Government which those communities had
formed for the mutual welfare of each and all;
that it was vain to hope that the several States,
which had organized a common Government with
special powers for their mutual protection and de-
fense, would remain united under that Govern-
ment when the Union sentiment and nationality
of feeling which originally created and had hith-
erto preserved it had perished in the hearts of the
people.
I utter it with regret, but with the clearest con-
viction of its truth, that if regard be had to the
extreme sections of this country, the fraternal
feeling by which alone the nationality and Union
can be preserved, has so perished; that the alien-
ation engendered, principally but not altogether,
by the conflict of opinion and sentiment, as to the
institution of African slavery and its future exist-
ence or extinction in the United States, has so sun-
dered the people of the exireme East and North
from some of the more southern States, that the
preservation of the common Government has be-
come impossible, and even its reconstruction im-
practicable, while that conflict of opinion and sen-
timent remains.
At the commencement of the late session of
Congress I indulged the hope that attachment to
the Union and the imminence of the danger might
induce a sufficient number of States to demand
from Congress a convention of all the States, and
that in such a convention, the delegates elected
(unbiased as they would have been by the dis-
traction necessarily incident to the exercise of
power and the distribution of office) would have
j sufficient patriotism and intelligence to adjustour
1 common Government on a basis which would
! forever secure the integrity of the Union. The
' rapid progress of events, the abortive efforts of
the peace commissioners, the sectional array of
parties in both Houses of Congress, the fact of
accomplished revolution, and the complete organ-
ization of a new republic by seven States of this
Union, having sufficient wealth and numbers to
constitute a great nation, have blasted that hope,
and convinced me that there remains now but the
alternative of a war of subjugation against the
seceding States by the Federal Government, or
! an assent to their peaceful severance and a recog-
1 nition of their independence as a separate nation-
ality. The conclusion my judgment has arrived
at is perhaps best shown by a resolution which
I drew many days since, and which I intended to
submit to the Senate for its action. I have for-
borne to do so, because the subject might be
brought before us, as I hoped, by an executive
communication. Nor shall I now present it, as
no such communication has been received, but
merely read it as the result at which my judg-
ment has arrived. The resolution which I in-
tended to offer is in these words:
Whereas seven of the United States of America have,
In the action o! t'.io p-ople thereof under aelnitu of right,
