14*8-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
withdrawn frt>m the Federal Union, and organized, by the
feame authority, a sepai ate common government by the
name of" the confederate States oi America," and whether
the nghr so claimed be among the reserved rights of the
States or the action be revolutionary in its character, the
fact is indisputable that the enforcement of the Jaws of the
United States within those States by the magistracy has
become impracticable, and the only alternative left to the
Federal Government is the subjugation of the seceding
States liy war, or an assent to their secession; and
whereas war can neither restore those States to the Union
nor reach any beneficial results winch are not attainable
with more certainty by peaceful arrangement: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the
President, with the advice and consent, of the Senate, has
full power and authority to accept the declaration ot the
seceding States that they constitute hereafteran alien peo-
ple, and to negotiate and conclude a tieaty with l( the con-
federate States of Amcrica," acknowledging their inde-
pendence as a separate nation; and that humanity and the
principle avowed in the Declaration of Independence that
the only just basi* of government ib " the consent of the
governed," alike require that the otherwise inevitable al-
ternative of civil war, with all its evils and devastation,
should be thus avoided.
It will be observed that I differ in one respect
from the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] He believes that, by amendments to
the Constitution, the Union may yet be preserved
in its integrity. I would gladly find myself in
error; but I hold that to be now impracticable.
The amendments will not be made while the an-
tagonism of sentiment and opinion as to African
slavery remains. Time may remove the cause of
alienation, and then reunion may be the result;
but the danger is, that, while attempting to achieve
what time and change of opinion can alone effect,
from the many causes of collision which exist,
the opportunity of a peaceful termination may
pass, and the country be plunged into civil war.
Hamilton has truiy said that, when " the sword
is drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds
of moderation." The mild voice of reasoti and
wisdom is unheard amid the clash of arms.
Mr. President, there is a twofold aspect to the
resolution of the honorable Senator from Illinois.
The first part calls for facts, and the latter part for
facts combined with opinions. I do not under-
stand the call for facts to be objected to. As to the
latter part, though ordinarily it might be dispensed
with, it seems justified by the gravity of the crises.
The inaugural address of the President, perhaps
of necessity, is general, and, at all events, it luis
been subjected to different interpretations. By one
interpretation, he believes it to be his duty, under
the plea of enforcing the laws, to take such steps
for that enforcement in the seceding States as will
inevitably involve war. The Senator from Illi-
nois, as well as many others, thinks the enforce-
ment of the laws will not be attempted wln-ie found
to be impracticable by the civil power ofthe Gov-
ernment. If there be obscurity as to the general
course of the Executive in a matter so vital to the
couutry, it ought to be removed; nor can 1 sup-
pose that the President desires or would be wilt-
ing that his countrymen should remain in doubt
as to his intended general course of action in the
present Crisis; and,as I read the resolution, a gen-
eral but explicit answeras to thatcourse ol action
towards the new republic which has been organ-
ized will fully answer it.
This bungs me, Mr. President, to the condi-
tion of the country; and as I do not wish that my
opinions should be misunderstood or perverted, I
must ask the indulgence of the Senate if my re-
marks be somewhat rlementaiy as to the nature
and stiuctuie of Government,and the distinction
which exists between the State and the Federal
Governments.
The act ot secession has bei n characterized in
this body by some of its members as a constitu-
tional light, as among the reserved rights of the
States. Hy otheis, it has been denounced as
treason to the United States oil the part of any
of the actors. I agree with neither. It is not
among the reserved rights oftlu States, but is a
revolution by organized communities, by the au-
thority of the people of the seceding States, in
whom the ultimate power of sovereignty is vested,
its ejleet is the same, whether revolutionary or
legal; it severs the State from the Union, and it
suspends the operation of the laws of the Federal
Government in the seceding States. It is, in the
old Roman sense of the term, rebellion—the revolt
of a nation—but not in the modern sense of the
term rohelhon.
What is a republic5 Tf you look to the pub-
licists or to history, you find that its e.sseiit.al
characteristics are very undefined. Venice was
called a republic; so was Poland; both were oli-
garchies; but in our American sense of the term
republic, I suppose it to be a form of government
in which sovereignty is vested in the great body
of society, in the people at large, and adminis-
tered by them through representatives holding
office during pleasure, for short fixed terms, or
during good behavior. These I believe to be its
essential characteristics. It may be either purely
national or merely Federal, or it may be partly
national and partly Federal. The State govern-
ments fall under the former denomination; they
are purely national. The old Confederation was
merely Federal. The present Federal Govern-
ment is partly national and partly Federal; Federal
in its foundation, Federal in the extent of its pow-
ers, but national in its operation. The old Confed-
eration was merely Federal, and operated upon
communities, and not upon individuals.
But, sir, all these forms of republican govern-
ment rest upon one great general principle which
is recognized in America, and has been always
recognized as the great basis, the only just basis
of all government, " the consent of the governed.5 5
Our fathers so declared it in the Declaration of
Independence, but the mode of consent depends
upon the character of the government. The con-
sent of the governed as applied to the State gov-
ernments, which are purely national, and to any
purely national government," is but a political
axiom called commonly the social compact, which
assumes that there is an implied contract between
each individual en izen by which that government
is established. The law of that compact is, in
theory and in practice, that the will of the majority
of society shall be conclusive evidence of the con-
sent of the whole; and further, it has been denom-
inated an inherent right in society, and m the
majority. It is still but an axiom. In practice,
sex excludes one half the governed from giving
consent. Age excludes one fourth. Age is arbi-
trary; it might be twenty-five; it is twenty-one.
Further, in the origin of our Government, though
the States were all national governments, and all
republican, an interest in the soil was essential
for the purpose of giving consent. Nay, still, in
many of the States the prepayment of taxes is
essential for the dissent or consent on the part of
the individual, though he is bound under the
axiom by the laws of the government established
by his implied consent. Residence of greater or
loss duration is requisite in all the Suites; m some
three months, in some six, in some a year, and
atone time two years. Yet all the individuals
who exist as inhabitants of that government or
arc within its jurisdiction, arc consideied by the
force of the axiom as consenting to the govern-
ment and(,.bound by its laws. In the State of
Pennsylvania, and m several other of the non-
slavehohhng States, i believe, race excludes many
of the community, though not skives, from giving
their actual consent, but their consent is implied,
and they are bound by the laws. No negro can
j vote in the State of Pennsylvania, and in other of
the non-slave hold nig Slates t he stone i uh' appl ics.
Yet the axiom is true, and is a wise one; it is the
"foundation of government on the basis of the so-
cial compact, which is the will of .society, evidenced
by the determination of the majority of the great
body of the people who are supposed to be com-
petent to form government.
It is very evident, Mr. President, that revolu-
tion in a government founded upon such a basis
could rarely, if ever, occur; because the majority
ha\ing it m their power to bring into accord with
then opinions tiie legislative authority, could
always change the form of government at will,
without revolutionary action; and I understand
revolution to mean a change of government
against the will of the existing Government. The
word revolution is sometimes applied to any radi-
cal change of a government, whether with or with-
i out the will of the ultimate power ofsovoreignty;
but, in the ordinary acceptation of the term, we
mean, by revolution, a change against the consent
oftheexistmgGovernment. Thepowerofchange,
the right of change,exists in all Governments, no
matter what may be their form, and is vested of
necessity where the ultimate power of sovereignty
exists; in Russia, in an autocrat. No one doubts
j that the Emperor of Russia could change the form
of government of Prussia. In England it is in the
I; King, Louis, ond Commons. Can H be doubted
il that the King, Lords, and Commons, without rev-
olution, could change the form of government and
make England a mere republic if they so desired?
It would require the consent of the Crown, of the
Lords, and of the Commons; but when so accom-
plished, there would be no revolution, in the
proper sense of revolution. Being effected by the
will of the existing Government, the idea of force
and resistance is precluded, and the change of
government would, be legal in all respects.
In the United States this ultimate power of gov-
ernment in each State is vested in the people under
the social compact, and the majority m each State
having the ultimate sovereignty have the right to
change the form of government under which they
live. This I suppose to be the established and
uncontroverted principle derived from all the pub-
licists, as to the theory on which purely national
republics are founded, which all the States of this
Union are. But it is very evident that the prin-
ciple of the social compact cannot be applied to
the United States as an aggregate nation. Could
it be, of course a majority of the people of the
United States could change the form of govern-
ment by their will. The majority of one State
would be carried into another State, and the ma-
jority of the aggregate nation would be competent
to impose the form of government they desired
over the people of all the States. Such is not the
structure of the Federal Government.
Mr. President, these are not my ideas. I have
drawn them from the teachings of certainly one
of the most philosophic minds among the able and
distinguished statesmen who framed the Consti-
tution under which we live, to whose opinions I
have had occasion formerly to refer, and my ad-
miration and reverence for whom has always
increased with further study of his views of gov-
ernment. I mean Mr. Madison. In the thirty-
ninth number of the Federalist he defines what
he considers a national Government. He was dis-
cussing an objection to the Constitution, which
had been made by some of its opponents, that it
might be held that it converted us into one nation
as a consolidated nation, and subverted the exist-
ence of the States. He defines what constitutes
a purely national Government; and it will be seen
that one of the essential elements of a national
Government is, that itjmssesses an indefinite su-
premacy over all persons and things which nre
the proper subjects of legislation. I read from
the thirty-ninth number of the Federalist:
" But if the Government be national, with regard to the
operutum oi Hs poueis, it changes its aspect n ain wliei*
we eoutemplate it m relation to the a tent, of in powers.
The idea o! a national Government involves in it not only
an authont} over the individual citizens, but an indefinite
.suptomae\ overall prison-* and things, to lar a-j the} aic
object'- of lawful government. Amount a people consoli-
dated into one nation, this supremacy is^completely vefted
in ihe national Lejiisiatuie. Among communities mined
for paiti'-ular pmpo-;e<=, it w vested paitiy m thrt geneia!?
and pai ily mtlie municipal Legislatmes. In the former case,
all local authoritio aie Miboidmatc to the supreme. and
nmv be contiolled, duected. oi abon-hed by u at plea-me.
In the lattei. the local or municipal authorities tonu di.~>
tinet and independent pomom of the s-upieinfcoy, no im>;e
M!b)eci, within then lt^pcciive spheres, to the general ai"-
thoi ity ill.in the g<jneial autfioi ify i* Mibp'et to tSU'tn v\ Hinu
if-own f-pheio. In this lelation, then, the pioposed gnv-
i'i isment ( annot be deemed a national <m>\ since its is-
durioii extend-- to c? itam etminciated objects only, and
!ca\e-5 to the f-evetal iSmfe--; aresnluary and iiinoitdAe sov-
eret%r>ty ovei all orliei objects.'1
I thmk if the present President of the United
States had read this passage, he would have been
able to understand the distinction between the
relations of a county to a State and the relations
of a State to the Federal Government. Theie
exists, then, this broad distinction between the-
Fedeial and tiie State governments: the Statu
governments exist by the consent of the governed,
under the law of the social compact; but the
Federal Government exists, not ax the result of
the implied compact which arises under that law,
but by the express compact of the several States
which were independent sovereignties at the time
they created it. That compact specifies the ex-
tent of the powers delegated to the common Gov-
ernment, and without tne compact it could have
had no existence. Siry whence came, or on what
do we base, the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to make or administer any laws? lias it
any other basis than the consent given by the
people of each State severally, by the adoption
of the Constitution framed by the representatives
of States, and submitted to the people of each
State for their several acceptance? Did unanim-
ity in the State of Pennsylvania bring the State
