1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrliOBE.
of Georgia within the operation of the Federal
Constitution? Certainly not. Did the vote of
the people of Virginia, or of any other State, or
could it. bring the State of Massachusetts within
the operation of the Federal Constitution? The
consent of the governed, the consent of the com-
munity, expressed under the social compact in
the State (which is the basis of its government)
forming, by express compact with the people of
other States, a common government for all, with
special delegated powers, is the basis of the Gen-
eral Government of this Union. It has no other
basis to rest upon.
Then, sir, what is the rule as to compacts of
this kind? That they cannot bo changed without
the consent of all the parties to the compact. It
matters not whether the compact is a treaty or
creates a Government; the law of the compacts of
sovereignties is, that no change can be made in
its terms except by the consent of all, unless it is
otherwise provided in the instrument. A quota-
tion from Mr. Madison on that point, which I
formerly made, I will refer to again. It will be
found in volume 5, p. 206, of Elliot's Debates:
'* If we consider the Federal Union as analosous, not to
the social compacts among individual men, but to tbe con-
ventions among individual States, what is the doctrine re-
sulting from these conventions? Clearly, according to the
expositors of the law of nations, that a breach of any one
aiticle, by any one party, leaves all the other parties at lib-
erty to consider the whole convention as dissolved, unless
ttiey choose rather to compel the delinquent party to repair
the bieacli."
1 shall have occasion to refer to this hereafter.
The Constitution contains no provision which
authorizes a State by its own act to separate from
the other States, and withdraw from the Union.
Had there been no provision as to amendments
to the Federal Constitution, within the rule which
governs the compacts of sovereignties, it would
have been unalterable in any one particular; and
it can only be altered in the mode which it pro-
vides. Neither a majority of the people of the
United States can alter the Constitution on the
basis on which it rests, nor a majority of the
States; nor is the power expressly given to any
State to withdraw at will from the Confederation
and establish herself as a separate nation. 1 hold,
therefore, that the act of secession is a breach of
the compact on the part of the seceding States;
and that, beinga breach of compact and against
thewiil of the Federal Government, it is of neces-
sity an act of revolution. But, Mr. President, it
is a revolution inaugurated by a people in their
collective capacity—a revolution and breach of
the compact which, if groundless in morals and
reason, gives just cause of war, but leaves no
other remedy. You may quell insurrection, you
may put down domestic violence by the operation
of the law, but you cannot meet the collective ac-
tion of a people m any other mode than by war or
by peaceable negotiation; and that statesman will
find that he makes a terrible mistake who is un-
able to distinguish between the collective action
of a people and a mere temporary insurrection of
factious individuals. Lord North made it, and
he lost, under the plea of executing the laws, the
brightest jewels of the British Crown. Concession
might have led to a very different termination.
The same power of war which exists in the
present Government of the United States, as
against any seceding State5 which, by the action
of its people, withdraws from the Union, existed
in the old Confederation; not expressed, but re-
sulting from the character of the contract. It can-
not be questioned that a requisition by Congress
on a State, uncomplied with, either by evasion or
absolute denial, (and the cascfrequcntlyoccurrod,)
would have justified coercion by arms as against
the delinquent State under the law of the compact
which united us m that Confederation. That was
a Government as well as the present Government;
that was a Union as well as the present Union.
The dilierence between the two forms of Govern-
ment I will consider hereafter.
Our ancestors were, however, too wise to at-
tempt so dangerous an exercise of power; and we
may now well follow their example. But this
power, Mr. President, which exists in all con-
federacies of independent communities, no matter
what form the confederate Government may as-
sume, of compelling the delinquent community,
by the coercion of arms, to repair a breach of com-
pact, has been always found practically Useless;
and, when exercised, has generally ended in the
destruction of the confederate Government. You
may attempt by war to keep the States united—to
restore the Union; but the attempt will be futile.
Conciliation and concession may reunite us; war,
never! The power may be exercised for the pur-
pose of punishment and vengeance. It may be
cxercised if you propose to conquer the seceding
States, and reduce the nation into a consolidated
nation; but if your intention be to maintain the
Government which your ancestors founded—that
is, a common Government over separate, inde-
pendent communities—war can never effect such
an intention.
But, sir, I believe it has been said, even here,
ccrtainly elsewhere, that the States never were
independent, that the States never were sovereign,
and are not now sovereign States. The only ar-
gument I have ever heard in support of this po-
sition is, that the language of the Constitution,
" We, the people of the United States," " in order
toformamorc perfect Union, "&c.," do ordain and
establish this Constitution for the United States
of America,'' necessarily excludes the idea of sov-
ereignty in the people of each State. As I read
the Constitution, the woids " We, the people of
the United States, "mean nothing more than We,
the several people of the States hereby united.
The United States never existed as a smglecom-
munity, in which the social compact authorized
the majoiity of the whole to bind the minority,
at any period of time. If it had been customary
in those days, which it certainly was not, and it
is hardly so now, to use the word people in any
other than the singular number, I presume that
the woids used in the Constitution would have
been We, the peoples of the United States; for
as such they ccrtainly existed. Though united,
as against Great Britain and with reference to the
external world, as one nation as among them-
selves, they existed at all times as several peoples
and several communities. From their foundation
as colonies, they were independent of each other
as separate communities; their charters were dif-
ferent; their powers were different; the people of
each colony were self-governing people; no col-
ony had any control or power over the laws or
the form of government of any other colony before
they declared their independence. In my own
little State, which was held under the proprietary
government of Penn, though, after he had ac-
quired also the proprietary government of Penn-
sylvania, and, by means of his influence and ex-
ertions, persuaded the people of u the three lower
counties,"as they were then called, of Newcastle,
Kent, and Sussex, to unite m a common Legis-
lature with the people ofPennsylvania, m the year
lG32or 1G84, yet that union lasied but about six-
teen years, and the people severed in 1£00, such
was their desire for independent government, and
had separate Legislatures, though underaeommon
proprietary, from that time down to the com-
mencement of the Revolution. This was charac-
teristic of the people who settled the country; and
it is idle to pretend that the several colonies, at
the time of the declaration of independence, did
not exist as communities, separate, and utterly
independent of each other, though they owed a
common allegiance to the Crown of Great Britain,
which was dissolved, as to each and all, by their
united act at that tune. Not by the Declaration
of Independence, which was but a promulgation
of their act to the world, but by the resolution of
July 2,1776, they severed their relations with the
mother country, and became independent States.
The act was unquestionably an act of revolution;
but did they declare themselves to be one nation,
and, as one nation, freed from their allegiance to
the Biitish Crown ? On the 2d of July, 1776,
Congress passed this lesolution:
"Resolved, That these united colonic* aie, and of right
ouslit to he, lice and independent S!;tTe-.; (hat they :uc ab-
solved 1'iom all allegiance to (lie i3im li Crown, and that
all political connection between tllem -\nd the State of
Gtcat Bmain if, and ought to be, totally dissolved."
From the passage of that resolution the inde-
pendence and sovereignty of the State govern-
ments commenced. They became free and in-
dependent States by force of that declaration.
Prance subsequently, and Great Britain ultimately,
acknowledged that independence. But it was not
the acknowledgment of Great Britain that made
them independent. When that acknowledgment
was made, the war ceased; but the independence
of the States relates back to the time when they
dissolved their political connection with the British
Crown. Because ttie declaration; was made by
them unitedly, is the inference juptor rational that,
they meant to fuse themselves, into. one. consoli-
dated nation, in the face of their own language,
that" these united colonies arc, and of right, ought
to be, free and independent States?" pot a free and
independent nation. At the time this resolution
was passed, and at the time when the Declaration
of Independence, announcing,tfieir. decision to the
world and assigning the reasons for their revolu 
tionary action, was adopted, the several colonies.,
which thus became States, though uniting .in their*
action, were bound by no league or compact; and!
their entire action was the voluntary but not oblig-
atory union of separate and independent States,
each as sovereign, having an equal voice, though,
in wealth, population, and power, there was great
disparity.
But, sir, the Declaration of Independence itseff
defines the political status of the several State's,
and is perfectly consonant with the resolution.
It declares
"That these United States are, and. of right ought to be,
ftoe and independent States; that they are absolved from.
all allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political
connection between them and the State of Great BiStafh
is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that, as free and'
independent States, they have full power to levy war, con-
clude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and to
do ail other acts and things which independent States may
of right do."
This language is not susceptible of two-inter-
pretations. Though the action was united, ikwiup .
united action declaring each of the States in-
dependent State, with the powers which they
pronounced to be necessarily incident to the ex-
istence of an independent State. Common dan-
ger united them. Their deputies had assembled
in Congress as the representatives of independent
communities, and they voted by States—the small
State of Delaware voting equally with the great
States of Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and Vir-
ginia, as an integral member of the Congress,
showing that the equality of sovereignty was the
principle on which they united; and their acts
thus concur with the language of the Declaration
of Independence, that they were free and inde-
pendent States.
Further, sir: the "Articles of Confederation"
adopted in 1778, was the first formal agreement
which could be considered as obligatory on the
States in relation to their union and the establish-
ment of a common Government. The second of
those articles removes all question as to theiiide-
pendencc and sovereignty of each State:
c( Art. 2. Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and
independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and right,
which is not by thib Confederation expressly delegated to
the United States in Congress assembled."
Language could not be stronger to show the
condition of the States when they formed the Con-
federacy, that they were independent States, that
they had sovereignty, and that they retained all
their rights as distinct, independent, political com-
munities, except those which were not expressly
delegated to the common Government created by
the Articles. Can the word " retain" be applicable
to anything but existing rights? They retain all
the lights of sovereignty not delegated expressly
to the common Government by these Articles of
Confederation. In the same instrument, and in
a more formal manner than in the present Con-
stitution , they pledged the faith of their respective
constituents that the Union so formed should be
perpetual, and should not be altered without the
consent of all the States, in these words:
<c And we do furthersolemnly plight and engage the faith
of our re>pectivo constituents, that they shall abide by the
determinations of the United States m Congress assembled,
on all questions which by the said Confederation are sub-
mitted to them. And that the Articles thereof shall be in-
violably- observed by the States we respectively represent,
and that the Union shall be perpetual
In the formation of the Federal Constitution,
every State voted as a State by its delegates; and
when it was ratified, the people of each State de-
cided to adopt it as a part of their own govern-
ment, and incorporated it with their State consti-
tution by the vote of the people of the State alone.
The States of Rhode Island and North Carolina
did not adopt the Constitution for nearly two
years after it became obligatory on the other
States, and the Federal Government was organ-
ized under it. What was their condition during
thattime,if notmdependentStates? Rhode Island
