1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481r
Federal Government certainly is not, upon the so-
cial compact. It is the law as laid down by all pub-
licists, that the breach of any one article absolves
all the others from the engagements of the com-
pact, " unless they choose rather to compel the delin-
quent party to repair the breach1 will not say
that the ease might not be supposed, where a
State, from mere caprice, without any cause what-
ever, should withdmw from the Federal Union,
hostile measures, mingled with conciliation, might
have the effect of restoring her to the Utwon, of
repairing- the breach. Where the people were
divided and the State small in power, I can con-
ceive that the use of hostile or coercive measures,
mingled with affectionate consideration for her
people, might conduce to such a result without
destroying the form of our Government, though,
in such a case, hostile measures would be a strctch
of constitutional power; but such supposition has
no relation to the case of a large section of country,
having sufficient population and resources to exist
as an independent nation, which chooses to throw
off its allegiance to the Federal Government, and,
by the action of the people, withdraw from any
further connection with it. In such a case, you
cannot restore the Union by means of the power of
arms. Conciliation and concession alone, and their
consent, must bring back those States to this Gov-
ernment, as by their separate consent they were
originally incorporated among its members.
Take the case of Delaware and Rhode Island,
which are small States. Suppose the Senate of
the United States should deny them more than
one member of the Senate, in the face of the ex-
press provisjpn of the Federal Constitution: the
wrong would be an unquestioned breach of the
compact, which would justly absolve them from
allegiance to the Federal Union; but yet, sir,
neither of those States could resort to secession
under such circumstances as a remedy. They
could but appeal to your justice. They would
have no other means of redress. They are too
small to exist as independent nations against the
power of this great Confederacy; and, though
the act would be a gross and palpable infraction
of the Constitution, submission would be their
only resort, and resistance mere madness, unless
in combination with other States. But, improba-
ble as it now seems, even that clause in the Fed-
eral Constitution may be hereafter rendered nuga-
tory by construction, if three fourths of the
States of this Union so will. Even the right of
equality in the Senate—the recognition of State
sovereignty by the equal vote of the States in the
Senate—may be hereafter abolished by three
fourths of the States of this Union, by amend-
ment of the Constitution, notwithstanding the
prohibition that no State shall be deprived of its
equal vote m this body, except by unanimous
consent. It is true, it would require that the Sen-
ate should be abolished; but if the object was, as
the tendency of this Govertment seems latterly
to have been, to substitute the will of a mere ma-
jority of aggregate numbers in place of a mixed
Republic, founded upon State sovereignty and
numbers combined,then,beyond all question, that
object will be accomplished whenever the time
arrives—and I fear it is not very distant—when
density of population and increased disparity of
numbers in the respective States, between the
many large and few small States, together with
the progress of opinion towards consolidation,
and government by the mere will of a majority
of numbers, shall enable the advocates of that
form of government to abolish the Senate of the
United States. 1 have heard it denounced as an
aristocratic body, absurd as that denunciation is;
and in latter years the evident tendency has been
to make numbers alone the measure of political
power> disregarding State sovereignty "and the
mixed character which our ancestors impressed
upon thU Fedeml Republic.
Mr. President, I have said that a revolution by
the act and will of the people of a State was
neither contemplated nor provided for in the
Federal Constitution; that the power of war ex-
ists against a seceded State as a foreign nation;
and if I am right in that, the power to treat must
also exist. But war, for the purpose of restoring
a confederacy broken by the secession of a large
number of Slates, never can have that effect. In
the past experience of history, the attempt has
been often made to keep together a confederate
Government, or, if you please, a national Gov-
ernment, founded by and existing over separate
and distinct communities, by force of arms; but
it has always failed, and the destruction of the
common and the particular Governments has been
the general consequence. I trust the Federal Gov-
ernment will profit by the experience of history.
Allow me to read here, sir, from the remarks
of Mr. Hamilton, which almost seem prophetic
as applied to the present juncture of affairs. That
Mr. Hamilton entertained opinions that a much
stronger Government than the Federal Govern-
ment was necessary, no one can doubt. Proba-
bly he leaned to a consolidated Government of
the whole, with a President for life, and with
more permanent officers altogether. Such opin-
ions have generally been attributed to him, and I
believe truly; but Mi. Hamilton was a statesman
of the highest order, and a man of great intellect.
He understood the Government which the people
of the United States preferred when they adopted
the Federal Constitution. Let us sec if the re-
marks which I have made as to coercion by the
magistracy and the fact that there neither is, nor
was intended to be, any provision made m the
Fedeial Constitution for the case of secession by
a State, are not corroborated by him; and if, fur-
ther, he does not declare, m language too strong
to be misunderstood, that the attempt by means
of the coercion of arms, to keep communities
united under a common Government, will always
be a failure, and would probably end m military
despotism. I read from the sixteenth number of
the Federalist, in which he is considering that
change from the old Confederation to the new
Constitution, which provides that the operation
of the laws, instead of being upon political com-
munities, shall be direct upon the individual citi-
zen, which he denominates the coercion of the
magistracy, in contiadistmction to the coercion
of arms, which arc the only two modes in which
laws can have any sanction whatever:
"It seem* to inquire no pains to piove that the States
ought not to preter a national Gonstmmon. which could
only be kept in motion hy the in>uumentality of a laige
auny, coutinuallv on toot to c.\ceutu the oidiuaiv
tions, or decrees of the Government And yet, thiv is the
plain alternative involved hy tho>e who wudi to denv it the
power ol extending its opeiations to individuals. Such a
scheme, if practicable at ail, would instantly degenerate
into a mihtaiy despotism ; hut it will be found m every light
impracticable. The rcsouices of the Union would not he
equal to the maintenance of an Auny considerable enough
to confine the larger State* vvuhm the limit* of their duty ;
nor would the means ever he furnished or foi inmg Mich an
army m the first instance. Whoever consideis the popu-
lousnesd and stiength of several ot these .States sincly, at
the present junctme, and looks fonvaid to what they will
become, even at the distance of halt a centui v, will at onie
diMrtiib, us idle and visionarr/. any t>t heme which aims at regu-
lating their movements l>y laws io opcy ate upon them in their
collective capacities, and to he execvied by a coercion appli-
cable to them in the same capacities. A project of this kind
is little lesb lomantic than the monster-taming ^piritatuib-
uted to the fabulous heroes and demi-gods of antiquity."
I apply the remarks, sir, to the present condi-
tion of the seceded States as an argument in favor
of pence and settlement with them. The attempt
to coerce must be by war, of necessity, and the
attempt at coercion would lead inevitably tt> mili-
tary despotism, and would be futile. Mr. Ham-
ilton was arguing on an objection that might be
made—that, if any State should be disali'ectcd to
the authority of the Union, it could at any time
obstruct the execution of the laws, and biing the
matter to the same issue of foice which existed
under the old Articles of Confederation. In an-
swer to that objection, he was advocating the
propriety and necessity of giving to the Federal
Government the power to execute the laws on
the individual by the magistracy. You will s^e
the extent to which he goes, and the additional
strength which lie says, and says rightly, the
alteration would give to the General Government.
In speaking of the exercise of power, he contends
that where the laws operate upon the community
alone, the State Legislature, by mere evasion, by
non-action, may refuse to let those laws be carried
into effect, and that there exists no other coercion
than the coercion of arms; but that where the laws
operate directly upon individuals, you may rely
upon the coercion of the magistracy, and it would
require, on the part of the State, to prevent their
operation, positive resistance; and he urges, fur-
ther, that the Legislature alone could make no
effectual resistance; they must be supported by
the judiciary, and the judiciary and the Legisla-
ture together, by a conspiracy, would not be able
to stay the operation of the laws, unless sup-
ported by the people; and that successful resist-
ance would require not merely a"factious majority
m the Legislature, but the concurrence of the
courts of justice and of the body of the people. *
This is the substance of his argument in favor of
the operation of the laws on the individual instead
of the State; that they cannot be resisted by the
action of the Legislature, without the judiciary,
nor by the action of both combined by conspir-
acy, unless sustained by the body of the people:
" If opposition to the national Government should arise
from the disorderly conduct of refiactory or seditious indi-
viduals, it could be overcome hy the same means which are
daily employed against the same evil, under the State gov-
ernment*. The magistracy, being equally the ministers of
the law of the land, fiom whatever source it might ema-
nate. would doubtless be as leady to guard the national as
the local regulations from the inroads of private licentious-
ness. As to those partial commotions and insurrections
which sometimes disquiet society, from the intrigues of an
inconsiderable faction, or from sudden or occasional ill hu-
mors that do not infect the great body of the community,
the General Government could command more extensive
lesources, for the suppression of disturbances of that kind,
than would be in the power of any biiiglo member."
Then comes the conclusion, so truly applicable
to the present condition of the country:
"And as to those mortal feuds, which, in certain con-
junctures, spread a conflagration through a \vhole nation,
or through a veiv large proportion of if,, pioceeding either
from weighty causes of discontent, given by the Govern-
ment, or iiom the contagion of some violent popular par-
oxysm, they do not fall within any ordmaiv lu'es of calcu-
lation. When they happen, they commonly amount to
revolutions and dismemberments of empire. No form of
government can always either avoid or control them, it is
in vain to hope to guard against events too mighty fox hu-
man foresight or precaution; and it would be idle toobjeel
to a Government-because it could not perform impossibili-
ties."—Federalist, No. J 6.
Mr. President, such is the state of affairs which
now exists in this country. Whether the result
of a popular paroxysm, or whether it proceeds
from grave causes of discontent, the action of these
seven States is sustained by the great body of the
people in those States. It is one of those events
against which human foresight cannot provide,
and against which it is idle to reproach the Gov-
ernment that it has not the power of resistance.
It has been said that the action of a State in
seceding makes all the actors guilty of treason if
they attempt to support that action by force of
aims. I am unable to appreciate the force or the
humanity of such a doctrine. It may serve to
excite; it will never serve to deter. It is not a
practical question. When revolution comes, not
insurrection, it overrides and cannot be met by
the law of treason. The allegiance is due to the
State as well as to the Federal Government; and
the allegiance to the Federal Government is due
through the State. If the State, as a political com-
munity, dissolves her connection with the Federal
Government, could there be a more revolting prop-
osition than that the individual man, who is dom-
iciled in the State, and residing there,shall be held
in the position that he is guilty of treason against
the State if he does not side with her, and of trea-
son against the General Government if he does?
The law of domicile must necessarily govern the
allegiance of the individual, where the political
action of the community has severed the State in
which he is domiciled from the General Govern-
ment. Humanity alone requires that such a doc-
trine should be enforced. But it is rcally not a prac-
tical question. The charge of treason only irritates;
for the words " treasonand " traitor" are terms
to which no man submits without a sense of indig-
nation and a disposition to resistance. Practically
you can never enforce the law of treason against
the collective action of a people. It was threat-
ened in the case of the revolution of our own an-
cestors m 1776*. Was it ever enforced ? Must it
not always lead to retaliation where there is this
collective action ? Is there a possibility that where
levolution occuts—and this is revolution on the
part of the people of seven States in their collect-
ive capacity—that the law of treason can be en-
forced ? Wliy, then, is the term applied unless,
indeed, those who use it intend to so increase ex-
asperation that neither reconciliation nor reunion,
nor even peaceful separation, shall be practicable
or possible.
But, sir, though the act of secession, which,
for the reasons I have assigned, 1 believe to be
revolutionary, is ti revoluttonaiy light, and is a
right which the people of a State alone, in whom
the ultimate sovereignty is vested,not the Legis-
lature, can exercise; and it is from the use of the
