1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
words (c the people," by our ancestors, to distin-
guish between the mere Government as an agent
and the great body of the people in which, as
possessing the ultimate sovereignty, the right to
change the form of government reposes, that so
many have been led into false views of the act of
secession. They used the word " people" as rep-
resenting the ultimate and true source of sover-
eignty in contradistinction to the mere Govern-
ment. If the people of a State, acting in the
same collective capacity in which they adopted
the Constitution of the United States, as a distinct
people, afterwards choose to abrogate that Con-
stitution, it seems clear, if they had the authority
to adopt, they must have the sovereignty to re-
scind. The act. is revolutionary, because it is
against the will of the common Government, and
a breach of the compact which created that Gov-
ernment. It becomes just cause of war, as in
any case in which one nation abrogates a com-
pact with another, and war alone must be the
remedy, or peaceful arrangement.
This doctrine of secession is not, as has been
supposed, the child of mere politicians. One of
the ablest and most distinguished jurists of this
country, one of the brightest ornaments of the
Philadelphia bar in its best days, one of the most
highly educated men of the country, not a poli-
tician, but an utterly unambitious man, in the only
treatise which I have been able to find in which
the question of secession, or the right of secession,
is directly noticed, holds that the rightexists from
the structure and nature of the Government—I
allude to the late William Rawle, of Pennsylva-
nia. His reputation is, that he had no superior
among the able men who flourished with him at
the bar of Philadelphia some sixty years ago. He
was naturally a conservative man. He filled the
office of district attorney under General Wash-
ington for eight years; was a member of the Fed-
eral patty; was oftered more than once by Gen-
eral Washington the office of Attorney General of
the United States, but was so utterly unambitious
that he declined the offer. In the year 18:25, he
published notes on the Federal Constitution made
m antecedent years, in which he treats of the doc-
trine of secession. I shall take the liberty of read-
ing his views, because I agree with most of the
positions which he takes, with, perhaps, the single
exception that he does not notice the distinction
winch I make that the act must be revolutionary
in its character where it is agtunst the will of the
existing Government arising fiom the nature of
the compact on which the Constitution is founded,
u here there is no express insertion of such an au-
thority in the instrument itself. Cinder the head
of" the permanence of the Union," at page 295
of his Views of the Constitution, and m subse-
quent pages, speaking of that clause under which
the United States are to guaranty to every State
m the Union a republican form of government,
and protect them against invasion, and, on the
application of the Legislature, or of the Execu-
tive when the Legislature cannot be convened,
against domestic violence, he says:
"The Union is an association of the people of lepnblie^;
it-. pu>erv«iu<m calculated depend on rho pre-^eivauon
of those republic*;. The people, ot each pledge themselves
to preserve thai fonn of government in all. Tliti^ eaeh be-
comes re-.poiiM.hie to the rest Hint no other foim ot govern-
ment >hall prevail in it, and sill aie bound to pieseiw it m
eveiy one.
BtU the ineie compact, without the powertoenfoiee it,
would be oi"little value. Now, tins power (-an Ik- nowhete
■-.i piopedy lodired ;is m ri>e Union it-elf. llenee, the term
guaiantee mdnates that the Uinied States aie authoiized
to oppose, and, it po>sU)|e, pi event eveiy Mate in the Union
fiom rehru|ui-hmg tho republican (bi in of;roverntnenl; and,
as au.\ili,u\ meun^, tiiey aie expiosiv aiUhouzed and te-
quiied to employ then iorco.on tlie application of the con-
stituted autiioi ities of e.u'ii Slate, • fa ■> tyt t-.vs doincbtu, no-
Icnce > It a faction cb.m'd attempt to subvert the govern-
ment of a State, for the pui jkkc oi destioymg itMopubhcan
form, the paternal power of the Union eo'uld thus be called
forth to subdue it.
" Yet it is not, to be understood that it1- inf^ipo -ition r. on!d
be justifiable, if the p°ople of' a State -hould dctemmi- to
letire fiom the Union, wheUiei theyadopied another oi le-
fiined the >amefotm of government, or if they •-•hould with
the e.xpics- intention ot receding, expunge the lepresenta-
tive swom from tin n code, and thereby incapacitate them-
selves fiom c one in i iiii!, according to the mode nowpio-
f-crsb"d, in the choice ot eeitam public o Hirers of the United
State*.
*l The principle of ropre*entation, aPhough certainly the
wicu'st and t>e-t. not csicimal to the being of a republic ;
but to eontmue a memb< rot the Union, it mu-t be p'C^erwd,
and theiotojc the trn.uantee must be so construed. It de-
pcn<h oti the SLuU U nf to ? ciuiu oi ab'jt^h the pi incxplc of
representation. it deprrtds on Uielf I'-hclkcr it will
continue u muaher oj the Union. To deny ihu> rizkt would
be inconsistent with the principle on vihirh all our political
systems are founded; which is, that the people have in all cases
a right to determine how they will be governed,
" This right must be consideied as an ingredient in the
original composition of the General Government, which,
though not expressed, was mutually understood; and the
doctrine heietofore presented to the reader in regaid to the
indefeasible nature of personal allcgianee, is so far quali-
fied in respect to allegiance to the United States. It was
observed that it was competent for a State to make a com-
pact with iis citizens, that the reciprocal obligations of pro
tection and allegiance might ceasc on certain events; and
it was further observed that allegiance would necessarily
cease on the dissolution of the society to which it was due.
The States, then, may wholly withdiaw fiom the Union ;
but while they continue, they must retain the character of
representative republics."
Again, under the same head, at page 302, he
writes:
"The secession of a State from the Union depends on
the will ot the people of such State. The people alone, as
wc have already seen, hold the power to alter theii consti-
tution. The Constitution of the United States is to a cei -
tain extent incorporated into the constitutions of the sev-
eral States by the actof the people. The StateLegi>latuies
have only to'perrorm certain oiganical operations m respect
to it. To withdraw fiom the Union conies not within the
general scope of their delegated authority. There must be
auexpiess ptovtsion to that effect inserted in the State
constitutions. Tins is not at present the ease with any of
them, and it would peihapsbo impolitic to conlide it to
them. A matter so momentous ought not to be inn lifted
to those who would have it in their power to exeieuve it
lightly and precipitately upon sudden dissatisfaction, or
causeless jealousy, perhaps again-t the interest and the
wishes of a mdjontj of theii constituents.
"But in any manner by which a secession is to take
place, nothing is moie certain than that the act should be
deliberate, clear, and unequivocal. The perspicuity and
solemnity ot the original obligation lequire coriespond-
ent qualities in its dissolution. The poweis of the Gcneial
Government cannot be defeated or nnpaned by an ambigu-
ous or implied secession on the part ot the State, although
a secession may perhaps lie conditional. The people of
the State may have sonic reasons to complain in respect to
acts ot tho General Government; they may in such cases
invest some of their own officers with the power of nego-
tiation, and may deelaie an absolute secession in case of
their failuie. Still, howevei, the secession must in such
ca«e be distinctly and peremptorily detlaicd to take place
in that event, and in such case—as in the ease of an uncon-
ditional secession—the previous ligament with the Union
would be legitimately and tanlv destroyed. But in either
case the people is the only moving power."
Again, at paa;o 304:
"To withdraw from the Union is a solemn, serious act.
Whenever it may appear expedient to the peoplw ota State,
it nuiht be niaintot>tcd in adnectand unequivocal matmei.
If it is ever done indueetly, the people must icfuse to elect
Kepresentatives, as well to ^Nll'er then Legislature to
lenppomt Senators. The Sen'itoi whose time had not yet
expned niu-4 be lbilndden to continue in the exercise, of
his imietions.
" But without plain, decisive rneasuies of thH nature,
pioceedmg fioin the only legitimate somce—the people—
the United States cannot consider their legislative powos
over such States suspended,not their executive oi judicial
poweis ju any way unpaired ; and they would not be obliged
to desist from the collection ot icvenuo within such Sta'te.
k- As to the remaining States among themselves, there is
no opening for a doubt.
" Seee<-Mon mav reduce the numbei to the smallest inte-
ger, admitting combination. They would remain united
under the same puncipl'.-s and regulations among them-
selves that now apply to tho whole ; for a State cannot be
compelled bv other States lo withdraw fiom the Union;
and theiefore, it two oi moie deteimiuc to lemam muted,
although all the oilier* desert them, nothing can be din-
covered in the Constitution lo pievent it."'
Those arc opinions deliberately expressed, not
in reference to any particular suit, or any partic-
ular action, but tho result of the general reflec-
tions of a highly educated legal mind as to the
Constitution of the United States;and those, too,
of a man eminently conservative in his ehaiacter
and entirely unambitious, who eschewed political
life, refused an office of the highest honor under
tho greatest man that our country has ever con-
tained, and belonged to a party thatcertainly was
not undisposed to carry the Federal powers to
the utmost extent that the Constitution justified.
I have read to you his opinions, as declared in a
work published to the world after years of con-
sideration. I have pointed out to you wherein I
differ from that distinguished jurist, and I differ
with hesitation, because of his eminent character
and his profound knowledge of law; but I have
read Ins views in order to show that this idea of
secession is at least a question which men may
discuss without subjecting them to the imputation
of being disunionists. Subsequently to what I
have read, he speaks of the dangers of disunion,
and the misfortunes which would flow from it;
but he was too able a man to confound the exist-
ence of the right with the propriety of its exercise.
The remaining question, which I wish to dis-
cuss before proceeding to another matter, is as to
the power cf the President and Senate, by treaty,
to adjust all questions likely to give rise to diffi-
culty and to collision between the new republic
which has been formed and the Federal Govern-
ment. I cannot entertain a doubt as to the exist-
ence of that power. It is not expressly given in
those terms, but the treaty-making power is vested
in the President and Senate. It is an indefinite
power. The war power, contrary to the rule
which exists in other nations, is in Congress, the
legislative body, alone. The treaty-making power
is confined to the President, and two thirds of the
Senate concurring with him in the negotiation of
the treaty. One must necessarily, in the exigen-
cies of a nation, be as broad as the other. What
is there that prevents the United States from ced-
ing a portion of territory not within a State, if
the exigencies of the Government require it? You
acquire territory by means of treaty, with no ex-
press power given for the purpose, because the
external sovereignty of the Union is vested in the
Federal Government alone-; and for the same
reason, if the general interests of the whole, where
no particular State has jurisdiction or authority,
require that you should cede territory of the Uni-
ted States to a foreign Government, can any one
doubt that the cession could only be made, not
by Congress, but by the President and Senate, by
means of a treaty? You did it for the purpose of
closing a boundary in the case of Maine, within
a State, with the consent of the State. You were
not able to run the line between Great Britain and
the United States; and for the purpose of estab-
lishing a boundary and preventing collision and
war between the nations, you did cede a portion
of the State of Maine, with the coifbent of the
Legislature of that State.
If one purpose will justify you in ceding a por-
tion of the United States to a foreign nation, on
what principle is it that, where seven States of
this Union, by their consent and by the action of
their people, have chosen to withdraw themselves
from the Union and declare themselves out of the
Union, you cannot acccpt their declaration and
treat with them ? You cannot doubt that you have
the power of war against them, though not while
they are States of the Union. If you once begin
war, you treat them as an alien people. It is the
necessary result of war. Will war give a power
to the President and Senate to make a treaty,
which they do not possess antecedentto the war?
Is a baptism of blood necessary in order to give
authority under the Constitution to the President
and Senate of the United States to conclude peace r
If such a doctrine be tenable, the result is that, if
a collision of arms occurs with this new republic,
and you fight for a period of eight or ten years,
still you are powerless; the President and Senate
cannot treat, peace can never be concluded, and
eternal war must be the rule of your Government.
No new power will be acquired by a collision of
arms between you and this new republic. The
power must exist now, or it exists never.
Mr. President, I do not see how this conclusion
can be escaped; and why you should not have the
power. The treaty-making power, beyond all
question, is an indefinite power. It embraces all
relations external to the Union. If any State had
never become a party to the present Government,
can any one doubt that, such State remaining an
independent State, you could have treated with her,
and that every State of this Union had the right
to part with any portion of her territory irrespect-
ive of the consent of the General Government, if
she was not aparty to that Government? It was
part of their sovereignty and their independence,
as it belongs to every other nation, to either ac-
quire territory, which is one of the rights of sov-
ereignty, or to diminish her territory by cession,
where the public exigencies require it. Well,
then, if a State, by the action of her people, de-
clares herself out of the Union, what clause in
the Constitution forbids your acceptance of her
declaration, and excludes from the treaty-making
power negotiation and treaty with her? If you,
with her consent, can cede a portion of her terri-
tory to a foreign Power, why can you not, with
her consent, permit the whole State fo withdraw
from the jurisdiction of the Federal Government?
For the acquisition of territory by the United
States, you find no express authority in the Con-
stitution; but it results from the nature of your
Government. It is forbidden to the States; it is
permitted to the General Government, because
the right of acquisition is incident to sovereignty.
