522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
in Oregon; and for the construction of this branch, a grant
ot alternate sections of land for six miles on each side of
said road is hereby made, to be selected in odd numbers
from the nearest unoccupied and unappropriated agricul-
tural land.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. GWIN. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] the other
day, and adopted by the Senate, in regard to the
corporation, as it is called, making it merely a
board of commissioners, makes it a matter of not
so much importance whose names arc inserted.
Several Senators have suggested the names of
gentlemen of capital and experience in their sec-
tions of the country, whose names, as commis-
sioneis,as I may now call them, would be of great
consequence in the organization of this great work.
I sent up those names, at the suggestion of those
Senators, and hope they will be inserted in the
proper place.
The Secretary read the amendment; to insert,
at the end of the thirty-fourth line of the first sec-
tion, the following:
Edward Learned. James M. Cook, Erastus Corning,
James T. Souter, F. P. 'ames, Samuel F. Butterworth,
arid fc>. L. M. Barlow, of Now Yoik; Watts Sherman and
Thomas A. Scott, of Pennsylvania; and Daniel P. Rhodes,
of Ohio.
Mr. TKXJMBULL. Do these names come from
any committee? I should like to inquire of the
Senator from California whether this is a mere
preference of his ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the commit-
tee of the House of Representatives have consid-
ered this subject, and certain names have been in-
serted as corporators. I know nothing myself of
tho selection of these names. I know nothing of
the names now proposed; butthere ought,it seems
to me, to be some reason given for addmga list of
names at this time.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator had listened to me
when 1 offered the amend men t, he would have un-
derstood the reason why I didolferit. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana having left
this matter open entirely, and changed the char-
acter of the bill as it came from the House, a num-
ber of Senators have suggested the names of other
parties, inasmuch as it was open to subscription.
They are the names of parties whom it would be
important to have in originating and starting this
gieat enterprise, men of large wealth and experi-
ence in railroad matters. They were suggested
to mo by members of the Senate. I have no name
myself to propose at all fiom any portion of tho
country; certainly, none from my own country;
but it was supposed that these names would aid
in organizing and starting this great enterprise.
That was my reason for offering them. I should
not have offered any name, if it had not been that
the amendment of tho Senator from Louisiana left
it an open question for every person to subscribe
that chooses to do it.
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator from Califor-
nia have the names of the States designated, so
that we may see from what States they come?
Mr. GWIN. The persons are named, and the
States from which they come—New York, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania. I intended to offer some from
the State of Illinois; but, as the Senators from
that State did not agree on the names, and nobody
had objected to these, I have offered them sepa-
rately. Those that come from Illinois I will name
afterwards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in tho chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California, to insert the names that have been
mentioned?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now, Mr. President, I offer two
names from the State of Illinois. I will state in
advance that, as the Senators from that State do
not agree about these names, I offer them with-
out any feeling on the subject as to the parties
named. I want to get the names of individuals
who will aid in this great enterprise. I would
not have offered any name, as the Senators from
the State did not agree upon them; but it was de-
sired by one of the Senators that at least one of
the names presented should be offered; the other
Senator did not object to that; and I have offered
both of them. I move to add at the end of the
last ameminu nt the names of Virgil Hickox and
C. L. ILgbec, of Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I move to amend the
amendment by adding the names of William B.
Ogden and Henry Farnham.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I may as well state very
frankly the point of difference of opinion on this
question. At the last session, I think it was,
when this bill was pending in the House of Rep-
resentatives, a member of the House, having it in
charge, came to me and told me that they wanted
a man from Illinois. They had selected one who
was a Republican and they wanted one who was
a Democrat, so as to deprive it of any partisan
character. They said they had selected the name
of William B. Ogden,who was a Republican, and
wanted the name of a Democrat. I considered
William B. Ogden a very proper gentleman, and
there was no objection to him. I gave them the
name of John Moore, a Democrat, who is a re-
tired politician and has now no connection with
politics, and who eminently possesses the con-
fidence of the people of the State of Illinois. When
the bill came in heie, I found they had stricken out
William B. Ogden and put in the names of three
very activc politicians—John Wentworth,N. B.
Judd, and Mr. Hammond. There were three
against one, who was not an active politician. I
suggested to my colleague that I thought this ough t
to be stripped of its partisan character, either by
striking out the two active politicians—Mr. Went-
worth andMr. Judd—and let it stand John Moore
and Charles G. Hammond; or by putting in two
others, so that if there were three ouone side there
would be three on the other, and thus it would be
divested of any appearance of political partisan-
ship. I am willing now to strike them all out but
one on each side; or I am willing to make it two
or three on a side; but lam unwilling that it shall
be made a partisan concern by carrying partisan
politics into it. My colleague does not object
when he has in the bill three Republicans, who arc
very violent partisans, and only one Democrat.
He does not object to the addition of two Demo-
cials to make it even; but he wants to put in two
more Republicans, so as again to get the prepon-
derance. 1 protest against party politics coming
into tins question; and for that reason I insist
either on stiiking out all but one on each side—
oneDemocratand one Republican—or leaving two
Democrats and two Republicans, or tlnee Demo-
crats and three Republicans, just as you please,
to keep it even on each side.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, my col-
league has had the advantage of me so far as being
consulted in regaid to these names is concerned.
I was never consulted, and I did not know what
names were inserted in the bill until it came to the
Senate and I saw them here. I supposed those
names were selected without reference to party;
and though my colleague says they are very active
partisans, I did not know the politics of Mr.
Hammond.
In regard to another, Mr. Wentworth, I may
say that he is quite as much of a party man on
the side of my colleague as he is upon ours. We
do not claim him as a party man. I do not. I
am quite willing, if the Senator objects to him on
party grounds, that he shall have somebody else.
Heccrtainly is not selected in consideration of his
party politics. I had nothing to do with his se-
lection. If I were selecting men on that ground,
certainly I should not have selected him. I am
quite satisfied to let the names remain as they
came from the House of Representatives; but
when the names of four gentlemen from Illinois
have been put into the bill without any leference
whatever to politics, so far as I know—for I was
not consulted on the subject—1 am not quite will-
ing that my colleague shall come into the Senate and
ask that two party men shall be put in—the. chair-
man of the Democratic committee of Illinois, and
another violent partisan. That looks to me a lit-
tle like bringing party into the bill. I do not sup-
pose that either of the four names in the bill ori-
ginally were selected with a view to party; but it
shows that there is some party feeling about it,
when it is insisted that they must be divided
equally between the parties. I wish no party to
enter into this bill. I have not been consulted;
and I had nothing to do with tho selection of the
four names from Illinois; but they are not parti-
san, so far as I know, with the exception of one.
Mr. Judd is a party man, and known as a Re-
publican. Mr. Wentworth, perhaps, may be re-
garded as a party man; but my colleague knows 1
very well that he has been quite as much of a
party man in hostility to Republicanism as he has
been in its favor. Therefore, if he proposes to
add two names, I propose two other gentlemen.
They arc not party men. I have named those
gentlemen. Mr. Ogden is a gentleman largely in-
terested in railroads—more so, perhaps, than any
man in the State of Illinois; a man of large means,
who has had a good deal to do with the railroad
interests of the West; and he is a very proper per-
son, independent of any party feeling, as I pre-
sume my colleague will agree at once, to be one
of the corporators in this railroad bill. The other
gentleman named, Mr. Farnham, is also a rail-
road man. Neither of these gentlemen, I pre-
sume,would be called an active partisan; although
one of them is at this time a member of the Illi-
nois State central committee. It is because they
are interested in the object of this bill that 1 have
named them; and not in consideration of any par-
tisan feelingswhicheitherof them may have. The
persons named by the gentlemen are, as individ-
uals, unexceptionable, so far as I know; but they
arc not so exclusively connected with the railroad
interests of the West as are Mr. Ogden and Mr.
Farnham. I have no objection to the names of
Mr. Hickox and Mr. Higbee being inserted; but
if 'they are about to be put in on the ground of
their being partisans, then I ask to insert two
other names of persons who are not partisans,
but very worthy men.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am aston-
ished at the statement of my colleague that Mr.
Wentworth is not a Republican and a partisan.
1 regard him as the mostpowerful and formidable
partisan in Illinois. In northern Illinois, he is
the very soul of your party, by far the most in-
fluential and powerful adversary that I have per-
sonally, or that the Democratic party has. I do
not object to his name in this bill on that ground.
He is not a railroad man. He is a partisan; but
I do not object to it.
My colleague has said that Mr. Hickox was
chairman of the State Democratic central com-
mittee. If he wished to have been candid, he
would have said that Mr. Judd was the chairman
of the Republican State central committee in the
battle fighting me. I think the one balances the
other. 1 do not object to Mr. Judd on thatground;
butifhe issmccrc m his objection to Mr. liickox,
because he was chairman of the Democratic com-
mittee, as an honest man he is bound to object to
his own man for the same reason. One will coun-
terbalance the other.
As to Mr. Hammond, he says he does not
know that he is a partisan. I do not object to
Mr. Hammond; I am willing to leave him in the
bill; but he is a partisan. I have reason to know
that he not only was a partisan, but that his rail-
road was a partisan railroad. In the contest of
18561 had to witness the fact with my own eyes,
that Democrats could not ride home from a mass
meeting by his railroad unless they rode under
the Fremont flag; and hundreds of men were com-
pelled to go home in another way, rather than
submit to the humiliation of riding on a partisan
railroad, carrying partisan flags on its cars. He
does not know that these men are partisans!
Why, you would not have had a party but for
the money and the power of these men. I do not
object to them on thatground; but I want the bill
stripped of its partisan chaiacter by equalizing it.
I say to my colleague, strike out all the names
but one on each side. He may choose one, and
I will designate John Moore as the Democrat. If
he objects to liini, I will take another. He may
designate a Republican, and if he is not personally
objectionable, he may come in. I will put in no
man to whom he objects. He may have a veto
on my man, and I will have one on his.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you will never get
anybody in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, I will. He may take
William B. Odgen, the man whom he eulogizes
so much. I do not object to him. He may take
Mr. Hammond, whose politics he does not know.
I do not object to him. He may take the partisan
chairman of his committee, Mr. Judd. I will not
object to him, but will just offset another man
againsthim. Ifhe takes the chairman of his com-
mittee, I will take the chairman of ours. If lie
leaves off the chairman of his committee, I will
leave off the chairman of ours. I want the bill
stripped of its party character. I never dreamed
