1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
Territory may be acquired, and generally it is,
for the purpose of forming future States; but the
right of admitting States into the Union cannot
alone give you the power to acquire territory for
the purpose of forming future States. You may
acquire and hold it for other purposes, where the
good of the country justifies the action. In the
early part of the negotiation between Spain and
the United States, 111 reference to the conflicting
boundary questions with Spain on the Louisiana
Aontier, Mr. Madison and Mr. Monroe proposed
to Spam that a portion of the territory should be
ceded by both Governments, thirty miles wide,
to exist as a barrier territory, and to be incapable
of settlement by either; and this included part of
the territory the title to which was claimed by the
United States as belonging to and vested mthem.
There is no limit, in fact, to the power of
diminishing the territory of the Union, except m
the States. The General Government, with the
assent of the State, did u for one puipose, m the
case of the State of Maine, without even the ac-
tion of the people, in the case of the seven seceded
States, the people in their original capacity, 111
whom the ultimate sovereignty rest? according to
our Declaration of Independence, have declaied
those States to be out of the Union by their rep-
resentatives elected for that purpose, and they have
dissolved their connection with the Federal Gov-
ernment. Have we not the right, has not this
Government the power, to acceptthatdeclaration;
not to destroy the Union, but to preserve it, and
maintain peace with those States? You cannot
escape from perpetual and eternal war, unless
you come to'this conclusion, that the President
and the Senate have the power of negotiation with
a State which secedes, if they see fit to exercise
it. 1 admit freely that, on the other hand, the
act of secession having the effect of severing the
State from the Union, though revolutionary, and
making her people an alien people, Congress has
also the right of war, and just cause of war, if
there is no cause for the withdrawal.
i may add further, that this opinion of mine has
been sustained by very eminent and able men. In
a letter, which I have read, of Judge Story, he
states that both Chief Justice Marshall and him-
self, in reference to a resolution passed by the
Legislature of Massachusetts as to the cession of
a portion of Maine to Great Britain by the con-
sent of the State, considered the resolution ill-ad-
vised and unsustamable;and they both held that,
of necessity, emergencies might arise which would
absolutely and imperatively require the Govern-
mcntto cxercise the powerof cession with the con-
sent of the State. It is in the second volume of his
works, and can be found there by any Senator who
doubts on this question. I submit, therefore, that
we have the power—the President and Senate, not
the House of Representatives. Congress alone
has power to declare war. The President and
Senate have an equally broad power to treat and
negotiate to secure peace, settle the terms on winch
this new republic which has been ojganized shall
live in peace and amity with us hereafter.
Without concluding, Mr, B. here gave way for a
motion to proceed to the consideration of executive
business; and, after some time spent m executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday. March 21, 18G1.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages, m wi itinir, were received from
the President of the United States, byMr.Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
OFFICERS OP THE SEXATiL
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution submitted
by me on the 30th of March, in relation to the
organization of the Senate. 1 wish to £ay that if
tins resolution be taken up, it is not my purpose
to cail up the second resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it .the pleasure
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution indicated by the Senator from Now
Hampshire '
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
•"ceded ro con&ider the following resolution, sub-
imtvd by Mr. Hale on the 19th instant:
Resolvec/, That William Ilickey be, and lie hereby is,
appointed acting Secretary of the Senate during the pres-
ent infirmity ol the Secietary; and that said acting Seere
tary be, and be is hereby, empowered to do and perform all
otiicial acts pertaining to the office ol Secretary ol'the Sen-
ate not specifically devolved on the Secretary by law, and
undet the same responsibilities now devolved on the See-
letaiy, and after giving like official bond; and that lie so
continue until the fuithcr order of the Senate, and that the
salary of the said William Hiekey be eontinned the same
as it now is.
Mr. HALE. In submitting this resolution, I
wish to express to the Senate, and to the friends
of Mr. Dickws, of whom I consider myself one,
that the resolution has bees drawn with a tender
regard to his feelings and the estimation in which
the Senate hold him, as a faithful and long-tried
public officer, whose infirmities render him at this
time incompetent for the physical discharge of
all the duties of Secretary of the Senate. There
is to be a long vacation, and it may be convenient
for Mr. Dickins to be absent; and those who con-
cur with me in this matter have thought itwould
be better to have some active head of the corps
of clerks m his absence. It makes no alteration
in the pay of any officer, nor in the personnel of
the office, but simply invests Mr. ILckey with
the authority of the Secretary in the present con-
dition of his health.
Mr. BRIGHT. This resolution does notstrike
me favorably. It proposes to make a change in
long established rules and usages here, without
reflection. I think the Senator had better let it
rest for the present. We are very nearly through
the business of this session; and if it is proper to
make this change at the opening of the next ses-
sion, when theSenate is full, it can then be made;
but 1 suggest to the Senator that he let the reso-
lution he until there is a full Senate. It is evident
it cannot pass now. There is not a business
body present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the adoption of the resolu-
tion."
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 hope the resolution will be
read. It iuis not been rend since it was called up.
The Chief CIeik lead the lesolution.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. Postpone its consideration to
next session; that will be better.
Mr. BAYARD. No; I move to lay it on the
table, because then it can be taken up at the next
session. There is no difficulty about that, ldo
not think myself it is desirable to adopt it now.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—aves 8, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays. I suppose there is a quorum here.
The yens and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 25; no quorum
voti ng.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I think there are some Sen-
ators m the Chamber who have not voted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a little matter
which is a privileged one. I desire to make a
short statement, which 1 can do now; and by the
time 1 am through, no doubt, a quorum will have
arrived. It will not take me five minutes. I in-
tended to make it yesterday; but the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] was not in his
s< at in the morning until after the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] got under way. I did
not i'eel at libelty to mtenupt, and could not
properl v interrupt him. I then intended, as soon
as ho took Ins seal, to introduce this matter; but
before he took his seat, the Senator from Rhode
Island was out again. He is not here lo-day;
but I do not choosc to let matters of this kind
float at large in the public papers; and therefore
I mtend to notice it, leaving him, if ho comes in
at any time, to refer to it or not, as he thinks
proper.
It will be recollected that on Tuesday there was
some little debate between the Senator fi om Rhode
Island and myself. He offered an amendmentto
the resolution of the Senator from Illinois. 1 did
not think much of the amendment; I did not know
what it referred to; but I supposed it might refer
either to the Senator from Texas or somebody
eloe from the seceding States. While he was
going on with his remarks, one or two Senators,
as I was interrupting him, scud to me, " ask him
what Senators he refers to as not entitled to seats
on this floor." I did put the question to him,,
therefore, and he declined to state. He said he
had some information, and I asked him to tell
me what the information was. I was not dream-
ing that that Senator had any reference to me,
I find, though, the following statement in the Bal-
timore Sun of yesterday, and the question which
I propose to ask him, will be pertinently seen on
my reading it. I find this in the Sun in giving
the proceedings:
"Mr. Simmons offered tho followingreRohuion as asub-
stitute for that of Mr. Douolas :
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo in-
structed to make the following inquiries: First, if any State
or States of the United States have so changed or modified
their law> lespectmg the oath required to be taken by the
meinhcis of the Legislatuie thereof, as to disqualify its
members as electors of a Senator of the United States, ac-
cording to the provisions of the Constitution. Second, If
any Senator now claiming to be a member of the Senate of
the United States has been elected by the Legislature of
any Statu the member® whereof aie disqualified. Third,
what vacancies, if any, there are in the Senate which the
Executive of any Suite has a light to fill; and that the com-
mittee leport the le&ult of these inquiries to the Senate.
[Nato.—It h stated that these inquiries are aimed at
Senator Clinoman, it being alleged that the members of
the Legislature of North Carolina which elected him did
not take an oath to ?ui[>poit the Constitution of the United
States.—Reporter. ]"
Now, sir, if the honorable Senator gave this
information to the reporter, which Lam obliged
to infer from the manner in which it is stated—
for if this was a motion m his own breast he re-
fused to answer on the floor of the Senate—it is
extraordinary. It is very extraordinary indeed,
if he furnished this statement to the reporter; and
how otherwise the reporter could gctat his views
I am at a loss to know. If, on the other hand,
tho reporter fabricated it, he ought to be expelled
from the gallery of the Senate. That is a ques-
tion, however, between the Senator and the re-
porter.
But if it be true that the object of the Senator
was to attack anybody, or to oust anybody, this
is a very extraordinary proceeding. Heietofore
when a movement has been made against any Sen-
ator, he has been referred to directly. ISo one,I
suppose, ever heard of a general inquiry, like a
general indictment, to bring up charges. It seems,
if this statement is to be relied upon—and 1 can
only take it as 1 find it—that Senator wanted the
Committee on the Judiciary to attack me, with-
out my having any notice of it, and to make a
report. It is a "very extraordinary proceeding, the
like of which has not been known.
I am at a loss to know why the Senator him-
self has not noticed it, for this appeared yesterday
morning, and I thought he would be apt to cail
attention to it. What I should wish to know of
him, if he were here, would be, whether he fur-
nished the reporter with that statement; and I
should also ask him further, whether his move-
ment was against me? If so, I am perfectly will-
ing to meet it. I do not make this statement with
any view of defending myself, or maintaining my
nghthere, because I takeil forgianted that, what-
ever might be the objcct of the Senator, the Sen-
ate, of course, would give me a hearing, if it ever
became necessary. I only allude to it because I
do not choose to have the members of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina assailed m this way. \
think there has been no Legislature that ever as-
sembled in my State, since North Carolina entered
into the Union, the members of which failed to
take an oath to support the Constitution. In the
present instance, I have no doubt the charge is
wholly unfounded. I happened myself to be at
Raleigh when the Legislature organized, and I
recollect very well that they were sworn m. I
did not pay any attention to the oath; but! have
no doubt it was the usual oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and of the State.
That, however, is a question to c,ome up in its
proper place. What I desired to refer to, was
this extraordinary proceeding of the Senator from
Rhode Island, attempting to ou&t some Senator or
other, whether he retried to me or not, and it is
remaikable that, when he was pressed, ho refused
to answer. I hope that, whenever he does appear
in the Senate, he will think proper to state what
his purpose was, and especially whether he fur-
nished this statement to the reporter on which he
attacked the Legislature of North Carolina As
they are my constituents. I have felt it rurht to
say thus mucb on the sub]ect„and wiilno longer
ask the indulgence of the Senate.
