1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
the control of the Federal Government. It will
scarcely be denied that, whatever collateral causes
may have conduced to its success in particular
localities, its basis is the anti-slavery sentiment,
and its leading idea the equality of ail men with-
out regard to race; nor can jt be doubted that a
party, which owes itsx success to the non-slave-
holding Stales, and which has existence in but
few of the siavehoidmg States, and obtained there
but a trivial vote from the people, is a sectional
p'uty. I use the term in no sense of reproach,
but as a matter of geographical distinction. It is
sectional because it is confined to particular por-
tions of the country, and there it seems to be sus-
tained with great unanimity. It is true that the
measure particularly in contest in the late presi-
dential struggle was the existence of slavery in
the Territories of' the United States during their
territorial condition; but the sentiment which un-
derlies this great paity, which causes its opposi-
tion to slavery in the Territories, is hostility to
the existence of the institution. That man knows
but hftie of human nature, and has read history
to little purpose, who supposes that a great party
when in power will pause with a particular meas-
ire, and not attempt to carry out its leading idea
when in power, and cimg to the sentiment by
which it exists.
The territorial question surrendered, will the
hostility to the institution of slavery expire? There
may be various shades of the anti-slavery senti-
ment among individual members of the Republi-
can party, and they may differ as to the extent to
which it would be desirable or practicable to carry
that sentiment in to effect. The Abolitionist proper
avows openly his hostility to the institution, and
his purpose to extinguish it, even by disunion.
The Republican of a milder type, still bases his
action and his party connection upon the anti-
slavery sentiment, and seeks to attain the same
object while he adheres to the Union, but desires,
by construction of the Constitution, and indirect
measures, to attain the same result. I believe that
all Republicans admit, or nearly all, that the Fed-
eral Government possesses no power to abolish
slavery in the States, or to interfere with it by
direct legislation. But though the power of eman-
cipation, 01 of direct interference with the insti-
tution of slavery in the States in which it exists,
may not be advocated or asserted, yet that the
ultimate purpose is to extinguish slavery through-
out the United States, by the indirect action of
the Federal Government, is equally true. It is
the necessity of the senrunent which underlies the
party as its bond of union, that the poweis of the
Federal Government, so far as by their construc-
tion they can constitutionally be exercised, shall
be used for the extinction of slavery in the United
States. Has not tins purpose been declared in
their political platforms? in the platform of 1836
they denounced slavery as, together with polyg-
amy, a u twin relic of barbarism." If that be the
sentiment and the opinion, will they not exeit
the powers of the Federal Government to extin-
guish these last r^hes of barbarism? Again: in
the platform of itSGO, though the purpose is more
vailed, yet it is impossible to give a construction
to that resolution which refers to the language of
the Declaration of Independence that all men are
created equal, other than its intention to include
the negro lace witlun the terms of tiie declara-
tion, and to asseit the equality of that race with
the v. lute race throughout the United States.
The intent of a patty and its general purpose
may fi,tf< !y be inferred from its declared princi-
ple s; and 1 might reiy simply upon those platforms
as Use indication of the sentiment of the Republi-
can party; but if you turn from their platfci ms to
the speeches and declarations of their trusted lead-
ers, the intention to wield the power of the Fed-
eral Government to the very verge of the Consti-
tiou for the purpose of the extinguishment of
slavery in the United States is distinctly avowed.
1 lerd not quote from the speeches of the Presi-
dent of the United States to show thathe holds the
doctrine that all men are created equal to be as ap-
plicable to the negro as to any other race within
tins country. They have been too often published,
andtho id'-a has been too often expressed by him,
to render it doubtful that such are his opinions.
1 mn not now questioning the propriety of the
opinnn, though I dissent from it, but indicating
the cause winch has led to tho present state of
affairs in the country.
But, sir, the territorial question was not the
only question with reference to which the Repub-
lican party was organized; the settlement of that
question leaves still all the dangers open from the
general leading idea which underlies the party.
{ will read a resolution introduced at the first in-
auguration of this party in the State of Illinois,
which shows what its original objects were;
whether now abandoned by the President of the
United States, I am unable to say. Before the
first national or general convention was held by
the Republican party in tho fall of 1854, on the
5th of October, the following resolution was in-
troduced into the convention which formed the
Republican party in Illinois, by Abraham Lin-
coln, of that State, and adopted:
" Resolved, That the times imperatively demand the re-
organization of parties; also that, repudiating all previous
party attachments, names, and predilections, we unite our-
selves together m defense of the liberty and Constitution of
the countiy, and will hereattercoopeiate as tho Republican
paity, pledged to the accomplishment of the following pur-
poses. tohiing the adimnistiution of the Government back
to the control of first pi mciples ; to restore Nebraska and
Kansas to jhe position ol tree Territories; that the Con-
stitution of the United States vests in the States, and not
in Congress, the power to legislate tor the extradition of
fugitives Irom labor, to repeal and entirely ahiogare the fu-
gitive slave law ; to lestnetslaveiy to those States in which
it e.xists; to prohibit the admission ot any more slave States
into the Union ; to abolish slaveiy m tho"j)jfctuet of Colum
bia j to exclude slavery from all the Territoncs in which
the General Government has exclusive jurisdiction; and
toariestthe acquirement of any moie teintoiies, unless
the practice ot slavery therein shall have been torevei pro-
hibited."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not paying atten-
tion at the moment; butdid I understand the Sen-
ator to say that the President, Mr. Lincoln, had
anything to do with that resolution?
Mr. BAYARD. The statement is—and I can
only take it as I find it, and I did not suppose it
would be dented—that the resolution was intro-
duced by Mr. Lincoln, as the chairman of the
committee on resolutions in the convention of
Illinois, and adopted by that convention in 1854.
Mr. TRUMRULL. Where?
Mr. BAYARD, in Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At Spnn-ficjd?
Mr. BAYARD. The first Republican conven-
tion held at Springfield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Lincoln has distinctly
repudiated having had anything to do with any
such meeting. Theie was such a charge made
agdinsthmi; but he neither introduced the reso-
lution, was at the convention, noi had anything
to do with it; and his denial has been published
all over the country, in a speech mad*1 by him to
that effect, in the controversy which he had with
my colleague in 3858. He is in no way, shape,
or form, responsible for anything which the Sen-
ator has lead, and never did indorse it.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course, I must accept the
denial of the honorable Senator from Illinois, be-
cause 1 have no personal knowledge of the fact. ,
I cut this out of a public paper printed during the
last, canvass. I have never seen any contradic-
tion of it, though on his statement, no doubt, it
must have been made, and if made, I am perfectly
willing to concede that the President is not re-
sponsible for such a resolution; but it does not
alter m any way my view. It cannot be denied,
and will not be denied, that, in his various speech-
es, he has asserted the principle that the equality
of all men includes the negro race; that no dis-
tinction of race should be made, and no exception
to the general language of the Declaiation of In-
dependence, founded on the inferiority of race.
That cannot be doubted, nor will it, I presume,
be denied. It is all that I desire. I lead the res-
olution because I believed it to be true. Nor can
it be denied that the platform of the Republican j
party, in 1856, denouncing slavery as one of the i
twin relics of barbarism, was an indication of i
party sentiment: and the denial would be equally j
vain that the principle avowed m one of their res- j
olutions in the platform of 18G0 could have any 1
earthly object in its msei tion, unless u meant and
was intended to include the negro race. It is,
therefore, a principle of the party by which the
President was elected. But, sir, I would not will- (
ingly attribute to any man, be he President or [
citizen, declarations he has never made; and I |!
waive the resolution entirely, and concede that; i
the honorable Senator is correct, and thai this j;
resolution has been erroneously attributed to the jj
President of the United States. Snii, the posi-il
tion which I have taken is fully sustained by the
published speeches of the President in reference
to equality of races. My next reference will be
to official declarations of opinion, and these 1 pre-
fer. The resolution I have read came to my no-
tice casually, within the last three or four months,
and is unnecessary to illustrate the view I have
taken of the purpose of the Republican party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to make one other correction,
as I see the Senator from Delaware is laboring
under a misapprehension. This meetingm 1854,
at Springfield, was never recognized as a Repub-
lican State convention by the Republican party
at all. It was a meeting of a few persons who
got together without any general representation
of the State, not participated in by the party,and
the party never recognized it in any shape or
form.
Mr. BAYARD. Be it so. It is immaterial
whether it was the first Republican meeting or
not. I a*m content to rest on their known plat-
forms in their general conventions—the platform
of 1856 and the platform of 1860—together with
an extract which I shall read from a speech in the
Senate of the United States, made by one of their
trusted leaders, the present Secretary of State,
about which there can be no misapprehension;
and I hold it to be certain that the gentleman I
have named is one of the representative men of
the Republican party. It is true,he is said now
to belong to the more moderate portion of that
party. It is also said that he is desirous to heal
the wounds of the Union, which were the inevi-
table consequence of his own previous doctrine.
I shall read two extracts, to show the accordance
of the Abolition and the Republican party in the
general anti-slavery sentiment which underlies
them both, though the means by which it is to be
carried into effect practically maybe distinct with
each. On the 9th of April, 1856, in a speech in
the Senate of the United States on the question of
the admission of Kansas under the Topeka con-
stitution, the then honorable Senator from New
York, the present Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted >States, said:
" Abolition i-< a slow but irrepressible uprising of princi-
ples ot natural justice and humanity, obnoxious to preju-
dice because they conflict with existing, material, social,
and political interests. I leave to Abolitionists their own
woik of self-vindication. I may, however, remind slave-
holder?; that there is a time when oppipssion and perseeu
tion cease to be effectual against Mich movements; and
then the odium they have befoie unjustly incurred becomes
an element ot suengfli and power."
He then speaks of the opposition to Christian-
ity during three centuries, and its triumph in the
South, and adds: " Abolition is yet in its first cen-
tury. "
In the Senate of the United States, in 1858, the
same honorable Senator from New York used this
language:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its lights, its inter-
ests its power, and its destim, and is oigamzum itself to
a^ume the government ot the Republic, it will hence-
foitli meet you boldly and lesolutely here ; it wilt meet you
evmywhere—in the Tejritories or oui of them—wherever
jou may no to extend slavery. It has driven you bacK in
Calilo: ma and in Kansas; it will invade jou soon in D< la-
ware, Mnijland, Vn^inia, mid Texas, it will
meet you m Anzona, in Central America, and evi n in
Cuba. The invasion will be not merely haimles^. but he-
nelieeiit, li you yield seasonably to its'ne-t and moderate
demand*. It proved s.o m New York, New Jersey, I'enn-
svlvania, and the other slave Slates which have already
yielded in that way to its advances You may, indeed, got
a stait uudei or near the tropics, and ^eem sate for <i time,
hut it will be only a.shoit time. Even there, you will lound
States only for tiee labo.* to maintain ami occupy The m
tercet of the \\ h-te lace demands the ultimate emancipation
or ail men. Whether that consummation shall bo allowed
to take efieet with needful and wi>e piccautions against
sudden change and disastci. oi be hurried on by violence,
is all tii.it lemauf for you to decide. For the faduie of
your sy-frm oi slave labor thtoughout the Republic, the i e-
sponsibihty wilt rest not on the agitators jou condemn, or
on the political paities you arraign, or even altogethei on
joui^tves, but it will be due to the mheient o?ror ot the
system itself, and to the eiror which thiusts it fonvaid to
oppose and reMst the destiny, not moie ol the African lhau
that ot the white races.*'
Mr. President, I hold that these opinions, com-
bined or singly, as expressed in speeches made
at the distance of two years apart, show conclu-
sively that the representative man of the Repub-
lican party, then and now one of Us trusted
leaders, did expect and intend that its powers
were to be exerud for the purpose of the ox.,ic-
tion of slavery throughout these United Sfa'es.
The mode is not pointed out, but we are toUi that
there v/ill be an in-easto/i of the slavehokhr.g
