THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Special Session, 37th Cong.
TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1861.
New Series No.'94.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to'the consideration of the resolution which was
called up yesterday, and postponed until this
morning.
The motion wag agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution relative
to the appointment of an acting Secretary of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Indiana yes-
terday suggested a modification of the resolution,
to which 1 assented at that time; but on consider-
ation, I prefer the resolution us originally offered,
without modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator pro-
poses to restore his resolution to its original form.
That can be done only by the unanimous eon-
sent of the Senate. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. • t
Mr. BRIGHT. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must be
done on motion,
Mr. BRIGHT. I was going to add, further,
that my object in objecting is to let the resolution
lie without action on the part of the Senate at the
present session.
Mr. HALE. I was going to suggest to the
Chair that my impression was that the usage of
the Senate iiad uniformly been, that where there
had been no action taken on a resolution, it might
be modified by the mover.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is so; but
there has been action taken by the Senate on this
resolution. They have voted on it. It is, there-
fore, now in the possession and control of the
Senate. They voted against laying it on the table
by the yeas and nays, yesterday.
Mr, HALE. Then I move to restore the res-
olution to the original form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment, which will be read.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not going to object if the
Senator desires to have the resolution in the shape
an which it was originally offered; for, if he has
the power to pass it, he has the power to amend
it. My object was to appeal to the Senator to let
it lie, or to postpone it on his own motion to the
first Monday of December next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no ob-
jection to the modification, the resolution is before
the Senate in its original form.
Mr. BRIGHT. Now, I move to postpone its
consideration until the first Monday of December
next.
The question being taken, there were, on a*.
division—ayes 10, noes 19; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
That will bring them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken—re-suited yeas 12, nays 26; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Breckinridge, Bright, Chng-
man, Douglas. Johnson, MitcUeJ, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Rice, and Thomson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Claik, Col-
lamcr, Cowan, Divon, Doolittle. Fcssenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Halo, Hanis, Howe, King, Lane, Morrill, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Ej-ck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wilmot, and Wilson—26.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The resolution was adopted, as follows;
Resolved, That William Hielvpy be. and he hereby is,
appointed acting Secretary of the Senate during the pres-
ent infirmity of the Secretary; and that j-aid actmg rfec-
jetary be, and he is hereby, empowered to do and perform
ail official acts pertaining to the office of Socretaiy of the
Senate not specifically devolved on the Secretaiy t)y law,
and under the same responsibilities now devolved on the
t Secretary, and after giving like ofiiciai bond: and that he
so continue until the further ordei of the Senate, and that
the salary of the said William Ilickey be continued the
same as it now is.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE, i have absolution tooffer, which
may lie on the table:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Saturday, the 23d
instant, at two o'clock, pioeced to the election of a Ser-
geant-at-Aims and Doorkeeper, and an Assistant Door-
keeper.
The resolution lies over, under the ruie.
94
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all reports made
since May 2,186Q, by James W. Taylor, in reference to
the operations* of the reciprocity treaty.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the res-
olution which I offered yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to take up the resolution sub-
mitted by him, to make an allowance to the clerks
of the standing committees of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be taken
up. We had up at the lastsession, and postponed
indefinitely, just such a resolution. It is a res-
olution to pay a gratuity of §360 to each person
who acted as a clerk of a committee at the last
session of Congress. That is exactly what it is.
J should be glad if I could have the attention of
the Senate for a moment on this question. The
clerks of committees are paid six dollars a day
during the session, and from the commencement
of the session, whether they are here or not.
Many of the committees have not had three meet-
ings during the session; I know some of them
have not; and now there is a proposition to pay
a gratuity of $360 to each clerk to finish up his
business. - The Republican party have come into
power as a reform party, intending to reform the
abuses of this Government; and I am for meeting
them at the threshold. I regard this as one.
There has been no resolution of this character
passed, I think, since, on deliberation, we ap-
pointed a committee to revise the rules, and settle
the applications of the employes of the Senate,
which were thrown in upon us at the close of each
session, for gratuities of this kind. I am willing
to pay the clerks and other employes a reasonable
salary for their services; and, when that is fixed
and paid, I think we ought not to bo pressed by
those persons, who have performed a friendly
service for us, and towards whom we may feel
kindly disposed, at the closing hours of a session
to pay them a gratuity in this way. I know that
it is an ungracious thing to object to it. Having
stated this much, and warned the Senate of what
this resolution is, I trust we may dispose of it,
and that it will not be thrust on us again. We
voted down just such a resolution at the close of
the last session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to have the res-
olution read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he directed
to pay to the committee clerk* of the Senate of the last
session of the Thnty-Sixiii Congress, excepting those of
Finance, Claims, and Printing, the u&ual compensation for
biity days.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am very glad that the
Senator from Illinois objects to this. I have reg-
ularly opposed such propositions as long as I have
been in Congress. The regular pay is such that
we have generally a hundred applicants in less
than one week for any vacancy that occurs. I
believe that the clerks of committees are the best
paid men, in proportion to their-services, of any
in the country. I doubt if any of them work
more than an hour a day during the session, and
I am utterly opposed to this resolution, whatever
might be my friendship for them. I do not think
I have a right to take the public money and give
it away; and if I had, there are many other men
in the United States whom I like just as well as
these people. I have no doubt we could get aiiy
number of men for half the present salary to do
the work they do.
Mr. POWELL. I regret to differ with the two
Senators who have spoken on this resolution. I
think it is proper that the resolution should pass,
and it has heretofore been the custom of the Sen-
ate to pass such resolutions as tlus. The last
Congress, I believe, was the only one that refused
to do so. This whole matter was referred to a
special committee, some ypars ago, who made a
very elaborate report, and from that report, I will
read one clause:
"The cterks ofthe Committees on Finance, Printing, and
Claims, shall be permanent clerks, at a salary of $1,860 per
annum.
" The clerks employed by all the other committees shall
receive a compensation of six dollars per diem during the
time of their actual employment; and at the close of the
second session of each Congress, shall be entitled to aa
extra compensation equal to the amount of their per diem
for sixty days."
That was the opinion of a special committee,
who made a very elaborate report on this subject*
The object of giving this sixty days' pay is, to
pay them while they are here, finishing up the
business of their respective committees. My
friend from North Carolina says he can get plenty
of men for half the pay. I will venture to say,
that you can get plenty of men who will under-
take to fill the Senator's place for half his pay. I
do not consider that argument as 
Mr. CLINGMAN. That suggestion has been,
often thrown at me in the other House—I do not
think it necessary to answer it—'.that members of
Congress get more than these clerks. What I
say is this—and I took occasion to say it once in
the House of Representatives: that you can get
competent men to do this business faster than a
regiment could shoot them down as they came
up. I know of no men in the country who are
so well paid for little service as the clerks of the
committees. I shall not undertake to argue with
the Senator as to whether my labors are greater
or less than theirs. I will consider their case now.
Whenever he moves to reduce the salaryof Sen-
ators, I shall hear from him on that point. But
as to these gross abuses which have sprung up
here from mere favoritism, I am very glad to see
that Senators on the other side—and I hope they
will be supported on this-side—want to check
them. Six dollars a day will secure thousands
of men for these offices, without anything extra.
They are very liberally and well paid; and most
of tliem do very little. As to those who. have
some regular work, as the clerics of the Commit-
tees on Finance, Claims, and some others, they
stand on a different footing.
Mr. POWELL. I by no means pretended to in-
timate that the Senator did not earn all that he was
paid for his services here. I only meant to say
that there are hundreds of men, I have no doubt,
who are willing to take upon themselves the dis-
charge of the functions of every officer of this
Government for less money than he gets; and I
think he speaks very justly and very truly when
ho says that you could get a regiment of men to
do these services. I think that applies to every
office in the Government. Any one who has been
in this city for the last three weeks must be satis-
fied that there are thousands upon thousands of
patriotic gentlemen who are ready to relieve those
in the public service. Why, sir, if you were to
put up these offices to the lowest bidders, 1 dare
say you would get many of them for half the
amount; but that is not the question. Thesegen-
tlemen are employed here to render certain ser-
vices at a per diem salary. A committee of th'e
Senate, after laborious investigation, reported that,
in their opinion, at the close of the last session of
each Congress, it was proper to give these per-
sons their per diem pay for sixty days. That is
the question. It has been customary* I under-
stand, to give it to them. At the Congress be-
fore the last the Senate passed such a resolution
•as this; at the last Congresja.it was refused.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to, ask him if the Senate did
not refuse fo concur in that portion of the report
proposingto pay the sixty days'additional allow-
ance, and if the fact is not that it has never been
allowed since that committee acted?
Mr. POWELL. I think it probable they may
have done s,o. About that 1 am not advised. I
find the report here among the reports. When
gentlemen speak of economy, J must say that I
look upon it as the most miserable economy to be
cutting off from clerks a little, petty stipend, when
they come here and stay three months in the year,
