1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
and leave their homes and have to wind up their
business/" 'When'gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber talk about retrenchment and reform,
they should remembersomeofthe bills which they
voted through Congress, especially that granting
millions on millions for three branches of the Pa-
cific railway. If those Senators will allow me, I
wjJI say to them, in the best temper possible, that
if they wish to have economy and reform, they
h^d better look to some of the measures that t$ke
millions upon millions out of the Treasury, instead
of this little pittance that is asked for these clerks.
l/hojpe that the resolution may pass. I think it
isjproper t.hat these gentlemen should have this
ailowance; I amas much for economy as any
gentleman here, I hope; I have universally voted
against extravagant appropriations, and 1 shall
continue to do so; but I do not think that we
should be penny wise and pound foolish upon
these little matters of paying clerks.
Mr. CL11NGMAN. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is the old argument always
made here for expenditures. You never can find
the right place to lop off anything. The excuse
is* when you propose to stop some waste, that
there is other waste, and therefore you must not
begin here. I differ altogether with the Senator
on the leading principle. I insist that you have
no right to give more salary to officers than will
secure competent men. That is the rule which
prevails in private life; it is the rule which ought
to prevail here; and whether it be Senators, Presi-
dents, or clerks, you are bound to give as much
as will secure to the public proper services; and
when you have done that, you have gone as far
as you ought to go. In the other House they pay
the clerks of their committees four dollars a day;
and at the beginning of the session every com-
mittee is burdened with candidates. Here they
are paid six dollars a day; and it seems, not con-
tent with that, it is proposed to give them an extra
allowance. 1 would put them on the footing of
all other service done,asa private individual would
do, and pay what it is worth. I know there are
appeals, to our-generosity. As long as Congress
gives to the persons employed around here who
wait on us and act fop us, money in excess, you
cannot expect the other officers of the country to
be economical, it is always thrown up at us,
" look to what men get here at Washington, what
Senators, what clerks, what men in the Depart-
ments are getting;" and the result is, that you can-
not have a reduction of expenditure at remote
points.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to take up the resolution for con-
sideration.
Mr. CL1NGM AN. I hope it will be taken up,
and then voted down.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it be taken up for con-
sideration. [*' Very well."]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. CLARK. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas IS, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Breckinridge, Bright, Totter,
Johnson, Kennedy, Laue,Mitchel,N«smith, Powell, Rice,
and Thomson—12.
NAYS—Messrs Baker,Bingham,Chandler,Clark,(71ing-
man, Cowan, Oixou, Dougl is, pYssenden, Foot, Grim<^,
Hale, Uurlan, Harris, Howe, King, Morrill, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ton Jiyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and
Wilson—■-25.
So the resolution was rejected.
FOItTS IN TIII5 SECEDING STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Douglas
on the 13th instant;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
inform the Senate what torts, arsenals, navy j-ards, and
other public works, within the limits of the States of South
Caiohna, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, and Tuxa*., are now within tin* actual possession and
occupation of the United States, and by what number of
men «*aeh is garrisoned and held, and whether reinforce-
ments are necessary to retain the same j and if so, whether
th<  Government has the power and means, under existing
laws, to supply t>ueh reinforcements within such time as
the exigencies and necessities of the case may demand;
and whether th«  defense and protection of the United States
and their interests make it necessary and wi<e to retain
military possession of such forts, places, and other prop-
er£y* *yic«'pt at Key West and Tortugds, and to recapture
atifl-repccupy *uch others as the United States have been !
48|)rWea of by seizure or surrender, for any other purpose, i
aad i^ith a vw}w to any other end than the subjugation ana !
occupation of those States which have assumed the right
to secede from' the Union, and within whose limits such
forts and othei public property are situated; and, if s>uch
be the motives tor recapturing and holding the forts and
ot':er public property, what military force, including regu-
lars and volunteers, would be necessary to enable the Uni-
ted States to reduce the States aforesaid, and such others
as are supposed to sympathize with them, to subjection
and obedience to the laws of the Union, and to protect the
Federal capital.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr.'Clark to strike out all after the words
"United States," where they first occur, in the
following words:
" And by what number of men each is garrisoned and held,
and whether reinforcement1? are necessary to retain the
same ; and if so, whether the Government has power and
means, under existing laws, to supply such reinforcements
within such time as the exigencies and necessities of the
case may demand; and whether the defense and protec-
tection of the United States and their interests make it
necessarry and wise to retain military possession of such
forts, places, and other property, except at Key West and
Tortugas, and to recapture and reoccupy sucli others as the
United States, have been deprived of by seizure or sur-
rend. r, for any other purpose, and with a view to any other
end than the subjugation and occupation of those States
which have assumed the right to secede from the Union,
and within whose limits such lorts and othnr public prop-
erty are situated ; and, if such be the motives lor recap-
turing and holding the forts and other public property, what
militaiy force, including regulars and volunteers, would
be necessary to enable the United States to reduce the
States afore-aid, and such others as are supposed to sym-
pathize with them, to subjection and obedience to the
laws of the Union, and to piotect the Federal capital.
Mr. BAYARD. Mi*. President, suppose the
people of the soceded States have exaggerated the
dangers to their security and welfare which would
arise from the administration of the common Gov-
ernment on the accession of a party whose senti-
ment is hostility to their institutions, and whose
leading idea, if practically carried out, would in-
evitably subvert them: yet it cannot be ^doubted
that the act of secession in every State has been
the act of an organized and independent com-
munity, and that the people of those communi-
ties have by their large majorities evinced singular
unanimity of opinion; far greater unanimity of
opinion than existed in the people of this coun-
try at the time when our ancestors declared their
independence of Great Britain. It is a change
of Government by the consent of the governed,
by, the direct appeal to the people of each State
in whom the ultimate sovereignty rests; revolu-
tionary, because it breaks the compact with the
other States by which the common Government
was created; but a revolution by the collective
action of communities. It is an accomplished
revolution. Nor ought the fact to he unheeded
that they have organized a separate common
Government, and desire that their separation from
the Federal Union may be on terms of amity and
peace, and that they are ready to treat for the
equitable and fair settlement of all questions which
might lead to conflict between the two Republics.
I have endeavoied to show that the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
the requisite authority, under the treaty-making
power, and that there is danger that war will
ensue if that power is not exercised
There are three questions which require settle-
ment between these Republics: the division of
common property, the adjustment of common
liabilities, and provisions in reference to the use
of coterminous streams. I might add a fourth,
which would be of great importance to the Fed-
eral Union, because it would prevent and remove
one of the most probable causes of collision. I
allude to the prohibition of smuggling of mer-
chandise over an extensive and unguarded fron-
tier. By treaty it might be stipulated that, by
the laws of both nations, the attempt to smuggle
into either should be prohibited by penal sanc-
tions; and the result would be, that the sanction
of the laws of both Governments would so en-
hance the hazard that a contrabrand system would
never be adopted, and the mere casual introduc-
tion of a few articles would have no relative effect
on the revenue of cither.
If you refuse to treat, Mr. President, do you
mean war ? You cannot enforce the laws of the
United States by the coercion of the magistracy
in the seceded States, for not a solitary civil of-
ficer, acting under the authority of the Federal
Government, remains within those States. I trust
that I have established that it was never in the
contemplation of the Constitution to execute its
laws by the military or naval forces as a pumary
power, but that they were merely to be used as
subsidiary powers in aid of the civil power. But
if the relations between these two Republics are
left in their present unsettled condition, the dan-
ger of collision must be constantly existent. There
is the loss also of prestige on the part of the Fed-
eial Government, if you assert your jurisdiction
over the seceded States, and do not enforce your
laws. In fact, non-action would amount to a
virtual acknowledgment of the independence de
facto of those States. Why not acknowledge it
by treaty, by direct action, and thus avoid col-
lision? Foreign Governments will so act if you
do not, and thus complicate the relations between
the two Republics.
But, sir, it cannot be doubted that war will be
the inevitable result if the Army or the Navy is
employed to execute the laws of the Federal Union
within the seceded States. If you do mean war,
it is a question of morals and of power. There
is but one legitimate object for such a war, and
that is the restoration of the seceded States to the
Unjon. But you can never effect that result by
a war of subjugation. Is it consistent with your
form of government, if you could succeed in con-
quering those States, to hold them as subject
provinces? You must either desolate them, if
you succeed, or you must maintain your suprem-
acy by an immense standing army, in order to
keep them in subjection. Look at the condition
of Venice and Austria. What myriads of troops
is Austria obliged to maintain m order to keep an
enervate people in a state of subjection against
their will ! Sir, the admiration and love of mili-
tary glory is quite as strong a passion among the
American people as with other nations. The
permanent maintenance of a large standing army
would necessarily foster and encourage that pas-
sion, and, in the end, some successful soldier
would become the military autocrat of the Re-
public, and substitute the coercion of arms for
the coercion of the magistracy, because the char-
acter of the people, under a war of one or two
generations, would change, and the love of civil
liberty that now exists throughout this nation
would be seriously diminished, or, perhaps, en-
tirely pass away. Ponder, too, Mr. President
and Senators, upon the advice of the great Ham-
ilton, that in a common Government, existing
over separate and independent communities, it is
futile to expect the maintenance of that Govern-
ment by the coercion of arms. The experience
of history is entirely against such action. But,
Senators, you cannot conquer the South any more
ihan the South could conquer the North. The
firstattemptat conquest would, of necessity, from
the cause of contest, force other slaveholdmg
States into the southern confederacy,and thisnew
republic, as it stands, has both the wealth and
population to maintain a national existence. It
would be no short war. The result of war, too,
is always doubtful, and far beyond human fore-
sight. Accident will often determine a decisive
battle. The individual genius of leaders controls
the events of war far beyond any control that can
be exercised by human genius during a state of
peace. The genius of Andrew Jackson secured
the victory of New Orleans. Under another,
though an able soldier, it might have been lost.
The majority of numbers and resources will not
insure success in war. On the plamsofMarathon,
ten thousand Greeks defeated the countless hosts
of Xeixcs, and a comparatively small number of
deficiently armed Swiss mountaineers met the
mailed chivalry of Charles of Burgundy, and de-
feated, utterly and disastrously, the best armed
and organized army of Europe. Bannochburn
must not be forgotten; and history 13 filled with
similar illustrations.
Again, sir, a war of invasion—which, if the war
commences, must be its character, if you attempt
to effect your purpose under the pretext of en-
forcing the laws—is always in favor of the invaded
country. Men will fight for their homes and their
firesides as they will not fight for conquest, and
will endure the utmost extent of privation and
suffering, rather than yield to the invader; and
disparity of force never insures the conquest of an
invaded country. You have the illustration in
your own contest with Great Britain. The rela-
tive power in wealth and armed organization of
England in relation to her colonies, at the time of
our Revolution, was far greater than the relative
power of the northern States of this Union would
be as against the southern republic, even without
