1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
supposing that other States—which must inevit-
ably occur—would be drawn into the conflict.
Great Britain might possibly, under abler mili-
tary men, have succeeded for the time; but after
the first blood was shecf, she never could have
retained her supremacy over this country. Con-
ciliation might have saved her the colonies in the
first instance, before independence was declared,
but after its declaration, the acknowledgment of j
their independence became an inevitable icsult,
and was merely a question of time.
I trust the idea that it would be a legitimate act
on the part of the Federal Government, for the
purpose of effecting their subjugation, to incite
servile insurrection in the States of this new re-
public^ is not entertained. The act would be for-
bidden by common humanity and the indignant
voice of the world. But if the spirit of malignity
entertain such an idea, it will be disappointed.
Servile insunections may occur, and. have oc-
curred in the history of the world; but not at the
call of an invader. Your own wars with Great
Britain, in the Revolution and in 1812, illustrates
this. When the groat army of .Yapofeon invaded
Russia, though the mass of her population were
bondmen, the serf and the noble fought side by
side. Their sacrifices, according to their condi-
tion, were equal. They equally displayed their
loyalty to their country, and united with the same
determined energy in resisting the invader.
Is there, Mr. President, a point of honor? The
Union is not dissolved if we let these States go.
The United States remain; the Federal Govern-
ment remains. We arc a great and powerful na-
tion. Part of the dominions over which our laws
extended may be curtailed, and our jurisdiction
over them lost, but we remain with all the ele-
ments of a great nation, if we acknowledge the
new republic. But it may be said that, if wc
sever in consequence of this* secession, arising
from the arm-slavery sentiment, into two separate
governments, the same sentiment will ptoduce
collision between the independent governments
by the same action and interference which has
fed to secession from the common Government.
The answer is, that the anti-slavery sentiment,
with the masses at least, is an honest, though, as
{ think, a mistaken conviction, founded in ignor-
ance of the relations of race. They believe, also,
that there is a moral responsibility on their part
connected with the operations of the common
Government, in relation to this institution. That
responsibility ceases if this new republic is ac-
knowledged as a separate nationality. We live
on terms of amity with Spain and with Brazil.
I have never yet heard that any organization has
been made in any portion of this country in order
to affect the relations between master and slave
in Cuba or Biazil. You satisfy entirely the hon-
est opinion as to moral responsibility for the ex-
istence of slavery as an institution byseparation;
and that opinion, whatever may have been the
effect of political causes and individual ambition
in fostering or increasing it, has led to the dis-
integration of this Union.
Mr. President, if so many separate and inde-
pendent communities existing under a common
Government finding that, from dissonance of hab-
its, of manners, of customs, or from antagonism
of opinion, orany other cause, they can no longer
remain under that common Government, can agree
by peaceful action to separate into two republics,
each pursuing its own destiny according to its
own views and the will of its own people, it
will afford the most pregnant and conclusive evi-
dence that has ever been exhibited to the world of
the capacity of man for self-government. If, on
the contrary, blood must flow, and war, pro-
longed civil war, be consequent upon separation,
then, indeed, will the columns that support this
Federal Government be scattered into fragments,
and probably many petty and powerless govern-
ments arise upon their ruins. Years of conflict
may establish separate nationalities, but in that
event the last hope of the patriot, the philosopher,
and the statesman, for the self-governmentofman,
will perish with the dissolution of the Federal
Union.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am strongly
impressed with the idea that I ought not to min-
gle in this debate; and I would not but for one
consideration, and that is, I cannot help it. I hope
the Senate will accept that as a sufficient apology,
and allow me to make a few comments upon the
resolution before the Senate, and upon some things
which have been urged in supportof it,andwhich
have been said during the debate upon it.
. I am opposed to the passage of this resolution,
Mr. President; and, for the first reason, because
it seems to me that, so far, at least, as the mover
of the resolution is concerned, it is wholly unne-
cessary. So far as I could judge from the argu-
ment by which he supported the resolution, he
seemed to have himself nearly or quite all the in-
formation he sought to obtain under the resolu-
tion. It seems to me, therefore, unnecessary to
pass this resolution, and thereby to call upon the
Secretary of War for the information specified in
it, because the Senator himself seems to have it.
That is one reason why I oppose the passage of
the resolution.
I oppose it also, for the reason that I am not
entirely sure that the Secretary of War himself
has the information. It is but a very short time
since he entered upon the duties of his office, and
I am not at all certain that lie is prepared to com-
municate to the Senate all that minute informa-
tion which this resolution calls for. I do not
undertake to say that he is not prepared to do it;
but it would not be very remarkable if he were
not. And it is a little peculiar, perhaps, that this
information, varied as it seems to be by the terms
of the resolution, should be called for in the very
mormngof this Administration, and should never
have been sought for during the life of the late
Administration.
I am opposed to the passage of the resolution
for another reason. I am not entirely convinced
of the wisdom of giving to the country the intel-
ligence which this resolution demands. It is said
the condition of the country is critical; it is said
that we are surrounded by dangers. I know the
country, in many portions of it, is much alarmed.
1 do not undertake to know, or to say myself,
how serious the danger is. That there is some—
too much—I admit. It is said that the danger is
no less imposing than thatof a public enemy con-
fronting us, a hostile nation threatening us; and
the debate assumes that the great question before
this country is whether we are to have war or
peace.
Now I am not prepared to admit, if there be
any possible contingency in which war may be
thrust upon us, that it is wise, that it is prudent,
to give to the public, to the country, to the world,
to our own friends, and to ourenemies if we have
them, the very minute information which this
resolution calls for. If we have a public enemy
confronting us, I doubt if it be the part of wisdom,
of good, sound, solid statesmanship, to publish to
them, and for their information, just what forts
we have m ourpossession, and by what force we
hold them, and how much additional force may be
necessary m order to retain ourpossession of them;
what numbers of men, whatsums of money, will
be required. I believe this course is not usual.
I am told that during the late Administration
sucii intelligence as that was very freely imparted;
but I believe they had so much regard to appear-
ances that they did not communicate it publicly.
I believe the information was communicated pri-
vately, if at all; and I do not think we need un-
dertake to better the instructions they gave us, to he
more liberal to ourenemies, if we have them, than
that Administration was. It may be judicious
for us to confine this knowledge to ourselves if
we really have it.
Sir, while I doubt the wisdom of communicating
this intelligence to our enemies, I am not entirely
sure that it is wise or prudent to communicate it
to our friends. The Government of the United
States has friends. The people of the United
States are not all our enemies. Four years ago
we did not hear any of this talk. Four years ago,
or thereabouts, the people of the United States,
with a very generous confidence, committed the
administration of their Government to a President
and to his constitutional advisers, and to the na-
tional Legislature, one department of which has
just retired, and a part of the legislative portion.
The country committed to the guidance of that
Administration, at that time had a respectable
position among the nationalities of the world, if I
remember aught. It had a f.ur standing among
the nations of the earth. It was looked up to with
some respect by the people of other countries and
by ourselves. Its authority was not questioned
at home; it was not braved abroad. INo Power
presumed to brave its arms; no Power presumed
to insult its flag. It is said, now, that there is a
nationality, there is a government, whlchbraVes
and defies it; that it sprang from ourselves, a rjb
of our own, taken from 'us during what "horrid
sleep I know not. It is said, so potent, so pbiy-
erful is that government, that the Senator from.
Illinois suggests to us it would require not less
than two hundred and eighty-five thousand men,
I think, to enforce the laws of this country in that
portion of this country which that government
assumes to command and to control. ~
How happened this? That is a question which
the people of the United States are putting" to
themselves to-day, and have been for many days.
It is a very strange event. They are greatly dis-
turbed about it. They are getting very curious
to know how it all happened. I do believe, sir,
to-day, they suspect very grievously that they
have not been fairly dealt by. I say they are
putting this question to themselves and to each
other, to-day, How happened it? and-1 do not
think we had better hurry up the answer to that
interrogatory. When a people, a great people,
and a much trusting people, like the people of
the United States, stretch their nostrils over the.
scent of official treachery, it is not a good time to
parade it. Treason had better get to its covers*
its knights had better shun public paths and keep
to the by-ways, and it may be very prudent for
them to ride with their visors down. I do not
think it exceedingly judicious, therefore, to pub-
lish this information,at this time, to our-enemies,
and I do not think it quite prudent to tell it so
early to our friends; I am afraid their nerves are
not prepared to hear it; and, therefore, I am op-
posed to the passage of this resolution.
But I should not have troubled the Senate
with these remarks, or with any remarks, if my
only purpose had been to oppose the passage of
the resolution. I confessthat I am not more op-
posed to the resolution itself than I am to very
much of the argument by which it has been sus-
tained. I did not like the argument which was
submitted to the Senate and to the country by
the Senator from Illinois who introduced the res-
olution. I say this, sir, with a great deal of diffi-
dence. No one knows better than myself how
much deference is due from "one so new and un-
tried in public affairs as myself, to the judgment"
of one so tried and so skilled as the Senator from
Illinois. Nevertheless, we have scarcely a pre-
cedent for the events which now surround us and
are transpiring before our eyes; and I am not
quite sure but that, in political affairs, as in other
affairs, it sometimes happens thatone's intuitions
are about as safe to follow as the most carefully-
studied lessons.
I certainly did regret to hear a great many
things contained in the speech of the Senator from
Illinois; and I regretted as much to hear some
things which have been uttered since that speech
was delivered. I wish to note this peculiarity
and this characteristic attending them all: there
is a general, a studied, a deliberate dwarfing:and
belittling of the Government of the United States
and of the people of the United States. We hear
every day that this thing cannot be done*, that
the nation is not equal to this emergency, to that
enterprise, to the other endeavor; you must sur-
render that post, you cannot hold it; you must
abandon that section, you are notstrong enough to
stay there; it is within your own jurisdiction, but
you have not force enough to hold it. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky remarked to us, a few days
ago, "You must abandon all the States which
abjure the authority of this nation." Why? Be-
cause you have not force enough to maintain your
authority there, and not enough to do more than
to irritate the people there! It does seem to me
that this is strange language to be used by the
representatives of the people of the United States,
here or elsewhere. It would do for our enemies
to say such things. I hardly think—and I say it
with the utmost respect—that it is becoming in
our friends to say these things. We have not
been accustomed to hear them. Our notion has
been, heretofore, that the authorityof the United
States extended to its utmost limits, and that the
power of the United States was sufficient to de-
fend its authority anywhere within those limits,
and was quite equal to sustaining it against any
nationality or any Power in the world. Thathas
been our attitude heretofore; that ha,s been, the
