534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
complaints of South Carolina and the colonies,
and sustains it by asserting that the northern
States, "having the majority in Congress, claim
the same power of omnipotence in legislation as
the British Parliament"—the " general welfare"
being the only limit to tKe legislation of either;
that the southern States ave taxed for the benefit
of the North, and that the representation of the
southern States in Congress is useless to protect
them against taxation. It also complains that, for
the last forty years, the people of the South have
been taxed by duties on imports, not for revenue,
but for an object inconsistent with revenue—to
promote, by prohibitions, northern interests, in
the promotion of their mines and manufactures;
and that of the taxes collected from them, three
fourths are expended at the North, thus impover-
ishing the former and enriching the latter. This
exhausts one branch of the argument. To all
which it may be answered—
First. That the Constitution, so far from being
overthrown, has been administered upon sub-
stantially the same principles, "making due al-
lowance for the imperfection and errors incident
to all human affairs," from the organization of
the Government to the present time. During it,
the Supreme Court has changed less frequently
than any other department of the Government;
and for many years a majority of its judges have
been from the southern States. The tendency of
its decisions, also, has, within the last thirty
years, been more and more narrowing down to-
wards the standard of the South Carolina school,
as is known by every student of our politics. Be-
sides, the general legislation of the country has
been closely confined, and in repeated instances
has been nullified, by the interposition of the ex-
ecutive power, which has, without material excep-
tion, been in the hands, or under the control, of
the southern States.
Sccond. The attempted parallel fiils, because the
colonic.1! were not represented in Parliament; and
the southern States are represented in Congress
precisely in proportion to their chums and 111 ac-
cordance with the provisions of the Constitution
ratified by all and binding all. It fails, also, he-
cause the British Parliament is omnipotent; and
the Congress is limited, as all admit, by the grants
of the Constitution, which the Supreme Coui t has
interpreted with much severity and uniformity.
Neither is the parallel more happy as to results
than as to thcprinciplc; for, although it is asserted
that the " representation of the southern States is
useless to protect them against taxation,"! chal-
lenge any one to point out a casein which a meas-
ure of taxation has been resisted by the South
and enforced by the North. There is no such ease.
But if thi'Vo were, it would notnecessaiily relieve
the southern States from their allegiance; for, to
be justified, they must be able to point out an
" intolerable abuse." That is impossible. The
claimed parallelism not existing, it is easy to see
wherein the two parlies essentially differ. The
colonists planted themselves upon their principle,
without regard to the amount; the South Car-
olinians, chiejhi upon the amount, subordinately
upon the principle, and eironeously upon both.
Third. The allusion to the tariff question is
wisely restricted to the last forty years, since,
prior to that time, South Carolina Representatives
voted for protective tariffs. Mr. Calhoun made
an able speech, in this House, 111 favor of the tariff
act of 1816; and South Carolina and other south-
ern members supported it against the protest of
New England. Neither is this the complaint
which the people of the South can make, for they
have never been united in favor of a purely reve-
nue tarill. No protective tariff bill ever passed
without southern support; and that of 1842, which
had a majority of but one vote in each House,
received thirteen southern votes in the Housc*and
five in the Senate/f The tariff policy was inau-
gurated under W ashington, and has continued
with various modifications up to the present time;
and it is a remarkable, and for the authors of the
address a humiliating tact, that the present tariff
'Yeas—Messrs. Iloclney, ofDeiaw
e; Kennedy, Penree.
Randall, ami.Soller?, of Maiylanrt; Barton, I'tmcil, ami
Taji.iferio, of Vnsumi; Amhuw-, Mavi -, and Pupc.of Ken-
tucky; Joseph J,. William-!, ol Temiess.ee; and Moore, of
Louisiana—-13. Total vote—yeas 101, nays ion.
fVka.!—Me.s^i-'. Bayanl, of Delaware; Orittenilcn arid
Mooreliead, of Kentucky ; Conrad and Burrow, of Louis-
iana—Total vole—year. . nays "-'I.
law was voted for by the whole South Carolina
delegation in Congress, of whom one is known
to have declared himself opposed to all tariffs,
revenue or protective, and in favor of direct tax-
ation. Furthermore, for the last fourteen years,
the changes in our tariff system have been from
o'ne reduction to another, and complaint is less
justified on this point now than at any former
period. Besides, it is not true that northern in-
terests have been solely protected by our tariffs;
for in all, the southern interests of sugar, tobacco,
and hemp, to say nothing of the iron interest of
the South, have been largely protected. Thus
this petulant complaint disappears—being, if an
offense, not exclusively a northern one; if a ben-
efit to any interests, not exclusively to northern.
Fourth. It is complaincd that the taxes col-
lected among them are not expended amongthem.
I have no means of knowing what amount of
money has been expended by Government for
various purposes in the southern States; but I do
not recall a single instance in which aid was re-
fused to an important work because located in a
southern State. As to the fortifications erected
by Government, most of which are now in the
possession of seceding States, a report made a few
years ago showed that $13,366,000 had been ex-
pended upon them; and it is known that these
works were completed and strengthened, others
commenccd,and that in the last three years large
sums have been spent upon public buildings in
Charleston, New Orleans, and other southern
cities. As to the other phases of this petty com-
plaint, I commend attention to the subjoined ex-
tract from a speech made in the convention of
South Carolina:
t; When we complain in the ablegate, 01 ingencial terms,
when we say that the grievance of South'Caiolma an;
found in the fact that thr Tioa>ury h.w boon depleted by
illegal mcan.s, and in undue proportion adniiiu-tenui to the
North, I question whether we are quite sale in alleging
Unit us .i giiov.mce of South Carolina, without (/uahiiea-
tion Time has been an unUithiul execution of the Con-
stitution on the pait of its own genCMl agent in that re-
spect. But let us not foiget to conies* the tiuth undei
any and all oiu-umetanoe*. What have we ouiselvcsborn
doing? And in the city oi Chat lesion, too, wheie have
you bought youi supplies, and with whom do you trade?
Wheio has the gic.it hiiiplus of your money been necet-s.i-
iily.pent? Wheie has it go le to? Has it not gone to
these people who have ; revived the Federal money? Gov-
erhment and individual-, have sought the same "market.
Why? ttecnuso nobody ot-e could furnish the. articles
each wanted. Can you >ay,thuiefore, that the Fedral Gov-
ernment is to be blamed for spending a Iaige amount of
money in the non-slaveholding States ? Where was the
Federal Government obliged to get its ncce^ary support
for the Army and Navy? Wheie could the Federal Gov-
ernment till up the ranks of Us Annv and Navy? Will jou
not allow the Government to buy of its own citizens, as we
have all done ? If by the cunning of these men in the non-
slavehoidmg States they have been able to present to the
Government inducements to obtain their supplies, can we
complain? Where else could they have been pioeuied ?
So far, the Government ha-, been obliged to spend its money
among the people oi the North and Northwest for bacon,
laid, and all the supplies ot tho Aimy and Navy. I submit
these views for the puipn^eof drawing the attention of the
convention to the fuet that we may go too iar in this doc-
ument, ami use assertions too «tiong."
Their last grievance has reference to the slave
question While complaining of the congressional
prohibition of slavery from the Territories—a
policy inaugurated by the consent of Virginia and
other slaveholding Slates, at the beginning of the
Government, and now only contemplated to a
limited extent by any party—the address charges
that the purpose of the Republican party is, the
interference with slavery in Ike slaveholding States;
a complaint also prospective, but made in spite
of the distinct and emphatic declarations to the
contrary, in the Chicago platform, and by Re-
publicans everywhere. Indeed, it is safe to say,
that the Republican members of Congress will
consent, with substantial unanimity, to initiate
pioceedings by which such a prohibition shall
be inserted in the Constitution, should it appear
that this complaint is sincerely, and not hypo-
critically made. The declaration of independence
of South Carolina touches this subject in detail,
alleging:
First. That the laws of the General Government
fail to make effective and valuable the fugitive
clause of the Constitution. °
Second. That fifteen States have enacted laws
which either nullify the laws of Congiosa or
prevent their execution.
Third. That Mr. Lincoln has been chosen Pres-
ident.
Fourth. That certain States have elevated to
citizenship certain persons who, by the supremo
law of the )and, are incapable of becoming citi-
zens.
Fifth. That after the 4th of March next, the
equal rights of the States will be lost, and the
slaveholding States will no longer have the power
of self-preservation.
To all these it is easily answered:
In not a single case has the fugitive slave law
been rendered inoperative; butin every case it has
been executed, and generally without disorder;
that it has been more faithfully executed than cer-
tain corresponding laws in the southern States;
and that in no case has an alleged slave escaped
except when adjudged free by the-commissioner.
That the legislation of the fifteen States named
proves the imputations cast upon them false; or if
they have the appearance of truth, there is no
reason to doubt that the laws will be revised, and
placed in proper shape; but if this were not so,
there is a remedy for the case in the Union, and
under the Constitution. That the election of an
adverse President has always hitherto been peace-
fully acquiesced in by those now victorious; that
the mere election is not an offense; that the opin-
ions of the President elect ave grossly misrepre-
sented and perverted in the State papers before
named; that if disposed, he could not do what irj
wrongfully attributed to him; and that, as the
next Congress would be constituted, the President
would be powerless to control legislation. That
the question of citizenship is one of constitutional
law, which tribunals have been specially erected
to decide. And that the last complaint is a pre-
diction—not a fact—a prediction not founded on
a true statement of past or present occurrences,
and with no probability or possibility of realiza-
tion.
Such are their proclaimed grievances and com-
plaints; such also, in brief, the facts which prove
them groundless; or, if to any extent real, reme-
diable within the Union. Never did rebel people
so flimsily justify themselves. It would be won-
derful if any one believed their reasons satis-
factory or defending so grave a step. Indeed, I
think it demonstrable that the members of the
convention felt the weakness of the statements
and their cause. In the debate upon the declara-
tion, Mr. Maxcy Giegs objected that it was silent
on the tariff and the unauthorized expenditures
ofGovernment, while it laid " the main stress upon
the incomparably unimportant point relative to
fugitive slaves/'and the laws of northern States
in relatton thereto. He further protested against
weakening their cause by " confining themselves
to these miserable fugitive slave laws." Mr. Keitt,
defending the address and its omission of the
tariff, reminded Mr. Gregg that all of South Car-
olina's Representatives in Congress had voted for
the present tariff 1 With regard to the fugitive
slave law, of whose non-execution complaint is
made, Mr. Keitt said he had " very great doubts,
about the propriety of the fugitive slave law;"
and Mr. Rhett said he had doubt of its constitu-
tionality,and had expressed it when a member of
the Senate. Touching the (so-called) "personal
liberty bills," Mr. Wardlaw thought the stress
laid upon them gave the address " too much the
appearance of special pleading." Judge Withers
intimated very distinctly that the causes stated
were not sufficient to secure his name to the aet
of secession; but he signed it by reason of other
causes, not stated, which were controlling.
Looking over the proceedings of the convention
and the Legislature, I can find but tho following
additional causes stated anywhere; and i present
them, so as to make their case complete. One is
named in the report of a committee of the Senate
of the State, namely: that the people of the slave-
holding States pay two thirds of the revenue of
the country. In tlie same spirit, the Mayor of
New York, in his late message, claims for that
city that it "contributes in revenue two thirds of
the expenses of the United States." These two
self-exaggerating authorities thus account for
one third more revenue than is received, and re-
lieve the bulk of the population of the country
fiom all agency in supporting the Government.
Another is stated by Judge Withers, and is to
the effect that a jury in Pennsylvania, about thir-
teen years ago, failed to find a true verdict m a
ease of death arising out of the recapture of slaves.
And another he states thus, in his report from the
committee on the relations of the slaveholding
