1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move that the res-
olution be postponed until Monday next, at two
o'clock. I make that motion for the purpose of
making a single observation. It is quite evident
that it is the purpose of the majority of the Sen-
ate to change the officers of this body. I desire
to call attention to the fact that a new era is about
to be inaugurated in this respect. During the four
years, sir,~that I occupied the chair in which you
now sit, although, under the law, removals might
be made by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the ap-
proval of the Presiding Officer, I think but one
removal was made, and that because the individ-
ual had been guilty of an act of dishonesty. I
will add that, although I have had a good deal of
intercourse with some of the subordinate officers
of the Senate, (and they are numerous,) I never
did know, and do not know to-day, what their
political opinions are, except two or three. I
believe that the gentleman who has been for
twenty-five years the Secretary of this body has
differed during the greater portion of that time in
political opinion from the majority on.this floor,
and he has passed through all the fluctuations of
party untouched. In regard to the clerks at your
desk, how many Senators here know what their
politics are? I do not; and I presume very few
of us do. So with most of the officers of the
Senate.
But now, m violation of the usage whjch has
uniformly prevailed here, so far as 1 know—and
if 1 am wrong, Senators of more experience will
correct me—atan executive session, upon the eve
of our adjournment, a general sweep is to be made
(for it will be a general sweep, that is well under-
stood) of your subordinates, many of whom will
be left in actual destitution. I say, sir, it is but
just, it is but fair, if you intend to change the
usage of the Senate in this respect, that you should
at least give them the period between this time
and the regular assembling of Congress to look
forward and make provision for some other means
of subsistence for themselves and their families,
when the Senate will be full, and when a fair ex-
pression of its wish can be had. If this resolu-
tion passes, it will be, of course, in pursuance of
a system of giving political rewards for partisan
services, which I know has prevailed but to too
great an extent among all parties in this country,
and which now invades the Senate, 1 believe, for
the first time—a flagitious and miscluevoussystem
that will ultimately break down any Government
on earth. For one, I will not consent to cooper-
ate in any manner, under existing circumstances,
in removing at this time the officers of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. 1 sympathize with a great deal
that has been said by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. 1 know that the course of the Senate
hi regard to its officers, both in the Clerk's depart-
ment and in that of the Sergeant-at-Arms, has
been conservative from the first; but it has not
been without exception. There has been a Sec-
retary of the Senate removed once, and there has
been a Seigeant-at-Arms removed once, m its
history; and those are the only important officers
that I know of who have been removed. The
genera! course of the Senate has been what the
Senator from Kentucky iias indicated, and it is a
course which I hope will be continued and ad-
hered to. I think the Senate is safe in one of its
standing orders that was introduced, I think, on
the motion of an honorable Senator from Virginia
not now in his seat, [Mr. Mason,] that neither
the Secretary nor the Sergeant-at-Arms could
make any change in his subordinates without
filing his reasons, in writing, with the Vice
President, and they being approved by him, if the
Senate were in session; or, if the Senate are not
in session, he can remove for cause, and file his
reasons in writing with the Vice President at the
commencement of the next session. I do not
think the Senator from Kentucky has a right to
infer that there is to be a general sweep in the
subordinate officers of the Senate from the fact
that the majority on this side of the Chamber
have seen fit, for purposes moving them, to pro-
pose a change in the office of Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate. I have a single word to say in
regard to that officer. His treatment of me has
been all that I had a right to expect of him,
though I shall say that my expectations, as you
well know, are of the humblest kind; but still
they have always been gracefully met by that
officer.
But, sir, I simply rose to say that Ido not think
the Senator from Kentucky, or anybody else,has
a right—of course, the Senator knows I mean that
word in its proper meaning in this connection—
to infer, from the fact that the Senate indicate a
purpose to elect a Sergeant-at-Arms, that they
propose an indiscriminate removal of all the sub-
ordinate officers of the Senate. I am free to say
that, for one, 1 should be exceedingly sorry to
see that done. It would not be strange if, during
the many years that the Senate has been organ-
ized, with the course that has been adopted, as
indicated by the Senator from Kentucky, the list
of subordinates should require a little examina-
tion and a little supervision. It may have been,
in the course of this long time, that abuses have
crept in. I am told there are some. I hope, if
there are any, they will be corrected, and I hope
that faithful and efficient subordinates, who have
performed their duty faithfully and courteously
and honorably, will be let alone. I am told that
abuses of this sort have crept into the Senate;
that we have officers whom we are paying by the
month, and paying pretty liberally, who are in
distant portions of the country, and that their
duties are performed by subordinates who receive
but a very small part of what the actual nay is.
I do not know that that is the fact; but I have
been told that it is.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator
allow me? I have no knowledge that such is the
fact. If such was the fact, during the period while
I was PresidingOfficer of this body, and it had
been communicated to me, I should have insisted
on the removal of such person.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that such is the
fact, and I do not state it on my knowledge or
authority; but I do state it on my belief, because
it has come to me; and I may mention a fact to
show a notion that has prevailed in this city, in
regard to the manner in which the patronage of
the House of Representatives and Senate has been
distributed. A lady came to me to solicit my
influence with the Doorkeeper of the House of
Representatives. She claimed to be the daughter
ana granddaughter both of officers in the Army,
who had served their country and h id claims upon
it, and she wanted them recognized. Of course,
1 hstended to the appeal patiently, and, I trust,
kindly; her claim was this: she wanted to go out
into the street and get some boy, no matter who,
and bring him in and have him appointed pa^e,
and she take half his pay, as compensation for her
ancestor's revolutionary services. [Laughter.] I
told her that, with all the disposition I had to
oblige 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me?
I will askhtm where that lady came from—which
one of the States of this Union ?
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know. I met her here
in the city. I would be willing to agree that she
came from New Hampshire or Kentucky either.
[Laughter.] But I have no knuwledge upon that
subject. I simply rose to say, with all candor,
that no gentleman has a fair and legitimate right
to claim that the Senate, by this motion to elect
a Sergeant-at-Arms, indicate an intention to make
a general and an indiscriminate removal of the
subordinate officers of the Senate. I know that
those are not niy feelings; and if they are the feel-
ings of a majority of my political friends, though
I should be loth to part with them, they will cer-
tainly not find mo aiding or helping in any such
movement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this resolution until Monday next.
Mr. BRIGHT. During my service here, which
is longer, I believe, than that of any other Sena-
tor upon the floor at present, for the last sixteen
years, I have never known an officer of this body
changed for political reasons There have been,
I believe, one or two changes for other reasons.
It has been a part of the settled policy of this
body, in its organization, in the selection and
retention of its officers, to lay their political opin-
ions aside. We are, I know, in the midst of a
revolution; a great change is going on; and I am
entirely prepared to see a change take place in
this body of officers, and shall at a proper time
assent to it; but I do not think this is a proper
time. This is a session for the transaction, legit-
imately speaking, of executive and not legislative
business. I do not mean to deny the power at
an executive session %o make changes., Theye
was one instance, I believe, where at:an execuV
tive session a change did take place;-but as. I
stated, a was for cause, not from political consid-
erations. This is a . most unexpected notice to
our faithful officers, for 1 think i can say that for
all of them. I may say, from an intimate ac-
quaintance with many of them for many years,
that, so far as I know, they an- all honest, faith-
ful men, and I suppose most of them have made
up their minds that at the opening of a regular
session they will have to. yield their places to
others of opposite political opinions. 1 think it
would be but fair and just and proper that this
measure should be postponed until the opening
of the next session, when there can be a full Sen-
ate. We now have on this side of the Chamber
but about half our regular number. At the next
session we can have a full and fair expression of
the wishes of the Senate in reference to a change.
It cannot be had at this session. I shall in no
way contribute my vote to make this change, let
others do as they may.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply w«sh to reit-
erate, perhaps in rather stronger terms, an idea
that has been advanced by the Senator from New
Hampshire. While we consider it desirable to
change the two officers who are mentioned in the
resolution, it is not designed or desired to make
anything like a general change in the minor offi-
cers, as suggested by the Senator from Indiana*
There are some who might probably be removed—
a few, not a large number. I agree with the Sen-
ator, that most of the officers are entirely accept-
able, and have been, to Senatorson this sideof the
Chamber, faithful and able, courteous and gentle-
manly. I should be exceedingly unwilling my-
self to have them removed, especially at this time.
Some of them, I should be very unwilling to have
removed at all, whatever may be their position,
i assure the Senator that while the regulation
stands as it does now—that these removals can-
not be made without the assent of the President of
the Senate—there is not much danger to be feared of
any general sweep or any very considerable sweep
of the officers of the Senate, if I understand the
sentiments of my friends on this side, at this time,
or, atany rate,untjlthecommencementofthe next
session of Congress, and even then I do not think
the danger is to be feared that is suggested by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will modify my
motion, as I believe the yeas and nays have not
been ordered, and move that this resolution be
postponed until the second Monday of December
next; I believe the vote has been taken on post-
ponement to the first Monday. I shall not trouble
the Senate any further, except to express my grat-
ification that, in all that has been said on the other
side, no defense has been offered for the proceed-
ing now about to take place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
now is to postpone the further consideration of
this resolution until the second Monday of De-
cember next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am utterly opposed to
this movement, either now or ai the next session.
So far as the political opinions of these officers are
concerned, 1 know nothing about them. From the
venerable Secretary down to the youngest page,
I have no recollection of ever having heard a re-
mark, or witnessed an act on the paitofany one
of them, by which I could infer what his political
opinions were. The only question, it seems to me,
for us to determine is, whether they are efficient
officers. It is a matter of great convenience to the
Senate as a body, and to indn idual S< nators, that
these duties should be well discharged; hut as no
man would think of removing his family physician
who suited hun, merely because somebody else
wanted to practice in his family; as he would look,
in other words, to lus own personal convenience,
so, it seems uu-, the Senate ought to look to its
convenience. If we have faithful officers, who are
discharging their duties well, why should we not
continue them ?
I know there is a great press for office. I have
no doubt that men who came here m search of
foreign missions, failing to get tht m, would like
to get the places of Sergeant-at-Arms and of As-
sistant Doorkeeper, or some subordinate place. I
suppose it will turn out before the end, that, as
was said on a former occasion, some of them w.il
want to get the old clothes of thu President.
