1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
States. The dissatisfaction with the Government
is not attributable to "anything in its structure,
but to the false glosses and dangerous misinter-
pretations and perversion of sundry of its provis-
ions, even to the extent, in one particular, of so
covering up the real purposes of certain legisla-
tion (meant to protect domestic manufactures
in one section) as to estop the Supreme Court, in
its opinion, from judicially perceiving its real
design."
This completes the "dreary catalogue," as
made by the champions of disunion. How piti-
ful the list! But it was the best possible. Not
one has the ring of reality; not one will bear the
test of fact. Several members expressed dis-
satisfaction with the papers; but none could
strengthen them, and they were adopted. Thus
they stand upon the page of history, challenging
criticism and judgment, being as remarkable for
sophistry in argument as inaccuracy in statement.
"What the verdiet of mankind will be, who can
doubt upon reading this paragraph from the speech
of Judge Withers, uttered immediately before
signing the ordinance of secession:
"I think if every member of the convention should draw
up an indictment against the people of the unfaithful con-
tedeiaie States, and you might have any number of ad-
dresses upon that subject, j/au wouldprobablyjind no two very
nearly altke. Since, therefore, every one's ta>te and,judg-
ment cannot be answered, if there be no substantial objec-
tion to the addresses beloie us, as ! think theie is not, it is
proper to vote l'oi them, and f shall do so."
Surely, those grievances cannot be very actual
or well defined which no two of one hundred and
fifty-five members of a convention elected for the
purpose did or could agree instating. Such con-
fession is, itself, complete as an arraignment and
condemnation of South Carolina, and a defense
of the Government sought to be overthrown.
I turn willingly from this mortifying exhibition
of maddened men seeking to pull down the pillars
of the Republic. 1 say maddened, for what else
induced this passage in their address?
" it h now too late to refoi m or restore the Government
of the United States. All confidence in the Noith is lost
in the South. The faithlessness of half a century has opened
a gulf of separation between them which no promises oi
engagements can fill."
Thus has South Carolina shut the door against
reconciliation, asserted independence, and begun
the attempt to establish, upon reactionary princi-
ples',''a new government, with a basis antagonizing
it to all European Powers, whose recognition they
expect to purchase by promises of profitable trade.
Let us, for the sake of the past, if not the possi-
ble future, and more in sorrow than in anger,
screen from further view the petulance, prejudice,
and hatred, the unholy ambition and headlong
desperation of the present masters of South Caro-
lina, whose is the anomalous position of having
complaints without foundation, grievances with-
out actuality, suffering without wounds, oppres-
sion without burdens, and apprehensions with-
out reason.
The other seceding States, wisely profiting by
the example of South Carolina, held their con-
ventions with closed doors—having published no
report of the debates on the adoption of their or-
dinances of secession—and have, prudently, re-
frained from attempting to give a detailed state-
ment of their grievances. This, also, is significant.
Every step in this treasonable movement betrays
the conscious guilt of its participants.
its inevitable failure.
As, Mr. Speaker, I have thought of the possi-
ble destruction of this Union, and forecasted the
manifold and terrible afflictions which must en-
sue, I have been overwhelmed withdismayat the
depth and darkness of the abyss toward whose
brink we have been tending. It is unfathomed
and unfathomable. By none of us or ours be the
attempted measurement ever made! But will this
calamity overtake us? I hope—yea, 1 believe, it
will not.
Such self-destruction is in the highest degree
unnatural and criminal. It is not only violative
of every instinct, but destructive of every valua-
ble interest, immediate and prospective. Not only
would dissolution result in several subdivisions,
with endless complications, each a fruitful source
of irritation; notonly would it subject the weaker
to the stronger, and open us to the demoralizing i
diplomacy of the contending factions, families. !
and houses of Europe, thus committing a ciime ]
against republicanism; but it would destroy Amer- i
ican unity, which is one of the great facts of his-
tory; thus committing a crime against humanity.
All races feel this yearning for union; and many
have strugglingly, and for years vainly, sought it.
To us it came early and without difficulty, for
we encountered few or no disturbing causes; and
hence we value it too lightly. "What the home-
feeling is to the individual, national unity is to a
people. The former unlocks his soul, leads him
in paths of perennial beauty, fills him with noble
emotions, and fits him for higher life. The latter,
by a mysterious but powerful attraction, clasping
in brotherhood those who are one in lineage and
language, consolidates their energies, intensifies
their puwers, multiplies theircapacities,and drives
them, with ever-renewing vigor, to the fulfillment
of their mission. Tyrants cannot crush this.
Even Napoleon, in the pride of his powerand the
flush of brilliant victory—his heel on the neck of
nationalities whose empires he had mastered—
could not reconstruct the map of Europe. Ages
cannot dim it; forat this moment the world thrills
with the spectacle of the long-lost Italian nation
reasserting its unity, and, after weary and fearful
oppression, gathering up its life-elements for con-
solidation into a libeial and powerful government.
How differently we appear! The events trans-
piring on our Gulf coast proclaim a revolution
threatened without just or adequate cause, notso
much by open as secret means; not in a spirit of
thoughfulness, but madness; not in deliberation,
but rashness; not in manliness, but covertness;its
purpose to disunite men of one race long united
under the freest and best institutions, enjoying
and having enjoyed unequaled civil, political, so-
cial, family, and personal blessings. Can such a
movement, thus initiated, carried on, and aimed,
be successful5 Surely, no. it contains withfft
itself the causes of inevitable failure. It ough t to
fail. It will fail. Mankind cannot afford irs suc-
cess. The American people will not allow it.
God (I speak it with reverence) will not permit
the sacrilegious overthrow. Every instinct revolts
at it. Every principle rebels against it. Every in-
terest cries aloud in earnest protest. States may
reel and fall; communities may forget their duties;
majorities may be misled; citizens may neglect
their trust; folly, terrorism, and treason, may rule
the hour; but the storm will pass, the calm come,
and peace he again within our borders. Xt may
not be very soon. The virus is not thus easily
expelled from the body-politic. Blows are notso
soon forgotten. Gashes do not at once heal up;
and when they do, scars are left. But this much
is certain: this Union will not be destroyed.
Youask, what will save it? 1 answer: that ever-liv-
ing, ever-thinking mass—the people—will save
it. But how? Through the agencies within their
reach—their popular assemblies, and the myriad
forms of their organized life; their local Legisla-
tures, State conventions, congressional represent-
ation and executive head, upon each devolving a
share of the labor and responsibility. It may not
bedoneinaday; and gentlemen should not demand
such precipitancy. Years were required for the
original construction, and time is now needed
to dissipate passion, reveal truth, and induce ra-
tional views of duty. Complaints must be exam-
ined, opinions compared,and a policy determined.
Whatever can fairly be asked of me, I am ready
to do, as my votes will show.
Meanwhile, whatever be the precipitate or craven
conduct of complaining States, the Government
should preserve its position—giving up no right,
escaping from no duty, and conceding no release
from allegiance to itself. Combining the mag-
nanimity of the powerful with the tenderness of
the loving, while asserting and maintaining its au-
thority, itshould exhaust all peaceful agencies to
restore the frenzied to soundness of mind and
sobriety of judgment. But if conciliation should
not awaken dormant patriotism, nor kindness pro-
duce consideration; if, in dire infatuation, all
honorable adjustment be spurned, ali peaceful
accommodation be refused, then will hatfeairived
the time to "test the strength of the Government."
Sir, I both dread and ieprobatc collision; but if,
to maintain this Government against vile conspir-
acy, and save ourselves from anarchy and the re-
publican system from contempt; if, to protect our
propelty from spoliation and our flag from dis-
honor; if, to keep from the page of history the
scornfu I sen to nee,4' free institutions are a fail ui c,"
collision must come, let it comc. and upon the
aggressors rest the responsibility. It has been
remarked by a profound thinker, with as much
force as freshness* " Blood is not the worst thing
in history." I add, neither is it the weakest, r
have always hoped that, at least in this country,
we had advanced beyond the necessity for an ap-
peal to force. I sincerely hope wo have. I yet
cherish the belief that we have. But if we have
not, woe to those whose wickedness, in mislead-
ing, deceiving, and " firing" the people, makes
such a probability within ordinary range.
But daring every danger, bearing every burden,
submitting to every sacrifice, and meeting every .
consequence, the American people will preserve
this Government, because they love its liberal
institutions which, in their compactness, vigor,
efficiency, and power, are fitting monuments of
the towermg men who made them; because every
dear association, every tie of interest, every pres-
ent and prospective good, is involved in the main-
tenance of the Union; bccause, justly measuring
their history, which has been one of great achieve-
ment, and their future, which abounds with bril-
liant piomise, they know that union has made
our pathway radiantly bright, and is the bow
of promise which flushes the coming years; be-
cause they appreciate the importance to man-
kind of the manly qualities of the Anglo-Saxon
race, which requires a home and a becoming thea-
ter of action, and whose choicest seat is this fer-
tile, expansive, and central empire; and bccause,
their souls reverently mindful of the centuries of
toil, privation, and suffering, of which modern
civilization is the product, they would esteem it
impiety to throw away their precious privileges,
whose fruits arc peace, prosperity, and happi-
ness. Having thus determined, and from so ex~
alted motives, the self-reliant American people
will address themselves—yea, are now addressing
themselves—to this patriotic and Christian act;
and they will patiently perform the duty, whether
it leads them through sunshine or storm, the
plenty of peace or the perils of war; never ceas-
ing from their labor until, their-nation saved,
mankind assured an asylum, and liberty a coun-
try, their work shall be fully, honorably, nobly
done. Sir, in this faith I have lived; in it I wish
to die.
Mr. WINSLOW, Mr. NELSON, and others,
addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair,) recognized Mr. Winslow.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I hope the gen-
tleman from North Carolina will yield me the floor
for a few moments,
Mr. WINSLOW. Certainly, sir.
Mr. NELSON. I think I addressed the Chair
before the gentleman from North Carolina did,
and that I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Then 1 hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will yield to me for a
moment.
Mr. NELSON. I will if I get my right. I
claim my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When two gen-
tlemen address the Chair at the same time, it is
customary for the Chair to declare which shall
speak first.
Mr, NELSON. But I addressed the Chairfirst.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] has been
assigned the floor.
Mr. NELSON. Yes, air; but the Chair as-
signed it to him with the knowledge that I had
spoken first. I did address the Chair first. I
spoke before the gentleman from North Carolina,
and I therefore demand the floor. I ask the Chair
whether he did not hear me speak in the first in-
stance.
Mr. WINSLOW. I could settle the question
in a moment if the gentleman alludes to me, when
he says he demands the floor.
Mr. NELSON. I demand it, because I spoke
before the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then the Speaker must
settle the question; but there is no use in showing
any temper about it.
Mr. NELSON. Well, let the Speaker settle it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Tennessee appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
Mr. NELSON. I do appeal, because there arc
gentlemen here around me who know I-sought
the floor first.
