336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?"
* Mr. NELSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
I want to know whether there is a quorum pres-
ent to decide this question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the yeas
and nays were not ordered—only eight members
voting therefor.
Mr. NELSON. I ask fora counton theother
side. 1 want to see how many members are
present.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. ALBRicnand
Spinner were appointed.
Mr. BOCOCK. There is, I am very sure, a
misunderstanding in regard to thissubject, which,
if removed, there would be no need of having; a
vote on the appeal taken by the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee. The gentleman rose, and
said he demanded the floor on the ground that he
had addressed the Chair first. The gentleman
from North Carolina was under the impression
that that demand implied some constraint upon
him—thatitrequired him to yield the floor. Now,
' I am very sure that the gentleman from Tennes-
see meant nothing of that sort.
Mr. NELSON. No, sir.
Mr. BOCOCK. Thegentleman from Tennessee
could not have prevented the gentleman from
North Carolina from getting the floor, and if the
floor were awarded to him, from taking it. I am
sure, therefore, that the gentleman from North Car-
olina and the gentleman from Tennessee misun-
derstood each other. Thegentleman from Tennes-
see did not mean to put the gentleman from North
Carolina under any constraint in the matter. The
fentleman from North Carolina thought he did.
(ow, if the gentleman from Tennessee did not
mean anything of the sort, 1 am very certain the
gentleman from North Carolina will yield him the
floor without a word.
Mr. NELSON. Of course, I did not mean any
reflection on the gentleman from North Carolina.
I demanded the floor because 1 noticed the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania when he concluded his
speech, and addressed the Chair before the gen-
tleman from North Carolina did. 1 mean no dis-
respect to him. I demanded to be recognized,
because 1 was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 have -had some little expe-
rience serving in the chair for other Speakers,
and for the present Speaker, and if the gentleman
from 'Tennessee had had the same experience in
this House, he would know that it is almost im-
possible for aSpeaker to ascertain precisely which
member addresses him first. A presiding officer,
in consequence perhaps of a desire to alternate the
floor between both sides, has his eye directed to
a particular part of the House, and may very in-
nocently award tin; floor to a gentleman on one
side of the House, while, in fact, a gentleman on
the bther side did actually address him first.
Mr. NELSON. 1 have no objection to the
gentleman from North Carolina, who is mysenior
in years and my senior on this floor, speaking
before me; and if the Speaker will assign me the
floor after the gentleman from North Carolina
shall have addressed the House, I will yield my
claim.
Mr. W1NSLOW. When the gentleman rose
I was on the point of doing, perhaps, a rash
thing. Waiving my right to the floor would have
been, perhaps, inconsistent with my duty in re-
gard to some matters which 1 desire to explain.
Allow me now to confirm what the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] has said in regard
to recognizing members. There is no more em-
barrassing part of the Speaker's duties than that
of assigning the floor. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee ought to know that, in these cases, the
Chair must decide which gentleman has the floor.
Gentlemen want to know what time they are go-
ing to speak, and the matter is generally arranged
beforeharid, and assented to on both sides.
1 presume the Speaker did not hear thegentle-
man from Tennessee w hen he addressed the Chair,
ft is natural that the Speaker should look in the
direction where the member who was next to
speak sat. 1 think that five minutes'private con-
versation with the gentleman from Tennessee
would settle this question.
Mr. NELSON. It is not my design to reflect
on the Speaker; not at all. I had no desire to
cast any reflection on the gentleman who is occu-
pying the chair. I merely insisted on my right,
because I thought I spoke before the gentleman
from North Carolina.
Mr. W1NSL0W. Iam sure, if the gentleman
from Tennessee will let the matter pass over, two
words from me will satisfy him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Tennessee withdraw his appeal?
Mr. NELSON. I do withdraw the appeal.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
from North Carolina will give way, I will move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I have the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I withdraw
the motion.
CIIILDHEN OF "WILLIAM HUMPHREY.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I move that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
590, for the relief of the children of William Hum-
phrey, a soldier of the Revolution.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the surviving legitimate
children of William Humphrey, a revolutionary
soldier, late of Virginia, the sum of four dollars
per month, to commence from March 4,1831, up
to March 22, 1850, the date of his death.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Is there any report ac-
companying that bill?
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Yes, sir; there is.
Mr. ALLEY. I object.
Mr.MARTIN,of Virginia. Oh,no; I hope not.
Mr. ALLEY. There are not a dozen members
here. I know nothing about the merits of the
gentleman's bill; but it is my duty, as a repre-
sentative of the people, to see that no business
is done when there are not a dozen members
present.
Mr. COLFAX. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, that he may acommo-
date the gentleman from Virginia, and at the same
time not violate the principle he has stated, by al-
lowing the bill to come before the House, and the
previous question to be ordered on it before we
adjourn. It can then be acted on in file morning,
when a full House is present.
Mr. ALLEY. I will not object to that.
The bill was then taken up.
The SPEAKER pro tempore declared the ques-
tion to be upon ordering the main question.
Mr. PHELPS. I must object. There is no
quorum here, and the House has no right to
transact business without. It may be a merito-
rious case; if so, I will vote for it to-morrow; but
I will not give my consent that it shall be taken
up now.
Mr. ALLEY. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half pastfouro'cloclc,p.m.)the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 24, 1861.
The Jo u rnal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
COMMITTEES 01? THE SENATE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of members of the Senate to fid vacan-
cies in the standing committees, in conformity
with the order of the Senate, as follows:
Committee on Finance—Mr. Hemphill and Mr.
Simmons.
Committee on Military Jlffairs and the Militia—
Mr. Latham and Mr. Bragg
Committee on Naval Jlffairs—Mr. Kennedy and
Mr. Grimes.
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads—Mr.
Wade.
Committee on Pensions—Mr. Morrill.
Committee on Revolutionary Claims—Mr. Lane
and Mr. Wilkinson.
Committee on Claims—Mr. Polk and Mr. King.
Committee on the District of Columbia—Mr.
Johnson of Arkansas, Mr. Powell, and Mr.
Clark.
Committee on Piiblic Buildings and Grounds—
Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee.
Committee on Territories—Mr. Hunter and Mr.
Foster.
Committee on Printing—-Mr. Cameron.
The committees are now constituted as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chair-
man,) Douglas, Slidell, Polk,Crittenden, Seward,
and Sumner.
Ore Finance — Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Gwin, Bright, Fessenden, Cameron, Hemphill,
and Simmons.
On Commerce—Messrs. Bigler, (chairman,)
Clingman, Saulsbury, Chandler, Baker, and Nich-
olson.
On Military Jfflairs and Militia—Messrs. John-
son of Arkansas, (chairman,) Lane, Wilson,
King, Riee, Latham, and Bragg.
On Naval Jlffairs—Messrs. Thomson, (chair-
man,) Slidell, Nicholson, Hale, Anthony, Ken-
nedy, and Grimes.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Bayard, (chairman,)
Pugh, Benjamin, Green, Powell, Trumbull, and
Foster.
On Post Offices and Post Roads—Messrs. Gwin,
(chairman,) Rice, Bright, Wigfall, Hale, Dixon,
and Wade.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Johnson of Arkan-
sas, (chairman,) Pugh, Johnson of Tennessee,
Lane, Bragg, Harlan, and Bingham.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin,
(chairman,) Polk, Wigfall, Ten Eyck, and Fes-
senden.
On Indian Jlffairs—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair-
man,) Fitch, liice, Hemphill, Doolittle, Claik,
and Latham.
On Pensions—Messis. Thomson, (chairman,)
Saulsbury, Powell, Durkee, Grimes, Wilkinson,
and Morrill.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Nicholson,
(chairman,) Durkee, Ten Eyck, Lane, and Wil-
kinson.
On Claims—Messrs. Bragg, (chairman.) Sim-
mons, Foot, Hemphill, Wilkinson, Polk, and
King.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Johnson
of Tennessee, (chairman,) Kennedy, Wilson,
Clingman, Johnson of Arkansas, Powell, and
Clark.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Big-
ler, (chairman,) Thomson, Hemphill, Simmons,
and Trumbull.
On Public Buildings and Grotinds—Messrs.
Bright, (chairman,) Kennedy, Clark, Doolittle,
and Johnson of Tennessee.
On Territories—Messrs. Green, (chairman,)
Douglas, Sebastian, Collamer, Wade, Hunter,
and Foster.
To Jludit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate—Messrs. Johnson of Tennessee,
(chairman,) Powell, and Dixon.
On Printing—Messrs. Fitch, (chairman,) An-
thony, and Cameron.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs.Lane, (chairman,)
Bigler, and Harlan.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Saulsbury, (chair-
man,) Bingham, and Latham.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Bayard, and Collamer.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT also announced the
appointment of Mr. Simmons, Mr. Hunter, Mr.
Bigler, Mr. Fessenden, and Mr. Gwin, as the
select committee on the bill (H. R. No. 338) to
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the petition of manufacturers of cutlery,
edge-tools, and machinery, piesented by hi in yesterday, be
referred to the select committee on the bill (II. It. No.*338)
to provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury notes,
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of hardware dealers, and
manufacturers of edge-tools and machinery, and other arti-
cles of steel or iron, heretofore presented to the Senate, be
referred to the select committee on the bill (II. It No. 338)
to provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury notes,
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties oa im-
ports, "''d for other purposes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
support of the claim of Samuel F. B. Morse, for
an extension of his patent; which were referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of manu-
facturers of steel tools and fire-arms in Massachu-
setts, Maine, Connecticut, and New Hampshire,
