1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SJ8?
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doelittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harris, Howe, Lane, Morrill, Sherman. Simmons,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,-Wilkinson, Wilmot, and
Wilson—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise again to make the mo-
tion to go into executive session for the purpose
of disposing of the executive business. There
are some of us who cannot remain here long, and
this body will be reduced below a quorum; and I
hope the Senate will not persist in passing this
resolution at present. There are two or three of
us who wish to say something upon it, and give
some reasons why it should not be passed at this
time, I hope the Senate will not persist in press-
ing it at present; but let us go into executive ses-
sion, and dispose of the executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 13, noes 22.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will it be in order to move
to postpone the further consideration of this reso-
lution until Monday next, the motion to postpone
to the second Monday of December next having
failed? ["Certainly."] I move that it be post-
f>oned until Monday next,"to give the parties a
ittle time to think about this thing, and the pro-
priety of pressing it with the tenacity with which
it is pressed. There are some considerations that
will be presented in connection with this matter,
if it is pressed now. All we ask is a little time,
and that it be not pressed with too hot, not to say
indeccnt haste.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Tennessee moves to postpone the further
consideration of this resolution until Monday
next.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, the motion was not agreed to—
yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright, CJingman, Dong-
las, Johnson, Lane. Latham, Mitchel, Nesmith, Powell,
Rice, Thomson, and Wjlmot—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bak?r, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Fessetiden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Har-
ris, Howe, Kuiij, Moirill, Sheunan, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten E}ck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—23.
Mr. POWELL. If it is in order, I will move
to postpone the resolution under consideration
for the purpose of taking up the resolution of-
fered by the Senutorfrom New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] that the Senate adjourn sin? die to-day.
I make the motion for the purpose of having an
adjournment die to-day. We have been con-
vened in extraordinary session, as 1 had supposed,
for the purpose of considering such messages and
nominations as the President of the United States
might sec fit to send to us. It is evident that the
majority of the body, instead of going on with
that business, and letting us go home, are determ-
ined to take up the time of the Senate in the mis-
erable scramble for place. As has been said by
Senators who have more experience here than f,
they have attempted to bring this miserable scram-
ble for office, for the first time, into this Senate
Chamber. I look upon such things as disrepu-
table to the Government. 1 think it is enough
to destroy any Government on earth. If gentle-
men in the majority are not disposed to go on
and to do the business for which we have been
convened, I think we had better adjourn and go
to our homes. I, for one, will not consent to stay
here, in order that tins Senate, thin as it is on this
side, may be engaged in this extraordinary, and,
I must say, most disreputable and degrading work.
I will not lend myself, by'my presence, to any
such thing. If they arc determined, against the
usages of this body, to make place for their hun-
gry, lank, and greedy partisans, let them do it at
a regular session; let them do it when this side
of the Chamber is full. They should notattempt
it now, when many Senators on this side have
gone home, when we are all anxious to get away,
and when we are sitting here solely for the pur-
pose of keeping a quorum. In order to test the
sense of the Senate on that subject, I more that
this resolution be postponed; and when that is
done, 1 shall move to take up the resolution of
the Senator from New Hampshire to adjourn sine
die. I hope that we shall adjourn, or else go into
executive session and do the business for which
we were convened.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator fix a day to which the resolution shall be
postponed ?
Mr. POWELL. Monday,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
has just been taken on a motion to postpone it
until Monday next.
Mr. POWELL. Then I will say Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from -Kentucky
to postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lution until Tuesday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think it
comcs with a very bad gracc from the Senator
from Kentucky to complain that we cannot do
the business for which the Senate is convened,
when he and his friends are persistently making
dilatory motions and^alling the yeas and nays,
to use up the time of the Senate. This resolu-
tion would have passed or been defeated an hour
ago, but for the zeal with which that Senator and
his friends have hung on to these" greedy"office-
hojders. There seems to be a little greed and a
little anxiety to hold on on the part of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. He has had his officers fat-
tening, and thinks they are not yet in good condi-
tion; " wait a little; let us wait till December, and
catch the crumbs that are to fall from the public
crib." What is his position i' He is contending
to hold on to his officers; and he says it is an un-
usual thing, very unusual, for the Democrats to
have their friends in office. Did anybody ever
hear of their appointing a Republican to office?
Was such a thing ever known or heard of? But
a wonderful change, has come over them, and now
it is a horrid thing to turn out a Democrat.
I am not disposed to go into complaint about
the officers of the Senate; but it seems that gen-
tlemen on the other side are ready to disorganize
the Government, ready to break up a quorum,
ready to stop the wheels of Government here, in
order to keep one of their men m office. Is it so
vastly important to the Senator from Kentucky,
that he must take up the time with dilatory mo-
tions, and calling the yeas and nays, when the
sense of the Senate has beeli repeatedly tested?
But he says our seats are vacant. Who made
them vacant? Why are your seats vacant? Is
it any fault of ours? Or is it not the miserable pol-
icy that has been pursued by the Senator from
Kentucky and his friends, that has driven a part
of the members of the Senate out of this body?
It was not a Republican Administration that did
it. Your seats were vacant under Democratic
rule. Republicans have had nothing to do with
it. It is not our fault that the seats are vacant;
and it is no reason, when, by acts of Democrats,
seats have become vacant, that they should turn
around to Republicans, and tell them, 44 Oh! you
must not have any objection; you must not do
anything; these seats are vacant." Let men
charged with the execution of public duties per-
form them, and then the seats would not be
vacant.
Now, I do not think it a matter of such vast im-
portance myself, whether an officer is elected or
not, and it is no sweeping out, as has been stated,
of all the officers of the Senate. 1 understand that
changes are only made among the subordinates
by the consent of the Presiding Officer. I do not
suppose that anybody contemplated any such
thing as has been stated, that the subordinate offi-
cers were to be changed. I am not aware that
such was the case. 1 have no idea that such re-
sults are to follow. But it was thought advisable,
it seems, to procced to the election of a single
officer, the Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper,
who, I believe, is one officer. I understood it was
the intention of the mover of the resolution to have
modified it, so as to strike out the Assistant Door-
keeper, and he has been struggling to obtain the
floor several times for that purpose, so as to have
the election of but a single officer; and the Sena-
tors on the other side, after reading us a lecture
about proscription in office and bringing it into
the Senate, then turn around and are ready to
break up the Senate, rather than that a single man
should be elected to office by the Republicans,
who have taken possession of the Government.
That is all there is in it, sir; and I do not wish to
prolong the debate about it.
I am also mformed^that this is no unusual thing;
that the present Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
was chosen at an executive session,just as it-is
now proposed to do; that the then Sergeant-at-
Arms was turned out and the present one elected.
I was not here at the time, but I aminformed thai
that took place at on executive session. If" so,
it is not unusual, it seems, to do such things at
executive sessions. 1 think it has been very un-
usual, on thepartof Democrats, to complain that
the party in power had, as a general things its
friends, or persons sympathizing with it, in the
more important places. This is the principal office
in the Senate. While the majority hare thought
it advisable to introduce a resolution to have, an
clcction for that officer, no one has given an inti*
mation that there was any such proscription in-
tended as Senators have thought proper to inti-
mate.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President,I have listened
to the extraordinary speech of the Senator from
Illinois with some surprise. I cannotunderstand
why it is he should say that it was the policy pur-
sued by the Senator from Kentucky which caused
these seats' to be vacant. If he alludes to those
who have permanently withdrawn from this body, .
I say it is the miserable policy of himself and his
Republican friends that has driven those States
out of this Union, and their Senators from this
floor. It certainly was no policy ever pursued
by me, or by any Senator from Kentucky. •
But the Senator says I am anxious to hold on
to these offices. Allow me to say to that Senator
that no friend of mine has asked office at the hands
of this Administration,and I pray God that they
never will. Let me say to him, further, that I
have not resisted the removal of any man from
office by this Administration, and 1 never intend
to do it. The Senator's party have come into
power; they will have the offices; and I am satis-
fied they will bestow offices upon none other than
Republicans, unless it be some one from a slave
State whom they expect to make an instrument
to build up a Republican party in one of those
States. The good, true, and loyal men of the
South scorn the offices at their hands. They do
not ask them; they do not want them. But, sir,
as the most able and experienced Senators on this
floor have said, in the organization of the Senate,
party politics have not been brought to bear in
the selection of its officers. Wherever the Presi-
dent can work his ax, let him work it; let him
take off heads; let him put in his men; and I, for
one, never have complained,and never will com-
plain.
Allow me to make a further remark,as I have
been twitted about holding on to these Democratic
friends, as the Senator supposes they are. I do
not know the politics of but one person who holds
an office in this Chamber. I think this custom
of changing officers for political reasons is one
that is pernicious; it is contrary to precedent; it
is unusual; it tends, in my judgment, to degrade
and to demoralize the Senate; and for that reason
I oppose it—not that I want any friend of mine
or any Democrat to place himself in the attitude
of an officer-seeker of this Republican Adminis-
tration ; and so far as friends of mine are con-
cerned, I can say what, I suppose, some gentle-
men over the way cannot say: there is no man
that has a drop of my blood m his veins that holds
office at the hands of this Government. If Sen-
ators go on with this miserable system of nepo-
tism which we have witnessed here, we shall have
an array of official kindred, the like of which was
never seen before. I should not have spoken of
these things but for the Senator from Illinois
twitting me about my friends, or Democrats hold-
ing on to office. The offices here are not at the
disposal of the President; and they are not such
as Administrations heretofore have attempted to
dispose of.
Now, the Senator has kindiy told us that the
present Sergeant-at-Arms was elected at an ex-
traordinary session of the Senate. I am told by
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] that that
was not done for political considerations, but it
was a removal for cause; and 1 understand that
no removals, save for cause, have ever taken place
in this body since its organization.
The Senator says they only wish to move one
or two. Why, sir, we know very well that the
very parties against whom that resolution is di-
rected control all the appointments, and they could
