THE GONGBESSIOlfAL GLOBE.
March 25,
in the vacation remote every subordidate officer
here." As I am advised by gentlemen of .experi-
ence in -the Senate,, they have to do it with the
advice of the Vice President oniy during the ses-
sion of the Senate. In that I may be mistaken;
but I- am informed that such is the fact.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
perhaps, it would-add to .his argument to read the
resolution of the.Senate on this subject.
Mr. POWELL. Read-it.
. Mr. BRlSffE. On the 10th of July, 1854, a
committee-raised in this body for the purpose of
organizing a proper corps of officers, made "a
lengthy report, accompanied by several resolu-
tions. I will read the resolution referred to by
the Senator from Kentucky:
- •" Resofoedj, That the several officers and others in the
departments of ttie Secretary of the Swiate and of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, shall be appointed and removed from office
by those officers respectively, as heretofore; but when made
during the session of the Senate, any such removal to be
first approved l>y the President of the Senate, on reasons to
l>e assigned therefor in writing by the officer making the
removal; and when in the recess, such reasons, in writ-
ing, to be laid before the President of the Senate on the
first day of the succeeding session, and to be approved or
disapproved by hiiri."
Mr. POWELL. It is quite apparent, then,
that I have stated the rule correctly. If this res-
olution were adopted and these removals were to
take place, during the vacation every subordinate
officer could be removed. I will'say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that it was not, and is not, my
purpose to prevent, in any'manner or form, this
Republican Administration from possessing itself
of all theoffices. That is their business; notspe-
cialfy mine; but I have a right, as a Senator, to
speak of the removals in this Chamber, for these
removals are within our control, not that of the
President. As I have before stated, I believe
thftt we should resist this thing; we should keep
up the ancient usages of the Senate on this sub-
ject, and allow these faithful officers to remain,
and only remove them for cause, as heretofore.
I will say to the Senator from Illinois, that
my "zeal, as he has chosen to call it, on this
Subject, did not arise from any desire to pre-
vent the Republicans, Mr. Lincoln and his hosts,
from having the offices; but from the simple fact
that I wished to keep my friends on that side of
the Chamber from this act Of bringing miserable
party questions in regard to the selection of its
officers, for the first time, into the Senate Cham-
ber. I did not wish those gentlemen, for many
of whom 1 have the greatest respect, to be guilty
of this burning disgrace, and, in my judgment,
lasting shame, upon the Senate and the country.
For that reason, and for that reason alone, I per-
haps have exhibited some " zeal" upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. JOHNSON. Quite a number of nomina-
tions have been sent in by the President, and are
now lying on the Secretary's table. I will renew
the motion to go into executive session, for the
purpose of disposing of that business.
Mr, TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 2S, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Breckin-
ridge, Bright, Clingman, Bixoit, Douglas, Foot, Poster,
Hale, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Lane, Latham, Mitchel,
Nesmith, Nicholson, Powell, Rice, Sherman, Sumner,
Thomson, Wilmot, and VVihon --J6.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes,
Harlan, King, Morrill, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wade—10.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
pror.eeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 25, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Several messages were received from the Pres-
ident of the United States, by Mr. J. G. Nicolay,
his Secretary.
ELECTION OP OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first busi-
ness in order is the unfinished business of the last
sitting on Satuiday, being the resolution intro-
duced by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,} for the election of a Sergeant-at-Arms
and Doorkeeper, and an Assistant Doorkeeper.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] is in the midst of an unfinished
speech, which the Senate want to hear, I move
that that resolution, for the present, lie on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, that course will be taken. It will
lie on the table. The next resolution in order is
the resolution introduced by the Senator from
Illinois-, [Mr. Douglas,] on the f3th instant, rel-
ative to the forts, &c., in the seceding States.
DISPATCHES OF MA JOE ANDERSON.
Mr. POWELL. I ask leave to offfer a resolu-
tion before the Senator from Wisconsin proceeds:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in his opin-
ion not incompatible with the public interest, to communi-
cate to the Senate the dispatches of Major Robert Ander-
son to the War Department during the time he has been in
command at Fort Sumter. «
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers in the case of Jean A. B.
Dauterive and his legal repiesentatives.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred a motion directing the Sec-
retary of the Senate to procure from the publish-
ers, for the Library of the Senate, twenty copies
of the Annals and Register of Debates of Con-
gress, and pay for the same outof the contingent
fund of the Senate, at a price not exceeding that
heretofore paid for the same, reported in favor of
the motion.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Douglas,
on the 13th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form tlie Senate what forts, arsenals, navy-yaids, and other
public works, within the limits of the Suites of South Car-
olina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas, are now within the actual possession and oc-
cupation of the United States, and by what numbei of men
each is garrisoned and held, and whether reinforcements
are necessary to retain the same ; and if so, whether the
Government has the power and means, under existing laws,
to suppiv such reinforcements withm such time as the
exigencies and necessities of the case may demand ; and
whether the defense and protection ot' the United States
and their interests make it necessary and wise to retain mil-
itary possession of «uch forts, places, and other property,
except at Key West and Tortu?as, and to recapture and
reoccupy such others as the United States have been de-
prived of by seizure or surrender for any other puipo.-e, and
with a view to any other end than the subjugation and oc-
cupation of those States which have assumed the right to
secede from the Union, and withm whose limits such torts
and other public property are situated ; ami if such be the
; motives for recapturing and holding the forts and other pub-
lic property, what military force, including regulars and
volunteers, would be necessary to enable the United State*
to reduce the Stares aforesaid, and such others as are sup-
posed to sympathize with them, to subjection and obedience
to the lawsol the Union, and to protect the Federal capital.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Clark to strike out all after the words
4< United States," where they first occur.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, { had said the
other day that I was opposed to the adoption of
the resolution offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] because the Senator him-
self did not seem to need the information it called
for; because I was not certain that the Secretary
of War was prepared at that time to give that
information; because I was not sure that it was
wise to publish such information to the enemies
of our country; and because, if the condition of
the country was such as the resolution, and such
as the speeches by which the resolution has been
supported, seemed to intimate, it did not appear
to me prudent at this time to inform the friends
of the country to whose treachery that condition
of the country ought to be attributed. I said I
was also opposed to the speeches by which the
resolution had been supported, because they
seemed to traduce, to malign, systematically to
belittle the Government of the country, and the
people of the country, because, as it seemed to
me, they tended to iniflarne the prejudices and the
passions of th<i malcontents by attributing to
their opponents designs and purposes utteily and
altogether foreign to their wishes and to their
ideas; and because they were calculated to
heighten, rather than to diminish, the alarm and
the confusion among the loyal citizens of the
Republic, by magnifying the difficulties which
the Republic is to encounter.
I objected also to each of the plans proposed
by the Senator from Illinois for the pacification
of the country. I objected to the first scheme
proposed, because, as it seemed to me, and still
seems to me, it is impracticable. It seems tome,
it is unwise, at a time like this, to demand of any
great portion of the people of the country conces-
sions to the other portion. When war is threat-
ened, when force is paraded, that does not seem
to be the happiest time to negotiate; and for this
plain reason: because if that portion of the coun-
try which is assailed is very much frightened, it
may make concessions which the welfare of the
country does not demand; and because, if it is not
much frightened, it may not make such conces-
sions as will pacify the country.
Besides, sir, I do notunderstand how this mode
of pacifying the country is to be carried out. It
does not seem to me to be a practicable measure
to assume to restore peace to the country, by
giving a new constitution to the country. IIow
are you going to do it? I believe there are thirty-
four States which now compose the United States.
I believe it will take twenty-six to amend the Con-
stitution. There are already seven States, as I
understand, which have assumed a position that
will prohibit them from cooperating at all in the
work of revising, or amending, or changing, the
Constitution of the United States. If you attempt
to do it, you cannot get either the assent or dis-
sent of any one of these seven States. It is said
there is imminent danger of another State putting
itself-in line with the seven. That will make
eight who will not cooperate at all in this work
of remodeling the Constitution of the United
States. You must, then, have the approbation
of every State left, in order to amend it. Can it
be had? Ought the peace and prosperity of the
country to be put upon the hazard of obtaining
such unanimity asthatr Suppose Massachusetts
stands out, and will not adopt any amendment
thatyou propose, orthat has been proposed; sup-
pose Ohio, suppose New York, the politics of
which States are or have been a little capricious,
should do so; suppose the State of Vermont will
not assent to it, and you know how steadfast she
hashed;! believe she has not changed her prin-
ciples sincc the Revolution; in point of fact, I be-
lieve she has scarcely changed her representation
since the Revolution; suppose she cannot be in-
duced to assent to any one of these amendments,
or to all of them: will statesmen, will the repre-
sentatives of the United States, put themselves m
this attitude before the country—*that a certain
measure shall be named, and that every oneof the
States acting in the Union shall approve of it, or
an actual disruption of the Union, and war be-
tween the different sections of the Union, shall be
the consequence ? I do not think that alternative
ought to be presented; and if presented, I do not
think it is calculated to lessen the alarms, to lessen
the apprehensions, with which this crisis is now
looked upon, either north or south.
I said, sir, that I was opposed to the second
plan offered for our adoption. I was opposed to
recognizing the independence of those States which
have refused, or which may refuse to remain in
the Union. Such a measure seems to me, as I
said then, and repeat now briefly, to be incom-
patible with the honor, the interest, or the credit
of the States which may remain in the Union. By
that one step, they sacrifice whatever of credit
they have heretofore achieved; by that one step,
they verify the predictions of the enemies of re-
publican government and of republican institu-
tions throughout the world. Such will be its di-
rect tendency and effect upon the welfare of those
States which remain within the Union What
will be the result upon those States which shall
see fit to g.o out of the Union, it is very difficult
to foresee or to foretell; but the question which I
want settled more than all others, and above ail
others, is this: whether that,measure, if adopted,
will actually give peace to the whole country.
Suppose you recognize the independence of those
seven States which say th^y will no longer re-
main withm the Union: will that secure peace to
the country? Is any representative here prepared
