1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
under the Constitution Congress has a right to
permit two or more States to make a compact upon
any legitimate subject; and none can deny that a
toll imposed for the use of an improvement is not
a tax, a duty, or an impost. That distinction is
as old as the language. A tax, duty, or impost,
means a contribution exacted by the Government
for its revenue purposes. It is a sum imposed
upon the people to be paid into the common Treas-
ury for common purposes. A toll is a contribu-
tion imposed upon a party who makes use of a
particular improvement, intended to reimburse
the cost of making that improvement. There is
the clear distinction inherent in the very terms
themselves, and familiar to all who ever think on
the subject.
This, then, is not a tax, nor a duty, nor an
impost. It is a toll; a toll for the use of an im-
provement, intended to reimburse the cost of the
improvement, levied only upon those who choose
to use the improvement, the proceeds not going
into a common treasury for the revenue purpose,
but appropriated exclusively to the direct im-
provement for which the toll is levied. It is
exactly like a tax for wharfage for the use of a
wharf. No man ever contended that the price
paid in a harbor for fastening a vessel to a wharf
was a tax, or a duty, or an impost; or that the
contribution levied upon a bale of merchandise,
or a barrel of goods, for transportation across a
wharf in a harbor, was a tax, or a duty, or an
impost. It is in its nature a toll; a toll imposed
upon the article for the use of the improvement,
paid only by those who choose to use it; the pro-
ceeds going not into a common treasury for com-
mon purposes, but exclusively appropriated to
the particular object.
So, then, we do not, by authorizing this legis-
lation, trench in any degree on that principle of
the Constitution which prohibits the levying of a
tax, duty, or impost, either on exports or im-
ports. It is no such thing;. It is, in legal, tech-
nical language, a toll; no more, no less The
levying of a contribution of that kind for that pur-
pose is as old as the foundations of the Govern-
ment. I have never heard it before disputed, and
I trust that the equity of this case is such as will
recommend it to the favorable consideration of
the Senate, and secure the immediate passage of
the bill.
Mr. BAKER. I shall be very happy, Mr.
President, to support this measure. It lias long
been my opinion that the General Government
should have improved Red river; and in the fail-
ure to do that, I am quite willing to do the next
best thing. I understand that this is really a meas-
ure, with the consent of all the States whose in-
terests can be affected, to improve the navigation
of Red river, now so impeded by the raft as to
render it comparatively useless, if not entirely so,
above that point. That it proposes a duty, a
tax, an impost, a toll—I do not care which—on
those who use the improvement, and nobody else,
I suppose is the fact in the case. There are no
States to be interested except those who agree;
there is no commerce to be interfered with except
the commerce belonging to these States; and, as
I understand it, nobody else can by possibility
complain. I am very happy, therefore, to yield
my assent to such a proposition. I do not think
there can be any constitutional objection in the
way; but if it were not quite so certain, in the
light of the instructive, though brief, debate which
has been had, I should still yield my assent to
the measure. I am one of those who do not be-
lieve very much in these doubtful and difficult
constructions of the Constitution to prevent its
being a great instrument of good, rather than of
restraint upon the cnterpiise and energy of the
people. I have been unwilling, so far as the Pa-
cific railroad is concerned, to yield any sortof con-
fidence to the class of objections made of a con-
stitutional character, which would limit the power
of the Government to construct the greatest work
ever conceived in the world for the benefit of the
whole people governed; and acting, as I suppose,
upon that principle, and applying it as far as i
can, I am not disposed to seek for restraints in
the Constitution against a measure so obviously
wise, and tending to benefit of great States.
I am very glad that there is a measure of this
kind to which 1 can give my assent; and I do it
now, expressing the reason why I do it as an
evidence that I am disposed to do so not only in
this case, but in all others where I can, in ray
poor way, wield the Constitution as a beneficent,
broad instrument of good, stimulating the energy
and enterprise of our people in every section of
the country; and I fondly hope that the assent
which 1 trust Congress will yield now to meas-
ures for the benefit of Arkansas and Louisiana,
may be only one of a series of assents which Con-
gress may give to measures for the benefit of these
States to a thousand coming generations.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Louisiana says this is a toll. Now,
sir, I am opposed to establishing toll-gates on the
navigable waters of these United States. I am
opposed to this toll. If you may establish a toll-
gate on the Red river, you may establish a toll-
gate at the mouth of the Mississippi river; indeed,
a bill has already passed through the committee
of the Senate, and through this body, authorizing
the establishment of a toll-gate at the mouth of
the Mississippi river. I am opposed to this whole
system of toll-gates upon our navigable waters.
Sir, if you may establish a toll-gate at the mouth
of the Mississippi river, you may establish a toll-
gate wherever there is a snag or a sawyer from
there to the falls of St. Anthony. How do we
know but that the State of Mississippi may to-
day have established a toll-gate upon her borders,
and established a battery to cnforce her tolls?
Such, sir, is the report of our newspapers: that
a battery has absolutely been established above
Vicksbuig on the Mississippi river, and that ves-
sels are absolutely there brought to and required
to pay toll. Sir, I am opposed to this 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will pause. The Chair must call up the
unfinished business of yesteiday at this hour, one
o'clock having arrived. The unfinished business
is the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg to sug-
gest that this is a prior order to that, and it was
taken up before the hour of one, for the purpose,
if possible, of disposing of the subject-matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The'Chair is aware
that this joint resolution was a special order for
one o'clock; but the Pacific railroad bill, being
the unfinished business of yesterday, takes pie-
cedcnce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, I move
to postpone that order.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will notmake
that motion; but will propose to pass over the
railroad bill informally, and go on with this for a
few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be general
consent, the present business can be continued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object, unless the Sen-
ate vote to procred with it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Did I under-
stand the Senator from Illinois to object?
Mr. TRUM HULL. I am in favor of taking
up the Pacific railroad bill at one o'clock, and
therefore object to the continuance of this meas-
ure to put the railroad bill out of the way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I submit the
motion that the Pacific railroad bill be passed by
informally until this matter be disposed of, which
I have reason to think, from the expression of
opinion that I find around the Senate, will not
consume much time—I think notover haifan hour.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Arkan-
sas allow me to inquire if it will not answer his
purpose to fix it for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 assure the
Senator thatat half past twelve o'clock to-morrow
we shall have to encounter the same difficulties,
and we shall have to go over all this debate again.
Mr. CLARK. I am desirous to help the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, and only want to take that
course which will lead to the least difficulty. I
shall go for his measure.
• Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am aware of
that, andl thank the Senator. I appreciate it very
much, for I am far less fortunate with others—at
least with the Senator from Illinois. I can stand
his opposition very well as long as it is based on
questions of conscience. Through the six years
of his service here, I think I have never brought
forward a measure connected with the interests
of my State, that I have not been so unfortunate
as to come in conflict with some special feeling or
conscientious view of his, and m this instance
that Senator will not even consent to waive the
chance to make a technical objection which throws
it off, and compels me necessarily to appeal to
the Senate to go on with the consideration of
what is a matter in behalf of fifty thousand people
who ask of you no expenditure whatever. I hope
the Senate will postpone the consideration of every-
thing else and go on with this joint resolution,
which was the prior order for to-day.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Texas has a greater in-
terest in this measure than any other State, and
I hope the Senator from Illinois will withdraw
his objection. It will take but a very short time
to dispose of this measure, I think. I believe a
majority of the Senate are in favor of it.
Mr. TRUM DULL. A majority of the Senate
can certainly settle it. If they prefer to continue
this subject, instead of taking up the Pacific rail-
road bill, I have no other objection to offer, ex-
cept that I think the railroad bill is more import-
ant.
I will make one remark, as I am up, in reply
to what the Senator from Arkansas has said. I
do not know why he should have made those
remarks. There was certainly no occasion for
them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I only made
them 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield to the Senator from Arkansas?
Mr. TRUMBULL. After I have made a state-
ment, I will. I certainly have never opposed any-
thi ng that came from Arkansas, or the Senator from
Arkansas, becausc it came from there. 1 made
no opposition of that kind. I stated very briefly
the points that struck me as objectionable. They
did not apply to the Red river particularly. They
applied to the general improvement of any of
these rivers by States in this way. I think the
inference which-he drew, that I had any other
motive than the public good, was wholly unwar-
ranted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wilt consume
no time in replying to that. I merely allude to
it as a misfortune that belongs to me. I will say
no more about it. There was no disposition on
my part to wound the feelings of the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. The Pacific railroad bill, I
believe, is the subject now before us; is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Arkansas has moved that its consideration be
postponed, in order to continue this subject.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be postponed
until two o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill be
postponed until two o'clock.
Mr. BAKER. Unless this subject be sooner
disposed of.
Ihe motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it was the
system to which I was more opposed than to this
particular case. This may be an exceptional case;
1 do not know but it is; but I am totally opposed
to the system of establishing such toll-gates and
tonnage duties. It will be evident to every per-
son at all acquainted with the navigation of the
Mississippi river, that there arc obstacles to that
navigation all the way up from its mouth, even
as far as the Falls of St. Anthony; and wherever
there is an obstacle, an attempt, of course, will be
made to establish a toll-gate, and to collect large
revenues.
And, sir, the case is similar upon the lakes. I
am opposed to the adoption there of a system of
port duties and tonnage dues and toll-gates. In
conversation the other day with the largest ship-
owner upon the lakes, he told me that the estab-
lishment of this system was equivalent to the
passage ofa law in these words: " Resolved, That
from now henceforth no navigation of these waters
shall be permitted; that all the commerce of those
great lakes shall be done by rail." That was a
remark made by the heaviest ship-owner on the
lakes to-day. It is impossible, m the nature of
things, that commerce can be hampered by this
system of tonnage duties. Why, sir, take a
single case 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him r question ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask him whether
the Congress of the United States did not only
authorize, in his own State, the construction of a
canal around the falls of the St. Mary's river,
