1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
do I anticipate any contingency which will make
me assent to it; but whether it shall or shall not
go into the Territories of the United States, I say,
and' we say, is a question which should be sub-
mitted to the people of the United States. As
when the people of the United States have decided
against us over and over again heretofore, we have
submitted^ so if the people- shall decide against
them hereafter", wfe ask and demand that they shall
submit also.
Mr. CLtNGMAN. I wish to see if I under-
stand the honorable Senator. By "the people of
the United States," what people does he mean?
Does he mean the people of the Territories who
have an interest in it? Is he willing to adopt the
popular sovereignty view of the Senator from Illi-
nois, or does he mean that the people in North
Carolina or Massachusetts, for example, should
determine what New Mexico is to do with this
question?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I did .not sup-
pose' there could be any mistake about the iden-
tityof the people of the United States. There
ncverhasbecnuntiiwithin afewmonths. [Laugh-
ter.] But let me answer him more directly. Iam
not willing that the people of North Carolina shall
say whether slavery shall or shall not exist in the
Territory of Nevada. He asks me, am I willing
that the people of the Territory of Nevada shall
determine that question for themselves? No, sir;
for this plain reason, the people of the Territory
of Nevada do not own the Territory of Nevada.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well 
Mr. HOWE. Let me finish the answer. The
people of the United States own it; and I have as
much confidence in their intelligence, and in their
justice, and in their capacity to determine that
question, as 1 have in the people of any one of the
Territories', and I think it is the better tribunal of
the two, because they have thefirst, the heaviest,
and the more direct interest in the right decision
of the question.
Mr. CL13NGMAN. The Senator says the peo-
ple of North Carolina have no right to determine
it. What better right, then, have the people of
his State or of any other State?
Mr. HOWE. Not any better, but precisely
the same. The people of North Carolina and
the people of the thirty-three other States consti-
tute exactly the tribunal that I want to submit
this question to—the tribunal to whose decision
I want the people of all these States to submit.
I beg the Senator not to understand that I want
to monopolize the decision of this question for
the people of Wisconsin, which I in part represent
here; that 1 want to usurp jurisdiction over it on
behalf of the people of any one section of the coun-
try. I want it to be submitted to the intelligence,
the wisdom, the patriotism, and the justice of the
people of all the States; and then 1 want the pa-
triotism and the loyalty of the people of all the
States to recognize the decision when it is made.
Is that unreasonable? Is that unjust?
Sir, I did not mean to be drawn into a discus-
sion of the question whether it is wise or unwise
that slavery should be permitted to go into the
Territories. That question is not pending before
the people of the United States; it is not pending
before this body. The question, if any question
be here, is, whether you will submit to the au-
thority of the people of the United States on that
and other matters? Admit, if you please, that
it be wise that slavery should go there; that it
be just that a citizen of North Carolina should
have the right to take that class of property there
when he sees fit to go himself: the question I
propound to the Senators on the other side is this:
because they are, or are not, permitted to do that
thing, is that a reason why they should not con-
tribute to the revenues of the United States, which
revenues are to be expended for their protection?
Because a citizen of North Carolina is not allowed
to take slaves into Kansas, is that a reason why
your forts must be surrendered; why your troops
must be driven back; why your Treasury shall
be plundered; why your flag shall be trailed in
the dust' That is the question I put to the Sen-
ate. Let that he answered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 understand the Senator
to ask, supposing the people of North Carolina
have a right to go there with their slaves, if they are
deprived of it, why should they not still continue
to pay taxes? I take it for granted that if you
deprive any portion of the community of their
privileges under the Constitution, you have no
right to impose burdens on them.
Mr. HOWE. Did the Senator say he under-
stood me to say that the people of North Caro-
lina had that right?
, Mr. CLINGMAN. No; I understood the Sen-
ator to put it hypothetically. Suppose the people
have a right to go there with their slaves: is that
any reason why they should not pay taxes? That
is what I understood the Senator to say. Of
course, if they have no right, the depriving of
them of it would be no wrong; but I understood
the Senator to say, supposing they had the right
to go there, nevertheless, if they were deprived of
it, was that a reason why they should not pay
taxes? And my object was to bring the Senator
to the consideration of this point: that you have
i)o right to expect the people of any State to pay
taxes to support the Government, unless the Gov-
ernment gives them full protection. I mean by
that, such protection as, under the Constitution,
it can give to them and their property.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senator did
not understand precisely the hypothesis which I
presented. It was, supposing it to be expedient
that he take his slaves into the Territories, and
that expediency is not recognized by the people
of the United States, shall the standard of rebel-
lion be raised on the occasion, and be respected
when it is raised? That is it. But now I will put
the hypothesis of the Senator himself. Suppose it
be a right on the part of the citizen of North Car-
olina that he take his slaves there, and that right
be temporarily denied: is it true that every indi-
vidnal right, suspended, temporized with, delayed,
not instantly recognized, that that shall be a cause
of civil war, that that shall be an occasion for over-
throwing a Government which has stood so long
as this, and has achieved the dignity that this has ?
You have read a Declaration of Independence
which was put forth less than a hundred years ago,
by men who knew what revolution meant. You
know what causes they assigned to an intelligent
world to justify their act. Road it again. I ask
the Senate, 1 ask the Senator, to read it again, and
then compare it with any ordinance of independ-
ence which he has yet seen put forth by any State
south of the city of Washington in which we
stand, and then let him state to the Senate whether
he thinks that the denial of such aright as this, in
the estimate of the world, is a cause for civil war,
or war of any kind.
Sir, I was about to say, some time ago, when
I was led into this dialogue, suppose there be a
technical right on the part of the citizen of Ken-
tucky to take this property of his into the Terri-
tory of Nevada: and suppose that right be denied
by the Government of the country: what does the
right amount to? I suppose the citizen of New
York ought to have the right, if he chooses, to
take flour into the State of Wisconsin. But sup-
pose the right be denied: do you think New York
would set up the standard of rebellion becausc of
it? When ilour is worth six dollars a barrel in
New York, it is worth five dollars in Wisconsin;
and it is not really a right so sacred or so essen-
tial as 1 think would authorize the Empire State
to plunge into civil war if it were denied. Is the
right to take slaves into a Territory more import-
ant to the people of Kentucky? 1 suppose a good
farm-hand in the State of Kentucky is worth
$1,000 or $1,200. Take him into the Territory
of Nevada, and he is not worth his board and
clothing. Why do they wish to preserve a right
at the hazard of war which can only bo carried
out by the sscrificc of all value ? Andl want Sen-
ators to say here if that is a right to enforce which
the peace and the prosperity of all these States
must be put in jeopardy.
Sir, we do not propose, then, to subjugate any
State, nor to make war upon any State. That
has been announced by the highest authority we
have, and I believe by the most credible authority
we have. Let it be believed; let it be believed
south and north of this place; and if any men,
injudicious, unthinking, unreading, suspicious
men, see fit to doubt it, then I ask the Senator
from Illinois to unite with us here in showing to
every portion of the country that no such design
exists or will be executed, and say to them at the
same time, that while we uo not propo.se to make
war, we do not propose that war shall be made
upon us. That, I think, will do something to
pacify the country.
Mr. President, I neversaved the country in my
life; but 1 really believe I know how this country
might be saved. 1 say it is not by dissolvingthe
Union, but by supporting it. It is not by abjur-
ing the Constitution, but by taking fast hold of it.
That Constitution, sir, is the grand old ark which
our fathers launched upon threatening floods, and
freighted with the hopes of an uprisen world. If
you scuttle that ark, those hopes will be scat-
tered, to be gathered again; but when, or upon
what strange shore, we do not know. We know
they will be gathered again, and again those iden-
tical hopes will be intrusted not to a better ship;
you cannot find a better one; it has not been con-
structed, and is not likely to be; but intrusted,
we hope, to wiser captains and to more faithful
seamen.
Does any man, or any class of men, complain
of rights withheld ? Is justice denied to any State
or to any section ? Let those individuals or that
class, let that State or that section, go bravely to
the people of the United States for redress, and
not to the people of any one State. Are you the
victim of a private wrong? Their courts are open
to yourrelief. Do you wish a newpolicy adopted,
or an old one changed ? Their Legislature is open
to hear you; and, if your cause is just, no doubt
they will answer.
Sir, do you know any people wiser or juster
than the people of the United States? We hear
a great deal said about the confederate States; it
is said there are seven of them; it is said thatsev-
eral other States, " like a man to double purpose
bound, stand in pause" whether they shall go or
stay; whether they shall abide with us, or join
their fortunes with those of the confederate States;
and they say that unless we give them new guar-
antees of some sort, they will go, and will not
stay. What guarantees can we give them, except
the faith of the people of the United States, plighted
to them by the most solemn form of contract that
man has ever devised? You'have got that al-
ready. Suppose you go: what will you have to
rely upon but the faith of the people of the con-
federate States ? Are they wiser, are they juster,
are they more magnanimous, than the people of
the United States? Do you believe it? Would
you feel safer there? I have not learned to believe
that; and especially, if I could believe that those
people were fairly represented by the men who
conduct their public affairs.
Sir, you have seen your treasures, the treasures
which belonged to the United States, taken pos-
session of without the color or semblance of right.
Is that the sort of justice you believe in? You
have seen a battalion of armed men gather around
a garrison—no, a fort of the U nitcd States occupied
by one old man—and carry it by storm. Is that
the sort'of magnanimity you think becoming a
generous people? You have seen a soldier of
high rank, educated and supported by the people
of the United States, raised to the rank, I think,
of a brigadier, put in possession of an important
command, placed in custody of valuable property,
surrender it all to a jurisdiction which had no
control over it, to which he was in no manner
responsible, and actually lay the flag of his coun-
try at the feet of an enemy of his country. Is
that the sort of fidelity to which Representatives
of the States south of us, cither on the Gulf or the
borders, think it would be safe, peculiarly safe,
to intrust the rights of their citizens? I do not
think so. I must be excused for saying I would
rather put. my trust in the judgment and in the
justice of the people of the United States; and
whatever be your cause of complaint, therefore,
lay it before them; take their response to it; but
beware of one, great, fatal blunder: if their judg-
ments are convined, they will grant relief; but
until you can convince their judgments, do not, for
God's sake, and for your sakes, undertake to sub-
due their wills. You do not rightly comprehend,
I fear, what the people of the United States are
composed of.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Breck-
inridge] indulged, the other day, in most grati-
fying reflections. He turned us all back to the
period when the citizens of his own State fought
the battles of our common country upon the plains
of the Northwest. We have not forgotten that
passage in our history—not a word of it, not a
syllable of it. That blood is all gathered up there,
and is still circulating there. We cannot carry
back those bones which, he told us, were bleach-
