540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
which isa public navigable stream, but give seven
hundred and fifty thousand acres of land to his
State to make the canal, and authorize it to levy
tolls besides ?
Mr, CHANDLER. Certainly it did, sir. That
was not a navigable place at all. It was similar
to the canal around the Niagara falls.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is notthat river navigable ?
Mr. CHAN DLER. It is a different case en-
tirely. I do not wish to make any factious oppo-
sition to this joint resolution; it may be an excep-
tional case; but I am opposed to the whole system
of port and tonnage dues and toll-gates.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator from
Michigan in regard to the system as a general
system; and I regret that the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] should have advocated it to-day.
1 believe it is a system to which he is very much
wedded. I do not believe in it as a general sys-
tem; and, therefore, in voting for this measure, I
do not give-my assent to that system. But here
is a navigable stream that has been obstructed by
a raft. There is no navigation there now, and
every year is adding to the impossibility of re-
moving that raft. If something of this kind had
been done years ago, perhaps the raft might have
been removed and the river be now clear. But
the navigation of this river has been destroyed;
and the question arises, how can the navigation
be opened r Congress will not do it. We all
know that. We therefore propose to authorize
these States to do it through a company. I believe
we owe it to the people who reside in that section
of the country to have this river made navigable,
if they can do it. I shall vote for it as a just
measure. It stands, in my judgment, alone; there
is no other case like it in any other part of the
country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I regret that
any lemark I made on the general system should
operate against this particular bill. I was induced
to make those remarks in reply to my collcogue,
who had illustrated his position by a reference
to the Mississippi river, and thereby seemed to
render it necessary for me to answer his objection.
The point involved is simply whether we shall
allow the local authorities to make an improve-
ment so as to render the river navigable where it
is not now navigable. It is navigable up to the
raft and above the raft, but there is no navigation
across the raft. We might grant land for a rail-
road around the raft, or we might authorize the
removal of the raft, and the building oflocks and
dams, or any other mode by which it can be done.
The question is simply, in what manner shall we
overcome the obstacle of this portage ? Now, I
am not willing to recognize the principle that the
States may not connect the navigable waters above
and below a portage, either by a canal, and im-
pose a tax or tolls, or in any other mode. My
own State is interested in that question. The Illi-
nois river is navigable to a point within one hun-
dred miles of Chicago. The lakes are navigable
to within one hundred miles of that same point.
Here is ,1 portage; and across that navigation used
to be carried in small boats up the Illinois river,
and through Desplains, Mud Lake, into Chicago
harbor. That is one of the portages that is de-
clared by the ordinance of 1787, and the compact '
admitting Illinois into the Union, to be forever
free. Yet we have spent $10,000,000 in making
a canal across that very portage, which, by the
terms of the compact, is to be fotover free of toll,
and have collected tolls upon it. If we have not
a right to do that, then we are to lose the sum of
$10,000,000. I hold that a canal, and the impo-
sition of tolls to improve navigation, is not in
conflict with the provision that you shall not levy
taxes or duties upon the navigation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, it has been decided in the courts
again and again, in all those northwestern States,
that such tolls are not in violation of the compact
nor of the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very well aware of that;
but yet the objection is being urged here notwith-
standing that decision. A similar case has been
cited by the Senator from Louisiana. There the
navigation of the lake is complete up to the foot
of the rapids. It is complete in Lake Superior.
Here is a mile or two of a rapid that is nofnav-
igable. We have authorized a canal around it;
and the taxing of tolls by which aship now can go
from Buffalo to the head of Lake Superior and
back. It pays no toll where the water was nav-
igable by nature. It pays toll on the artificial im-
provement to connect them. The same is true
of all the canals of Ohio, between the lakes and
the Mississippi. Those were portages free by
the compact, and yet we have gotcanals on them.
The one connecting the Wabash and Maumee
rivers was a portage free by compact; yet we have
canals over it. This is only giving our assent
to do what has .been done in Ohio, Indiana, and Ill-
inois, in regard to improvements that have fifty
or a hundred million of capital involved. I am not
willing to acquiesce in an argument that declares
that that was wrongfully done, and that that cap-
ital is not secure; nor am I willing to withhold
from the States of Arkansas, Texas, and Louisi-
ana, the same privileges that we have exercised
with so much usefulness to ourselves in our own
States. I will not'prolong the debate, because a
vote is more important than a speech.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the objection to this bill arises from a con-
flict between the two systems. Here is one party
in the Senate who assert that Congress has alone
the power to remove these obstructions, and an-
other party thatassert that the States alone should
do it; and between the two this bill is in danger;
one contending that it shall not be done by the
Slates, because Congress ought to do it, and the
other that the States ought to do it, and that Con-
gress ought not to do it. Now, sir, I am in favor
of both of these systemsin different cases. I think
there are some improvements which Congress
ought to make to rivers and harbors, and I would
cheerfully vote for them. I think there are other
improvements that, when the States are willing,
they maybe permitted to make; and this is one of
those, because here Congress has once attempted
it, and has failed to do it. Now, Congress failing
to do it, ought we to prohibit the States from doing
it? Not at all.
I want to suggest to my friend from Michigan
this inquiry; I want to ask him which he would
rather have, atoll-gate on the Red river, permit-
ting vessels to get through on paying toll, or a
perpetual obstruction of twelve miles ill length,
which will never let a vessel through? He says
he does not want to hamper commerce. How-
can he effectually hamper it more than by letting
this raft lie there ?
Now, sir, I am entirely agreed that this is one
of the cases, if ever a case could arise, where we
ought to permit the States to do it. Here is a raft,
twelve miles in length, which obstructs the navi-
gation to a very great degree. The river is an
important one to these Stales; and now the ques-
tion is, whether we shall forever put a barrier
across that river, twelve miles in length, or let
these States remove it. I am entirely in favor of
letting the States do it; and I do not find any pro-
vision in any of the treaties of the United States
with any other Government, which prevents it. I
have examined the treaty with Great Britain, of
1783; I have examined the treaty with Spain, of
1795; and I have examined the treaty of cession, of
1803; and I do not find anything in cither of these
treaties that prohibits us in any way from grant-
ing this privilege to the States. It seems to me,
that if these States desire this improvement in the
river—an improvement at a point so remote from
the mouth of the river, where foreign commerce
would notbe likely to go—wo ought to allow them
to make that improvement. It may be suggested
that the commerce of another State will be taxed.
Perhaps that would be so; but as the raft now is,
the commerce of other States is absolutely pro-
hibited from passing there; and hence I go for
removing the raft, or permitting these States to
remove it, and open the commerce to these States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not surprised that
the Senator from New Hampshire should call me
to account for my views upon commerce. He
lives upon a river which is navigable for canoes'
at high water, and terminates, I think, about
twenty-four miles above where he lives. His
views of navigation are evidently confined to the
Merrimac river. He evidently does not under-
stand that there are two thousand miles of navi-
gation above the Red river raft; that there is a
country capable of making nineteen or twenty
States, largerthan theoneherepresents;thatthere
is to be a commerce there greater than the present
commerce of all New England, before many years
shall have passed. He is not aware of the fact
that the toll that is allowed to-day by this bill—
which perhaps would be only sufficient to pay a
fair interest upon the expense at this time—may
amount, even in ten years, to $10,000,000. Why,
sir, when I first removed to Michigan—I do not
like to say how long ago, for it is a good while,
twenty-seven years ago—the same tonnage duty
that you allow in this bill on the Red river raft,
would not have made it an object to clear out the
St. Clair fiats, and to deepen the channel; but to-
day that same tax would amount to more than
fifteen million dollars per annum. The Senator
cannot understand these figures, because they
cannot be based upon the river where he lives.
What does he know about the commerce of the
Northwest ? Why, sir, it is the commerce of the
Merrimac river that he is describing. I am not
surprised.
Mr. CLARK and Mr. HALE both addressed
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Which one?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The one fur-
thest from the Chair.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. CLARK. Allow me one moment.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no.
Mr. CLARK. I think you should allow me.
Mr. HALE. After me. 1 think 1 understand
this case.
Mr. CLARK. I think I do too.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I want to recon-
cile all these views, if I can; and I think we can
enlist the Senator from Michigan by an amend-
ment which I propose to send to the Chair, includ-
ing the St. Clair flats. [Laughter.] 1 think if
that were put in, it would silence him. I confess,
sir, 1 am sorry, very sorry, to hear these belittling
remarks made upon the State of New Hampshire,
in regard to New Hampshire and her rivers, and
particularly the Merrimac river. But, sir, let New
Hampshire be belittled as much as she may in
that respect, I will place her before the woild,
and challenge admiration for her over all the other
States of the Union, by announcing that, though
her streams are small, she produced the Senator
from Michigan. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. 1 do agree, sir, that I live upon
the side of a small river on which they pay toll.
Right by the side of that river the Senator from
Michigan was born—within a stone's throw of it.
I understand very well his objection to tolls. They
built dams across the rivei in early times, and
prevented him from catchingshad; and ever since
he has been opposed to toll. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, for the ben-
efit of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolit-
tle,] and also for the benefit of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] I desire to call
their attention to the condition on which these
States-were admitted into the Union. I under-
stand the Senator from Wisconsin to say that the
courts have decided that the levying of tonnage
duties is a different thing from the collecting of
tolls. Ifwonder if the courts have ever decided
that this language does not include toll—I read
from the act of Congress 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the Senator from
Illinois was not in his seat when I made the re-
mark, and he may have misapprehended me. My
remark was, that the Federal courts in the north-
western States had decided that where improve-
ments have been allowed upon those rivers which,
by the ordinance of 1787, were made free—im-
provements upon falls or over portages—and tolls
have been allowed to be collected, it is not a vio-
lation of the compact, nor of the constitutions of
those States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can very well conceive
that the building of a canal around the falls of a
river would not be an interference with the navi-
gation of the river. It would be a very different
thing from this, I apprehend.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to inquire of
my friend, what is the difference between building
a canal around the falls and cuttinga canal through
a raft of logs twelve miles long?
Mr. TRUMBULL. One, I think,isan improve-
ment made upon the landube other is an attempt
to make an improvement in the river itself, and
to charge tolls for it. But I will read, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Wisconsin and his
courts, the condition on which these States came
