542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
gress should be given; because, without the con-
sent of Congress, Arkansas could not agree with
Texas, or with Louisiana, to expend the monev
in this joint work of cutting a channel through
this raft.
I have read all that is necessary to show that
the imposing a duty upon artificial navigation
created by aState is not an interference with the
navigable waters of the Mississippi or the nav-
igable waters flowing into the lakes.
I suggest, in answer to one objection which is
made by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] and in which, perhaps, there is some force,
that we propose to consent now to any acts of
incorporation which may hereafter be passed by
these States, that it may be proper to insert a pro-
viso in addition to the one which has already been
inserted, providing that no discrimination shall bo
made among the citizens of the United States;
which would be a limitation upon any supposed
power that might be exercised by those States
against the interests of other citizens; and we
should all stand precisely upon the same footing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will suggest
to the Senator, in whose views I concur in every
respect, (and I am very glad lie has expressed
tliem,) that I would wish, if it will meet with his
own approval, that the resolution might not be
embarrassed by further amendment. It is utterly
impossible that these three States can ever be
brought to such a step as that of drawing a dis-
crimination either against one class of persons, or
one class of States,"or one class of goods that are
to be carried there. There are not less than fifty
thousand people who arc dependent upon this
improvement, and they are now suffering for the
want of it; and I assume that it is impossible
there can be any partial legislation in reference to
this matter. The existence of the corporation
which it is designed shall be in force to remove
the raft is already limited to thirty years. By an
amendment already adopted, the power is con-
ferred on the President, at the expiration of ten
years, if the Government of the United States
shall choose to do so, to take possession of the
work upon simply paying the expenditures that
have been made, and seven per cent, interest. All
these provisions would protect the interest to
which the Senator alludes.
But I do not rise for the purpose of entering into
any debate upon the resolution. I have, so often
seen in this Chamber those who are extremely
anxious to pass measures that affect their constit-
uents, destroy them, by themselves entering ex-
tensively into the debate, and thus provoking it
from others, that 1 am forwarned against it; and
am not inclined, and will not consent, to go into
the debate, the more particularly as I conceive it
to bo now entirely unnecessary. The question
has been debated by those who are against the
measure, at some length, and certainly at greater
length than by any one that advocates the pas-
sage of the joint resolution. We have now the as-
surance of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Tuitm-
boi.l,] who chiefly opposes this measure, that he
has said all that he wishes to say on the subject;
and of his sincerity I have no doubt. I trust and
hope he will adhere to it, and give to the meas-
ure itself a fair o_ppoitumty to be passed or to be
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Under these
circumstances,! appeal—and I think I have some
right to appeal—to those who are in favor of the
measure itself to permit a vote to be taken, since
there remains but a few minutes more of the time to
which this measure is limited by order of the Sen-
ate. I ask that the sense of the Senate be taken.
I think, feeling such an interest as I do in this
measure, that 1 have forborne and have consumed
as little time as any one I have ever known on this
floor. I beg that we may have a -vote.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I merely wish to say that
my constituents are very deeply interested in this
improvement, and I would express some views
on the subject, if it were not that it would per-
haps embarrass the passage of tjje joint resolu-
tion; and I prefer to keep silent, rather than that
the resolution should be embanasscd.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint res-
olution to be read a third time. It was read the
third time, aijd passed.
REPORT OS PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That tiieie be printed —— copies of the report
of tiie Commissioner of Public Lands. thousand for
the use of the Senate, and one thousand for the use of the
Geneiai Land Office.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
467) granting a pension to Eliza Reeves; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask the Senate
to excuse me from serving on the special com-
mittee which was raised upon the subject of the
tariff. I learned this morning that I was named
on that committee. I wish to bo excused from
serving on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Foster in
the chair.) The Senator from Maine requests to
be excused from serving on the special committee
on the tariff bill.
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
stated that there was no vote in the affirmative.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Vice
President fill the vacancy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard no response in the affirmative on the vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I voted "ay." That was
the response.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I ought to state
the reason. I do not wish to avoid any labor that
is properly to be imposed upon me; but I am on
the Committee on Finance, which requires a great
deal of my attention at the present time, and must
necessarily do so; and my health is really so poor
that I am unable to do the additional labor. I
would do it with great pleasure if I could, but I
am unable to do so.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Vice
President be authorized to fill the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Collamer
was appointed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GVVIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. It
was laid aside for the purpose of disposing of the
joint resolution which has just been passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The motion, I believe,
is to take up the railroad bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion before the Senate. It was postponed until
two o'clock; but the Senator from California
moves to take it up at the present time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know much
about the order of business, and of course I have
no dispute on that subject; but I would inquire if
the resolutions which' I some time ago had the
honor to submit, and which were the subject of
our proceedings on the day before yesterday,are
not unfinished business also, and prior, in point
of time, to the railroad bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that those resolutions were the special order;
but that the Pacific railroad bill, being the unfin-
ished business yesterday,takes precedenceof that
as a special order, and was in order at one o'clock;
but, by a vote of the Senate, was postponed until
two o clock, m order that the discussion might
proceed upon the joint resolution which has just
passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am satisfied, then,
with the decision of the Chair; and I now move
that that bill be postponed, in order that the Sen-
ate may proceed to take up the resolutions to
which I have referred. Mr. President, I think
that those resolutions, considering the subject to
which they refer, and considering the condition
of the country, are entitled, befoie all other sub-
jects, to the consideration of the Senate. I do not
'wish to be importunate about this matter. I feel
it my duty to be urgent; and it is for that reason,
I have no doubt, that I often make myself un-
pleasant to gentlemen who have favorite meas-
ures by continually asking for the consideration
of this subject. I do it as a matter of duty. I
hope the railroad bill will be postponed,and those
resolutions taken up and acted upon.
While I am up, sir, I desire to say another word.
On a former day in the Senate, while we were in
secret or executive session, I made some remarks
on subjects then before the Senate. It was in se-
cret session. I understand that something pur-
porting to be a speech of mine, delivered on that
occasion, was published a day or two afterwards
as the speech delivered by me on that occasion.
I do not know that anybody would be so fairly
the object of suspicion as I would be myself for
having connived at or authorized it, or assisted in
its publication. I do not think any of my brother
Senators would suspect that Iliad any agency in
this publication. I, however, take this occasion,
and feel it, perhaps, a duty to myself, to say that
I not only had no part or agency whatever in it,
but I consider it a violation of the rules of the Sen-
ate; and the publication ought to be looked upon
as spurious. I have not seen it. I have not read
it, and never intend to read it, nor willingly to
hear a repetition of its contents. I will give no,
countenance to anything published so spuriously,
and in violation of all the lules of the Senate. I
do not know what it contains. I disavow it all. It
is not made by any authority that is entitled to
credit or belief.
I have heard, casually, that 1 am represented
with having, in that speech, advocated strongly,
indeed fiercely, the policy of coercion in respect
to the seceding States. Mr. President, I did no
such thing; and you know it. I did say that, in my
judgment, the Congress of the United States had
the powER, but the exercise of it was always a
question of expediency, and that there might be
cases to which that power was plainly applicable,
and where it ought to be exercised; and nobody
can be at a loss to imagine such cases, arising in
either States or Territories.
If the District of Columbia were to undertake
to secede,and give us notice that, having resumed
her ancient sovereignty, she desired us to aban-
don the Capitol, does any man suppose that the
Government could acquiesce in such a proceed-
ing; or that, if persisted in, it should not employ
force to put it down ? Certainly not. I expressly
said that now was not the occasion or the time
for the application of any doctrine or policy of
coercion; but by some misunderstanding or other
of the publisher of this supposed speech of mine,
I am represented as a determined and fierce ad-
vocate of coercion now upon the seceding States.
I said the direct contrary.
Sir, this is all I have now to say on the sub-
ject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Pacific railroad bill, and all other special
orders,be postponed for the purpose of taking up
for consideration the resolutions introduced by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. GWIN. It is most unpleasant to me to
be opposing this motion whenever the Senator
makes it; but,unfortunately, there is a conflict in
the order of business between those resolutions
and a measure which is of such consequence to
the State that I in part represent, that I am com-
pelled always to give it precedence over any other
business that comcs before the Senate, if I do
justice to the public sentiment of my State. I am
m favor of the Senator's resolutions. I believe
that is generally well understood, for I think I
have said so about a dozen times; but I hope lie
will let us go on to-day and see if we cannot dis-
pose of the question now before the Senate. I
think we can, and then I shall be willing to give
his resolutions precedence, if my vote will do so,
until they are disposed of. I think if we get
through with one thing at a time, we shall make
more progress. I hope, therefore, that the rail-
road bill will not be postponed.
Adr. CRITTENDEN. Itwasbutafewdaysago
that my friend's bill, after occupying a great deal
of the time of the Senate, lost its place among the
regular orders of the Senate. We were then con-
sidering these resolutions, discussingand debating
them. Instead of pursuing his own maxim, and
doing one thing at a time, those resolutions were
put aside, and somehow or other the railroad bill,
on account of its great superiority to any con-
sideration that attached to the safety of the Union,
has taken precedence.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will permit me to
say that his resolutions were put aside in order to
take up the tariff—another question entirely
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am speaking of a
