1801,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made as great efforts to defeat them if I thought
they would have acted with as much wisdom and
patriotism.
Mr. CLARK. You did not defeat them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Wo; nor would I have made
as great efforts to defeat them.
Mr. CLARK. You did us no harm. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I did not defeat you, it
was not my fault. I used my best effort to do it.
Mr. CLARK. You could not quite come it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I could not quite come it,
and you see the consequences. Seven States are
out of the Union, civil war is impending over you,
commerce is interrupted, confidence destroyed,
the country going to pieces, just because 1 was
unable to defeat you. No man in America be-
lieves these consequences would have resulted if
I had been successful in my efforts to defeat you.
You can boast that you have defeated me, but
you have defeated your country with me. You
can boast that you have triumphed over me, but
you have triumphed over the unity of these Stales.
Your triumph has brought disunion; and God
only knows what consequences may grow out
of it.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the Senator
that it is the election of President Lincoln instead
of some one of the other candidates, that has
caused the dissolution of the Union ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin can understand me just as I say. If I had
succeeded in defeating your party at the presiden-
tial election, thereby rendering it certain that the
policy of that party was not to be carried into
effect, the people of the southern States would
have rested in security that they were safe, and
the Union never would have been dissolved.
Mr. HOWE. What policy is that?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The policy of a sectional
party, that makes war upon the institution of
slavery as it exists m the States of the Union;
and wishes to use the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment to cripple it wherever the Constitution,
according to-your construction, does not forbid.
Mr. HOWE. That is the very point upon
which I want the Senator's testimony.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, you have got it.
Mr. HOWE. That the Republican party is
not in favor of any sectional party. It is in favor
of maintaining the authority of the whole people
of the Union over all questions within their juris-
diction.
Mr. DOUGLA.S. That, I suppose, depends
upon what is meant, by the words " sectional
party." { presume there will be no controversy
about the proposition that the Republican party
rests upon the basis ofhostility to the institution
of slavery wherever it exists to the extent that the
Constitution of the United States does not forbid
your interference. Under that construction of the
Constitution, you claim the right to prohibit sla-
very in all the Territories of the United States by
act of Congress. Not only that, but you assert
that Congress is clothed with the power and duty
thus to prohibit, and that you are going to use the
authority of this Federal Government to tile ex-
tent of the powers conferred by the Constitution,
according to your construction of it, to cripple,
restrain, ajjd destroy what you call the "slave
power" in this country. That being youravowed
policy, the southern States, when you triumphed
in the piesidential election, came to the conclu-
sion that you were in earnest; that you had not
been proclaiming these principles to the northern
people for the purpose of deceiving them into
giving you support; and that you meant to do just
what you pretended you would do. Hence they
expected that the moment you got power, you
would take up the bill of last year which you had
passed through the House of Representatives,
which was lying on the table of the Senate—to
repeal the slave code of New Mexico, and abolish
slavery in that Territory; but these southern peo-
ple did you injustice in supposing you intended
to do any such thing. The result proves that you
did not intend to do it, and that the apprehensions
of the southern people were not well founded. It
seems that these professions of an intention to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories were made only j
for the purpose of getting northern votes. 'When
you had accomplished your object, you aban-
doned all idea of passing the bill, if indeed you
ever entertained it, for fear it might disturb the
peace of the Union. Hence 1 thought the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] did you
great injustice the other day, when, he said that
you had not abated one iota from the platform of
your party, or the creed of the Republican organ-
ization. I think that you haveabated much. You
have abandoned the aggressive policy of abolish-
ing slavery in ail the country south of the thirty-
seventh parallel. You have made further sacri-
fices than that for the sake of peace and the Union.
I give you credit for them. You have passed ter-
ritorial bills organizing the Territories of Colo-
rado, Nevada, Dakota, on the principle of—what?
The Nebraska villainy, if I may be permitted to
repeat the polite language of the Senator from
Wisconsin. I never deemed myself at liberty to
use the word in the Senate before; but, inasmuch
as the Senator used it, and appealed to the Chair
to know whether it was any violation of decorum,
and silence gave consent, I suppose now 1 may
be permitted to say that you organized all the
Territories we now possess on the identical prin-
ciple of the Nebraska villainy !
Mr, HOWE. Now really, Mr. President, let
me assure the Senator that I did not cut that coat
for him at all, nor for the Nebraska bill. I spoke
of an act of the Government of the United States
imposing slavery upon a Territory as a villainous
act, and not the mere enactment of a law organ-
izing a Territory and omitting to exclude slavery.
I should not, out of deference to the Senator, have
spoken of such an act as a villainous one.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am very glad, Mr. Presi-
dent, to hear that explanation, and I take it in all
sincerity. I thought the gentleman was a man of
too much intelligence ever to have said or thought
that the Nebraska bill was a villainy; and I did
not expect to hear that from him, and I am very
glad, therefore, to be corrected. I know that some
politicians, for political effect, were in the habit
of so representing it some years ago, in order to
get votes, but I never supposed any of them be-
lieved it. The Senator, therefore, referred only
to an act of the Fedetal Government to establish
slavery in a Territory. 1 do not know what act
of this Federal Government ho refers to. I am
not aware that the Federal Government ever
passed an act establishing slavery anywhere. I
never heard of such a law. The Federal Govern-
ment has passed acts to prohibit slavery in some
places, but never to establish it, to maintain it, to
protect it, or to keep it in any place. Hence the
Senator was mistaken in using the word "vil-
lainy" in this connection, for it seems none had
ever occurred. It was rnerdy a Lap?;us lingucv, and
therefore, of course, the reporter will not keep it
in the report.
It is true that in the beginning of this Govern-
ment slavery was prohibited by law in the terri-
tory northwest of the Ohio river. That prohibi-
tion continued up to 1858, when Minnesota was
admitted into the Union; that is, it continued
within the limits of each Territory until it became
a State. That prohibition of Congress never ceased
until 1858. In 1820 Congress passed an act to
prohibit slavery north of 36° 30' within the Lou-
isiana purchase. This prohibition continued until
it was practically superseded by the compromise j
measures of 1850, and on the statute-book until i
removed in 1854 by the act called the Nebraska
bill. In 1848, Congress passed an act prohibiting
slavery in Oregon. That continued until 1859,
when Oregon became a State. Hence, from the
beginning of this Government down to 1859, sla-
very was prohibited by the Congress in some
portion of the Territories of the United States.
But now, for the first time in the history of this
Government, there is no foot of ground in Amer-
ica where slavery is prohibited by act of Congress.
You of the other side of the Cfiamber, by the
unanimous vote of every Republican in this body
and every Republican m the House of Represent-
atives, have organized all the Territories of the
United States on the principle of non-intervention
by Congress with the question of slavery, leaving
the people to do as they please, subject to the
limitations of the Constitution. Hence I think
the Senator from Kentucky fell into a grave error
of fact, as well as of law, when he said the'other
day that you had not abated one jot of your
creed; that you had not abandoned your aggress-
ive policy in the Territories, and that you were
now pursuing the policy of excluding the southern
people fifim all the Territories of the United
States. You have by unanimous vote this year
declared in the most solemn form that such'is no
longer the policy of yo.ur party. The Senator
from Kentucky was led Intothis error by reading
the Chicago platform. He read the platform'
adopted before the election as evidence of' what^
the party intended to do after election. That was ~
a great mistake. The result proves that it was a
mistake. What you may have said before the
election was one thing. -What you felt it your
duty as patriots to do immediately after the elec-
tion is a very different thing. After having se-
cured the power, you went to work and organized
all the Territories that we have now got, on the
principle of non-intervention and popular sover-
eignty, according to the model of the compromise
measures of 1850, and the Kansas-Nebraska bill
of 1854, without prohibiting slavery anywhere.
Hence we are bound to infer and forced to admit,
as an act of simple justice, that you have aban-
doned your crusade against slavery in the Terri-
tories and have recognized the right of slavehold-
ers to an equal participation in all the Territories
of the United States. In fact, there never has
been a time, since the Government was founded,
when the right of slaveholders to emigrate to the
Territories and carry with them their slaves, and
hold them on an equal footing with all other prop-
erty, was so fully and distinctly recognized in all
the Territories as at this time, and that, too, by
the unanimous vote of the Republicaff party in
both Houses of Congress.
The Senator from Kentucky has told you that
the southern States now in the Union will never
be satisfied to remain in it unless they get terms
that will give them either a right, in common with
all the other States, to emigrate into the Territo-
ries, or that will secure to them their rights in the
Territories on the principle of an equitable divis-
ion. These are the only terms on which, as he
says, those southern States now in the Union
will consent to remain. I wish to call the atten-
tion of that distinguished Senator to the fact that,
under the law, as it now stands, the South have
all the rights which he claims. First, southern
men have the right to emigrate into all the Terri-
tories, and carry thsir slave property with them,
on an equality with the citizens of the other States;
secondly, they have an equitable partition of the
Territories assigned by law, all slave territory up
to 37° instead of 36° 30', half a degree more tha%
they claim. The Senator- Was mistaken, there-
fore, both in law and-fact, in supposing that the
South have been excluded. ■ He will not say that
the Kansas-Nebraska bill excluded the South, nor
that the compromise measures of 1850 excluded
them; nor can he say that the territorial bills
passed this year exclude them; for they are all
on the same basis, so far as the question of sla-
very in the Territories is concerned. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky, supposing that the Repub-
licans had not yielded these points, gives us this
emphatic warning:
" Whatever settlement may be made of other questions,
thi-5 must he settled upon terms that will give them [the
South] eithei a right, in common with othtirs, to emigrate
into ail the territory, or will secure to them tlieir rights on
a puncipie of equitable division."
Now, under the laws as they stand, in every
Territory of the United States, without any ex-
ception, a southern man can go with his slavfe
property 011 equal terms with all other property.
What are those terms? All persons and all prop-
erty go into the Territories of the United States
subject to the local law. Congress has nothing to
do %vith the local legislation for the protection of
persons and property in the Territories. All that
Congress does is to organize the Territory, define
thejurisdictionofthe territorial government, allow
the people to elect a Legislature, and make laws
for the protection of persons and property. Con-
gress has never yet passed a law to protect cattle,
horses, or merchandise, in the Territories; Con-
gress has never yet passed a law to protect slave
property in 0 Tenitory; Congress has never passed
a law to protect any kind of property whatever in
a Territory. All that Congress has done is to say:
" the legislative power of said Territory shall ex-
tend to all rightful subjects of legislation consist-
ent with the Constitution of the United States,"
without excepting cattle, horses, merchandise, or
any other kind of property, and without except-
ing persons—black or white, free or bond. Hence
every man, either from the North or South, may
