THS O0NG-RISS1OFAL GLOBE.
—_  -
March 25.
go into the Territories with his property on terms
of exact equality, subject to the ioeal law; and
slave property stands on an equal footing with all
othei' kinds of-property in the Territories of the
United States. It now stands on an equal footing
in-all the-Territories for the first time., I have
shown you that, up to 185ft, little more than a year
ago, it was prohibited, in part of the Territories.
It is not prohibited^ any where now,. For the first
time, under Republican rule, the southern States
have secured thftt equality of.rights in the Terri-
tories for theiv slave property which they have
bsen .demanding so long. ,
.IVtr- W ADE. , We are very generous.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senatorfrom Ohio says
they are generous. 1 agree you are generous.
You have acted both generously and magnani-
mously oti this occasion. • You have come for-
ward ani} .done for the South just what I have
been urging you to do for twelve years; what
you would not do when you were in a minority;
what-you abused me for doing when I was in the
majority; what you are compelled to do your-
selves, by a sense of justice, the moment you get
in the majority. 1 submit, therefore, to the Sen-
ateand to the country, whetherthe southern States
have not reason to rejoice in the liberal policy
that is being extended to them by the Republi-
cans, in the Territories. I rejoice at the estab-
lishment of ,thispolicy; although it is done by a
party to wftich I am opposed. The only motive
I had for desiring to be President, was to carry
out this policy. You defeated meand then adopted
the principle, and 1 am magnanimous enough to
giveyou credit for patriotism in adopting it. 1
do ,not taunt you with this change. It is the
highest evidence of your capacity to govern, this
ccmntry, that you have changed according to the
necessity of the case. That man is not fit to rule
a.great people who boasts that he never changed
an opinion or reversed his action. Wise states-
men always conform their action to the existing
condition of things, and.change it just as fast as
the safety, the prosperity, the honor of their coun-
try require. 1 give you credit for having aban-
doned, the doctrme of congressional prohibition.
Ever since 1846, when the ^ilmot proviso was
offered in the other House by u gentleman now
holding a seat on this floor, up to this day, there
lias been a struggle on the part of what are now
<^lled Republicans, to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories by act of Congress. During that whole
time, the new Senator from Pennsylvania was
leading the host, with his name as the symbol of
the party creed.. The Wilinot proviso was their
shibboleth. It meant prohibition of slavery by
Congress in all the Territories. He lias triumphed
after his labors of fourteen years in that cause,
and he has arrived here just time enough to find
that his own party, by a unanimous vote in the
Senate, and a unanimous vote in the House of
Representatives,have repudiated the Wilmot pro-
viso; have given up the distinctive feature of their
policy; have rejected the corner-stone of the tem-
ple, and have all come over to non-intervention
and popular sovereignty, which they so long pro-
fessed to abhor, and I have no doubt very sin-
cerely.
iMr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow, me to
ask why there is not peace, if we have adopted
the peaceful policy?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; I will tell you. It is
just because you have not satisfied the people of
the South that you have done so. It is on your
statute-book; it is on the Journals; but the laws
and Journals have not been published, and you
gentlemen over there, from pride of opinion, re-
fuse to acknowledge the truth, even after you
have done the act; and a Senator on this side,
taking it for granted that you had not done that
which you would not admit that you had done,
testifies that youhavenotabatedaninch. Hence,
by the joint testimony of both sides of the Cham-
ber, the southern people are kept in the dark in
regard to the fact that your Wilmot proviso is
abandoned; that congressional prohibitionisgiven
up; that the aggressive policy is repudiated; and
hereafter, the southern man and the northern man
may move into the Territories with their property
on terms of entire equality, withcftit excepting
slaves or any other kind of property.
Whatmore do the southern States want? What
more can any man demand? Non-intervention
is all you asked. Will it be said the South re-
quired, in addition to this, laws of Congress to
protect slavery in the Territories? That cannot
be said; for only last May iheSenate, by anearly
unanimous vote—a unanimous vote of the south-
ern men, with one or two exceptions—declared
that affirmative legislation was not needed at this
time. Inasmuch, then, as no legislation by Con-
gress for the protection of slavery is necessary;
inasmuch as no occasion has ever arisen to render
it necessary; and inasmuch as ihe prohibitive
policy of the Republicans is abandoned, and non-
intervention now established by law in all the
Terx-itories, without exception, what cause is there
for further alarm in the southern States, so far as
the Territories are concerned?
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way for
a motion to go into executive session, and finish
his speech to-morrow?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall conclude in a very
few minutes. I know that this is rather an inflic-
tion, but Senators must pardon me. I shall be
through very soon.
I repeat, the South havegot all they ever claimed
in all the Territories; and hence the Senator from
Kentucky will have an opportunity of saying to
his people, when he returns, that after a struggle
of fourteen years, from 1846, when the Wilmot
proviso was first introduced by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, down to 1861, they have at last,
by a unanimous vote in both Houses, been able
to organize every foot of territory the United
States now possess, on the principle of non-in-
tervention as affirmed in the compromise meas-
ures of 1850, and the Kansas-Nebraska bill of
1854. I know it will be a proud day when the
Senator from Kentucky is enabled to say that to
the people of Kentucky. Being one of those who
distinguished himself so much by his eloquence
in defense of the Kansas-Nebraska bill as em-
bodying the true principle, he cannot'fail to re-
joice when he finds Colorado, Nevada, and Dakota,
including every foot of unorganized territory we
now possess, organized on the identical principle,
and in the identical language, so far as the power
of the Territorial Legislature is concerned. There
may be a question as to the construction of this
bill, as there was in regard to the construction of
the Nebraska bill, for the courts to decide; but
those new Territories have been organized in the
identical language of that bill, the identical lan-
guage of the bill that Kentucky, and Virginia,
and Tennessee, and North Carolina, and every
southern State, have repeatedly indorsed. So far,
therefore, as these States are concerned, they can-
not complain. They have got all they claimed;
and, as to the explanation our Republican friends
will give to the northern people, I shall wait to
see. If tliey acknowledge the truth frankly, I
shall say they have proved themselves good pa-
triots by preferring truth to policy, preferring
right to political expediency; that so far as this
question is concerned, bygones are bygones; and
I will stand by them as long as they stand by the
doctrine of the Nebraska bill.
Then, sir, according to law, the slaveholding
States have got equality in the Territories. How
is it in fact? The Senatorfrom Kentucky tells
us that the southern States must have one of
two things: either the right to take into the Ter-
ritories their slaves on terms of equality with
other property, or, in lieu of that, an equitable
partition of the Territories. I have shown that
they have got the right in all the Territories.
Now, I propose to show that they have got the
actual equitable partition, giving them more than
they were disposed to demand.
The Senator from Kentucky, now no longer
here—I mean the illustrious Senator, (Mr. Crit-
tenden",) whose eloquent voice closed his public
life by an exhibition of patriotism that will cause
every American heart to throb as long as our
posterity may read his history—the Senatorfrom
Kentucky, Mr. Crittenden, introduced a propo-
sition for an equitable partition. That proposi-
tion was, that north of 36° 30' slavery should be
prohibited, and south of it should be protected
by territorial law. Kentucky indorsed that prop-
osition; Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee—I
believe every one of the slave States now remaining
m the Union, except Maryland—indorsed the Crit-
tenden proposition;and Maryland would have in-
dorsed it, unquestionably, by a unanimous vote,
if she had not been m that unfortunate predica-
ment which the Senator from Kentudjy [Mr.
Breckinridge] called " voiceless." But, sir, she
was not voiceless. Her silence in yielding obe-
dience to the Constitution and laws without a
murmur of dissatisfaction or'disloyalty, spoke
trumpet-tongued. Maryland, if her voice could
be heard, would indorse the Crittenden proposi-
tion. That proposed an equitable partition of
the territory on the line of 36? 30'—prohibiting
slavery north, and protecting it south, by the
local Legislature. What is now the case ? It is
true the Crittenden proposition has not yet be-
come part of the Constitution; but it is also true
that an equitable partition has been made by the
vote of the people themselves, establishing, main-
taining, ana protecting slavery in every inch of
territory south of the thirty-seventh parallel,
giving to the South half a degree more than the
Crittenden proposition. There stands your siave
code in New Mexico protecting slavery up to
the thirty-seventh degree as effectually as laws
can be made to protect it. There it stands, the
law of the land. Therefore, the South has all
below the thirty-seventh parallel, while Congress
has not prohibited slavery even north of it.
Then, sir, I repeat, if these southern States,
Kentucky included, are satisfied with an equitable
partition on the line of 36© 30', protecting slavery
south of it, they have got it, and more too. If
they are satisfied with a right to go into all the
Territories, and take slaves on an equal footing
with other property, they have that. Instead,
therefore, of not having either of the terms pre-
scribed by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] the southern States have them
both. What cause of complaint is there ? In view
of these facts, I shall expect the Senator from
Kentucky to go back to his native State, and in
that brilliant language of oratory, which I cannot
repeat, from every hill-top and in every valley,
and upon every smiling plain, rejoice that old
Kentucky has at last got "justice and equality"
in the Territories of theUmon. So far as legisla-
tion is concerned, the southern States have got ail
they ever asked. The Republicans have granted
it. I will not say that it has been extorted, for I
think they made the concession for the sake of
peace and of union. If they did, they should be
sustained by their constituents for so doing.
What more, then, is demanded ? Simply that
a constitutional amendment shall be adopted, af-
fnming—what? Precisely whatevery Republican,
in both Houses of Congress, has voted for within
a month. Just do by constitutional amendment
what you have voted in the Senate and House of
Representatives; that is all. You are not even
required to do that, but merely to vote for a prop-
osition submitting the question to the people of
the States whether they will make a constitutional
amendment affirming the equitable partition of the
Territories, which the people have al'ready made
there. Why not? If it was right for you to sus-
tain it in the Senate, why is it not right for you
to permit the people to confirm it ? if you made
no unworthy concessions in retaining it upon the
statute-book, certainly you ought to allow them
to ratify your act.
You may ask, why does the South want us to
do it by constitutional amendment, when we have
just done it voluntarily by law ? The President of
the United States, in his inaugural, haitold you
the reason. He has informed you that all of these
troubles grow out of the absence of a constitu-
tional provision defining tho power of Congress
over the subject of slavery. Hence he recom-
mends a national convention for the purpose of
supplying such a provision in the Constitution.
Therefore, inasmuch as the President of the Uni-
ted States is in favor of constitutional amendment
and recommends a national convention for that
purpose, I trust the Senator from Wisconsin will
pardon me for saying that I am in favor of consti-
tutional amendment, too. He thinks the Consti-
tution good enough as it is, and wants no amend-
ment. Mr. Lincoln does not agree with him. He
thinks that the trouble has arisen from the ab-
sence of such a constitutional provision, and sug-
gests a national convention to enable the people to
supply the defect, leaving the people to say what
it is, instead of dictating to them what it shall be.
Now, inasmuch as we are to have a national -
convention to supply this acknowledged defect in
the Constitution, 1 have got a compromise to pro-
pose to the Senators on that side of the Chamber,
and it is this: that that constitutional amendment,
