THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. p.." >
Special Session, 37th Cong.
FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1861.
New Series....-.No. 95 
so far as slavery in the Territories is concerned,
shall legalize and confirm forever the exact equi-
table partition that now exists by law in the Ter-
ritories, and which you have sanctioned this year
by your votes. Is not that fair? Go for such a
constitutional provision, affirming what you have
done, either by your positive action or by non-
action; confirm the principle of the Colorado bill,
the Nevada bill, the Dakota bilk the Nebraska bill,
the compromise measures of 1850, and there is an
end of the controversy. You all voted it in the
Senate. Now allow the people to vote it into the
Constitution. Why not? You ought to allow
the people to ratify and confirm what you have
done. It "will be complimcntaiy to you; it will
be a proud indorsement of your patriotism, if, after
you had the boldness to lead off and establish this
great principle in all the territory we now possess,
the people come forward with plaudits, with a
unanimous voicc, and confirm what you have done.
1 trust, therefore, that we may assure Virginia,
North Carolina,Tennessee,Kentucky,Arkansas,
Missouri, and Maryland, that they have obtained
■equality in the Territories; not only equality by
law, but an equitable partition in fact; that they
have not only got the legal right, but got the ac-
tual substance, the enjoyment in fact of one half
degree more territory than they claimcd. This
has been done by the acquiescence in part and in
part by the affirmative votes of the Republican
party. I give them credit for it, and I ask these
slaveholding Stater to do the Republicans the jus-
tice to believe that they will stand by the princi-
ple of the Colorado bill, at least until Congress
meets, and they show the contrary. I do not be-
hove that they are ever going to depart from that
principle hereafter. They have seen that a de-
parture from it could not be made with safety to
this Union; and hence, rather than break it up,
they have made this concession. I know it was
a bitter pill for some; others did it cheerfully; but
it is done; and now let us close this drama, and,
by a unanimous vote, incorporate that principle
into the Constitution,and make it perpetual; and
then you will have insured the domestic tranquil-
lity, the equality, and the safetyof all the States,
and have lestored peace, unity, and fraternity to
-the whole country.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw the motion,I shall
mot abuse his kindness by occupying a great while.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator insists, I must
withdraw it of course; I cannot deny him.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not like to make
a request against the wishes of the Senate. 1 only
want to make a few remarks.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WADE. I desire to put one question to
the Senator from Illinois 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator
from Ohio allow me to have the floor for a little
while ?
Mr. HALE. I withdrew my motion at the re-
quest of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. WADE. I cannot help that; 1 have got
the floor
Mr BRECKINRIDGE. I suppose the Chair
understood that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire withdrew his motion in order to allow me
to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire withdrew his motion, and
then the Senator from Ohio addressed the Chair,
and, no other Senator rising at the moment, was
recognized.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Very well,
Mr. WADE. I do not want to occupy time;
but at the end of the peculiar and remarkable
specch of the Senator from Illinois, I wished to
ask him one question. Inasmuch as he has com-
mented so much at large on the territorial bills of
last session, I desire to know why it was that he
moved a reconsideration of those bills, in order to
substitute a new bill for them, if ihey were ex-
actly upon his principle?
95
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer that question.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senator proceeds, I
desire half a minute 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir, I cannot yield; I
call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. HALE. That is true almost always.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I moved the
reconsideration for two reasons: first, because,
while the principles of the bills, so far as the doc-
trine of non-intervention and popularsovereignty
was concerned, were in the identical language of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, there had yet been a
change in the judiciary clause that I did not like;
and, sccond, because 1 was prepared to take a
step in advance, and allow the people to elect their
own officers. It is true, I was prepared to take
an advance step just as the Republican party
caught up and trod on my heels; but that does
not show that they had not caught up with me.
But, so far as the doctrine of popular sovereignty
and non-intervention is concerned, the Colorado
bill, the Nevada bill, and the Dakota bill, are
identically the same with the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and in its precise language. I hope the Sen-
ator is answered.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate go into
executive session; and I give notice that I will
not give way to any living mortal.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 26, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Several messages were received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Mr. J. G. Nicolay,
lus Secretary.
ACTING SECRETARY.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. On looking at
the resolution appointing William Hickey acting
Secretaiy of the Senate, it is regarded as neces-
sary to administer the oath of office to him in
order to a full discharge of the duties under the
resolution appointing him to that office. Mr.
Hickey, therefore, will take the usual oath of
office.
The oath of office was administered to Mr.
Hickey by the President pro tempore.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw his motion for a single
moment, to allow me to call up a resolution which
I reported yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. If I give way for that, I shall
have to give way to something else.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. 1 think it is premature to go into executive
session just now.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If, with the leave of
the Senate, the Senator from Massachusetts will
withdraw Ins motion for a little time, I shall be
very much obliged to him. Yesterday, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yielded
me the floor at the closc of the remarks of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas;] but, by
some misunderstanding, 1 lost it. I wanted to
make a few observations, and if the call is with-
drawn, I shall not abuse the indulgenceof the Sen-
ate by speaking more than half an hour.
Mi. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that perhaps it would be more convenient if
he went on with his remarks to-morrow, instead
of to-day.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would prefer to go
on now. I shall not speak long.
Mr, SUMNER. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
REGISTER OF DEBATES.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution reported
from the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate in regard to
the purchase of the Register of Debates, and An-
nals of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves to proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution submitted by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] for the purchase
of twenty copies of the Annals of Congress and
Register of Debates.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following order:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate procure from
the publishers, for the Library of the Senate, twenty copies
of the Annals and Register of Debates of Congress, and pay
for the same out of the contingent fund of the Senate, at a
price not exceeding that heretofore paid for the same.
Mr. DIXON. I send to the Clerk, to be read,
a statement showing what the expense of the
books will be.
The Clerk read, as follows;
•fl.nna.ls of Congress.
42 volumes @ $5  $210
20i>ets.  .20
4,200
Register of Debates.
29 volumes @ $5    $145
20 bt;tb    20
  2,900
Total $7,100
Mr. CLINGMAN. Iinquire whether there is
any necessity for having as many as twetity
copies ?
Mr. DIXON. I will state that these books are
wanted for the use of Senators. It is the custom
of Senators to take them to their residences dur-
ing the session, so that at least as many as twenty
copies are required for the use of the Senate, in
the judgment of the committee. They are to be
furnished somewhat in the manner in which the
Statutes at Large are furnished now, to be used
during the session, and to be returned at the end
of the session. The committee thought twenty
copies would hardly be sufficient, but on the
whole it was deemed proper to restrict the num-
ber to twenty copies.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not see the necessity
for it. I take it for granted that we need not
keep a copy in the library for each Senator to
use in that way. It strikes me that a smaller
number would be sufficient, say five or ten copies.
I do not like to make any motion, but I think it
an unnecessary expense.
Mr. KING. I should like to inquire how many
of these books have been had. Are there not a
considerable number printed and lying in the In-
terior or State Department ?
Mr. DIXON. Iam informed thatthere are only
a very few copics on hand—the precise numborl
do not know, but not enough to supply the
Senate.
Mr. KING. I think we had better inquire how
many we have on hand before we publish more.
I was opposed to the original publication.
Mr. DlXON. I inquired, and found that there
were very few.
Mr. KING. I would prefer to have the matter
lie over until we can examine into that point.
Mr. DIXON. I will state to the Senator that
there are not more than half a dozen copies on
hand. That is the information I received at the
Secretary's office.
Mr. KING. Who informed you—the Libra-
rian ?
Mr. DIXON. 1 made this inquiry at the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, and that was the
information I received. I cannot vouch for it, of
course.
Mr. KING. As the Senator cannot vouch for
it, I prefer that resolution should lie over.
