546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
the country who took stock in roads when they
were first started, and afterwards found that first,
sccond, and third mortgage bonds were put upon
them, so ihat their property was entirely lost,
while the managers contrived to make something
outofthem. Now, sir, there is nota man in the
Senate who would not rather take stock in the
road if this amendment be adopted, than if it were
to be left entirely to the management of the men
who may have control of it to issue first, sccond,
and third-class mortgage bonds as they please.
The Government grants $60,000,000 in money,
and a large quantity of land, to build a railroad
that is to cost about a hundred million dollars;
and, by adopting this amendment, we ask the pet -
sons who go into it to pay their money. I be-
lieve the United States will be much more secured
by the adoption of the amendment than they will
be by having a set of men brought into the road
who never intend to pay any money, and who
come in simply to get what the Government offers,
to get the Government bonds and lands, and then
to issue mortgage bonds, and borrow money, and
cheat everybody that puts money into the work
honestly. I tell you, sir, the good of this road,
if we are in sober earnest about it, requires these
guards and checks. The one will draw capital-
ists; it will'draw honest men; it will draw men
of the right stamp. But if you leave it open to
that class of men who have been the jobbers in
tire railroads of this country, men without fortune,
and too many of them without character, yon will
never secure the completion of the road. I believe
this amendment to be of vitul importance to the
road, and 1 hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOHTTXiE. 1 desire to offer one or
two amendments to this bill. In the thirteenth
section, after the word " uniting," in the seventh
line, I move to strike out the words " west of
longitude970,"and insert " at or near the ninety-
seventh degree of west longitude." In regard to
the southern route, one branch of which starts
from the west line of Arkansas, and the other
from the west line of Louisiana, the bill provides
that they arc to meet by converging lines some-
where west of the ninety-seventh degree of lon-
gitude; but they may not meet until they get to
the Gulf of California or the Pacific ocean.
Mr. GW1N. There is no objection to that
amendment. It makes it more specific.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose there is no
objection, for it makes it definite, that the point
of meeting be at or near the ninety-seventh degrc
of longitude.
Mr. HALE. I wish my friend from Wiscon-
sin, if he undertakes to make it more definite,
would really do so. "VVe cannot {ell what " at or
near'' means. It means somewhere about there,
somewhere in the neighborhood.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Say " notto
exceed two degrees in either direction.
Mr. HALE. That will do; hut " at or near"
is very indefinite.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A degree allows a pretty
large latitude—sixty miles.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It does; but
not so much as "at or near."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Say " between the ninety-
seventh and ninety-eighth degrees."
Mr. HALE. '.There was some experience in
the State ot Illinois about the Central road. I think
they found out what " at or near" meant there.
They took in about the whole length of the State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend then, so
as to say, " between the ninety-seventh and
ninety-eighth degrees of west longitude."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
amend the bill, by striking out in line eight of the
thirteenth section, the words " west of longitude
ninety-seven degrees," and inserting the words
'* between the ninety-seventh and ninety-eighth
degrees of west longitude."
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator to say
44 not west of the ninety-eighth degree." They
may wish to come together before they get to the
ninety-seventh degree.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That would defeat what
I understand to be the purpose of mentioning the
ninety-seventh degree at all; for if you leave them
to meet anywhere east of the ninety-seventh de-
gree, they may start at Fort Smith and run south
through tiie Indian territory. That does not effect
the purpose at all.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. I have no objection
to the Senator's amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The language of the first
section of the bill, as to the central road, now is,
"uniting within two hundred miles of the Mis-
souri river." I desire to insert an amendment
there, to make the point of union a little more
definite. I have no personal interest in the ques-
tion as to the precise point where the two branches
should meet; but the great city of Chicago, on the
one hand, and the city of St. Louis, on the other,
may have an interest in it; and I desire that a
point at or near Fort Kearny should be mentioned,
which makes just about the proper point of junc-
tion as between St. Louis and Chicago. I suppose
the Senator from California has no objection to
that.
Mr. GWIN. Not at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I move, in the ninth
line, after the word " river," to insert the woids,
" at or near Fort Kearny;" so that it will read:
With two convnging Hues bearing westward, and Unit-
ing within two hundred miles of the Mthsouu river, at or
near Foit Kearny.
Mr. POLK. There has been an amendment
adopted there. I ask the Secretary to read it as
it was amended then.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was in regard to the
branch at the mouth of the Kansas river.
Mr. POLK. 1 should like to hear the whole
section lead as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That t<> inline the safe, certain, <ind speedy transporta-
tion of mails, troops, nnd public stores from the western
border ot what is called otu western States, by nnlioad.to
wit: starting fiom two points, one on the western border
of the State of Missouri, at the mouth of the Kansas nvei,
proceeding thence up the valley of said river to the vicin-
ity ol Foit Riley, and the other on the western border of
Iowa, with two converging hues bearing wet>twaid and
miiting within two bundled mile* of the M essoin i river, and
thence proceeding by a single trunk line.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My amendment is to in-
sert " at or near Fort Kearny " after " Missouri
river."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to offer another
amendment, which is more important, perhaps,
in its provisions,and to which I desire to call the
attention of the Senate; my purpose being, if we
enter on this railroad policy, that we have a rail-
road completed through. I do not wish to put
into the hands of whoever may get interested in
this project, the power to commence the road and
go on where the lands are good and it is easy to
build the road, receiving the bonds of the Gov-
ernment,finish the railroad a certain distance, and
then, when they come to apoint where it requires
an expenditure of money to a large amount, there
let the road stop, and throw it back on our hands.
I therefore offer this amendment: after the words
"$60,000,000," in the forty-ninth line of the
fourth section, inseit:
•find provided, That thiity per cent, of the wboleamount
of bond-i of the United State* to be advanced as aforesaid,
shall be retained by the Sceretaiy of theTieasuiy until said
road shall be fully completed throughout the whole line, as
above piovided.
I want thirty per cent, to remain in the Treas-
ury to insure that the work will go through.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the Senator whether
it is understood that these bonds are to be kept
in the shape of a guarantee, and that, in ease of a
failure on the part of the first company, as pro-
vided in the bill, they arc to be forfeited and can-
celed by tlip Government; because, if the title to
them is vested in the company as the work pro-
gresses, it seems to me that the amendment really
amounts to nothing at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The object of my provis-
ion is, that the bonds shall be retained by the Sec-
ret/M-y of the Treasury, nnd not delivered over to
these corporators until the road is fully completed
throughout.
Mr. LATHAM. Suppose the road is not com-
pleted: wh$t then?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then they will not get the
bonds.
Mr. LATHAM. Tour amendment does not
state that. That is exactly what I wanted to call
attention to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is objectionable in
that lespect, I will make it certain,
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest the addition of the
words " that in case of failure the bonds reiained
shall be canceled by the Government."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will insert at the end,
"and in case th^ road is notcompleted, the bonds
so retained in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury shall become forfeited to the United
States."
Mr. LATHAM. That will make it complete.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the consideration of
this bill be postponed until to-morrow, and that
the Senate go into executive session.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope not.
Mr. HALE. 1 am told that it is competent to
move to go into executive session, and leave this
as unfinished business. I am willing to put it in
that form. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mi. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 10; as follows:
YEA?—Me^rs-. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham,
Blight, Cameron, Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Dooliitle,
Fitch, Foot, Fo^tci, Green, Gtimes, Hale, Ilailan, Hemp-
hill, llunter, Johnson ot Aikan>a«, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Mason, Mot nil, NichoNon, Polk, Powell, Rice,
Saul;«buiy, Shdell, Sumner,Thomson,Trumbull, and Wil-
kin-on—34.
NAYS — Messis. Baker, Clingman, Douglas, Gvvin,
Lane, Latham, Seward, Wade, Wigfall, and Wilson—10.
Mr. GWIN. Before the vote is announced, I
wish to mnke amotion, to which I presume there
will be no objection. This railroad bill has been
amended in various respects, and I ask the Senate
to agree to print it as it has been amended, so
that we can have it before us in its present shape
when the subject comes up again. To-morrow
is private bill day, and it cannot come up then.
I want it printed as amended,so that when itnext
conies up, wo can have it before us precisely as
it now is. [" Agreed."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain the motion to print the bill as amended,
by common consent.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
a^l^umed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 21, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CRISIS MEMORIALS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to present
a series of resolves, adopted at a late public meet-
nig in the county of Macoupin, one of the most
populous and wealthy counties of my district.
These resolves express the sense of the members
of the meeting upon the present national crisis;
and, I may add, that the members of the meeting
are among the most intelligent and respectable
gentlemen of my district. They appeal, by the
resolves adopted, to the conservative sentiment of
the country m favor of peace, order, the Consti-
tution, and the integrity of the Union; and express
their willingness to accept the Ciittenden plan,
or any other fair and reasonable plan, as the basis
for an adjustment of the existing controversy be-
tween the North and the South. I move, sir, that
they be received, and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the proceedings of a meeting of
the citizens of Mason county, Kentucky, relative
to the present disturbed stale i of the country;
which were referred to the select committee of
five.
Mr. STRATTON presented a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of New Jersey, in rela-
tion to the present condition of the country; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House for permission to introduce the res-
olutions of an immense meeting of the citizens of
Brown coiwity, Indiana, without distinction of
party, in favoi of conciliation, and the adoption
of the plan of adjustment laid before the Senate
by Senator Crittenden, of Kentucky.
