THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Mr. SHERMAN I cm only say that, a short
-tima since, a large number of copies of these baoks
was distributed among the States; and one year
ago a joint resolution was passed distributing not
less than two or three-hundred copies. It seems
to me, under those circumstances, singular that
.the Senate should qrder the purchase of more of
t\iese books for the use of this body.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
ready fortheAuestion ?
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On agreeing
tto the resolution.
1 Mr., BINGHAM. Was it offered to-day?
[" No!"] i move to postpone the consideration
of the resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYEES WITHDRAW*.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That D. J. Browne have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
FORTS IN THE SECEDING STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution,submitted by Mr. Douglas
on the 13th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate what forts, aisouals, navy-yauU. and other
public works within the limits of the States of South Car-
olina, Georgia, Flotida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Texas, are now within the actual possession ami oc-
cupation ot the United States, and by what number of men*
each is garrisoned and held, and whether reinforcements
are necessary to retain the same; and if so, whether the
Governmenthas the power and means, under existing laws,
to Mipply such reinforcements within such time as the ex-
igencies and necessities of the ease may demand; and
whether the defense and protection of the United States
and their interests innke it necessary and wise to retain
military possession of such forts, places, and other prop-
erty, except at Key West and Tortugas, and to recapture
and reoceupy such others as the United States have been
deprived of by seizure or surrender, for any other purpose,
and with a view to any other end than the subjugation and
occupation of those States which have assumed the right
to secede fiom the Union, and within whose limits such
forts and other public property arc situated; and, if such
be the motives for recapturing and holding the forts and
other public property, what military forcc, including regu-
lar* and volunteers, would be necessary to enable the Uni-
ted States to reduce the States aforesaid, and such others
as are supposed to sympathize with them, to subjection
and obedience to the lavva of the Union, and to protect the
Federal capital.
The pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Clark, to strike out all after the words " Uni-
.ted States," where they first occur, in the follow-
ing words:
"And by what number of men each is garrisoned and held,
and whether reinforcements are necessary to retain the
same; and if so, whether the Government has the power and
means, under existing laws, to supply such reinforcements
within such time as the exigencies and necessities of the
case may demand; and whether the defense and protection
of the United States and their interests make it nccessary
and wise to retain military possession of such forts, places,
and other property, exccpt at Key West and Tortugas, and
to recapture and reoccupy such others as the United States
have been deprived of by seizure or sun wider, for any other
purpose and with a view to any other end than the subju-
gation and occupation of thoso States which have assumed
the right to recede fioin the Union,and within whose limits
such torts and other public piopeity are .situated; and if
such be the motives for rewiptmiu" and holding the forts
and other public propcity, what military force, including
regulars and volunteers, would bo neccssary to enable the
Unitcd States to i educe the States aioresaid. and such others
as arc supposed to sympathize with them, to subjection and
obedience to the laws of the Union, and to piotcet the Fed-
eral capital."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, if I
had succeeded in obtaining the floor yesterday,
at the close of the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] I should have trespassed
but a very short time on the attention of the Sen-
ate; and this morning I hone to consume not
more than half an hour, for I am well aware that
much executive business remains to be disposed
of.
I regret that the Senator from Illinois felt it his
duty to visit with his criticism the brief and un-
pretending remarks which I had the honor to
offer to the Senate the other day. There were
many reasons why it seemed to me that course
might have been avoided. I had supposed that
the Senator and myseif, together with gentlemen
on this side of the Chamber generally, were en-
gaged in an attempt to find out the real policy of
the Republican party; and that, whatever might
be the differences on other points between us, in
that respect we were acting on a common line of
conduct. In the speech which I made the other
day,! recollect but two references to the Senator
from Illinois: oneof themcxpressingmy approval !
of the argument he had offered to demonstrate
the inability of thePresident, under existing laws,
to collect revenue from the confederate States;
and the other, the declaration that I would vote
for the resolution of inquiry he had offered—not
that I wholly approved the resolution as an ori-
ginal proposition; because, from the nature of the
inquiry, it seemed to contemplate the use of force
by the Federal Government, and it was a call
upon the President to know what reinforcements
were required to hold the forts now in the pos-
session of this Government, what additional force
would be required to retakethosein the possession
of the confederate States and to reduce those
States to obedience. I feltsome reluctance about
supporting a resolution that looked to a contin-
gency of that sort; but as, in my opinion, the
effect of it would be to develop the policy of the
Administration, I stated that it would give me
pleasure to support it.
In the course of the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois yesterday, he took occasion to go over a
good deal of ground that has been very thoroughly
argued and exhausted heretofore, in reference to
territorial questions, and particularly in regard to
the Kansas bill, and he declared that the Repub-
lican party had abandoned their distinctive prin-
ciples. The Senator was good enough to compli-
ment me, by saying that 1 had been an advocate,
and an efficient one, of the Kansas bill, and by
intimation, rather than by statement, convoyed,
at least to my mind, the idea that I had through-
out taken and held the views, growing out of the
Kansas question, with which his name has been
so prominently connected.
I am very reluctant, sir, in the present condi-
tion of the country, to make the slightest refer-
ence to past issues. I had hoped that we should
meet the present and future, and ignoie the past.
Reluctant as I am, however, I feci it my duty, in
order that I may not be misunderstood, to make
a very brief statement of the position I have oc-
cupied upon that subject, so as to relieve myself
from any misapprehension that might spring from
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois.
I was, sir, an advocate of the Kansas bill. I
voted for it in the House of Representatives, and
defended its principles afterwards, as I under-
stood them, and as they were understood by gen-
tlemen generally in the southern States, together
with a lespectable number in the northern States.
I may state, very briefly, what has been often
stated before and is well known to the country,
that the friends of that measure differed upon one
point. It was in regard to the question of terri-
torial power. I do the Senator from Illinois the
justice to say that he has always been understood
to hold that a Territorial Legislature possess the
authority, pending the territorial condition, to
exclude property in African slaves. I,in common
with many other gentlemen, held a different opin-
ion. The friends of the Kansas bill could not
agree upon that point. They agreed to make it
a judicial question, not a subject for legislative
dispute; and accordingly they provided a mode
in the bill itself by which that question might be
tried by the judicial tribunals of the country, and
if there was any principle which I understood to
be settled, it was this: first, that any action of the
territorial authorities should be in subordination
to the Constitution of the United States; second,
that the relation of the Constitution to the subject
should be determined by the judiciary; and third,
that all should acquiesce in the decision when
rendered. And I believe that was the general un~
derstandingofgentlemen from the southern States.
I shall not go over the subsequent ground which
has been made the subjectof political discussion.
It is enough in making this statement, rather than
argument, to say that, in my opinion, the judi-
cial decision was rendered in accordance with the
views held by those with whom I coincided in
opinion. The difficulties that have occurred since,
political and otherwise, shall not form the topic
of discussion by me, if I can avoid it, now. All
I mean to declare now is, that while I was a friend
of the Kansas hill, I do not hold, and never did
hold, to the power of a Territorial Legislature,
pending the territorial condition, to exclude prop-
erty m African slaves from the common Territo-
ries of the Union. Neither in the House of Rep-
resentatives, while the bill was under discussion,
nor Upon the two or three occasions since when
it has been my fortune to discuss the matter, havo
I ever advanced that theory. I know the Sena-
tor from Illinois holds an opposite theory, and
has given his reasons for it to the public. I do
not propose now to reopen the discussion upon
that point; and I only allude to it here because
the courac of his remarks yesterday, although
there was no distinct statement upon the subject,
might have led to the inference that I was a rec-
ognized friend of the view which he took of the
question of territorial power.
Mr. President, the Senatorfrom Illinois informs
us that I committed a very grave error in saying,
in the course of my remarks the other day, that,
so far as I could see, the Republicans in Congress
had abandoned none of their essential principles.
He says that I fell into that error from looking
to their declaration of principles at Chicago, and
would not have been in error if I had observed
their patriotic devotion to the country recently in
the two Houses of Congress. Well, sir, I must
say this is a new revelation. This is an import-
ant fact, if true. Since when was it discovered
by the Senator from Illinois? Is it not strange
that apparently he, and he alone, in all the coun-
try, is aware of this highly important fact? Did
my venerable predecessor know that the Repub-
lican party had, in a spirit of patriotic devotion,
abandoned their essential principles and conceded
all, ay, more than the South could ask—in the lan-
guage of the Illinois Senator—when he made his
fervid appeal to them on the very last night of
the session ? Is Virginia aware of this fact? Are
these obstinate confederate States below here,
aware of this fact? Nay, sir, I might ask are the
Republicans themselves aware of the fact, glori-
ous if true, that they have abandoned their essen-
tial principles, and, in a spirit of devotion to, and
love of their country, have given everything, and
are disposed to give everything that the South
can possibly ask, ay, and more too? I would it
were so, sir; no man would welcome such a con-
version with more gratitude and delight than my-
self.
But, Mr. President, what is the evidence of this
great conversion ? It is that some months ago,
more or less, bills for the organization of the Ter-
ritories of Nevada, Colorado, and Dakota, passed
the Congress of the United States without any
provision in regard to African slavery, without
the proviso. Why, sir, under the circumstances
that surrounded the two Houses of Congress at
that time, there is nothing in that fact that shows
the slightest abandonment, I am sorry to say, of
Republican principles, of their platform as an-
nounced at Chicago; forallow me to read one pro-
vision of it which bears particularly on the ques-
tion now under discussion:
"That the normal condition of all the territory of the
United States is that of freedom ; that as our republican
fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our national
territory, ordained that ' no person should be deprived of
life, hbeity, or piopeity, without due process oflaw,'it bo-
comes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legislation is
nccessmy, to maintain this provision of the Constitution
ng-un^t all attempts to violate it; and we deny the author-
ity of Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, or of any indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Tenitory
of the United States."
Their own declaration of the principle only
obliged them to put it in legislative form, " when-
ever such legislation should be necessary "to give
it effect. Hence it was no violation of their dis-
tinctive principles to omit the proviso in a terri-
torial bill, if, in their opinion, it was unnecessary
to secure the exclusion of slavery in the Territo-
ries, which is one of their underlying principles.
Rut, sir, the Republicans did not possess the power
to put the proviso in. How came those territorial
bills to pass? They were anxious to have those
Territories organized; they were quite aware that
the present Administration would have the ap-
pointment of all the officers. It was announced
here upon the floor of the Senate that they felt
that they ran no risk. They believed that, with
the judicial and other Federal officers appointed
by this Administration, to construe what they call
tiie ''normal condition" of the Territories, and
with the character of the population they had
there, there was no danger of property in a*slave
being recognized within the limits of those Terri-
tories, and they were quite confident that any
judge appointed by the present President of the
United States would rule that there is no power
in Congress, in a Territorial Legislature, or in
individuals, to give legal existence to slavery in
any Territory of the United States; and they felt,
