1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.547
No objection being made, the resolutions were
introduced, and laid on the tabic.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to know why it is ne-
cessary to present all these petitions in the House.
The rules provide a mode by which they may be
presented without taking up the time of the House
They are noticed in the Globe, and every object
is accomplished that can be accomplished by pre-
senting ili'dm in open House.
The SPEAICER. J'iic petitions must be pre-
sented under the rule, if any one objects.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, sir, I shall in future ob-
ject. I see no reason why the time of the House
shall be taken up with it.
OREGON WAlt DEBT.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I ask the
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Thiit the Committee oil Military Affairs have
leave to bring in then report on Senate bill No. il, making
an appropriation foi the. payment <*f the war expenses in-
curred by the people of the Territories m Oregon and Wash-
ington, m the suppression of Indian hostilities 111 the \ cars
1855 and tBoG ; and that it may be made the s-poeial oider
for Thursday, February 7.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
J. Z>. GARDNER.
Mr. ELY, by unammousconsent, reported back
from the Committee of Claims, a bill for the re-
lief of Colonel J. L. Gardner; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex
amined and found truly enrolled a bill grantin
a pension to Eliza Reeves; when the Speaker
signed the same.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly
in order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 714) to establish certain postroutes, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto; the pending
amendment being the consideration of the seven-
teenth amendment of the Senate, as follows:
Sec. IS. jind he it further cnacted, That the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled An act further to amend the act en-
titled i An act to leducc and modify the rates of postage in
the United States, and tor other purposes,'" passedMarch
a, 1851, be, and the Rame is hereby, so modified as to re-
quire the ten cent rate of po.stage to be piepaid on letters
conveyed in the mail ftom any point nt the United States
east of the llocky Mountains to any State or Teiritory on
the Pacific, and from any State ot Territory on the Pacific
to any point m the United Stales east of the Rocky Mount-
ains. 'And all drop letters shall be prepaid by postage
stamps.
Mr. COLFAX. This amendment simply pro-
vides that the California letters, or letters for the
Pacific coast, whether carried by the Isthmus
route or whether earricd overland, shall pay a
uniform rate of ten cents postage. Upon this sub-
ject the Postmaster General says:
" Under the act ot 1855, the domestic rate of po*ta<;p for
letters is Unec ceuh under thicc thou.-and miles, and ten
cents when the distance exceeds three thousand miles. The
intention of this limitation was to secure the higher rate
upon all letters tiarwmtted to and fiom the Pacific States.
But Since the establishment of the oveiland mail, the dis-
tance fiom the valley of the Mississippi to California being
less than three thousand miles, much of this correspond-
ence pays only the lower late ot three cents; and in oider
to maintain the original purpose of the law, it is recom-
mended that said act be so modified as to require the ten
cent rate to be prepaid on all letter-* conveyed in the mail
from any point in the United States east of the Rocky
Mountains to any State or Territory on the Pacific, and
vice versa. In view of the expensive chaiacterot the mail
service to the Pacific, tins late is sutficiently low. From
1848 to 1851, it was forty cents the single letter.7'
As I said yesterday, this amendment meets the
concurrence of the Post Office Department.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Sec. 19. And he it fiothcr enacted. That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hercbj, authorised and rti.ected to
advertise foi proposals for the dailv nanspoitation of the
entire mail, overland, between St. Louis, Mis-oun, and
San Francisco, Oalilornua, over the central route, in twenty j
davs' tune, the bid^ to be received until the 1st d*iy of De- |
ceinber next ensuing, and the service to eoiuuiunec on the j
1st day of July, 1661. and the Po-tma&tei General hereby
directed to avvatdthc contract to the lowest responsible
bidder.
Mr. COLFAX. I now move to amend that
amendment of the Senate, by striking it out, and
inserting, as a substitute, the tollowing:
Sec.— And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
Geneial is hereby authorized and directed to advertise for
proposals for the daily transportation of the entire mail.,
overland, between St. Joseph, Missouri,"or some other
point 011 the Missouri river, connected by railroad with the
East, which maybe selected by the contractor, and Piaccr-
ville, California, over the central route, the bids to be re-
ceived till the first Monday of April, 1861, and the service
to commence July 1, 1861, or as soon thereafter as possible,
and to terminate .Inly !, 1865. And the Postmaster Gen-
oral is hereby diiected to award the contract to the lowest
responsible bidder, furnishingample guarantees ot his abil-
ity and deposition to pei form his contract: Provided, That
the amount of his bid shall not exceed $800,000 per year:
Provided, That the conu actor shall supply Denver City and
Great Salt Lake City at least semi-weekly without extra
charge: And provided further, That the letter and news-
paper mail shall be carried through in twenty days, and the
pamphlet, magazine, periodical, and public document mail
in thuty-fivc days. But the Postmaster Genera! may au-
thorize the carrying ofsaid pamphlet, magazine, periodical,
and public document portion ofthe mail by steamship route,
at least semi-monthly, to San Francisco, if desired by the
contiaetor, and if said service is performed at the contract-
or's expense: And provided further, That the contractor
shall not be required, in addition to the letter mail, to carry
more of the newspaper mail by the twenty-day schedule
than will make the average weight of the whole mail one
thousand poinds per day; and the remainder, if any, of
the newspaper mail shall be carried on the thhty-five day
schedule above provided for.
Mr. COLFAX. This is to provide for a daily
ccntidl ovctland mail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
know whether it is now in order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. An amendment to the amend-
ment would be in order, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. COLFAX. I believe I am entitled to the
floor; and 1 do not yield it at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not de-
sire to take the floor from the gentleman from In-
diana. I merely inquired as a question of order
whether an amendment could be received.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not propose to take up
the time of the House with any extended remarks.
This amendment brings before the House again
the question of a daily overland mail,upon which,
I presume, every member has made up his mind,
and is ready to vote.
For many years the people who live on the
Pacific coast have been waiting and have been
hoping for a daily communication by mail with
the States on the Atlantic coast. It is well known
that our mails to the Pacificarenow carried through
the territory of a foreign Government, exposed to
the dangers of two oceans—the Atlantic on this
side and the Pacific on the other—and to the dan-
gers of the transit through Central America, where
the Government has no power to protect the mails
if they should be attacked. I know it is to be met,
and I regret that it is to be met by my friend on
my right, [Mr. Sherman,] by an objection as to
its expense. But I will say, m anticipation of his
aigument, that the Post Office Committee have
endeavored to make the establishment of a daily
oveiland mail on as cheap a basis as possible. The
propositions which were before the House and
before the Senate, at the last session, for estab-
lishing a daily overland mail, contemplated an
expenditure of something like two million dollars
per annum; while, in this amendment, it is lim-
ited to $800,000. By the Senate proposition, the
overland mail is to run from St. Louis to San Fran-
cisco; and is not limited as to its maximum cost.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, desiring to compromise, have cut off on
this side the portion between St. Louis and the
Missouri frontier, aswc have railroads completed
to the western frontier of that State, while others
are in progress of construction; and on the Pacific
side we have daily mail service as far cast as Pla-
ccrvjlle, just on the other side of Sierra Nevada,
and a railroad from Sacramento completed nearly
up to that town, and therefore we have cut oif
that portion for the purpose of limiting and saving
expense, thereby saving at least $21)0,000 addi-
tional cost per year. We also provide in this that
Salt Lake City, in Utah, and Denver City, the
headquarters of the emigration to the Pike's Peak
region, shall be supplied with a semi-weekly mail
by these contractors without extra expense.
It may be stated, and, indeed, has been urged,
that it is impossible, on account of their weight,
to carry the mails overland to California. Now,
sir, the mails have been weighed, not only during
the last session of Congress, but during the pres-
ent session, by the postmasterat New York city.
I can state to the House exactly what is the
weight of California mails, carried by the way of
the Isthmus. It amounts to about fifty thousand
pounds per month, or six hundred thousand
pounds per year, divided into, about two thou-;
sand pounds of letters, thirty thousand poundsof
papers, fifteen thousand pounds of .magazines and
other periodicals and books, as well as franked
documents, and three thousand miscellaneous,
such as stamps, post office blanks, envelopes, <£le.
The amendment requires that the contractors shall
carry through one thousand pounds every day on
the fast schedule of twenty days' service. This
wilL take through the entire letter and newspaper
mail, or very nearly the entire newspaper mail;
and I am free to say that I will vote for no daily
overland mail to the Pacific that will not provide
for carrying the newspaper mail, to the extent of
one thousand pounds per day, on the fast sched-
ule time of twenty days. It is the mail that takes
to the new homes of the emigrants full news from
the firesides whence they came. •
As magazines, periodicals, and public docu-
ments do not contain the news of the day like the
daily papers, they are not required to be trans-
mitted with the same rapidity; it is provided that
the contractors may take them through in the
slower schedule time of thirty-five days. It fur-
ther provides that they shall be allowed the priv-
ilege at their own expense of carrying that mail
of magazines, periodicals, and public documents
by water, at leas*semi-monthly from New York
city to San Francisco.
The total cost of this overland service under
this amendment will be $800,000. We say nothing
about the Butterfield contract, running around by
the way of El Paso. That is a congressional con-
tract, limited to letters. It is a wasteful and ex-
travagant contract, which the Attorney General
has decided we cannot impair during the term for
which it was made. Nor, sir, can we compel
them to carry the newspaper mail,or any portion
of it. They have the contract, and they have the
power to hold us to its provisions while it remains
unexpired.
Mr. Speaker, in anticipation of the argument in
opposition to the establishment of a daily over-
land mail as a matter of expense, 1 wish to say to
those who design opposing the proposition on that
ground, that they will find &e increased amount
of expense is comparatively a mere bagatelle. The
cheapest cost of the postal service by steamer and
through a foreign country, and which is only tri-
monthly instead of daily, is $350,000 per year.
The cost of the semi-monthly mail from San Fran-
cisco to Placerville, and across the central route,
which has been increased by order of the Depart-
ment, for mails to Fort ICearny on this side, and
to Washoe and Carson Valley on the other, is
$208,000 per year; and as the weekly service to the
Pike's Peak region, now costing $19,000 per year,
must be eventually still further increased to semi-
weekly, making nearly forty thousand dollars per
year, then you have $600,000 paid out (exclu-
sive of Butterfield) per year, for the service we
have now to California and Pike's Peak; when
we have only a tri-monthly service around by the
Isthmus, exposed to all the dangers of going
through a foreign country, exposed to dangers
of war, in comparison with $800,000 for a daily
service each way across the center of the conti-
nent, thirty times a month instead of three, and
five days quicker.
There is still another reason. We are receiv-
ing $50,000,000 a year in specie from California.
It comes now by the way of the Isthmus. I need
not say, if we should be involved in war with a
foreign country, that that specie and the mails
could not be safely carried by the way of the
Isthmus. The Government of the United States
would be compelled to do what the Government
of Great Britain does now in Australia, where it
furnishes a military cscort for the gold which
comes down from the mountains some five or six
hundred miles to Melbourne, on the coast, for
shipment. We would need to have this gold of
the country. The country could not do without
it. It has already saved u« from one ruinous
revulsion, and mitigated the evils of another. We
would have to protect its transit across^ the cen-
ter of the continent, if we were in war with a for-
eign nation, by a military escort. If we establish
a daily overland mail to California, it will follow
that the contractors will build stations all the way
through for their stock, and for th$ drivers and
others in their employ, as well as for the protec-
