THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 26,
If 80 Senator knows it, I ask if it is not the duty
of-the Senate to express its opinion upon the pol-
icy .to be pursued? .Some Senator says: " 1 wili
give my opinion to the President when he asks
for it." Sir, that is technical, altogether too tech-
nical for the present condition of the country. It
is the constitutional right of the Senate to advise
the. President; it is the constitutional right^if the
representatives of the States to express their opin-
ion'upou the(present disorders; and if, indeed, it
be the judgment of this Senate that a true peace
policy .-should be pursued, why will not the Sen-
ateof The United States, by resolution, relieve the
anxiety and alarms of the people by expressing
their sense that the troops of the United States
should be withdrawn from the limits of the Con-
federate States, in order that time might be given
for the possibility of an amicable adjustment?
It seems, sir, that we are to jjave no vote upon
any resolution. 1 would not desire a fairer record,
or one by which 1 would be more willing to live
and die, than to have my name recorded in favor
of a resolution advising the President of the Uni-
ted States to make all bloodshed impossible by
withdrawing ihe troops from the limits of the
confederate States; and if Senators will agree to
give us a vote on such a resolution, and take the
vote without debate, 1 will have the honor to in-
troduce it as soon as I have closed the remarks I
am now making. Will Senators do it ? Will they
express their opinions in any way; or, will they
sit still, and allow the country to drift aimless
and purposeless along into whatever vortex chance
may prepare for it? Has not the country a right
to know what policy is to be pursued by the pres-
ent Administration ? As far as I can see, sir, a
WJ®st halting policy: a hesitating; movement made
to-day, ?md then waiting, with ears erect and
trembling nerves, to hear the popular response;
or, I should say, rather, the party response. Sir,
in my opinion, the people of this country, and
posterity also, will hold the President—ay, and
hold us, assembled here to-day, his constitutional
.adyiscrs, to our share of the responsibility, if this
disastrous, halting, and hesitating policy plunges
thta-eountry into the calamities of civil strife.,
But, sir, it is idle for me, .or any of us on this
side, to talk. We are powerless; you have the
numbers. Again, as the last suggestion that I
expect to make during this special session of the
Senate, I respectfully and earnestly give it as my
opinion that the best deed this body could do for
a distracted and anxious country would be, by
resolution, to advise the President to withdraw
the troops from the confederate States, and thus
render bloodshed impossible.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I shall tres-
pass on the patience of the Senate but a very few
moments. It certainly was not my purpose, in
the remarks I made yesterday, to say anything
which the Senator from Kentucky could by pos-
sibility have construed as an attack upon him, or
an arraignment of the propriety of his conduct.
During the last days of the late session, in reply
to the Senator from Virginia, (Mr. Mason,] who
seemed to think it was the duty of the slavehold-
ing States now in the Union to take their depart-
ure immediately, because the South had been
excluded from all participation in the Territories
of the United States, 1 felt it my duty, by pre-
sentation of historical facts, to show, as I did
then show, that the present Territories of the
United Slates are all oiganized on the basis that
citizens of each State may move into them with
their property of every kind, without excepting
slaves, and hold the same on terms of entire equal-
ity; and hence, that the Senator from Virginia
was under an entire mistake, in fact and in law,
when he said that the South hud been excluded
from a fair and just participation in the Territo-
ries of the United States.
Again: during the debate that has occurred at
this extra session, I had occasion to present the
same facts to show that the Republican party,
since they came into power, have, by unanimous
vote, organized all the Territories of the United
Siates on the basis of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
without the Wilmot proviso, and without any
distinction between slave property and every other
kind of property. A reply was made to that
speech by a Republican Senator; but when the
speaker came to that portion of it, he did not deny
the truth of any one of the statements that I had
made, nor the accuracy of any one of the posi-
tions on this point; but 1 was told that, if they
had, under peculiar circumstances, surrendered
the Wilmot proviso and their aggressive policy
in the Territories, and adopted the doctrine of
non-intervention, it was not magnanimous in me,
who was the victor in the success of the principle,
to be boastful in the hour of my triumph. The
fact was not denied; but I was told it was not
magnanimous for me to remind them that they
had abandoned the proviso; that they had aban-
doned the doctrine of prohibiting slavery in the
Territories by act of Congress, and have adopted
the doctrine of non-intervention, for which I had
contended for so many years. My reply was,
that I did not refer to it in the spirit of taunt, or
of triumph, but for a much better and a more
patriotic purpose. I referred to it for the pur-
pose of showing that the slaveholdmg States now
in this Union have no cause of complaint that
they have not their just rights in all the Territo-
ries of the United States. 1 referred to it for that
reason, and that I take to be a patriotic object.
My object was to deprive those who wished to
precipitate the border States into revolution, of
any pretext of doing so, so far as the territorial
question was concerned, for the reason that all
had been granted on the subject that the South,
in former times, had demanded.
Hence, sir, I will not conceal my surprise that
the Senator from Kentucky should have followed
up that debate by a denial of every position that
I had assumed in the debate with the Senator
from Virginia, and with the Republicans on the
other side of the Chamber, on this question. I
do not mean a denial in specific terms, but a de-
nial much more broad and comprehensive; for he
made the denial that they had abandoned one
iota of their aggressive policy upon the subject
of slavery, and referred to the exclusion of the
South from all participation in the Territories as
the evidence that they had not abandoned it; and
then asserted two or three propositions, to which
I will invite the attention of the Senate. The
first was, that the southern States now in the
Union will not remain a part of tfee Union unless
they have the right to emigrate with all their prop-
erty into the Territories of the United States on
an equality with all other property; or, failing to
get that, unless they have an equitable division
of the Territories. Now, sir, I am not mistaken
in saying that the Senator from Kentucky as-
sumed the proposition distinctly, that the South
demanded one of those two propositions, and
that the southern States would not remain in the
Union unless they got one or the other. What
next? lie then proceeded to express his delib-
erate conviction that these slaveholding States
had no ground to expect that they would obtain
either of those propositions. Having first made
those terms as the conditions on which those
States would stay in the Union, having next af-
firmed solemnly his conviction that those terms
would never be granted, he proceeds to his con-
clusion. What was that?
" Soon, very soon "—
Speaking of Kentucky—
" from pi'.nk to peak of her mountain tops, ami nlonf; all
her smiting plains, will ling oat a cleai cry l'oi equality ami
justice. [She wili exhaust all honoiabie means to leumte
these States; but it that tail-:, she will not lay her bright
and beaming foiehead in Ihe dust, but, turning to her
southern sisters, with whom she is identified by geograph-
leai position, and by Ihe ties ol frieinMiip, ol" mteicourse,
of eommeice, and of common wmng*, will unite uilti
them to lbnnd a noble Republic and mvite beneath its stain-
less banner such oUier States as know how to keep the
faith of compacts, and to respect constitutional obligations
and the comity of a confederacy."
That is what these border States were to do if
they did not get one or the other of the proposi-
tions stated by the Senator from Kentucky, and
after the Senator from Kentucky had told them
they had no ground to expect they would get
either. Having established, then, that there was
no hope of getting their right, Kentucky, from
peak to peak of her mountain tops, from her val-
leys, and from her smiling plains, was to issue
forth the cry for justice and equality. My object
was to demonstrate that there was no foundation
\ for such a cry. It was to demonstrate that Ken-
tucky now has both justice and equality in all
i the Territories, according to the test prescribed
1 by the Senator himself. 1 do not think 1 am as-
suming too much when I assert that I demon-
i strated yesterday that such was the case; nor am
I 1 assuming too much when I say the Senator from
Kentucky to-day has not disproved, or attempted
to disprove, that the right no w exists under the law
to emigrate into the Territories with slaveproperty
on an equality with any and all other property;
and also that, in point of fact, there is an equitable
division of the Territories on the line of 37°, in-
stead of 36° 30', giving the South half a degree
more than the Crittenden proposition claimed.
The Senator has not denied either of those prop-
ositions. He has not attempted to disprove them;
he cannot disprove them. He is too prudent a
man to make the attempt. He knows that those
Territories have been organized on the basis of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. So far as the power
of Congress over slavery is concerned, so far as
the power of the Territorial Legislature over sla-
very is concerned, the language is identical in all
these new Territories with the provisions of the
Nebraska bill. How does he evade—I do not use
the word in an objectionable sense—but howdoes
he avoid (perhaps that is a better word) the force
of this position? Why, he says, there was a dis-
pute about the meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. There was no dispute about its terms. There
never was any dispute in regard to the fact that it
established non-intervention by Congress. There
was no dispute that it left the Territorial Legis-
lature free to legislate on all rightful subjects of
legislationconsistentwith the Constitution. There
was no dispute that the validity of all territorial
enactments was to be decided by the Supreme
Court on appeal from a territorial court. There
was, however, a difference of opinion as to how
the court would decide on the validity of a terri-
torial enactment which might thereafter pass, on
an appeal to the court. Such a case has never
arisen. There will be differences of opinion among
lawyers how the court will decide the same ques-
tion when it comes up for decision from Colorado,
Nevada, andDakota,underthe bills passed during
the last session. But the Senator from Kentucky
and myself stand pledged to abide by the decision*
of the court when it should be made on each case
as it should come up; and it would be our duty to
do it, whether we were pledged or not.
The Senator from Kentucky thinks that the
Dred Scott case has covered those disputed points.
If so, it prescribes the rule for Colorado, Nevada,
and Dakota, and gives all you claim in those Ter-
ritories. If it has not decided the question, it
leaves those Territories, with all the other Terri-
tories, under the terms of the Kansay-iNebraska
bill. Hence 1 repeat the assertion that all the
Territories, of the United States are now organ-
ized on the basis of non-intervention by Congress
with the subject of slavery in those Territories,
leaving the people to decide the question as they
please, subject only to the limitations of the Con-
stitution, and leaving the courts to ascertain what
those limitations are. That is all the South have
ever asked. There never were three members in
this body from the South that ever proposed any
further protection than that.
Now, sir, the Senatorfrom Kentucky does not
deny that 1 have stated the character and princi-
ple of all these territorial bills correctly and truth-
fully. He does not deny that the Republican
party unanimously voted for those bills, and that,
too, without the Wilmot proviso. I repeat, they
voted for those bills unanimously, and without
the Wilmot proviso. He does not deny these
facts; ho cannot; the record would contradicthim ;
but he attempts to avoid the forcc of them by say-
ing that the Republicans have not surrendered the
essential principles of their party. That is not
what I was talking about. My statement was
specific, that they have voted for bills organizing
all the Territories of the United States, on the
basis of the Kansas-Nebraska act, without the
Wilmot proviso; and hence that, in the organ-
ization of these Territories, they have abandoned
the Wilmot proviso; they have abandoned the
doctrine of congressional intervention; they have
repudiated the doctrine of the congressional pro-
hibition of slavery. That fact cannot be denied.
If that fact be true, then the southern States
stand, in respect to all the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, on better terms than they have ever
stood since this Government began; and why? I
stated yesterday, and repeat again to-da.y, that
from 1787, when the Constitution of the United
States was made, up to 1859, there was a congres-
sional prohibition of slavery in some of the Ter-
ritoiies; and hence, during that whole period, the
