1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
South was not permitted by Congress to enter all
the Territories with their slave property on an
equal footing with other property. By the action
of the last session of Congress, supported by the
unanimous vote of the Republican party, all the
Territories are now open, for the first time, to such
emigration on terms of equality. Can this fact
be denied? The laws are on the statute-book.
Hence the slaveholding States stand now, in re-
spect to their equal rights in the Territories, on a
firmer position, and a broader one, than they ever
have stood from the day the Constitution was
made. If the South had justice during any of that
time, it has got more than that now. It did occur
to measa little strange that at the very point of time
when this great concession was made to the South,
by which she secured, for the first time during
our national existence, entire equality in all the
Territories for her slave property, on an equal
footing with every other kind of property, an
attempt should be made to induce the southern
people to think that they had just been deprived
of that which had just been secured to them.
Again: after having proved that, under the law,
the South had equal rights with the North in all
the Territories, I went on and proved that in fact
she enjoyed all the benefits of an equitable parti-
tion also. I stated yesterday that by the territo-
rial law slavery is protected in all the territory
south-of the thirty-seventh parallel; whereas the
Crittenden proposition only proposed to have it
thus protected south of 36° 30'. The State of
Kentucky, considers Mr. Crittenden's proposi-
tion an equitable division. Then, I presume, the
Senator from Kentucky will not dispute what his
State ha9 declared on this subject.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was willing to
accept it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He was willing to accept
36° 30' as an equitable partition. I have demon-
strated to him that, under the law as itnow stands,
the slaveholders have, in point of fact, every foot
of territory south of 37°, half a degree more than
the Senator from Kentucky himself was willing
to accept. Why should he not be satisfied? He
has got more than he asked on the score of equi-
table division; he has got half a degree more than
his State demanded on principles of equitable di-
vision; he has got the right to go into all the Ter-
ritories under the law of Congress, for which the
Republicans all voted a few weeks ago. Hence
I affirm again that the southern States possess,
both in law and in fact, all the advantages of both
the propositions which the Senator laid down,
and only one of which he demanded as a matter
of right.
On this statement of facts, I think I had a right
to appeal to the Senator from Kentucky, as a man
who loved this glorious Union and wished to see
it preserved, to return to his native State, and
from peak to peak of every mountain top, and in
every valley, and upon every smiltng plain, pro-
claim to the people of Kentucky that now, for
the first time since the election of Mr. Lincoln,
the South has got justice and equality in all the
Territories. I did not ask him to say that the
Republican party had surrendered all their essen-
tial principles. I did not ask him to say or do
anything that will promote the interests of that
party. I do not intend myself, any further than
duty to my country requires me, to do any act that
will advance that party. I do not believe in the
political creed of that party. I do not believe
that the best interests of the country will permit
them to exercise its power. Still, I prefer the
Union, even under a Republican Administration,
to disunion under any circumstances. Inasmuch
as it is true that they have, in the late territorial
organizations, recognizecf the rights of the South
in all the Territories, and placed the southern man
on an equality with the northern man; inasmuch
as it is true that, in point of fact, all the territory
south of 370 is slaveholding territory, and that
they have not attempted to repeal the slave code
of New Mexico and abolish slavery—these truths,
these great facts, which demonstrate to the south-
ern people that equality and justice have already
been extended to them, ought to be proclaimed
by every loyal Union man m every slaveholding
State. That is all I ask. I demand that every
fact and truth which can be uttered by a Union
man to allay sectional strife, to calm the irritation
in the slaveholding States, to restore reason and
patriotism, ought to be proclaimed and urged, in
order that we may hereafter proceed to secure
such constitutional guarantees as will prevent the
recurrence of these strifes.
I believed the Senator from Kentucky had in-
advertently fallen into grave errors of fact and of
law on these points. I think he must now be
satisfied such was the case. I thought he would
take it as an act of kindness if, in respectful terms,
I pointed out those errors of fact and of law, and
thus enabled him, as a Union man, to go home
to Kentucky and tell that people, " while we are
bound to submit to a Republican Administration,
unpleasant and disagreeable as it is, yet we have
secured equality of rights in all the Territories,
under the law, and an equitable division in point
of fact besides; and hence we have no excuse, no
pretext for dissolving the Union, so far as the ter-
ritorial question is concerned." Then, what more
should he tell them? He should tell them that,
having got their rights in the Territories, he was
gratified to be able to say also, that, notwithstand-
ing the party pressure, the last Congress had, by
a vote of two thirds, proposed an amendment to
the Constitution prohibiting any future amend-
ment by which Congress could ever interfere with
slavery in the States. "Thus," he could say,
" we have two assurances: one that our rights shall
never be violated in the Territories, and another
that they shall never be violated in the States of
the Union." I had hoped hewould be willing to
go back to Kentucky and proclaim these facts to
the people, and let them judge whether these facts
did not furnish assurances that they might expect
justice and equality in the Union.
I was in hopes he would go further, and say
that while it- was true that some portions of the
Republican party do actually deny the right of
property in man, the whole party does not hold
to that doctrine; that there is a division in the
Republican party on that point—some claiming
that slavery may be legalized, that the right of
property in person may exist, while others deny
that proposition. I had hoped, too, that when he
refened to these divisions in the Republican party
he would have citcd the fact that Mr. Lincoln, the
President of the United States, was among those
who held the doctrine that there is such a thing as
a right of property in u slave, and hence that the
southern States had a right to demand an efficient
fugitive slave law for the return of their slaves.
Mr. Lincoln has proclaimed these opinions. He
has never taken them back. He holds, therefore,
that there is such a legal right of property in a
slave as enables the master to reclaim him, and
makes it the duty of the Government to piotect
that right. Then there is a case in which Mr.
Lincoln himself recognizes the right and duty of
Federal protection to slave property. He acknowl-
edges the right of Federal protection, the duty of
Congress to pass a law affording that Federal pro-
tection, the duty of the officeis to execute the
law; and he has proclaimed in the inaugural his
purpose to carry out that law, and furnish that
Federal protection according to the laws of the
land.
The Senator, then, is mistaken in supposing
that there is no instance in which a Republican
Administration would furnish Federal protection
to slave property. I am aware that there is a
general opinion at the South that the Republican
party deny that there can be a right of property
in man in any case; and it is supposed that they
have said so m the Chicago platform. They have
said no such thing. They have said what amounts
to an irresistible implication that the reverse is
true. I11 all the slaveholding States the courts
have held, and in the free States, too, I believe,
that the master of a slave has a qualified right of
property in that slave—not an unqualified one.
An unqualified right of property is that which
you may exercise as you please. You have an
unqualified right of property in your horse, m
your ox; and you may use them, or you may
destroy them. Not so with your glave; not so
with your child; not so with your apprentice boy.
In all the domestic relations, the right of property
which you possess is a qualified right. Now,
what does the Chicago platform say upon that?
The fifth resolution says:
"That the present Democratic Administration lias far
exceeded our worst apprehensions in its measureless sub-
serviency to the exactions of a sectional interest, as espe-
cially evinced in it-* de^-pesate exeitmns to foiee the infa-
mous Lecompton constitution upon the protesting people of
Kansas; in constiumg the personal relation between mas- ;
ter and servant to involve aii' pr^pmy in per-
sons."
They deny that the master has an "tmquali-
fied" right, but assert, by irresistible implication,*
that his right is only a qualified right of prop-
erty; and that is just what the courts hold in* toe?
South and in the North everywhere—a qualified-
rightjone susceptible of being made the basis of
a legal action in court; one to be enforced by de-'
crees of courts, and protected-by the Government
to the extent of its delegated powers. Mr. Lin-
coln belongs to that wing of the Republican party
which asserts this qualified right of property in
persons, and holds that it is the duty of the Fed-
eral Government, in all its departments, to yield-
protection to slave property in accordance with
that provision of the Constitution which provides
for the surrender of fugitive slaves. Hence I do
assert that it is not dealing fairly with this sub-
ject to say that the Republicans deny that there
is any such thing as a right of property in a slave.
It is unfair to say that the Republican Adminis-
tration deny that the Federal Government shall
protcct slave property in any case, for their Pres-
ident has told you in the inaugural that he will
protect it in the cases provided for in the Consti-
tution.
I submit, then, whether I have not conclusively
demonstrated these distinct propositions: that,
under the laws as they now stand, slavery is not
prohibited anywhere m the Territories of the Uni-
ted States; that, in this respect, the South stand
on a better footing than they ever have done, from
the beginning of the Government; th'at, for the
first time, all the Territories have been organized
on the principle that slave property stood on an
equal footing with other property, and that, too,
by the unanimous vote of the Republican party;
and hence the South not only have the legal right
to claim, but they have the actual enjoyment of
their share of the Territories, on the principle of
an equitable division upon the parallel of 36° 30'.
The Senator from Kentucky has not denied either
one of these propositions. I presume he will not
deny them. His denial is, that the Republicans
have abandoned their essential principles. 1 do
not know what they consider to ne their essential
principles; I do not know what the Senator from
Kentucky considers them to be. I am not the
apologist of the Republicans. It is not my pur-
pose to arraign them unjustly, or to defend them
in the wrong. I assert that they have abandoned
the Wilmot proviso for the doctrine of non-in-
tervention in the Territories. The excuse for
that, as stated by the Senator from Kentucky, is,
that they were not pledged to prohibit slavery
except when it was "necessary," and, in this
instance, they did not deem it necessary. Sir, I
thought this phrase " when necessary," was-a
miserable dodge in the Chicago platform when
adopted; and t thought it a still more miserable
dodge when itwas copied from the Chicago plat-
form into the senatorial caucus platform last
spring. " When necessary!" Break up the coun-
try on a pledge to protect slave property when
necessary, and then refuse to vote that itis neces-
sary at all, or that they ever expect the time to
arrive when it will be necessary.
Mr. President, when did the Republicans, on
former occasions, deem it necessary ? They said
it was necessary in 1854, when the Nebraska con-
troversy was up, to have a prohibition of slavery
in the identical terntorynowcovered byCoIorado,
by Dakota, and by Nevada. They then said it
was absolutely necessary to have a prohibition
there in order to keep slavery out; and because I
was opposed to such a provision, I was called a
traitor to freedom, a traitor to the North ! This
is the identical territory about which that dispute
occurred. Did not the Republicans say that pro-
hibition was necessary in this identical territory,
and in every foot of it? If it was necessary then,
is it not so now ? Has the nature of that climate
changed ? Have the laws of God changed in, that
Territory? Has the nature of the negro or of the
white man changed ? If itwas necessary then,
it is necessary now. They asserted the a.eegssity
then; they have refused to exercise the power
now. This flimsy excuse will not answer. Their
action amounts to an abandonment of the policy
of the Wilmot proviso. They have now organ-
ized the Territory about which, the Nebraska
fight was made seven years ago-, on the identical
principle of the Nebraska bill, for which the Sen-
