550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.January 24,
my amendment; and I only ask permission to
apply to it the speech made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr, Grow.] It applies as
much to Denver City and Salt Lake City as it does
to California.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. As I intend
to vote against this amendment, just as my col-
league [Mr. Grow] intends to vote for it, I desire
to say a word or two about it. I admire the elo-
quence which my colleague always displays i'n
grouping together these 44 glittering generalities '*
about the hardy pioneer when it comes to a ques-
tion of barren lands. Does my colleague mean
to say that, when this overland mail route isestab-
lished, the post boys at the stations are to fight
the battles of the nation against the savage, and
to protect the emigrant? Why, sir, wherever
you have established a post route, you have, so
far, been obliged to send soldiers to protect theni.
Wherever through those barren wilds you send
your mails, you have to send your troops to guard
them. The very fact of establishing stations for
a daily mail line will increase the necessity of
sending soldiers there to guard them also. Cali-
fornia and Oregon are now pretty well provided
with postal facilities, considering their distance
and the newness of the country, both overland
and by sea. I do not know what gentlemen mean
by speaking of the Butterfield route as if that were
ignored altogether. I supposeitgoes somewhere.
I know we pay largely for it. And I think it
better to wait till that service is done away with
before we begin to incur any more expense in
this way.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee of
Ways%nd Means, that to be now increasing the
expenditures of the Government $200,000 in one
placc, $300,000 in another, and an indefinite sum
to establish postal routes, with an army to guard
them, is madness on the part of those who look
to retrenchment and reform, and who look to
carrying on the administration witii the money of
the Government for the next year. If our debt
now were ali collected together—outstanding cer-
tificates and all—I doubtnot lhat it would amount
to $100,000,000. There are$63,000,000 now regis-
tered. We are asked for $20,000,000 more imme-
diately. Before next July, if we provide properly
for the grave exigencies of the country, we shall
be in debt to the amount of $150,000,000. And
yet we see, on the part of members on this side of
the House, who are to have the responsibility,
even more recklessness in extravagance than is
seen on the other side, whore members are, I
must say, more economical, if loft to themselves,
and if the Executive were not to interfere with
them.
Gentlemen on this side—and, perhaps, 1 ought
to reproach myself among others—sit here with
indifference, while $1,500,000 is voted to Texas
one day to establish a new army, to be turned
against ouiselves the moment Texas chooses to
find cause to sccedc; while #300,000 for moonshine
privileges will come up in the House before long.
Here is $200,000 more; and God knows how
much more we will vole away. This Government
is now overwhelmed m debt: and if you go on at
the present rate, you will not be able to carry on
the Government for another year without bank-
ruptcy and protest. I am amazed that the party
which has the organization of this House, and
which is, in some measure, responsible to the
country for the business of legislation, should be
still, at this particular crisis, asking to increase
expenses. My colleague calls onus to give facil-
ities to our hardy pioneers. Our pioneers arc in-
dustrious and meritorious men, and ought to have
proper mail facilities. They now have them. If
the country were in a condition to spend money
rather for ornament than use; rather to traverse
a wilderness of two thousand miles than to sup-
ply mail facilities in the old parts of the country—
if you had the money to do that, I should not
have so much objection to the gentleman squan-
dering it.
Yet gentlemen talk about accomplishing this
object without regard to expense, when the coun-
try is a beggar; when you have not a dollar for
your common necessaries; when you have not a
farthing to pay the debts that you owe. It looks
to me more like a liberal expenditure with the
view of a more inevitable bankruptcy of the Gov-
ernment than anything else. But I do hope that
the suggestions of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, who has looked seriously
into,and is well informed upon, the condition of
the finances of the country—I say I hope the sug-
gestions of the gentleman from Ohio will be taken
into consideration when a further enlargement of
the expenses of the Government is to be made.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I will inquire, whether the
morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. CURTIS. When I first came to Congress,
four winters ago, I found that the overland mail,
and the mails via Panama to California, were
being carried on at an expenditure of some two
million two hundred thousand dollars. Since
that time we have been constantly reducing the
expenses of that service until the present time, it
has been cut down to an extent which, including
the Butterfield contract, will amount m the aggre-
gate to something less than two million dollars.
I am informed that it reaches only $1,400,000.
So that all this talk about increased drafts upon
the Treasury cannot apply to this California mail
service; for, as 1 have said, we have been con-
stantly reducing the expense of that service for
the last three years. This, therefore, cannot be
included in the process by which the gentleman
from Ohio says we are bringing the Government
$150,000,000 in debt.
But there is another point of view to which I
wish to call attention. The settlements along the
line of this central route have been greatly in-
creased since I first came to Congress. The gold
mines of the Rocky Mountains have been discov-
ered; and it is due to the people who are there that
mail facilities shall be furnished to them. The
settlements have been extended up the Black river
some two hundred miles, and they receive their
mails from this central route. It also furnishes
mail facilities to the settlers at the Washoe mines,
which have been discovered since I fust came to
Congress; so that there is a necessity for a daily
overlund mail to California existing now which
did not exist formerly. This, then, is a question
between the Panama mail contractois and the
overland mail contractors. It is a question whether
we shall build up the ocean line by Panama, or
whether we shall build up a great overland route
through the heart of our own country. It is a
strife between two great lines—one a water line
and the other a land line. It is a strife between
capital and the pioneers of the West. That is what
the strife is. It is a strife which commenced here
last year, and which is going on now. Shall we
decide it in favor of the parties who will carry the
mail through a foreign country, or in favor of
those who will carry it through the center of our
country ? I am for building up the interior of our
country. I am for the central route. As shown
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Gnow,]
this is a men* question whether we shall pay this
money to Vandeibilt, of New York, or to the
thousands of our citizens who will be benefited
by its being earned by the overland route. I have
watched the progress of this California mail ser-
vice for years, with interest; and I assert that the
change which is now proposed, instead of increas-
ing the expenses of the Government, will reduce
those expenses.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] speaks of this overland route being through
a wilderness of two thousand miles, which it will
require the Army of the United States to protect.
Why, sir, we have a mail service there already,
and Lt requires no army to protect it. The people
of the various posts are able to protcctthemselves.
Mr. MA YNARD. I desire for myself to enter
a disclaimer to the remarks of the gentleman from
Iowa. The remark of the gentleman, whether so
intended or not, would bear the construction, that
those of us who have expressed an opposition to
the discontinuance of the ocean mail service to
California, were in someway interested in secur-
ing from the Government certain benefits, perqui-
sites, or advantages, to Commodore Yanderbilt.
I will not speak for theother gentlemen who have
expressed their opposition to that discontinuance.
It may be that this is the case with the venerable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens;] it
may be that this was the motive of the gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Sherman;] it may be that
such was the fact with my friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps.] They can speak for themselves;
but for myself, I desire to disclaim any interest in
any contract for carrying the mail overland or by
Panama.
Mr. CURTIS. I am glad the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee has called my attention to
the remark to which he refers, if it will bear any
such construction as he has given to it. Cer-
tainly nothing was further from my purpose than
to impute any such motives to the gentleman from
Tennessee; and I here enter the same disclaimer
in respect to all the other gentlemen. I merely
desired to express my hope that this House will
not continue a system which I believe to be
wrong. I prefer that our mails for the Pacific
shafll be carried through our own territory.
%/ DISTURBED STATE OF THE COUNTRY.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the Chair states that the report of the
committee of thirty-three comes up for consider-
ation as a special order; upon which the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] is
entitled to the floor,
Mr. WINSLOW. I have not sufficiently re-
covered my voice to be able to address the House
to-day; and I shall have to throw myself upon
the indulgence of gentlemen to afford me an op-
portunity of addressing them at some subsequent
period.
Mr. RUST addressed the House an hour. [His
remarks, and other proceedings connected there-
with. will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, I recognize, to-
day,but two parties in thiscountry: the party of
law and order, and the party of revolution; the
party which would preserve the Federal Govern-
ment and the party which would destroy that
Government*, the unionists and the disunionists.
The rapid growth of the latter organization, which,
emerging from the lurking-places of conspiracy
a little more than two months ago, has in that
short space of time, become dominant in several
of the States, and has led thousands of citizens
into open rebellion against the Government, re-
quires of us a careful scrutiny into the avowed
reasons for so unnatural a revolt, and an impar-
tial investigation of its origin, of the objects of its
leaders, and of the results to which it tends. On
the other hand, the absolute necessity which ex-
ists for the maintenance of social order, demands
of us that we ascertain and adopt the most effect-
ive methods for the preservation of the social fab-
ric. The consideration of the measures reported
by the majority and minority of the committee,
necessarily involves the inquiries which I have
just indicated.
In the manifestoes published by the disunion-
ists for their own justification, I find various cir-
cumstances assigned as furnishing sufficient rea-
sons for rebellion. The first is, that Abraham
Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin have been elected
Presidentand Yice President of the United States.
Was there any violation of the Constitution,any
infringement of the law, in the mode of accom-
plishing that result? None whatever. The result,
then, is not,in itself, sufficient causc for disunion.
But it is said that Abraham Lincoln dislikes
slavery, and is of opinion that it will ultimately
disappear from the Republic. George Washing-
ton, the first President of the United States, held
the same views. So did John Adams; so did
Thomas Jefferson; so did James Madison; so did
James Monroe. Clearly, then, this is not cause
for disunion.
It is urged, however, that Mr. Lincoln thinks
that slavery ought not to expand into free terri-
tory. So did President Jefferson, when he ap-
proved the act to enable the people of Ohio to form
a State constitution with an express provision to
prevent the expansion of slavery into the future
State. So did President Madison, whtfn he ap-
proved the act to enable the people of Indiana to
form a State constitution with the same restric-
tion. So did President Monroe, when, with his
approval, the same conditions were imposed upon
the admission of the State of Illinois. So did Pres-
ident Jackson, when he approved the act organ-
izing the Territory of Wisconsin, including the
present States of Wisconsin and Iowa, with an
express prohibition of the existence of slavery
therein. So did President Polk, when he signed
the act " to establish the territorial government of
Oregon" with the same wise prohibition imposed
upon " the inhabitants and future States"of that
Territory. How, then, can the opinions of Pres-
