THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 26,
atorfrom Kentucky and myself both voted. Then
they have abandoned their doctrine; they have
practically acknowledged that they were wrong
in insisting, upon it in that controversy.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ken-
tacky is, apprehensive that the Republicans are
going to apply ihe proviso, hereafter prohibiting
slavery, in such country as it may be necessary.
What country is that ? I have repeated too often
t<x have it forgotten, that they have organized
every foot, every inch of territory we have got,
without the. proviso. They have nowhere else
to put it. They have applied the principle of non-
intervention and popular sovereignty to all our
territory. Everywhere, wherever the American
flag waves over American soil, in any Territory
of the United States, there the Republicans, by
their vote and their action, have sanctioned the
principle of non-intervention.
Mr. President, I will occupy no more time. I
Know the Senate is anxious to proceed with its
other business, and I regret that I have been com-
pelled to occupy so much time. I repeat, in con-
clusion, what I said in the beginning, that my
object, in the remarks I made yesterday, was
solely to vindicate what I had previously said in
reply to other Senators, and thereby correct the
misapprehension under which a portion of the
southern people were laboring in regard to the
true condition of the Territories.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 shall detain the
Senate but a very little while. I feel that it would
be unjust to detain them long. Perhaps, under
the circumstances, it would be but fair for me to
speak for a few minutes.
Mr. President, I know nothing of the debate
which the Senator from Illinois has had with the
Senator from Virginia, nor with all the induce-
ments to his late speech with which he has enter-
tained the Senate. The case, as far as 1 am con-
cerned, was a very simple one. In attempting to
assist the Senatorfrom Illinoisingetting through
a resolution of inquiry that might look in the
direction of peace, t took occasion to express my
regret that I had seen no evidence upon the part of
the Republicans of abandoning any of their essen-
tial principles. The Senator from Illinois, who
seems to be alternately their eulogist and their
denouncer, a few days afterwards rose and took
infinite pains to prove that I had committed a great
error, and that the Republican party, through their
representatives here,in a patriotic spirit of devo-
tion to, and cordial love for, their country, and
to give eijual rights to all the States, had aban-
doned some of tneir essential principles, particu-
larly had abandoned the whole theory of exclud-
ing slavery from the Territories. That is what
the Senator stated. It was a simple issue.
Before 1 say a word on that, however, sir, le?
me speak to another point. I will not charge the
Senator from Illinois with a purpose either to mis-
understand or to misrepresent what 1 said the other
day; but he has been careful to call attention to
two paragraphs in my remarks recently made in
the Senate, and then to hint at a certain conclu-
sion. He says that I declared that the southern
States would not remain in the Union unless upon
equal terms, or an equitable division. That is,
perhaps, sufficiently near it. I may just as well
read, though, precisely what I did say. After
speaking of what I regarded as the principles of
the Republican party,! said:
" There Is an Impassable gulf between this principle and
that on which the whole body of the southern people stand.
I pass by the evidences we could produce of the practice
of the Government m times gone by. recognizing and pro-
tecting property ot this description in the Territories, on
the high seas, and everywhere within the Federal jurisdic-
tion. f pass by the opinion, not to say the decision, of the
highest judicial tribunal of the fand, declaring that it is
recognized by the Constitution, and entitled to like piotec-
tionwith other property. I take the bioAd ground that this
being a Confederacy of equal States., the States which rec-
ognize property in slaves, and upon which their institu-
tions arc in a great measure founded, will not consent to
remain united in a Confederacy with other States who
deny the existence of that propeitv, who refuse to protect
it, who will exclude it from eveiy inch of the common
domain of all the States.''
The Senator says that, after having-announced
this opinion, I went on to say that the South have
no right to expect that they will ever receive pro-
tection or recognition for property of this descrip-
tion in the common Territories. Having declared
that .the States could not remain united without
this recognition and protection, and then having
declared that the South have no right to expect
that this recognition and protection will ever be
obtained, the inference, he says, is irresistible that,
I was for instantly precipitating Kentucky out of
the Union. The Senator, inadvertently no doubt,
gave a slight twist to the language, as well as to
the meaning, of my remarks. 1 did say, and have
said, on more than one occasion, that, in my opin-
ion, the temper of the dominant party in this
country, as manifested by the acts of us repre-
sentatives in the two Houses of Congress, gave
the South no right to expect that they would agree
to anything except not to abolish slavery in the
States; and if I had no hope but that this party
would ever remain the dominant party, ever re-
main the representatives of these opinions, and
adhere to them, my hope of the existence of this
Confederacy would be gone. I spoke of the fact
that the dominant party, through its representa-
tives, would not give this recognition or protec-
tion ; and I said that equal States in a Confederacy
could not remain united when property of vast
magnitude and value, upon which the institutions
of half of them were founded, would not be rec-
ognized or protected. Whatever I myself, sir,
might be willing to do, my deliberate opinion is,
that it cannot exist under those conditions. It is
broken already, under those circumstances; and
unless some energetic, active, straightforward,
manly, thorough efforts are made to settle the
question on broad, national, and thorough prin-
ciples, it will break still further. It cannot be
saved by trying to persuade the people that they
have substantial advantages which they know
they have not; it cannot be saved by attempting
to persuade the people that a dominant political
party have abandoned principles which they know
they have not abandoned. And, sir, in the close
of the remarks I made on that occasion, I used
this language of earnest appeal to the represent-
atives of the Republican party:
<c If there be a real desiie to reunite all the States m a
constitutional Union, instead of adhering, with stubborn
tenacity, to those principles which will rive the Union as
feuieiyas the wedge lives the oak, instead of devising
schemes to demoralize the border hlave States, and to divide
and distinct the South, address yourselves to the real ques-
tions at issue. Will your people agree that the common
Government shall be impattial between these States and
their institutions? Will it c^aso to nygres-s upon thorn?
Will it cease to put them under the ban of the Republic ?
Will it accord to them a proper share in the common in-
heiitance of all the State* and all the people? These aie
the question-); and yon, and you alone, and those jou
represent, can answer them."
That was the position I took, sir; and, although
I do not charge that the purpose of the Senator
was either to injure me personally in my own
State or elsewhere, or to deceive the people of my
own State, I mean to say that the manner in which
he stated the two propositions, together with the
manner in which he construed them, and the in-
ference that he appeared to draw, would be cal-
culated, unless explained,especially coming from
an eminent source who does not usually speak
lightly, to produce a personally injurious effect.
Now, Mr. President, a word or two on another
point. The Senator says that the President of
the United States docs recognize property in
slaves under the Constitution. I regret to refer
to that eminent individual. I never do it except
m terms of personal respect; and I only follow
the example of the Senator in making a remark
upon that point. The President of the United
States, 1 believe, does recognize the obligation,
either of the States or of the Federal Government,
by suitable provisions, to restore fugitives from
labor under the laws of the State from which they
escaped. To that extent, it is but just to say that
the President recognizes a qualified propci ty m
the labor of a slave within the slave States under |
certain circumstances. But, sir, at the same time,
the President holds honestly to this principle: let
me read it again; these plain and simple written
declarations are worth more than all the ingenious
inferences and arguments gentlemen can use. He
holds honestly this principle:
"That the normal condition of all the territory of the
United States is that of fieedotn ; that a* our lepubhcan
lathers, when they had abolished slavery mall our national
terntoiy, ordained that no person bhrmld be deprived of
life, liboity, or property, without due process of law, it be-
comes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legislation
is necessary, to maintain this provision of the Constitution
against all attempts to violate it; and wo deny the author-
ity of Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, or of any indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Terntoiy
of the United States."
That is the principle; that is the conviction of
the Presidentof the United States; thatis the con-
viction of the majority on this floor. These are
the principles of those they represented when they
came here,whether they represent them now or not.
I say, sir, that I will never have a part in telling
my people that they are perfectly secure in all
their constitutional rights in the Territories and
elsewhere, when I am confronted by a majority
of the States of this Union denying those rights
that they deem to be essential; when I am con-
fronted by a majority in both Houses of Con-
gress, and by the whole power and patronage of
the executive Government.
Now, sir, what could the Senator from Illinois
have meant, when he said that the Republican
party in Congress, in a patriotic spirit, had agreed
to abandon their principles upon this subject, and
that it ought to be acceptable to the South as giv-
ing them more than they have ever claimed
What was the proof he adduced ? The naked fact
that territorial bills were passed through Congress
at the last session without a prohibition of sla-
very. I showed to you, sir, and to the Senate,
that it was because they had not the power to put
the prohibition in. It could not have passed the
Senate, or, if it did, would have been vetoed by
the President. I showed you besides, that they
were to have the patronage of the Territories;
the appointments of the judicial and other officers;
and holding, as they do, that the normal condi-
tion of the Territories is one of freedom, that no
power exists on the part of Congress, a Territo-
rial Legislature, or individuals, to give legal ex-
istence to slavery in a Territory, they felt per-
fectly secure that not one man from the fifteen
southern States, with one slave, would set his foot
on and be protected within those Territories.
I am invited, when I go back to Kentucky, to
say to Kentuckians, " All these complaints, all
these disturbances, have been idle, and vain, and
foolish; upon this point, at least, you are in an
infinitely better condition than you ever were be-
fore. You have a perfect right to go into the
Territories of the United States with your slave
property, and there enjoy it." They will say to
me, " How?" "Why," I will say, " there has
been a territorial bill passed that did not contain
a specific prohibition of slavery." " But," they
ask, " does not the President of the United States
hold that no authority can give legal existence to
slavery within a Territory?" "Yes." "Has
he not appointed the judges in this Territory?"
li Yes.*' " And all the other officers ?" " Yes."
"They share hisopinions?" "Certainly." Then,
practically, in speaking of issues between great
sections of a Confederacy about great interests, is
it not belittling the whole thing to say, that here
are substantial rights, when all the power and all
the machinery of the Government are leveled
against those rights for their utter extinction ?
Then I appeal to the Senators on the other side,
knowing that their answer will be such as I would
regret to hear; I appeal to Senators on the other
side, if the Senator from Illinois was correct in
saying that they had abandoned their principles?
They answer that he was not; but with that ex-
traordinary capacity for sticking to a point which
characterizes the Senator from Illinois, in the face
of what I have read; in the face of the declarations
of the President; in the face of the declarations of
Senators on this floor, he persists m saying that
I must assure the people of Kentucky they were
never in so good condition as they are now in
relation to this matter.
Sir, I cannot do it; I will not do it. I do not
deny,as the Senator from Illinois said, that terri-
torial bills have been passed this session without
the Wilmot proviso; but I do deny the inference
he draws from it, and I do assert that it was done
because the Republicans felt that they were per-
fectly secure in those Territories with the patron-
age of the President and the appointment of judi-
cial and other officers; and probably in addition
bccause, as the Senate was then constituted and
theexecutive departmentofthe Government, with
the proviso the bills couid not become laws, and
they wanted the Territories and wanted the pat-
ronage. That is the simple fact.
I will not return, sir, to that prolific subject of
the Kansas bill. I believe the statement 1 made
when I was first up, as well as my public state-
ments made heretofore, have rendered my position
upon that subject sufficiently explicit; and I am
gratified that the Senatorfrom Illinois did notfeel
