1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it to be his duty to controvert any statement that
I made in regard to my position now or heretofore
in connection with that subject.
Mr President, I sum it up in a word. In the re-
marks that I made the other day, I was scrupu-
lous to avoid any reference to any Senator that I
thought would elicit a reply, particularly to the
Senator from Illinois. The only references I made
to him were to approve his argument, and to say
that I would vote for his resolution. But, sir,
when I find myself charged with having made a
grand mistake as to the purpose of the Repub-
lican party, and when I am assured by their dec-
larations, by their recorded principles, by their
conduct, by their statements here on this floor,
that I was not mistaken, I never can agree to allow
it to be said, in the State of Kentucky, that I was
mistaken,and that the Republican party intend to
abandon all idea of preventing slavery going into
the Territories of this Union. I would be ^ad
to see that party hurled from power; not that I
have the least malice against it; on the contrary,
my personal relations with such of its members
as I know are of the kindest character; but I
would be glad to see it hurled from power, and a
party inaugurated in its stead which would adjust
this question upon sound, equal, and constitu-
tional principles. I hope it maybe so; I shall
contribute all the efforts in my powerto that end;
but, sir, if we are to be saved, we must know the
public danger; and when the people, who are
about to act upon this great subject in all its as-
pects, do act, let them clo it with a full and thor-
ough understanding of the aims, the tendencies,
and the purposes of political parties in this coun-
try. If they can agree, well. If we can reunite
all the States, better, best. If we "cannot, at least
let us act with a full knowledge of the true state
of the case, and not go off into by-paths upon
subordinate, incidental, and inconclusive ideas
and questions.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope I shall be allowed to
say a word in reply to the Senator from Ken-
tucky. That is all I want.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was said an hour ago.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 know; but I think I ought
to be permitted to reply to one or two points for
a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire yield the floor?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know I cannot get much
sympathy from the other side of the Chamber;
but I hope the Senatorfrom New Hampshire will
withdraw the motion.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Hale.) Let him
go on.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I suppose this session
is for making speeches, not for executive busi-
ness. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Kentucky
persists that he will not go back to Kentucky and
tells his people that they stand, in rcspect to the
Territories now, in a better condition than they
ever did before; but he docs not deny the fact that
such is the case. He does not deny that always
heretofore slavery has been prohibited by act of
Congress somewhere in the Territories; and that
now it is not prohibited anywhere. Heretofore,
the South have been excluded from a portion of
-hem by law; now, they are excluded from none
of them by law. He cannot deny that state of
facts; and hence the southern people stand in a
better position now than they ever did before.
He cannot deny the fact; but he says lie will not
tell his people that the fact is so. I desire that
the people of Kentucky and of every State of this
Union shall know the facts. I desire to put the
Republican party out of power as much as the
Senator from Kentucky does; but I will not foster
unkind feeling and apprehensions of danger in the
South, for party purposes. I will tell The truth
about the conduct of the Republican party, even
if it operates to their credit, and to the injury of
my own party. They having passed these laws,
I give them credit for what they have done. The
Senator does not deny that they have passed those
laws; but he professes to believe that they do not
intend to carry out this policy in the future. Ah
I have to say on that point is, they have done it.
It is not a question of what they intend to do; it
is done. They have organized every Territory
in America without the proviso: the act is accom-
plished. It will not do for the Senator to deny
that they intended to do what they have done.
Again: the Senator attempts to prove that such
is not the purpose of the Republican party, by
reading what they said in the Chicago platform
before the election, to contradict what trie party
have done by their recorded votes since the elec-
tion. The Chicago platform cannot prove that
every Republican in this Senate did not, since
that platform was adopted, vote on the yeas and
nays for the organization of each Territory with-
out the proviso.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Ask them the reason.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not talking with them
about the reason. I am talking about the fact.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. "Will the Senator
allow me one moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. He speaks of the
fact. ' The significance of a fact depends often on
the reason of it. There they sit. Let him ask
them the reason now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have spoken
of this fact, and attributed to them what I con-
sidered the reason; that it was a patriotic regard
for the country, to prevent further disruption of
the Union. No one of them has dissented. When
I have called upon them for a dissent from other
portions of my speeches, they have told me that
it was not their policy to answer questions, and
that they did not think I had a right to insist
upon answers from them. I took the hint, and
did not choose to ask them any more questions. It
is enough for me that they have done this act, and
that the net which they have done put the South in
a better position than itevcr was before; gives the
South equality in all the Territories, and an equi-
table division besides. I want these facts known
to the people of Kentucky, not to injure the Sen-
ator, as he supposes, but to enable him to rally
the Union men, and vote down and crush out
every disunionist in Kentucky. That is what I
want it for. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want to strengthen his
hands since lie tells us of his devotion to the Union,
and how anxious he is to prevent the secession of
the border States. I am not willing that disuniou-
ists should cut his throat, and get his State outof
the Union, depriving him of his seat for the next
six years in this Chamber. I want to save to the
country his valuable services for the next six
years. I want to save the State of Kentucky from
disunion. I want to strengthen his hands as the
leader of the Union men—as I now understand
that to be his position—and enable him to annihi-
late all secessionists in Kentucky, by demonstrat-
ing that she is safe in the Union, even under this
Republican Administration. Thatismy object. It
was intended as an act of kindness, therefore, to
the Senatorfrom Kentucky; and I am glad to be
assured by him that I misapprehended him when
I supposed that he thought Kentucky ought to
secede if she did not get the terms of which he
spoke. But it seems that lie was only expressing
an opinion of what Kentucky would do, but not
what he wished to have her do. I am glad to be
informed that he does not think she ought to
secede in that contingency.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I said nothing upon
that subject, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator corrected my
inference that he thought she ought; and by cor-
recting that inference, 1 supposed he meant to inti-
mate that it was a wrong inference, or otherwise
he would not have contradicted it. But, &ir, I will
not piolong this debate. My object has not been
to have a controversy with any one. The position
of the Senator from Kentucky is well known on
the old party issues. My position is equally well
known; but I refrain from entering into that field
of controversy. I have only answered such posi-
tions as I deem essential to the encouragement of
the Union men, north and south, to the end that
they might be able to rally the patriotic hosts of
all parties and put down disunion and secession
in every state of the Union.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingbam, Clark, ColJauwr,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris,
Howe, King, Lane, Morrill, Rice. Sherman, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Bright, Clingman, Doug-
las, Hale, Latham, Mitchel, Nesmith, Polk, Powell, a d
Wade—11.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
TKOOPS m TILE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask leave to offer
the following resolution; and, if there be no ob-
jection, I will ask a vote upon it now without dis-
cussion, in pursuance of the purpose indicated in
my remarks of this morning to the Senate:
Hesoiued, That the Senate rccommend and advise the
removal of the United States troops from the limits of the
confederate States.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The resolution being objected to,
must lie over under the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I had drawn a similar res-
olution some time ago, which embraces one point
in addition. 1 hope it will relieve us from all the
difficulty. I am sure the sense of Senators will
approve it in this form; and if it is agreeable to
the Senator from Kentucky, I will offer it as a
substitute:
Resoloed, That, in the opinion of the Senate, it is expe-
dient that the President should withdraw all tne troops of
the United States from the States of South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas,
and abstain from all attempts to collect revenues in the
said States.
This resolution covers both points. I think,
if the troops are withdrawn, there ought to be a
forbearance from any attempt to collect revenues
there.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. One moment, if the
Senator from Vermont will permit me.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suomit the motion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
North Carolina is on the floor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the motion is in
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
North Carolina is on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have a right to offer the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not now
in order, as the resolution has been objected to,
and lies over.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was going to say
that I have no objection to the substitute offered
by the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I had intended to offer
that resolution; but if the Senator from Ken-
tucky accepts it as a substitute, very well.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 rise to a question of
order. I desire to know what is the question
before the Senate r
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky offered a resolution. The Sena-
tor from North Carolina proposed to amend 
Mr. COLLAMER. That resolution was laid
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair to get through ? It was ob-
jected to. The Senator from Kentucky then stated
that he would accept the resolution offered by
the Senator from North Carolina in lieu of the
resolution thathehad offered; and that is objected
to, and lies over under the ruiu. Now the Sen-
ator from Vermont is in order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. POWELL. "With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I will ask leave to withdraw
some papers.
Mr. COLLAMER. I yield for that purpose.
•WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. POWELL. Alexander R. McKee, of
Kentucky, presented a memorial to the Senate,
sometime since, con corning certain lands in Texas.
I ask leave to withdraw the title papers. I under-
stand no report has been made on the subject.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
