THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
citizens arc silenced by fear. Men of property
either join the ranks of the insurgents, in hope
of saving something from the wreck, or stand
despairingly aloof, hopeless of the future. Let
but the lies which bind the States to the Federal
Government he broken, and the leaders of the re-
hellion see glittering before them the prizes of a
slaveholding empire, which, grasping Cuba with
one hand, and Mexico with the other, shall dis-
tribute titles, fame, and fortune, to .the foremost
in the strife.
Such, in my opinion, is the real origin of the
present revolt, and such are the motives which
inspire its leaders. I do not say that all who arc
participating in the rebellion share these feelings.
Thousands of honest men have been deceived by
the promoters of revolution, and verily think that
they are striking for endangered rights. And what
is the result to which all this tends? The first
thing which it proposes to accomplish is the dis-
memberment of the Republic; and this it claims
the right to do, without the consent of the Fed-
eral Government or of the loyal States, but as an
exercise of the plain constitutional powers of the
disloyal States. The advocates of this dogma
would hide the guilt of rebellion, and the blood
and tears of revolution, under the soft-spoken
phraseology of secession. They have dug the
rotting bones of nullification out of its dishonored
grave, and clothing them with the mask and robes
of a false legality, have endeavored--to conceal
from the world the grinning skeleton within. I
shall not spend time in exposing the imposture.
The Government of the United States is a delu-
sion, the Union a sham, and the Constitution alio,
if secession be true. I can add nothing to the
reasoning which has already been brough t to bear
upon it. Daniel Webster smote it with his Tlior's
hammer a generation since; and no man of this
generation can add to the weight of that blow.
What results may be expected after the dismem-
berment of the Republic? The southern empire
will seek to coalesce, and may lorn time succeed;
but it will find in the ambition of rival chiefs, in
the conflict of rival interests', and in the pernicious
example of successful rebellion, sources of dis-
cord more serious than ever prevailed in the old
Union. Without diversity of industry, and with
labor enslaved, aristocracy will continue to ex-
pand until the necessity of armies for defense,
armies for attempted conquest, and forces to watch
the first symptoms of insurrection, will superin-
duce a military despotism. The expansion, now
so much sought for, will not be obtained. Neither
the Powers of the old world cv of the new will per-
mit Mexico or Cuba to pass into the hands of the
empire of the South. The slave trade will be
reopened, at first clandestinely, at last openly.
Taxation will fall with crushing weight upon the
property interests. Thousands will fly from a
country given over to destruction, to regions where
liberty and social order will still prevail. The
preponderance of the black over tlie white race
will begin and will increase with fearful rapidity.
I close my eyes in horror, and look no further,
for the far horizon is growing lurid with the fires
of St. Domingo.
Meanwhile, the United States of America re-
mains among the-forcmost of the nations of the
Q&l-h. Still bel|i-ng the continent with its vast
domain, possessed of an industry thq most diver-
sified of that of any people, retaining agricultural,
commercial, manufacturing, and mining interests
unsurpassed anywhere in extent and in capacity
of development, bound together with iron bonds
by the great highway of nations whose termini
shall be the Atlantic and Pacific shores, and oc-
cupied by a people as free, as virtuous, as happy,
and as contented asany on the globe—the grandeur
of the Republic will remain unimpaired by the
madness of those who have rejected its blessings.
Over every sea the stars and stripes will still
wave, not as " the ensign of one of the little
North American Republics," but as the flag of
the United States, feared for the Power whose
symbol it is, honored by a thousand recollections,
endeared by a thousand associations, and, per-
haps, not less glorious in the sight of the civilized
worid when slavery shall have ceased to recog-
nize that banner as its emblem.
It has been said, indeed, that the dismember-
ment which I have been considering is not the
only one that may occur; and sundry gentlemen,
whose homes are to the northward of Mason and
Dixon's line, but whose principles would seem
to have sprung from a more congenial southern
soil, have expressed an anxiety to escape from a
further union with New England. I do not won-
der when such expressions fall from the lips of
any one who, in this age of the world, and bred
amid free institutions, has nevertheless consented
to become the apologist of slavery. But, sir,
what would this nation be without the New Eng-
land influence which has permeated its whole life?
Go outfrom her borders, and follow the parallels
of latitude westward to the Pacific. Wherever
alimg your pathway you find, mingled in their
justest proportions, reverence for law and love of
civil liberty; wherever you find the highest social
order resting securely upon the broadest democ-
racy; wherever industry is most prevalent, and
reaps the most ample rewards; wherever villages
cluster thickest, and churches most abound, and
school-houses stand most frequent; wherever
Christianity assumes her purest form, and edu-
cation is most widely disseminated, there, sir,
everywhere there, you behold the foot-prints of
New England. Andat home, among her mount-
ains and along her valleys, dwells to-day a people
unsurpassed, in everything that makes a nation
great, by any peopleon this e arth. Cast by accident
upon a bleak and comparatively sterile region, they
found themselves confronted by the hostile ele-
ments of nature,and defied and conquered them.
They have turned the rocky hill-sides into smooth
pasture fields, and the desolate swamps into fair
meadows. They have chained the rushing rivers,
and compelled them to drive the machinery of a
thousand manufactories, whose product is borne
by their commerce to the farthest, regions of the
globe. They have dotted the land all over with
villages, where the hum of industry never ceases
except for the old New England Sabbath rest.
Then- government is the purest democracy the
world ever saw; their social order as perfect as
any that everprevailed in human society. From
every hill-top you can count the spires of many
churches; in every hamlet the school-house, free
to all, has its place. The people who dwell there
are quiet, loyal, law-abiding men, pursuing their
avocations in peace, and dreading commotion and
civil strife. But the blood of the old Ironsides is
in their veins, and in their minds the memories
of Marston Moor mingle with those of Lexington
and Bunker's Hill. The impulse which lies deep-
est in their hearts is not the miserable fiction mis-
called honor, but the living and eternal verity of
duty, at whose call-they will, if need be, lay down
the implements of peace, and walk as calmly up
to the cannon's mouth as they now do to then-
daily toil. Sir, the United States of America can-
not afford to lose New England, and the sons of
New England, scattered all over the broad North
and West, cannot sunder the tie which binds
them to the hearth-stone of civil liberty on this
western continent.
But I am wandering from my purpose. I have
now considered the avowed reasons for this re-
volt, its real origin, the object of its authors, and
the results to which it tends. It remains for me
to ascertain, if I can, the most effective methods
for its suppression. Great changes 111 the con-
dition of affairs have occurred since the early
sessions of the committee. When we first met,
no State hjid -attempted to withdraw from the
Union; no'Federal property had been seized and
confiscated; no Federal forts captured; no rebel
cannon fired upon the national flag. Six weeks
ago, we might properly have discussed alleged
grievances; it may now be appropriate that pre-
liminary measuresofadiffprentcharncterbe taken.
If I have correctly judged of the origin and char-
acter of this sedition, it may well be doubted
whether there is not more need of the intervention
of the judicial and executive departments—to
which alone belong the trial and punishment of
crimes—than of the legislative.
But the subject is before Congress, and we are
asked to compromise. And to compromise what ?
Not questions of financial, commercial, or indus-
trial policy, but our convictions of moral recti-
tude, our love of liberty, our reverence for duty.
This is what constitutes the grave character of the
issue now before us. In matters of revenue, in
matters of finance, in all matters of mere expedi-
ency, concessions and compromises may safely
enough be made; but I know of only one ruie of
civil conduct when moral duties are necessarily
brought into the field of political action, and that
rule is, to do right. To ingraft upon the Consti-
tution an express recognition of property in man,
and to pledge the power of this Government un-
alterably for the preservation and protection of
that property in all the Federal Territories where
slave labor can be.profitably employed, would be,
in my judgment, a monstrous iniquity, abhorred
of God, and deserving the execration of the civ-
ilized world.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
reprobates the phrase "property in man," and,
in the next breath, claims to have won a victory
by the decision in the Dred Scott case, whose
cardinal principle is the recognition of this very
"property in man." I turn to the laws of his own
State; I find there th&t a slave is a chattel per-
sonal; a thing to be sold at auction, to be devised
by will, to descend by inheritance, to be bought
and sold, to be levied upon in execution; and I
am asked to consent that the Constitution of the
United States shall be so changed—1 will not say
amended—as to go on unalterably forever, foster-
ing, nourishing, and protecting this system in
Territories which, by the organic law of a Span-
ish Republic, were to be always free. Such is the
proposition of the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, substantially reproduced in the resolution
suggested by the gentleman from Louisiana. Sir,
I cannot accede to it. The authority of that Sen-
ator is of 110 avail in a question of this character;
and nothing that has occurred since my associa-
tion with Congress, has filled me with such pro-
found regret, as this last act of his long, useful,
and honorable public life.
Why, sir, do gentlemen think that the freemen
of the North are all knaves and hypocrites, as
well as cowards? For six years have the sup-
porters of Mr. Douglas been denouncing this idea
of protection to slave property in the Territories.
Because their leader deserts them, do you expect
that they, too, will repudiate the principles which
have grown to be a part of their intellectual be-
ing? For six years have the supporters of Mr.
Lincoln been striving to secure those Territories
from the pernicious influences of the system of
bondage. They have been doing this because
they thought it best for the whole country that
such a result should be attained; best for the Ter-
ritories, best for posterity; they have been doing
this because they thought that the extension of
slavery by the national authority would bring
down the vengeanceofHeaven upon a guilty land;
because they saw that wherever the institution
was most powerful, civil liberty, whose elements,
as I have before said, are freedom of speech, free-
dom of the press, and freedom of elections, could
not exist. And in all this they have been ex-
ceedingly in earnest. They have won a great
victory; they have elected a President of like po-
liticallaith with themselves; and now you gravely
ask them to turn their backs upon all their past
professions, to renounce the principles by whose
utterance they have obtained power, and to make
themselves a mockery and a hissing to the whole
civilized world, because tlv1 defeated party threat-
ens a resort to arms! When they comply with
that request, sir, the time will have come to level
down Bunker's Hill.
The chairman of the select committee of this
House has reported a senes of measures, the first
of which is a joint, resolution for an amendment
to the Constitution, of a somewhat different char-
acter. I will read it, as reported:
Art. XII. No amendment of this Constitution having
for us object any intcrt£rence within the States with the
relation beuve'en their citizens and those described in sec-
tion second of the tir.-t article of the Constitution as " all
other persons," shall oiiginate with any State tiiat does not
recognize that relation within its own limits, or shall be
valid without the assent of every one of the States compos-
ing the Union.
Is it possible to listen to these words without a
feeling that we are ashamed of what we are doing?
Observe the circumlocution, the awkwardness of
construction, the involutions of meaning. What
is it all for? Sir, it is because you are putting
slavery into the Constitution beyond what the
fathers did. Do you say that they, too, described
bondage by a circumlocution ? I answer, they
did no such thing. They intended that their Con-
stitution should contain no Federal recognition of
slavery; and they went directly to the accom-
plishment of that intention by designating every
human being in the land as a person. Why put
