THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Vermont considers that he is put. No Senator
has a'right to put me in any such position.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator who moves
to take it up says that he means it in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is true the Senator from
Kentucky may make any proposition he pleases,
but it is also true that I vote as I please; and when
I vote to take up the resolution, I do not vote for
the resolution. -I do not expect to vote for the
resolution. I vote to take it up; because the Sen-
atorfrom Kentucky wants to get it up. I am will-
ing that he shall have it up, and I am willing to
vote against it directly, if a vote comes upon it.
Mr. OOLLAMER. I merely wish to suggest
that, whether you will vote for it or not, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky says he will take it so to
the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
Illinois will allow me to make a single remark.
Of course I would have preferred that the resolu-
tion should be taken up, and the opinions of Sen-
ators on this question disclosed on a direct vote;
but understanding as I did that there would be
objection to taking it up, and that the different
opinions prevailing here would array themselves
perhaps on the question of taking up the resolu-
tion, I merely suggested that the question of tak-
ing it up should oe regarded asatest question. If
Senators by common consent will take up the
resolution, it would be much better that the sense
of the Senate should bo expressed by a direct vote
on the resolution itself. My remark in regard to
this being considered a test question grew out of
the observations which I heard from Senators oil
the other side, that there would be objection on
that side to taking it up at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from'Kentucky. He desired to have an expres-
sion of the Senate, and wanted to get it indirectly,
if he could not directly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Exactly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He would like very well
to make it a test question. I have said why he
cannot make it a test question. Other Senators
will not think proper to make it one, although it
is desirable, as he thinks, that they should. jJow,
I am willing 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the Senator will
allow me, I will say that I would prefer that the
question on taking up the resolution should not
be a test question. 1 would prefer that it should
be taken up, and the test question be on a direct
vote for or against the resolution; but since I ap-
prehend that there may bo a majority of votes
against taking it up, I prefer that the test question
should come somewhere, so that the country may
understand what the sense of the Senate is, anil
that the sense of the Senate on this subject may
not be smothered by parliamentary proceedings
and by indirection. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that if the
resolution were taken up the Senator from Ken-
tucky would succeed in getting a test vote upon
his precise resolution. It may be amended, for
aught I know. I believe one amendment has al-
ready been suggested, which he has indicated
that he would accept; so that, after all, the prop-
osition upon which we shall vote, if we vote at
all, will be something different from the one which
he moves to take up. My only object in rising
was to say that I should not regard myself as
committed for the resolution or against the reso-
lution, one way or the other, by the vote which
I give in favor of taking it up. I am willing to
meet the resolution, if a vote comes directly on
it, or to meet such amendments as may be offered
to the resolution.
Mr. BOUGLAS. It is very obvious, from the
brief debate which has taken place, that the mo-
tion to take up this resolution will not be a test
question upon its adoption, or upon its merits.
That is apparent from the fact that the Senator
from Kentucky himself proposes to accept the
substitute suggested by the Senator from North
Carolina; and then, at the request of the Senator
from Minnesota, is going to make further modi-
fications, so as to except Key West and Tortugas
from the operation of the resolution. What other
amendments will be made, no one can tell. I
shall vote to take up the resolution, but still
neither of the proposed amendments suggested
would bring it within my view of the form that
it ought ultimately to take. 1 think that it would
be wise for the President of the United States to
withdraw the troops from Fort Pickens, as 1 un-
derstand they have been, or will be, withdrawn
from Fort Sumter. Those being the only two
places that are within the actual possession of the
United States within the territory now recogniz-
ing the authority of the revolutionary government
at Montgomery, they are the only points where
there is danger of collision and irregular war.
The resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
however, would go much further. It proposes
to advise the President to withdraw the troops
from all the confederate States, except (if he ac-
cepts the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota,) those at Key West and Tortugas. I do
not like that. That implies that Key West and
Tortugasare within the confederate States. I deny
that they are. Whatever government the confed-
erate States have got, it is a revolutionary gov-
ernment. A revolutionary government can only
claim what it actually occupies, and can take
nothing by implication. Although Key West
and Tortugas may have been within the former
limits of Florida, they are not within the confed-
erate Ctates under the revolutionary government.
If the Senator from Kentucky will modify his
resolution, and declare that it is the sense of the
Senate that it would be good policy to withdraw
the troops at Fort Sumter and Fort Pickens, or
that the Senate would" approve of their with-
drawal, I certainly would sanction that line of
policy. I believe it would be wise.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator is discussing
the merits.
Mr. DOUGLAS I am not discussing the merits
any further than other gentlemen have done.
Mr. COLLAMER. The'rules forbid it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The rules have not been en-
forced on others; I suppose we are doing this by
unanimous consent; but I am about done. I am
willing to sanction and approve the policy, under
existing circumstances, of withdrawing the troops
from Sumter and Pickens. I believe that would
tend to keep the peace. Those forts are both local
in their character. Neither of them protects any-
thing, except the entrance of the harbor where it
is situated. Those harbors being in the posses-
sion of the revolutionary government, we have no
object in holding the forts, unless it is as a basis
of military operations for leducing those States,
and I apprehend, if we should go into that policy,
we should not begin at those points. Hence, I
sec no wise purpose in holding those two'places,
or either of them,as mere sources of constant irri-
tation, without accomplishing any national pur-
pose. Those being the only places now ill the
possession of the United States within the terri-
tory in the actual occupation of the revolutionary
government, 1 would withdraw the troops; but
1 would not pass a resolution in such form as to
recognize that the revolutionary government has
any chum to one inch of soil that it docs not ac-
tually occupy.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator if they occupy Fort Pickens, or ever did?
Mr. DOUGLAS. They do not occupy Fort
Pickens itself; but they occupy the harbor and
land surroundingit, so that you are there holding
a post simply inside of the enemy's lines, where
you are ill danger of constant collision and blood-
shed.
Mr. CLARK. Outside.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; the island of Santa Rosa
brings it inside.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise, Mr. President,
under the ruling of the Chair. Two or three times,
since this discussion has arisen, it has been an-
nounced that the debate must be confined simply
to the question of taking up, and should not ex-
tend to the merits of the proposition,
l] Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield to the suggestion;
11 but I must say to the Senator that it would have
i: been quite as polite to call the first one to order
! as to allow him to go on.
| Mr. COLLAMER. I did so in the beginning,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Senator made a
speech himself.
Mr. COLLAMER. No speech on the merits
of the resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to occupy
time. I was making suggestions why the motion
to take up would not be a test question on the
resolution 111 the form in which it now stands. I
am willing to have the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in th^jphair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion on the motion to take up the resolution?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word on the question of taking up the resolution.
The honorable Senator from Ken tucky announced
that, even if this question should be taken up and
the discussion entered into, he could not remain
after to-day, or to-morrow at the furthest. If this
resolution is to be taken up and the discussion is
to be opened, it will last several days; it must of
necessity; and therefore I shall vote against taking
it up; nor shall I submit to have my honorable
friend say that it is a test vote on me, either.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I did not assume to
say that this should be a test vote; but I sug-
gested that, by the general consent of the Senate,
it might be a test vote. Senators will bear me
witness that I stated, all along, that I preferred it
should not be a test vote, but that the test vote
should he. the direct vote on the resolution itself.
In regard to the probability of a discussion which
may run through several days if this resolution
should b? taken up, all I have to say is, that that
furnishes a very plausible excuse for refusing to
consider the question at all; but this subject lias
been very fully discussed in the Senate and out
of the Senate; and I presume that all Senators are
i prepared to vote upon it without discussion. I
trust, therefore, that the resolution will be taken
up, and the sense of the Senate expressed one
way or the other upon this great issue.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say one word
only. It is out of my memory that any man
except the gentleman himself, has said anything
about this question this session—none on this
side of the House whatever.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There has been the
amplest opportunity, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Your complaint was that
we did not.
Mr. WADE. I hope this resolution will be
taken up, and as we have time enough now to
discuss it, and very little else to do, I trust that
we shall go into a discussion of it in full. I do
not know what the policy of this Administration
may be with respect to the fjuestions involved in
the resolution; but I entertain very strong opin-
ions upon the subject, which I am very anxious
to express. If it were in order to do so on this
motion, I should not hesitate to do it now; and I
must say that my experience in the Senate has
not been that, on a motion to take up, we were
excluded entirely from debating the merits of the
question; for so far as my recollection goes, it
has almost constantly involved the whole merits
of the question, and the main debate has arisen
011 taking up. My opinion is, that the Senate of
the United States, under present circumstances,
ought to express themselves upon the policy of
the Government in full. I know very well that
the President may indicate the measures that he
sees fit to pursue; but we are a coordinate branch;
we are his advisers; and in my judgment it is
right and proper that we should, in emergencies
like the present, express our opinions in full, not
only to the President, but to the people of the
United States. I say to gentlemen on the other
side, I have no concealments to make upon this
subject. I am anxious that the resolution should
receive a full discussion now. Seven States of
this Union have gone out, and are now domi-
neered over by usurpation. Their people have
had no voice in the new governments that we un-
derstand have been erected in the southern States,
but a military despotism tramples their rights
under foot; and I have no doubt that a majority
of those people to-day, had they the power,
would call upon us to vindicate their rights, and
the Constitution makes it our duty to do it. What
argument, sir, shall we make to those people 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Piesident, I must,
under the circumstances, having called the Sen-
ator from Illinois to order for going into the dis-
cussion of the merits, feel constrained to do the
same thing to my friend from Ohio.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall forgive the Senator
for calling me to order if he will allow the Sena-
tor from Ohio to go on. [Laughter.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not consider that the
question of order is properly put here.' When
any measure has been laid on the table by a vote
of the Senate, I have always heard that it was
not debatable 011 amotion to take up; but I never
