1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
knew that a motion to take up a resolution did
not open it to debate, if it had never been lag! on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poster
in the chair.) The Chair is under the impression
—is quite sure, indeed—that the late Presiding
Officer of the Senate decidcd that, where a ques-
tioirwas made in regard to the order of business,
whether it was in respect to postponing a meas-
ure before that body or taking up a measure on
the table, it did not open the question generally to
debate upon the merits, but simply to suggestions
and reasons either for proceeding with the busi-
ness or not proceeding with it. That the Chair
believes to have been the decision substantially
of the late Presiding Officer, which has been fol-
lowed ever since. The Chair will, therefore, feel
bound to enforce such a rule, if the question of
order be made.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, unless I
can have full scopc to give my opinions, I hardly
wish to enter upon it, although I am anxious to
do so; because I feci that the people in the south-
ern States have rights that we are bound to vindi-
cate. I am very restive under this ruling, but I
must submit to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Submit with a good grace,
as I did.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, i hope that my
friends will vote to take up this resolution, and
give it a full and free consideration; for, in my
judgment, the emergenues of the count i y demand
that it should be fully discussed and fully under-
stood.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I join the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. W\r r:] in express-
ing the hope that this resolution will he taken
up; but candor requires me to say that I have
little confidence that it will be done. If all on that
side of the Chamber were as candid and straight-
forward in their manner of legislating as that Sen-
ator is, there would be no difficulty in reaching a
direct vote on the tesolution under considet.Uion,
or the amendment proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina; but, sir, they are not. 1 can but
admire the bold and manly course of the Senator
from Ohio; we always know where to find him.
lie will vote to take up the resolution, because
he is in favor of asserting the power and declaring
it to be the duty of the General Government to
hold, possess, and occupy all the propeity be-
longing to it, in each and every one of the seven
States that have withdrawn from the Union; that
Senator is in favor of enforcing the collection of
the revenue in each and every one of those States,
and enforcing obedience to Federal authority gen-
erally, and lie has the courage to say so; and as
much as I may, and do, differ with him, I repeat,
I can but commend linn for his frankness; but
how is it with a large majority of those who usu-
ally act with that Senator' Will they vote to
take up this resolution, and thus give to those of
us on this side of the Chamber, who deny any
such power, and who oppose any such policy, an
opportunity of saying so, and of expressing to the
Executive our opinion against coercion, or at-
tempting coercion in any form? I repeat, Mr.
President, I hope they will; but I fear the sequel
will prove they will not.
Now, sir, I am in favor of the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, or I am quite
as willing to take the more comprehensive amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina; either conveys the idea to the Executive
and the country us to what our opinion of his
duty is m the present emergency. In the absence
of any act or expression on the part of the new
Administration, up to this time, showing or an-
nouncing what its policy towards the con ft derated
States is to be, I think there is great propriety,
now that we are about to separate, to decently
express our opinion in the manner proposed in the
resolution and amendment under consideration.
i am anxious to take up the subject; not to
talk about it, but to give a silent vote, indicating
my convictions of the duty of those who are to
act in our absence. I do not know whether the
counsel we propose giving the Executive from
this side of the Chamber would be heeded or not;
but he is not as wise a man as 1 take lum to be
if lie attempts coercion in any form, or the en-
forcement of Federal authority in any one of the
seven States that have, by a conventional ordi-
nance, declared themselves out of the Union. But
I venture the assertion, that, do as we may in ref-
erence to the subject under consideration, whether
we act on the resolution or not, there will be no
effort at coercion, there will be no attempt to en-
force Federal authority in a seceding State. The
present Executive is a man of too much wisdom
and prudence to engage in any such fatal experi-
ment to the peace and prosperity of his country
at this critical crisis.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we are to have a dis-
cussion on this question, we want some assurance
that the Senate is to remain in session, so that we
can have the discussion.
'Mr. BRIGHT, I will agree to sit a month, if
you want it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is understood on the
other side of the Chamber that the Senators will
remain here, so that a quorum may be continued
for a week, in order that we may go on with the
discussion of this question, and do other business,
I should have no objection whatever to going into
the discussion of this question; but I understand,
from what has occurred, that it is expected we
shall adjourn to-morrow—that it will be impos-
sible for us to retain our quorum after to-morrow;
and there is executive business still on our hands
to be done. Ifeis for that reason that I shall vote
against taking up this resolution, because of ne-
cessity it is to lead to a very long discussion. Nor
do I submit to the idea that, if 1 vote against
taking it up, it is any test on the merits what-
ever. I go into no discussion of the merits.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know it is coming to be
a very ordinary mode of expression, that the Sen-
ate is the advisory body of the President. I deny
it. Constitutionally, the President may do cer-
tain things with the advice of the Senate, m two
cases: first, in relation to appointments; and sec-
ond, m relation to treaties; and there it ends.
This body is not the advisory body of the Exec-
utive any further than the Constitution 
Mi. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what the question before the Senate is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont give way to the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir. It is said (and
the argument has been repeated over two or three
times, in different quarters) that this resolution
should be taken up because we are an advisory
body. I deny it. We are an advisory body just
to the extent I have stated, and no more; and that
is, in those cases where our advice is asked for
under the Constitution.
Again, Mr. President, so far from this resolu-
tion being in response to a request from the Ex-
ecutive for any advice, it is not even moved by
anybody who professes to be the friend or sup-
porter of the Executive. The resolutions come
altogether from those who professedly are opposed
to the Administration. They want to give advice
to it. The advice is not proposed to be given by
its friends. Besides, we have no time to consider
the question; and the very honorable Senator who
presents the resolution,and asks us to takeit up,
himself says that he cannot stay hero any longer
than to-day, or to-morrow at any rate. For these
reasons, I think it is an assumption in us to un-
dertake to entertain this resolution, coming from
the quarter and having the purpose in view which
it professes.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Only a single word,
sir. I do not see why the Senate may not ex-
piess its opinion upon the duty of the Govern-
ment in the present condition of the countiy,
without elaborate debate. The Senate is m pos-
session of all the facts; the country is in possession
of all the facts. Give your opinion. It will be
worth much to this country. Argue it afterwards.
Speak to your constituents-.address letters through
the public press, if Senators choose; but the sim*
pie vote of the Senate will be of value to this
country, if that vote should be in the direction of
peace and conciliation.
The Senator from Vermont says that there is
no time to argue it, and that I, who moved it,
must go away. It is true that I must leave the
city to-morrow, for private and domestic reasons,
which 1 have stated to Senators in explanation of
that course. But. sir, I see not why the Senate
may not take up this question, and vote upon it.
As to the suggestion of the Senator from Ver-
mont that no notice should be taken of this res-
olution, because it comes from a source not polit-
ically friendly to the Administration, what has
that to do with it? In the presence of a Confed-
eracy dismembered; in the presence of the danger
of civil war; in the presence of convulsions that
startle and alarm the people from one end of this
country to the other, am I to be told that a prop-
osition coming from an American Senator is not
to be considered, because that Senator is, not of
the same political party with the Executive Ad-
ministration ? It seems to me, sir, to be consiti-
ing this question in a view altogether too narrow
for its merits.
This is the character of argumentand of reason-
ing which I have been in the habit of hearing for
weeks and weeks upon this floor. I repeat simply
this broad proposition, which I had the honor to
state the other day: your Confederacy is dismem-
bered; you are in danger of civil war unless some
policy is pursued which will insure peace; and
any suggestion 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE I did not call the
Senator from Ohio to order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg to say to the Sen-
ators around me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theSen-
atorfrom Kentucky give way for the Senator from
W isconsin ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will not wait for the
point of order. 1 yield.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will simply say that I
have ceased to be the defender of the rules of
order, and will take no further part.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I yielded before any
point of order was made.
Mr. NESMITH. I fully concur in the view of
the Senator from Vermont, that this body is only
advisory so far as its advice is asked for by the
President of the United States; but on this motion
there are certain other considerations which will
influence my vote.
The Senator from Illinois offered a resolution,
the intent and purport of which was to call out
fiom the Administration something which indi-
cated its policy. Inasmuch as that resolution was
tabled, no direct vote having been taken upon it, and
as we were deprived of the opportunity of calling
upon the Presidentof the United States to indicate
to the people of the United States what his policy
would be, I think the next best remedy is to give
to the Senate of the United States an opportunity
to express their opinion relative to these matters.
I know there is a great deal of interest felt in
the country as to the policy of the Administra-
tion, and I shall vote to take up this resolution, in
order to give the distinguished Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] the opportunity, as he has mani-
fested the disposition, to unbosom himself to the
country; and I shall take what he says at least as
an indication of what policy is to be pursued.
In a few days, Mr. President, I shall leave thig
"gay and festive scene," [laughter,] en route to
my home in the wilds and mountains on the Pa-
cific coast. I propose to leave very soon, unless
there is an extra session of Congress called. Un-
less I have some intimation from the Adminis-
tration here that an extra session is to be called
which will require my presence, I propose to go
home; and I do not propose to return until next
December, if I do then; that will depend upon the
dispensations of Divine Providence. If your Ser-
geant-ut-Arms is sent to compel my attendance,
he will cross many a stormy billow, and many a
high and rugged mountain peak, before he finds
me. And, inasmuch as I propose to take this
course, and to return to the people who have sent
me here, there will be ten thousand questions pro-
posed to me. Many a hundred of the honest
backwoodsmen will ask me, when I reach the
shores of the Pacific, what is to be the course of
this Administration. They want to know whether
we shall have peace or war. If I go there, and
tell them I do not know, they will at once insti-
tute an inquiry as to what they sent me here for.
[Laughter.] It is a very violent presumption that
a Senator knows everything, however much he
may be supposed to know in order to get here;
and it is particularly a violent presumption in my
case; but I do desire to go back to the Pacific coast
with direct and explicit information upon this
subject; I do desire to be able, when I return to
Oregon, (and I shall go through California on my
way to Oregon,) to say to the people there what
is to be the coursc of this Administration what
