THfi OONOE1SSMAL GLOBE.
March 27,
is<to &e-the result of the impending difficulties. I
do desire Whave that information within my own •
knowledge, and to be able to communicate it to
them'as coming from a reliable source, for I know
the question will be asked me.
Iam>sorry-that the resolution which was offered
by the distinguished Senator from Illinois was
tabled yesterday by'the vote of Senators on the
other-side-. I was-anxious that the information
which it called for should be clicited; but, inas-
much as that-information was not elicited) the
next best course that 1 can see is to get the inform-
'ation from the Senators, from the members who
repiesenfe-the Administration here, and for that
reason I concur with the distinguished Senator
from Ohio in the hope that the Senate will take up
this resolution and give it a fair discussion, and I
hope that Senators will remain here for that pur-
pose.
1 know that there are conflicting feelings in this
country; 1 know that there areagrcat many people
who are anxious to go down South and cultivate
that feeling of fraternal friendship and brotherly
love upon which this Union is predicated*, with
the bayonet. Now, if you can prove to me that
this feeling can be cultivated with the bayonet,
then I am willing to resort to the bayonet; but
until you do prove that, 1 shall be constrained to
differ from it. I do not believe I can make a man
love me any better by thrusting a bayonetinto his
stomach. [Laughter.] There is " an irrepress-
ible conflict" going on between the sections of the
country, and there is " an irrepressible conflict"
going on in the North. There is a conflict be-
tween the opinions of the men who arc anxious
to involve tne country in war and the men who
are anxious to maintain peace. There is a class
of people in this country who desire to involve
the country in-war, and I may be permitted to
say thatagood many of them reside in theNorth,
and they are people who are invincible in pcacc
and invisible in war. [Laughter.]
The people of the Pacific coast are anxious to
have some information upon this subject, and that
is the only reason why 1 advocate taking up the
resolution. On the Pacific coast we have lived for
a great many years, surrounded by constant
alarms. For nearly a fifth of a century, during
the time I have resided there, we have lived, 1
say, in the midst of constant alarms. We have
been surrounded by savages, and compelled to
defend ourselves against them; and whatever may
be the result of the present controversy, 1 appre-
hend that our people will not be called upon to
participate in any general war which may result
from the impending difficulties; but we shall not
be restrained from a participation in those diffi-
culties by any horror of bloodshed. We are ac-
customed to look upon blood with composure.
We have lived, moved, and had our being almost
by our rifles. We defended the country before
the laws of the United States were extended over
it, by our rifles. Wo held it there for these Uni-
ted States; we held it for the General Government;
and since the laws of the United States have been
extended over us, since we have had a Govern-
ment there predicated upon the authority of the
United States, we have been compelled to defend
ourselves. I say we shall not shrink from these
responsibilities on account of any dread or appre-
hension that may result from the apprehension of
sudden death, which inevitably takes place in war.
Wo do not dread it on that account; but we do
dread it on higher considerations. Of the con-
stituency which I represent upon this floor—the
people of Oregon—at least one third are from the
slaveholding States of this Union. Their fathers,
their mothers, their brothers, their sisters, their
children, and their kindred, reside in the slave-
holding States to-day, particularly in the States
of Missouri, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Arkan-
sas, and many in Virginia; and those people, when
I return to them, constantly feeling an anxiety
about their kindred who reside here, will propose
the question to me: " Whatis to be done?" They
will want to know whether they are to be called
upon to take arms in defense of the Union, or upon
what hypothesis theyareto takeuparms; whether
they are to be compelled to meet their brethren m
the field or not. I have kindred myself who reside
in those States; and I, as an individual, am anxious
to know, and my constituents are sail more anx-
ious to know; and for these considerations I shall
vote to take up the resolution, without indicating
what my vote'may be upon its passage hereafter.
I am anxious to take it up, so as to give the dis-
tinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] an
opportunity to indicate what his feelings are, and
I shall take his feelings very much as the feelings
of the Administration.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope not.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the vote on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky. Just let us call the roll. I ask th^.
Senator from New Hampshire to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. CLARK. No; I will not withdraw it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suppose this may
be considered a sort of test.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to vote understand-
ing^ on this matter. I am willing, if the vote
can be taken without any further debate upon the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky, to
vote in the negative on the motion the Senator
from New Hampshire; but if the debate is to go
on, I shall vote in the affirmative. If there is an
understanding that the vote shall be taken at once,
without further debate, I am opposed to going
into executive session now; otherwise, 1 am in
favor of it, for I have no idea of staying here a
week.
Mr. DIXON. 1 wish to be heard on this ques-
tion. 1 give notice that if it is taken up, I wish
to be heard upon it, and I shall deem it my duty
to address the Senate on the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. So shall I.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Clark's motion, resulted—yeas 19,nays 10;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamor, Cowan,
Dixon. Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Howe, John-
son, Kin?, Lane, Morrill, Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyck,
ami Wihuot—19.
NAYS—Mos^n. Rrpoklnrirtge, Bright, Clingman, Doug-
las, Mitchel, Ne^muh, Polk, PowelljTnnnbull, and Wade
—10.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not a
quorum voting.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Vermont
will allow mo, I wish to have a message printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. We cannot do any business
without a quorum.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question !
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. To what time do we ad-
journ ?
Several Senators. Eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Other Senators. No; one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstands that there is no rule now fixing the hour
at which the Senate shall reassemble.
Mr. KING. One o'clock is time enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourns, it be to one o'clock
to-morrow. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to amend by sub-
stituting eleven o'clock. Let us come herein the
morning, and get through.
Mr. BRIGHT. The motion is to adjourn until
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is, that, when the the Senate ad journs, it be to to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. Was there not a motion to ad-
journ preceding that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was;
but the Chair was unable to announce any hour
to which the Senate would adjourn, at least with-
out inquiry; and he ascertained that there was no
hour fixed. The Chair could not pronounce the
Senate adjourned to any hour.
Mr. FOOT. By a standing order of the Sen-
ate, until otherwise directed, the hour fixed for
our daily meeting was one o'clock. Yesterday a
special motion was made that, when the Senate
then adjourned, it should be to to-day at eleven
o'clock. It was no change of the general rule,
except for to-day; so that if the Senate now ad-
journs simply on a general motion to adjourn, it
is to one o'clock, that being the standing order.
[" That is right."]
Mr. BRIGHT. Let us have the question on
the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the motion to adjourn, and it was not agreed
to—ayes 12, noes 20.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. KING. That is not in order without a
quorum.
Mr. WADE. There is a quorum. Two have
come in since the count.
Mr. KING. The last vote was thirty-two.
Mr. COLLAMER. We wanted five of a quo-
rum on the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators in
favor of the motion 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I submit that the mo-
tion is not in order, because the last vote disclosed
the want of a quorum. I shall insist upon a vote
on the resolution which I had the honor to offer,
as far as I can do so in accordance with parlia-
mentary rules. The motion to go into executive
session is a motion to avoid a vote on that reso-
lution. The last vote showed the absence of a
quorum, and I submit that it is not in order now
to move to go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ The Choir
would not have entertained the motion but for the
suggestion that two Senators had come in since
the vote was announced.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Let the presence of
a quorum be determined by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER counted thenum-
ber of Senators, and announced that there were
but thirty-one present.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot, Foster, Howe, Johnson, King, and Simmons—10.
NAYS—Mossis. Anthonv, Brcektnridge, Bright, Clian-
dloi ,Clui!c, Chn<zman, Douglas. Ilale, Iiarlan, Lane. Mitch-
el, Morrill, Nosnnth, Nicholson. Polk, Fowell, Rice, Sher-
man, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
mot—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn; no quorum
voting.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of
those Senators who may be jn the city who are
absent from the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I second that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied, from my
experience here, that that motion would be sim-
ply to keep those of us who are present here,
without accomplishing anything. I think we had
better adjourn over until to-morrow. I have no
doubt there will be a quorum of the Senate pres-
ent to-morrow. Several Senators who were here
to-day are now out. If we stay here for an hour
or two, for the Sergeant-at-Arms to go and hunt
them up, some who are now here will leave. I
have never seen any practical good result from a
motion of this kind.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me,
we only lack one or two of a quorum; and we
could find them somewhere about the building,
possibly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the officers have
been searching for absentees in the building. I
think we had better adjourn until to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. I agree with the suggestion
made by the Senator from Illinois. I have voted
against an adjournment heretofore, but I shall
vote for it now. If we undertake to send for ab-
sent Senators, it will keep us here without doing
anything.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to my friends
on the right and left, that if we adjourn till to-
morrow, in all human probability we shall not
have a quorum; and I do not think we ought to
have one. If gentlemen have gone off and left us
in this way, and thus necessitated Senators to
stay here another day—I am not disposed to cen-
sure any gentleman who has thus left us without
a quorum 
Mr. RICE. You never did.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I never did. I think if
we will agree to take a recess until five or six
