1861.
THE COJSTGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
5ST-
to this bill; but I do .not want to introduce a new
principle here. If it is by the law of nations, or
by public law, the duty of the Government to
protect the private property of its minister, I am
willing to go to that extent in this case. I under-
stand the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations not to affirm that to be the case. But,
sir, it will lead to another thing. Is not the Gov-
ernment bound to protect all its citizens, just ex-
actly as much as it is bound to protect its public
ministers and their property ? There were min-
isters of the Gospel there. This was a minister
plenipotentiary. Can there be a discrimination
made between ministers plenipotentiary and min-
isters of the'Gospel, between ministers of State
and ministers of religion? If this sum is due this
gentleman now, according to the practice of the
Government, I am willing to pay it; but if it is
not, 1 am not willing. I do not want anew prin-
ciple in tins Government nor an invidious distinc-
tion introduced.
I will state further: I remember that within a
year or two—I do not kfiow but it was a year
ago—a very keen and very interesting discussion
occurred here between the venerable Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] and a Senator from
Georgia, not now on the floor, [Mr. Toombs,] m
relation to this subject of exchanges. I do not
remember what the tacts elicited at that time were;
but I know there was a good deal of discussion
as to what the duty of Government to its foreign
ministers was in relation to this very question of
exchange; whethei they were obliged to meet all
that loss, or whether a portion or any part of it
should fall upon the minister; and whether that
was taken into consideration in paying him his
salary. The venerable Senator from Rhode Island
—of course I give way when he gets up, and shall
be glad to hear him on the subject.
Ml". SIMMONS. I was paying no attention
to this subject; but I will state that there was a
report made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Guthrie, some five oi six years ago, making
bitter complaints in relation to this enormous
charge for exchanges; and, when on another sub-
ject at one time, I ventured to allude to the ex-
change paid to ministers, and consuls at China,
which was about two fifths. They could invest
their money at three dollars for the pound ster-
ling, and I suppose do so to-day. Trie last time
I saw a quotation, it was at six and seven That
was within a penny of what it was then. I never
believed tliey were entitled to it; but there was a
Senator sitting near me then who had a particular
friend in China, and whose salary, I understood
afterwards, was promised to be raised, but the^
did not raise it, and he concluded lo hold 011 to
this exchange to make the salary good. That is
all, as far as that subject went.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
Rhode Island says he was not in his place, and
does not know exactly the position in which the
question of exchange has presented itself; and if
I may be allowed a moment or two, 1 will state
it to him. This is a bill to remunerate the min-
ister at Nicaragua for exchange on London. He
was paid some $14,000 in drafts, and I think the
bill proposes to pay him between two and three
thousand dollars for exchange.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. HALE. Two thousand nine hundred
dollars—$3,000 exchange on §14,000 of drafts on
London.
Mr. SIMMONS. Did he draw the drafts for
his pay on London? That is very strange, that
he should go to London to get his pay, when he
was so much nearer home. I would not pay it—
that is all I can say. .
Mr. GREEN. There is no one single pnnci- |
pie of international law more firmly and cxpli-
citly fixed and understood than this: that the j
domicile of the minister constitutes by relation a ;
part of the domain of the nation from which he j
hails. It necessarily results that there is an im- 1
munity; and the mere fact that there is a flag-staff,
and a flag, with the stars and stripes floating from
it, makes it a part of the United States; and it is
as much the duty of the United States to protect
the property thus situated as if it were in the city i
of Washington.
Mr. HALE. But they would not pay for it if j
the public enemy destroyed it.
Mr. GREEN. They would pay for it. I
Mr. HALE. I take issue there.
Mr. GREEN. They would pay forthat. What
respect will be shown to any of your foreign min-
isters if, by revolutionary action, or governmental
action, you permit their -houses to be pillaged at
pleasure? What sort of a Government will we
be, and what sort of representatives can we have,
subject to be imposed upon, insulted, and pil-
laged at the pleasure of any Government? If
that Government receives your minister, that Gov-
ernment receives your minister under the guaran-
tees of international law, and the minister's house
is to be sacred. If the Government does wrong,
our Government musthold it to a proper account-
ability and responsibility; and if it fails to do it,
it must still protect the minister, and make good
what it failed to exact from the other Government.
On the other point about this exchange: that
has been settled. The Attorney General gave an
opinion upon that not long since; and the Gov-
ernment has been acting upon it all the time.
When a minister goes abroad, the instructions
generally say to him, " You may draw on the Sec-
retary of State for your quarter's salary, or you
may draw on London," or some place where the
Secretary of State has made arrangements to meet
these drafts. If you get a premium, you have to
pay it into the Treasury; if you sustain a loss,
the Treasury is to make it up to you. This is the
uniform practice of the Government; and if you
will go to the accounts of Mr. Robert C. Schenck,
from Brazil, you will find that he sustained a heavy
discount, anil that the Government made it up to
him.
Mr. HALE. And a great deal more besides.
Mr. GREEN. That was on a different account;
for a new mission up the Paraguay. 1 understand
that. It depends upon the instructions of the
Secretary of State as to the point where a minis-
ter draws; but wherever he sustains a loss the
Government always makes it up. If he gets a
oremium, the Government always deducts that
premium. It is equitable, it is fair, and it is just.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Piesident, I am obliged t'o
the Senator from Missouri for the information lie
gives me; but I am not convinced. I do not un-
derstand the principle of public law to be what
he states it to be. He says that the flag protects
the minister's house just as much as if it was in
the city of Washington. I am not going to con-
trovert that; but 1 deny utterly the other posi-
tion: that the Government is bound to protect the
property of its citizens in the city of Washington
or anywhere else, when it is destroyed by a pub-
lic enemy. The only principle that this Govern-
ment has ever acted 011 upon that point since I
have been a member of this body is this: that
where property is destroyed because of, or 011
account of, its use by the forces of the country,
then it shall be paid for. For instance: if the
army goes and takes possession of a man's dweil-
ing-house, and soldiers are quartered in it, or mu-
nitions of war are deposited there, and in conse-
quence of such occupation of it the enemy destroy
it, then the Government pays for it. That is
just as far as they ever have gone; and I think
that the citizens of northwestern New York who
lived at Buffalo, and a great many other places on
the northwestern frontier, during the last war with
Great Britain, know very well that that is the
extent to which the Government has gone.
Mr, GREEN. Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. Was this a public enemy of the
United States? Was it at war with the United
States? Was Nicaragua at war with the United
States ? I ask further if the city of Baltimore tears
down the house of Mr. Reverdy Johnson, is not
that corporation bound to pay for it, and has it
not done it?
Mr. HALE. I will tell you. If the Legisla-
ture of Maryland passes a law requiring them to
do it, they are bound; but if there is no such statute
as that, they are not bound. 1 tried to get Con-
gress to recognize that doctrine, by a bill which
I introduced into the Senate years ago;and 1 tried
the whole session, but could not get the Senate to
consider it. That is not a principle of national law,
it is not a principle of public law, nor of the com-
mon law, nor of any other law, except the particu-
lar local statute. Maryland has made such a law
as that, and I am glad of it; but there is no such'
principle of public law, or of any other law. ex-
cept the local laws adopted by the Legislatures of
the States. ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the .honorable Sen-,
ator allow me to refer to a precedent not unlike
this?
Mr. HALE. Certainly..
Mr. CLINGMAN. Some years ago, citizens ■
of New Orleans destroyed the property of the
Spanish consul and some other Spanish subjects
residing there. This Government made redress'
to Spain, paid for all the property destroyed.
In the case now before us, which was not very
unlike that, there was a civil war prevailing in
Nicaragua. That country was not at war -with the
United States. If Nicaragua had been at war with
the United States, the case would have been like
that which the Senator cites as having occurred
during the war with Great Britain on the Canada
side; but there was no war with Nicaragua; and
nevertheless, this injury was sustained by an
American citizen. We had good cause of com-
plaint against that Government; but having failed-,
to obtain redress from it, I think it is now our
duty to make compensation. I know it has been
done in some cases during my time in Congress.
Where we have had a claim against a foreign Gov-
ernment for an accidental or other injury to our,
citizens, and have demanded redress, we have.in
some instances paid the claims ourselves. I think,
perhaps, the case of the brig General Armstrong
was not unlike it, where we had a claim against
Portugal; and because we lost it, as was alleged,
by reason of the reference of it to the French Em-
peror, this Government was called upon and did
pay a considerable bill. [" Oh, no!"]
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ It went to the Court of
Claims,and thecourt said they hadno claim stall.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That at least illustrates
this distinction. It was there contended that, as
the Government had acted honestly and fairly,
and endeavored to get the money in that case, it
was not bound to do anything more. It had the
claim arbitrated, and the decision was against us;
and that, ic was said, released us. That was the
ground, I know, on which it was resisted by my-
self and others. There is no such state of facts
here. The case simply is, that, in the civil wars
in Nicaragua, the property of our minister was de-
stroyed by those who were in fact acting under the
authority of the Government. If Nicaragua had
been at war with the United States, and we had
been at war with her, and property had been de-
stroyed, the principle would apply which says,
that when the Government has gone to war and
done all it can to protect the citizen and failed, it
will not make redress; but nothing of the sort
occurred; there was not a war between the Uni-
ted Statesand Nicaragua; and therefore this stands
on the same footing with the case that I referred
to at New Orleans, where citizens destroyed the
property of the Spanish consul, and we made
compensation. I think this is an equitable claim.
Mr. IIALE. If the Government of Spain had
made remuneration, it would be analogous to this
case; but as it was not Spain, but this Govern-
ment, that made it on a principle of comity, feeling
bound in honor to do it, it is exactly different from
this case. If this were an appeal made by the
honorable Senator to the Government of Nica-
ragua, the case he cites would be a case in point
exactly. But, sir, I do not want to discuss the
question any longer,and I am notgoingto do so.
1 move to strike out this clause, leaving it as a
matter of future consideration, and then he can
have his exchange and everything else, so far as
I am concerned; and, if it shall turn out that this
clause can be sustained on principle and prece-
dent, I will go for it; otherwise, not. I move to
strike out that part of the bill providing for prop
erty destroyed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill being
on its passage, the Senator must move to recon-
sider the vote ordering it to a third reading, before
an amendment can be entertained.
Mr. -HALE. Then I move to reconsider the
vote ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading, for the purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. MASON. The object of the Senator, I
understand, is to strike from the bill so much as '
allows compensation for the loss of property.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAS.ON. The committee, in their report,
state in regard to the item forjoss of property:
" Tin- third item should also ho allowed; for it i« obvi-
