THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
•Arms to invite Senators to attend. I will conclude
what I have to say by moving that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it adjourn to meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock; and if tftat motion prevails, I shall then
renew the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourns, ii adjourn to meet
to-morrow at eleven .o'clock.
Mr.-BRIGHT. I was merely about to remark
that the motions -referred to by the Senator from
Illinois were made on that side of the Chamber,
notoiijthis"* We have been anxious t& get a direct
vote on the resolutions proposed by the Senators
from -Kentucky and North Carolina. Is it in order
now to move an adjournment*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn. [uOh,no!"] lam willingfor the motion
to mcetatclevcn o'clock to-morrow to be put; and
if that question can be taken, I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. HALE. I rise to another question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. HALE. My point of order is, that it is
not in order to alter the hour of adjournment by
any number less than a quorum.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SIMMONS. CannoJ we alter the hour
by unanimous consent?
Mr. HALE. You will not get mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order. It is moved that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the
.motion is withdrawn, the Chair must put it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I insist on the motion.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
adjourn; there being, on a division—ayes 11, noes
16; no quorum voting.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire, who made that objection,
to withdraw it. I think, since the Senator from
Kentucky made the remark, that he means to sit
here now for patriotic purposes instead of—I
might infer that he had others before [laughter]—
the Senator from New Hampshire will let us ad-
journ to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow. I
want to get away at three o'clock to-morrow to
go home,and if we do not meet till one I certainly
cannot do it. 1 do not see any reason why we
could not come here at eleven o'clock. I hope he
will withdraw his objection, and let us adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I cannot withdraw the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is no Constitution
about it. We can do anything by unanimous*
consent.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire what has
become of my motion to send for absent Senators ?
TheJPRESIDING OFFICER. It is pending
before the Senate as yet.
Mr, CLARK. Will the President be kind
enough to put it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
has not been put because other motions inter-
vened.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 11, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK. Does not the question now recur
on my motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Now
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] will now withdraw the
objection he has made, and allow us to fix the
hour of meeting to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
That will enable us, I have no doubt, to have a
quorum here to-morrow; and we can transact the
business before the Senate,and confirm such nom-
inations as the President may send to us. I very
much desired that we should have vote on the
resolution of my colleague. I was anxious to vote
for that resolution, and anxious to vote for the
substitute offered by the Senator from North Car-
olina. I very much desired to take the sense of
the Senate upon those resolutions; but all hope
of that has vanished. We know we cannot ob-
tain a vote upon thorn; but, by an adjournment
until eleven o'clock to-morrow, I believe in a very
few hours we could dispatch our business, and
such Senators as are compelled to leave the city
to-morrow evening can take the evening train. If
the Senator adheres to the idea that we must have
a quorum present before we can fix the hour of
meeting at eleven* I do not believe we shall have
a quorum here to-morrow at all.
Thft PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What is the motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request
members in the city now absent from their seats
to return.
Mr. POWELL. If it be in order, I mov3 that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps that will be adopted by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I raise a question of order on
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire will state his point of
order.
Mr. HALE. The point of order is, that there
is no quorum present, and therefore we cannot
alter the time of meeting.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I think thequestion
raised by the Senator from New Hampshire is
well maiie; and now, having made a persistent
and honest effort to meet the views of gentlemen
of the Republican party and to give them an op-
portunity to make all their nominations, having
fully discharged my duty and my conscience upon
this whole subject, 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ sine die.
Mr. SIMMONS. Can we do that without a
quorum ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Oh, yes.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I do not think it is competent for the Sen-
ate to do anything more than to adjourn from day
to day with less than a quorum. I do not think
less than a quorum can get together and dissolve
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. We did last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would require a quo-
rum, I apprehend, to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the same opinion; but the vote on the motion
may determine that a quorum is present.
Mr. BAYARD. You cannot tell whether there
is a quorutji until you have a vote upon it. If
there appears to be noquorum, I admit we cannot
adjourn sine die. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Give us the vote, and
that will settle the question.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That motion does
not take precedence of the one I made.
Mr. SIMMONS. Oh, yes; it does.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I submit to the Chair
whether that motion takes precedence of my mo-
tion to adjourn si«e die.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the impres-
sion of the Chair, it do*B. The motion to adjourn
without qualification takes precedence of any
motion whatever.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Of course, I shall
make 110 issue with the Chair, but itoccurs to me
it does not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there beins;, on
a division—ayes 9, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Now, let the roll be
called on the motion to adjourn sine die.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to adjourn sine die.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. EfRECKINRIDGE. That motion is not
in order. Wehavejustthis moment voted upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact has just been
disclosed that there is no quorum; and until it is
ascertained that there is a quorum, I raise the
point of order that it is not competent for any per-
son to move to adjourn sine die} any more than it
would be to introduce a bill oi- any other project.
It cannot be considered until it is ascertained that
there is a quotum present, and the last vote taken
shows there is none. Now, all we can do, until
a quorum is ascertained, is to send for absent mem-
bers, or move to adjourn. We can transact no
business. You cannot receive this motion to ad-
journ sine die, and call for the yeas and nays upon
it, until you have determined that a quorum is
present.
Mr. KING. The Constitution prescribes that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the point of order is well taken,
and that the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I admit that, during
the last four years, I have instructed Senators so
thoroughly, that really they are getting to thwart
me in all my propositions. [Laughter.] Itistrue,
the Senator's point of order is well taken; but if
nobody had raised it, we might have adjourned
sine die. *
Mr. CLARK. What has become of my mo-
tion? I should like to get the Sergeant-at-Arms
off after the absent Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the motion at the first opportunity he has. It
is moved that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to request Senators now absent from the Cham-
ber, and who are in the city, to return to their
sears.
Mr. HALE. I rose, a moment ago, for the
purpose of appealing from the decision of the
Chair, but I was not recognized, as so many got
up; but I do appeal from the decision of the Chair,
that a less number than a quorum cannot adjourn
sine die, and I want to state the reasons why I
appeal. If that be so, the condition to which we
arc reduced is this: a number of gentlemen, now
out, may stay out, and we have got no power to
adjourn, but we must sit here to the end of time;
we cannot adjourn the body. Now, sir, I wish
to state—my recollection is not very distinct upon
it, but I have a very strong impression—that this
question was raised two years ago, the honorable
Senatorfrom Kentucky then being the Presiding
Officer; and. the necessity of the case was such,
in that instance, that we sent out and got a quo-
rum, a bare quorum, to dispose of a few nomina-
tions; and, before the time came for the adjourn-
ment, that quorum had left us; and we were here,
and we should have been under the necessity of
staying here the whole year round, if this doctrine
had prevailed; but, from the very necessity of the
case, belonging to every deliberative assembly,
to dissolve their meetings when they are inca-
pacitated for doing business, it was ruled at that
time—if the Senatorfrom Kentucky was looking
at me, I would say tu duct, under his doctrine—
that we could adjourn. It strikes me, with all
deference to the good sense and parliamentary
knowledge and experience of the Chair, that com-
mon sense must dictate that every body must
have the power of dissolving themselves when
they have been permanently reduced below a quo-
rum. If that be not so, the absence of these gen-
tlemen, who have, in violation of yowr rules, left
the Chamber, compels you to sit here intermin-
ably. This is all I have to say on that subject.
I tlnnk the Chair is mistaken upon it, and that
the practice has been the other way.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I do not know
anything about the rules on this subject 
Mr. CLARK. I lise to inquire whether my
motion is not in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has taken an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, which the
Chair will put previous to any other motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was about to say some-
thing upon that appeal; but my friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] is so very anxious to
gctthe Sergeant-at-Arms at work, that I was will-
ing to give way.
Mr. CLARK. I am obliged to be anxious or
I shall not g-et him out.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hold that the Senate can-
not end its session until it has made the prelim-
inary motions, and sent to the President in the
ordinary way. Until that is done, a minority
cannot adjourn sine die; but when the Senate have
attended to that business, if there are but one or
two remaining, they may ad journ. I have known
the Senate to adjourn with two Senators present;
but, until the preliminary business is done, it is
not in order to make this motion.
Mr. HALE. Of that the Senate must judge.
If they have disposed of the necessary prelimin-
