1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isii
ary business, the Senator from Rhode Island ad-
mits they may do it. Who is to judge whether
they have done what is necessary to be done? We
ourselves; nobody else could judge of it for u*.
The very fact that the motion is made, enter-
tained, and passed, is the deliberate judgment of
the Senate that they have done all the work that
is nccessary. I do not take this appeal in any
factious spirit; I have the utmost respect for the
decision of the Chair; but it strikes me to result
in an utter absurdity to say that less than a ma-
jority cannot ad journ sine die, and thus put twen-
ty-nine men at the mercy of five.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I must raise a
question of order on the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that, there being less than a quorum pres-
ent, we cannot decide the question on the appeal.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot doubt that less than
a majority of a quorum cannot determine the final
adjournment of the Senate under the Constitu-
tion. If there is any meaning in the language of
the Constitution, the power does not exist to
adjourn but from day to day, coupled with the
power of sending for absent members, whether
they be in this city or elsewhere. That is the
remedy, and the only remedy. You must have a
quorum, unless you have passed a previous res-
olution, by a majority of a quorum, that the Sen-
ate will adjourn sine die at such an hour or at such
a time. Of course that bccomes imperative sub-
sequently, and two persons may adjourn the body
at that time; but the adjournment then becomes
an ad journment sine die. by virtue of the order of
the Senate; but where is the power to end its ses-
sion, the Senate being a continuous body, unless
it is done by the act of a majority of a quorum,
any more than to pass a bill? Look at the lan-
guage of the Constitution. I do not think, when
you come to read it, that it can be doubted that
the intent of the Constitution is that a nunoiity—
that is, a number less than a quorum—can only
adjourn de die in diem; and, in order to enable
them to act otherwise, or to adjourn sine die, the
power is given them to send for absent members.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. For the information
of the Senate, I will read the provision of the Con-
stitution upon this subject:
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, return®,
ami qualifications! of its own member, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business ; but a smaller
number may adjouin fiom day to day, and may be author-
ized to compel the attendance of absent members, m such
manner and under such penalties as each Ilou^e may pie-
beiibe."
That is the language of the Constitution. Since
it is a grave constitutional question, I decline to
express any opinion of my own on the subject;
and if I might venture to advise the Chair, I
would suggest that, in accordance with the usage
which has prevailed here, upon a question of that
sort being raised by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, it would be very well for the Chair to remit
it to the decision of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair had
decided, on the announcement of the vote on the
question of adjournment, there being no quorum
present, that amotion to adjourn sine die could not
be received as in order, the Chair being of the
opinion that less than a quorum were not compc- j
tent to adjourn the Senate sine die. From thatde- j
cision the Senator from New Hampshire appeals; |
and the question is, "Shall the decision of the i
Chan* stand as the judgment of the Senate?" j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that I raise a question |
of order. There being less than a quorum pres- i
ent, we cannot do any business; and that is a part !
of our business—deciding what shall be the rules j
of order in the Senate. We can do nothing but j
move to adjourn or move to send for absent mem- ;
bers. That is all the power we have under the ,
Constitution.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the Senate |
adjourn. j
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on !
a division—ayes 13, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK. Now, Mr. President, I desiie :
to know if my motion to send the Sergeant-at- ;
Arms after the absent Senators is not in order' '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There isaques- :
tion already pending; and that is the appeal from [
the decision of the Chair. j
Mr. CLARK. I understood there was a point j
of order raised on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair I
overrules that point of order, and decides that an ;
appeal from the decision of the Chair may betaken
when less than a quorum is present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As it requires a quorum to
decide that question, I suppose the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire takes priority, in
order to bring the Senators here, so that we may
decide the question. The very object is to bring
them in to have a quorum to decide that ques-
tion.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As some proceedings
have taken place since the vote which disclosed
the want of a quorum, and as it may be very pos-
sible that there is a quorum now in the Chamber,
and it will be assumed to be so, unless some ques-
tion be raised, by way of solving this matter, if
it is really the purpose of the Senate to do anymore
business, and enable those who must leave to-
morrow afternoon to be here and take part in the
public business, if Senators will make no objec-
tion now, the motion I propose to make will solve
the matter. I move that the Seriate take a recess
until to-morrow, at eleven o'clock.
Mr HALE. That would be an excess.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to take a
recess until to-morrow at eleven o'clock. That
will give two or three hours to-morrow for the
transaction of the public business. If no Senator
will raise a question about a quorum, we can
come here to-morrow and transact whatever pub-
lic business there may be.
Mr. RICE. Since I have had the honor of a
seat in this body, I have been present every day.
I consider the rules of the Senate to be a part of
the Constitution, because the Constitution gives
to the Senate the right to presciibe its own rules.
Time and time again have I seen Senators here
move adjournments, and go around quietly to
break up a quorum, for the purpose of going to get
their dinners. 1 have always been here to vote;
I always shall be, so long as my health will per-
mit. Now, I am opposed to all this trickery; it
is nothing else. Wc'have sworn to support the
Constitution; and in taking that oath, we have by
implication sworn to support the rules of the
Senate; and so long as I occupy a seat here, I
will remain and vote against an adjournment
when there is any business to be done; and if
Senators will take the responsibility of absenting
themselves lor the purpose of getting their din-
ners or any other purpose, I care not what, so
long as my vote will go to compel them to meet
here and attend to their business, it shall be
given.
Now, why tak« a recess until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock? Is there not business for us to
dor If S"). lot us sr.iy here like men, and do it.
I object to this enure system of breaking up a
quorum, so as to dodge'any question that maybe
brought before us. I am going to stay here to
meet it; and I will stay here if I am alone, and
vote whenever my name is called. The first duty
that I owe as a Senator is to be in my seat; the
next is to vote when my name is called. If others I
see fit to absent themselves, for any reason, I care
not what, I consider them derelict in their duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I desire to raise a question of
order on this motion. This is, substantially, an
adjournment.
Mr. RICE. Nothing else.
Mr. HALE. It is nothing but an adjournment;
and I raise the question of order that the hour of |
meeting fixed by the standing resolution of the
Senate cannot be altered by simply calling it a !
recess, instead of an ad journment. j
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate do now i
adjourn. j
Mr.BRECKINRIDGE. Thatistooneo'clock. :
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a !
division.ayes21, noes 6; and the Senate adjourned ,
until to-morrow at one o'clock. j
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 23, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only be
done by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection.
Several messages were received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Mr. Nicolat, his
Secretary.
ENFORCEMENT OF THE LAWS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the folio wing ^res-
olution:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, the, true
way to preserve the Union is to enforce the Jaws of the
Union; that resistance to their enforcement, whether tin-
der the name of anti-coercion or any other name, is encour-
agement to disunion; and that it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to use all the means in his power to hold and protect
die public property of the United States, and enforce the
laws thereof, us well in the States of South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas,
as within the other States of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the resolution. I should be glad to have
a vote taken on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we were unable to
obtain a vote yesterday on the propositions then
pending, I have offered this resolution as express-
ive of the views which I entertain as to the duty
of the Government. I desire that the resolution
maybe printed, and I should be very glad, in-
deed, if we could have a vote on it.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is no objection on this
side; I suppose we are all ready to vote on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion can be considered only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BRIGHT and Mr. BRECKINRIDGE.
There is no objection on this side.
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. KING. What
is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that it be printed.
There will be no objection to that, I presume.
[" Oh, no."]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays on its adoption.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On agreeing to
the resolution, the yeas and nays are asked.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will first put the question upon the demand for
the yeas and nays, before entertaining the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordeied on the reso-
lution.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration ofexecutive business.
Mr. BRIGHT. We should like to vote on this
resolution; it will take but a moment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Let me ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he heard the resolu-
tion read which was offered by the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. SUMNER. I did not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Perhaps the Senator
would not object to a vote on it if he knew what
it was.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts insist on his motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I persist in the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion that the Senate now proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to say that I shall vote
against going into executive session, for the rea-
son that I wish to vote on the resolution offered
by the Senator from Illinois. I wish to vote
against it without debate. 1 am prepared to vote
upon it, as I presume every gentleman on this
side of the Chamber is.
Mr. HALE. It is very much against my wish
that I say a word here now. I have stood all the
debates that were lmd on the introduction of the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] and refrained entirely from say-
ing a word; but at this time I mustbe permitted,
if til is resolution is insisted upon 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator forgets that he
read a written speech on my resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Out of the Bible.
Mr. HALE. I find the Senator from Illinois
remembeis that reproof better than anything else
that occurred. [Laughter.] I was going to say,
that whilst we are here, and while 1 am a mem-
ber of the Senate, I am ready to give to the Pres-
ident just exactly that advice which belongs to
the position that my constituents have assigned
