1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
, JVIr. BINGHAM. I want to say a word or'
two about "this resolution before it passes. The
Republican party, Mr. President, have just come
into power *-
Mr. HALE. Hardly.
Mr.BINGHAM. Hardly, my friend says,and
it is true. One of the questions for us to determ-
ine is, whether we are to imitate all the abuses of
the old Administration that we have denounced,
just as we are-coming into power, or whether we
are to strive to be an honest Administration, as
we pledged the country we would be. This is
just one'scheme of plunder, this is just a job for
Gales & Seaton 
Mr. DIXON. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. BINGHAM. \jVhat is the point of order?
Mr. DIXON. I object to the language that the
Senator uses—that this is a scheme of plunder.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir 
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. KING. Let us have
the point of order settled?
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The Chair
did not understand that the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Michigan have any personal application,
and therefore are not out of order, according to
the general course of debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am much obliged to the
Chair. I do not think it was any too strong lan-
guage-, but I will use another expression that I
think everybody will understand—that it is a job
to bestow a bounty on these old pensioners of the
Government. We Republicans have denounced
this kind of jobs. Notes have been sent around
to Senators here from yesterday to to-day. This
question was up yesterday, and the proposition
was defeated by a small vote. Since then, notes
have been addressed to Senators stating that un-
less this resolution were passed, and this job of
about six or seven thousand dollars bestowed on
Gales & Seaton, the newspaper which they have
been publishing would go down. That is exactly
what my friend from New York [Mr. King] got
up a committee last year, to prove that the Ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan had been doing—
bestowing jobs to keep up rotten newspapers!
Now, sir, 1 undertake to say that a newspaper
which cannot stand upon the public support—a
newspaper which is not in itself self-reliant—does
not deserve and ought not to receive the support,
of Congress by having money out of the Treasury
to keep it going. I do not care anything about
Gales & Seaton's paper one way or the other;
but if the public do not choose to support it, it is
an evidence with me that it is not worth sup-
porting.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to refresh the
minds of my Republican friends here, who passed
such strong resolutions against the corruptions of
the last Administration, with some of the evidence
that was reported by my friend from New York,
[Mr. King,] in reference to what Mr. Buchanan's
administration did, and to ask them the question,
whether they are willing to be the copyists of that
Administration, and to bestow bounties uponpen-
sioners; because, if wo begin now with paying six
or seven thousand dollars to Gales & Seaton, next
year we shall have to cai ry it out, and so on every
year for the four years of this Administration.
Their newspaper will go down next year if you
do not give them another job. I want to say that
this is an exactly parallel case with that which the
Senator from New York, in his report, denounced
the late Administration for doing—for bestowing
bounties on the Constitution newspaper here, and
upon the Pennsylvanian newspaper and the Argus
in Philadelphia. I have sent for the testimony
taken by his committee to read to the Senate, and
I have also got the Covode report hero to show
how we denounced the late Administration for
their corruptions. Surely, we ought not to begin
the practice of those corruptions when we our-
selves get into power.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator propose to
read those reports?
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose reading both these
reports as part of my speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not propose to be in
any sort of a hurry.
Mr. POLE. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will have no objection to my interjecting
here a word or two of personal explanation. I
feel called upon to do so from a remark the Sen-
ator just now made, because that remark might bo
supposed to apply to myself. 1 am one of those
who voted yesterday against this resolution. I
did so because, like the Senator, I feared it might
inure to the benefit of these gentlemen in the shape,
perhaps, of a job; but, in thinking the matter over,
the question came up to my mind, whether my
aversion to that ought to be sufficient to induce
me to overcome what I believed would be an im-
portant convenience to Senators, and I concluded
to change my vote; but I wish to say now that I
have received no such notice as the Senator re-
ferred to, from these gentlemen or any person
else. I did not know such notes had been sent.
I will state, also, that I had some reluctance to-
wards their paper especially, because we have
never agreed in politics, but have always stood at
opposite ends of the line, and I do not think it
likely that we over shall agree. I wish, therefore,
to say to the Senate that I have received no such
notes and no such intimations from anybody at
all; and in changing my position on this subject,
I have done so because 1 felt that while the pos-
sibility of their getting a job out of this (if that is
the proper language to be applied to it) was, on
the one hand, operating on me to induce me to
vote against it, on the other hand a stronger in-
fluence, on mature consideration, operated upon
me to vote for if, which was, that I believed it
would add to the convenience of the Senate and
of myself especially. I expect after a while to
purchase on private account for myself these very
hooks, as soon as I can get them together. Ill
the mean time, I think it would be very conve-
nient for the Senate to have them in its library.
Mr. BINGHAM. There are plenty of them
in the library now; but if there are not, the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York proposes to
have them for nothing, by just transferring them
from the Interior Department over here. That
is not what was desired; and therefore the Sen-
ator from Connecticut proposes to amend the res-
olution, and get the books paid for by some hook
or crook. Getting the books for nothing is not
what the friends of this resolution want; it would
be no object to Gales & Seaton to get them into
our library from the Interior Department, where
they have been rotting for years and years. It
is the money out of the Treasury, for Gales &
Seoton, that is wanted.
My friend from Missouri I regard, although
wo differ in politics, as a very upright and honest
man. I know he has refused to vote jobs of this
kind out of the Treasury, and I regretted to hear
him say that ho was going to change his vote in
this case. He makes an excuse that these books
will be convenient for the library. If thatis what
is wanted, let the books be brought lieie from
the Interior Department, where seven hundred
copies of them have been rotting for years.
Mr. POLK, I voted for that amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know; but thatis notthe
proposition now.
Mr. POLK. I shall not vote for the amend-
ment now proposed.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senatorfrom Michi-
gan will allow the vote to be taken. If it is so
clear a case as ho supposes, let us have the
vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to enlighten my
Republican friends before they vote, for what they
denounced last year.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senatorfrom Michi-
gan will allow the resolution to be read, I think
his ob jection will be removed, if he hears the lan-
guage of the proviso; for it declares that, if those
books are in the possession of the Interior De-
partment, tliey are not to be bought.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, sir, I know what will
be said; 1 understand it. The Senatorfrom Con-
necticut told me yesterday that there are broken
sets in the Department, and all that; that people
have gone and taken them away; they have been
gnawed by the rats. The books are lying there
rotting. So the Senatorfrom Ohio said to mo yes-
terday privately. There have been over seven
hundred volumes, in a perfectly rotten condition,
lying in the Interior Department for years and
ytciis, and the Senate and House of Representa-
tives voted to give away two separate sets to each
congressional district.
Now the publishers want more money. That
is it. They are short of money. Their news-
paper is going down. The Senator from Missouri
says that newspaper does not agree with him in
politics, and he does not care about it. I should
like to'know whom it does agree with in politics.
[Laughter.] I should like to have somebody ex-
plain to me whom that newspaper does agree with
in politics. I understand it has not got any pol-
itics; and that is one reason why the public will
notsupportit. It is notentitlcd to public support.
That newspaper is of no sort of consequenee,and
may as well die as live. Newspapers that have
any brains in them; newspapers that have any
sense; newspapers that discuss live questions of
the day, can live and be supported by the public,
without making applications here year after year
to be sustained by the Treasury of the United
States. But this newspaper cannot live. Thatis
the secret of the thing. This newspaper has got
to have a bonus from the Government; we are to
give its proprietors a job to support them, orelse
they are to go down. That is the character of
the notes which have been sent to Senators this
morning.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to say that, if that is the
case, I am wholly ignorant of it. No such note
has been sent to me; and I doubt, somewhat,
whether the Senator is correctly informed on this
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am correctly informed.
Mr. DIXON. At any rate, I have received
nothing of the sort.
Mr. BINGHAM. I presume not. The Sen-
ator is enlisted strongly enough in its favor. The
notes were addressed to doubtful men. It has
been understood that the Senator from Connec-
ticut has been anxious, for several weeks, to get
this thing through, as a job for Gales & Seaton.
I do not wish to attribute any improper motives
to the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word 5
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator says that I have
been anxious, for several weeks, to get this
through as a job for Gales & Seaton. Now, I
will state that the first I ever heard of this resolu-
tion was when it was presented before the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses, of which I have
the honor to bo chairman; that I took it up be-
fore that committee in connection with the other
members, and that the committee, acting in good
faith, after an examination of two days, reported
it. That is my connection with it. I did not
present it. I acted in good faith, for I believed,
as I now believe, that the books are required.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut to understand distinctly
that I impute no bad faith to him. I know him
to be an honorable man and to be acting from
good motives; but I cannot approve of the motive
which desires to get an appropriation of public
money simply to benefit Gales & Seaton, as op-
posed to taking the books for nothing. I pro-
pose, if the books are of any sort of value to this
library, to transfer them from where they have
been lying and rotting and the rats have been eat-
ing them for years and years, to a library where
they would be very likely to rot if they were not
well preserved.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator give way a
moment ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. The Senator said he was going
to read some of those reports. 1 want to hear
them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was simply making an
introduction to them. [Laughter.] Our friends
here, upon this side, when we were in a minority,
and when Mr. Buchanan's administration was in
a majority, were pretty loud in denouncing cor-
ruption, and we made a strong point upon it be-
fore the country, and these two great books [hold-
ing up the Covode report, and the report of the
Senate committee of which Mr. Kimc was chair-
man] were the results of the investigating com-
mittees, which were got up last year to "satisfy
the country that that was a dishonest Adminis-
tration and ought to be displaced, and that a bet-
ter and purer and honester Administration should
be put in its stead. Well, sir, we went before the
country with these repoits; we denounced,upon
the stump and everywhere, the conduct of the
last Administration in its management of the
Treasury, and we charged that they had been
givingjobs to their friends, not only herein Wash-
ington, but all over the United States, until they
