562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25f
J:
with- a recommendation that it do pass, Senate
bill (No. 23) for the relief of Arnold Harris and
Samuel P. Buttervvorth; and asked that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that Arnold
Harris and Samuel F. Butterworth, sureties of
William E. Kendall, late deputy postmaster at
New Orleans, shall be released from all claims
the United States have against them, or either of
them, as such sureties; and it directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause any judgment which
may have been rendered against said parties, or
either of them, as sureties of said Kendall, to be
canceled and satisfied of record as to such sure-
ties, or either of them.
Mr. PALMER. I object to the consideration
of that bill. I understand that the Judiciary Com-
mittee had it under consideration at the last ses-
■ sion, and reported against it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will understand that this is the regular order
of business, and a single objection cannot defeat
its consideration. It makes no appropriation.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to explain
the bill in one word to the House.
Mr. PALMER. 1 understand the bill does
make an appropriation, and I ask that it shall be
read. I ask further that the report made last ses-
sion by the Judiciary Committee unanimously
against the bill be also read.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If I am entitled to
the floor, I think I can satisfy the gentleman from
New York that tlie bill should be passed.
The SPEAKER. Let the bill be read, so that
the House may understand it.
The bill was i-end. It releases Harris and
Butterworth, sureties of Kendall, from all claims
which the United States may have against them,
or either of them, as such sureties, and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause any judgment
rendered against Harris and Butterworth, or either
of them, as sureties of said Kendall, to :be can-
celed and satisfied of record.
Mr. CXtAIC, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from New York will now allow me to speak for
a moment, I will then yield the floor to him.
This bill was passed unanimously, or nearly so,
by the Senate last session. It was reported unani-
mously from the Post Office Committee at this
session. I understand that it was before the Judi-
ciary Committee at the last session, and that that
committee reported that there was no law in ex-
istence for releasing this judgment. They there-
fore, as the gentleman states, reported adversely.
The fact are these, Mr. Speaker: these parties
became the sureties of the postmaster at New Or-
leans. That postmaster was charged with embez-
zlement, was indicted, and removed from office.
After he had been removed, these parties called
at the Post Office Department, and demanded to
know the amount of their liability.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Chair. I desire simply to know
how it happens that, after this bill was properly
referred to the Judiciary Committee at the last
session, and returned with an adverse report, it
has been referred this session to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads ? I wish to
know whether that is a regular way of reaching
business of this kind ?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that it was referred,
on motion, by order of the House, to the Post
Office Committee. These parties were informed
at the Post Office Department that the defaulting
postmaster at New Orleans had made them liable
for, 1 believe, $11,000. They paid it in cash.
Afterwards, and after the defaulting postmaster
had absconded from the country, and taken up his
abode in Mexico, it was discovered at the Post
Office Department that there was a further lia-
bility of about six thousand dollars. For that
further liability these parties have been sued, and
judgment recovered against them. This bill is to
release the sureties from this judgment.
When I attempted to call up this bill the other
day, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.Thomas]
objected to it; and I believe I am authorized by
that gentleman to say that he has since investi-
gated this matter, and that he not only withdraws
objection, but believes the bill ought to pass, and
pass at once.
Mr. PALMER. I am not disposed to discuss'
the merits of the bill now; and if the gentleman
who reports the-bill will consent to have the report
which was made unanimously by the Judiciary#
Committee at the last session read, I will leave
the matter to the determination of the House.
Otherwise, I shall feel compelled to move that the
bill be rereferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will not object to
the reading .of the report
Mr. COX. Let the report that was made in
favor of it in the Senate be also read, and then
both sides of the case will have been presented.
Mr. PALMER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to make one remark.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Craig] is
entirely correct in what he says about my opin-
ion. 1 objected to this bill the other day, not be-
cause I was opposed to it, for I really did not
know any thing about the case. Being determined,'
however, to inform myself about it, 1 read not
only the reports, but the evidence, and I came to
the conclusion that the bill ought to pass. I shall
therefore vote m favor of it.
The report of the Senate Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads of last session was read, as
follows:
The Committee on the Post Office find Post Roads, to
whom was referred the memorial of Arnold Harris and
Samuel F. Buttei worth, lespectfully report:
That the committee refer to the repoit (No. 251, first
session, Thirty-Fifth Congress) upon the same memorial,
and recommend the passage of the same bill for the relief
of the memorialists which was passed by the Senate dur-
ing its last session. Thoy accordingly report a bill.
In the Senate of the United States, April 5,1858.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
whom was refeired the memorial of Arnold Harris and
Samuel F. Butterworth, respectfully leport:
That the petitioner ask relief from a penalty they have
Incurred as sureties of William G. Kendall, ldte a deputy
postmaster at New Orleans. The memorial is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
The memoiial of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. Butter-
woith respectfully showeth:
That on the l-ltii of April, A. D. 1853, they signed the offi-
cial bond of William G. Kendall, late postmaster of New
Oi leans, as his emetics in the penal sum of $'G0,000. On
the 7th May, 185."), Kendall was dismissed from the office
of postmaster at New Oilcans; was anested, chaiged with
having lobbed the mails ; was indicted, tried, anil acquitted.
After his arrest, and before his tnal, his account was stated
by the PonI Office Depaitment, showing a balance against
him, as postmaster at New Orleans, of $10,839 19. This
account was pie&ented to Kendall; he failed to pay any
part of it. JEaily in January. lH.>f>, your memoiialists weie
called upon by the Post Office Department to pay up the
sum of #10,839 19, as sureties lor Kendall. On the 7th Jan-
uary, 1&56, youi memorialist, S. F. Buttervvorth, deposited
with the United States assistant treasurer at New York the
sum of $5,00U to the eieditof thisaceount; on the 19th of
January,. 1856, he deposited, in like manner, the fuithei
sum of $1,950 ; and on the '21st January, 185fi, your memo-
rialist, Arnold Harris, deposited with the Auditor of the
Post Office Department at Washington the sum of§3,88919,
being the balance claimed by said account to bo due from
Kendall, as postmaster at New Orleans, to the United)
States. Soon alter this, Kendall was tried by a jury at
Now Orleans, and acquitted. He immediately left the
United States and went to Mexico, where he now resides.
Alter he had thus left the United States, on the 18th day
of September, 18ob, your memorialist, Samuel F. Butter-
worth, received a letter from the Auditor ot the Po t Office
Department, (see copy annexed,) infoiming him that in
making out the account against Kendall an errot had been
made, and that there was still due tiie Depaitment, from
Kendall, the sum of $5,365 47.
When the account was first stated by the Depaitment,
showing a balance against Kendall of $10,839 19, he (Ken-
dall) moisted that theie was no such amount due fiom him,
and that the claim was made merely to present him as a
defaulter, and thus prejudice his case befoie the jury. Your
memorialists, not doubting his statements, and certain of
his innocence, paid the claim without investigation as soon
as it was presented to them, and they did this to insure
Kendall a fair tual, and because they knew that all of his
available means wcie required by him to pieparc for his
defence ; but your memorialists distinctly state that if the
Department had at first claimed a balance of §16,204 66 as
due from Kendall, they certainly would not have paid that
large sum without investigation and legal resistance, unless
first indemnified by Kendall or his relatives.
By direction of the Government, suit was instituted
agam&t Kendall (whose last known place of icsidence was
in Missouri) and your memoualists, in the United States
circuit couit of Missouri, to recover this last claimed bal-
ance of $5,865 47; process was served at the late residence
of Kendall; your memorialists appeared by attorney, and
suffered judgment to be obtained against them by default.
The only explanation, or rather excuse, given by the
Post Office Depaitment for the "grave eiror'' in rendeung
the first account against Kenuall tor a sum of .-55,365 47 less
than was really dueth j Government, was the"fact that the
clerk who made out the account wa  intemperate!
Your memorialists ask the Congress of the United States
to release them from the payment of the judgment rendered
against them as above stated, and they assign as a sufficient
| reason foi such request the fact that, by the action of an
; mtempeiate cleik in the Post Offie" Department—since
| dismissed—they have been deprived of all remedy against
I Kendall, who had departed iromtheeountiv beforethelast
claim of $5,365 47 was made known to either of your me-
morialists.
A farther fact your memorialists present: Kendall?
chaiged with a high crime, was vigorously prosecuted;
extraordinarymeans were used to procure his conviction
the United States districtattorney at New Orleans was not
deemed equal to the occasion ; other distinguished counsel
was employed, who boasted that he was to receive a fee of
$5,000 from the Government in the event of Kendall's con-
viction. To meet this unjust persecution and monstrous
proceeding-on the part ©f the United- States, Kendall was-
compelled to expend large sums of money to retain the ser-
vices of Senator Benjamin and other eminent lawyers; to
procure the attendance of important witnesses, and to
conduct Iris defense to a successful issue, more than his-
life—his honor and his liberty were involved in the con--
test; not a particle of proof of guilt was produced j he was-
acquitted.
The moneys thus expended by Kendall, but for the action
of the Government, would have constituted a means of
paying any real balances due from him as postmaster. By
the oppressive action of the Government he was deprived
of these means. Under these circumstances, your memo-
rialists submit that his sureties ought not to be called on to
make good the moneys thus expended.
The above facts considered, your memorialists ask suck
relief as the Congress of the United States may deem just
and proper.
S. F. BUTTERWORTH,
ARNOLD HARRIS.*
Subsequentlyaletter from one of the petitioners, in reply
to an inquiry from the committee, was submitted, which is
as follows:
New York, March 20, 1858.
Dear Sir : A memorial from Arnold Harris and myself,
as sureties of William G. Kendall, late postmaster at New
Oileans, has been referred to the Committee on the Post
Officc and Post Roads, of which you are chairman. We
omitted to state m that memoiial anything in relation to the
capacity of Mr. Kendall, at the time of his acquital, to pay
or secure the amount claimed as due the Post Office De-
partment from him. It may be said that unless we can-
show that Mi. Kendall could have been forced to pay, we
lost nothing by his departure from the country. The fact
is, that Mr. Kendall possessed a valuable property at Biloxi,
Mississippi, (represented to be worth ovci twelve thousand,
dollars,) which property he settled upon his wife befoic he
left the country, and piocecdings are now pending in the
United States ciicuit court, in behalf of the United States,
to set aside this settlement, and to subject this property to
the satisfaction of the judgment rendered against Kendall..
Had we known of the existence ot this large claim against
us, as sureties of Kendall, befoie his departuie from the
country, wc certainly could, by the application of the sub-
Treasury I >w, have compelled Mr. Kendall to apply this
pioperty to the payment of this claim, instead of settling it
on his wife. There can be no doubt ot this. Mr. Kendall
would have exhausted his own property not only, but also
that of his relatives, rather than have suffered the penalties
of the law as a defaulter.
I am, with great respect, your obedient soivant,
SAMUEL F. BUTTFIIWORTH.
The facts alleged by the memorialists are sustained upon
inquiry.
The parties appeal to the equity of the Government to-
protect them from a loss caused by the laches of one of its
officers.
When these parties became sureties they reasonably
looked with reliance upon the guards which the laws cre-
ated against default of its officials for their protection.
Tfiey had a right to expect correct and accurate accounts
to be kept by the Government, quarterly settlements, and
such prompt resort to the vigorous and sufficient means of
enforcing payment of balances as the sub-Tieasury law pro-
vided. They had aught also to expect early and aceumte
notice of any default, that they might employ the usual
means of securing themselves tiom damages.
It appears that through the fault ot the Government, no
matter from what cause, they were deceived as to the
amount due to the Government by Mr. Kendall, and were
not apprised of a different state of the account, and of a
further balance claimed, until the principal had disposed of
his property, and left the jurisdiction of the United States.
If the Government had used the proper caie and diligence,
his departure would have been pi evented, and m all reason-
able probability the amount recovered. The Government
was the custodian of the accounts, it alone could know the
Hue state of indebtedness; the sureties could only know
thiough tin; Government. When, upon being informed by
the Government of the balance owing, they generously came
foiwaid and paid the amount from then owapuvatemeans,
they had a right to regard their obligation as uiselmiged,
and to discharge their minds from any lurthcr vigilancc in
the transactions of Mi. •Kendall. Thus, by the default of
the Government, they have suffered a damage, and although
the case is not one which would secure them immunity in
a court of law, yet it presents a fair case for tlie clemency
and consideration of the Government.
The committee think that the Government may propeily
relax its strict legal claim, and m consideration of the large
amount already voluntarily paid by these smeties, and the
injury caused to them by the laches of its own officers, re-
lease them from further liability. They accordingly report a
bill for tire relief of the petitioners.
Mr. PALMER. The report just read is one
that was made by the Post Office Committee of the
Senate. I now ask for the reading* of the report
of the Judiciary Committee of this House, made
at a subsequent date. I hope the House will give
its attention to tlie reading of the report. After
that, I shall feel it my duty to call for the yea&>
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Does this matter now come up piop-
eily before the House? Is the report presented
