1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
at this time by the Post Office Committee, or was
it made some time since?
The SPEAKER. The report is made on the
regular call to-day.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understood this matter to
have been called up some days since.
The SPEAKER. It was objected to then and
returned. It is regularly before the House.
The adverse report of the Judiciary Committee
of last session was read.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish simply to vindicate the
Post Office Committee for the report which it has
made on this subject. I desire to state in advance
that it was referred to the Post Office Committee
without my knowledge. I knew nothing of the
bill being before the committee until it was handed
to us by our clerk. I desire also to state that I
understand that both these claimants differ from
me in politics very widely indeed. But I have
never been governed in my public course by per-
sonal or political considerations, nor do I intend
to be. I therefore approached the consideration
of the bill as a matter of equity, understanding
that the Judiciary Committee reported that, as a
matter of law,, these parties were liable. There
is no question, I believe, that, as a matter of law,
they are liable; but, as a matter of equity, the
Post Office Committee recommend the passage of
of this bill. And why? The Post Office Depart-
ment instituted two suits against the postmaster
at New Orleans, for whom these parties were se-
curities, one for robbing the mails, the other for
alleged defalcation. The sureties came at once
and paid every cent which the Post Office Depart-
ment demanded. The postmaster was tried for
the crime charged upon him, and was acquitted.
All that the Post Office Department demanded
from the sureties was $10,538, and that sum the
sureties paid. The principal afterwards went to
Mexico, where he now resides—at Tehuantepec,
I believe. There was a little account for $2 38
for stamps, in regard to which there was some
little difficulty; but that was all. Subsequently,
however, the Post Office Department stated that
the clerk who made up these accounts was intem-
perate, and had made a mistake; and after the post-
master had left the country, the sureties were in-
formed that there was a further sum of five or six
thousand dollars due. Suit was entered against
them for the recovery of that sum: and on that
suit the judgment was rendered which it is now
proposed by this bill to cancel.
Now, I say that if the Government does not
employ competent officers, it ought not to make
innocent parties suffer for their incompetency.^ I
ask whether it is just for the Government, after
these sureties had paid in gold all that we de-
manded of them, and after the principal has gone
off, to come forward a year or two afterwards,
and ask them to pay an additional sum ? Itstiikes
me that it is not; and therefore I concurred m the
report of the Post Office Committee, although I
do ?iot doubt that as a legal proposition these par-
ties are, of course, liable to the Government.
Mr. PALMER. The gentleman from Indiana
says something about personal and political con-
siderations, as though he supposed such consid-
erations influenced me in my course in regard to
this bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Not at all.
Mr. PALMER. I know nothing of the per-
sonnel or the politics of the claimants in this bill,
nor do I want to know anything about them. To
me, it is enough to know that, in my judgment,
this claim is unjust and illegal. The Judiciary
Committee, the proper tribunal before which the
claim should properly come, have reported that
it is unjust and illegal.
Mr. Speaker, there are hundredsand thousands
of claims coming before the House which are, be-
yond all question, meritorious in their character,
against which no man can raise any objection what-
ever; yet they cannot obtain the ear of the House
at all; while we find this bill, surreptitiously smug-
gled from the proper committee to which it had
been referred, and passed to another committee,
and brought up here in advance of the hundreds
and thousands ofjust and legal claims now pend-
ing on your Calendar, but which cannot be passed
because the House has not time for their consid-
eration. Sir, 1 call the yeas and nays upon the
passage of the bill. If it is to pass, I want my
vote iccorded against it; and it other gentlemen
are m favor of passing such a bill as this, and
especially in advance ofjust and legal claims, let
them come up and place themselves on record.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from New York whether he intends the
language "surreptitiously smuggled" as applying
to any member of the Post Office Committee I
Mr. PALMER. Oh, no; I did not intend to
apply it to anybody in particular. I used it be-
cause I cannot find that anybody knows how it
came before the Post'Office Committee.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. It came regularly
before the committee.
Mr. PALMER. The chairman of the com-
mittee just stated he did not know how it came
there.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
from New York will suspend a moment, I think
a single explanation will show how this bill has
reached its present stage of progress. As I un-
derstood it, the bill originally came from the Sen-
ate through the action of the Post Office Com-
mittee in the Senate. It was placed upon your
table here; and upon the House going to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, it was taken from the
Speaker's table and referred, as I supposed, to
the Post Office Committee. That, however, did
not prove to be the fact. It was, in fact, referred
to the Judiciary Committee. The Judiciary Com-
mittee acted upon the bill, and reported adversely.
That report was laid upon the table.
At a subsequent period of time, one of the gen-
tleman interested in the claim, and whom I be-
lieved to be entirely reliable, stated to me that there
was newly discovered evidence which would give
a new aspect to the claim, and asked me to have
the adverse report taken from the table and re-
ferred to the Post Office Committee. I consented
to do so; and m open House I made the motion,
which was acceded to by the House; and the
bill was taken from the table and referred to the
Post Office Committee, upon the allegation that
newly-discovered testimony would be produced.
Whether there has been any new testimony pro-
duced before the Post Office Committee or not, I
am not aware. I simply state, in addition, that
I have not conferred with any member of the Post
Office Committee upon the subject.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, i had almost made
up my mind to oppose, at this stage of our pro-
ceedings, any bill for piivate relief; but, looking
to the one now under consideration, I merely wish
to state that it seems to me eminently just, and
it will receive, my sanction and cordial support.
Mr. HICKMAN. Without undertaking to en-
ter into the merits of this bill, it is sufficient for
me to say that 1 object to this kind of practice in
the House. This bill was disposed of by the Ju-
diciary Committee, so far as that committee could
dispose of it. And if the gentleman from New
"York, or any other gentleman, was dissatisfied
with the action of that committee in the case, the
proper course, in my judgment, would have been
to have brought the matter before the House for
the final action which they invoked. It is not
necessary for me to designate the steps taken in
transferring the jurisdiction of the case to another
committee in this House as surreptitious; it is
enough to say they were new, unusual, and unfair.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is no bill of a private
nature, which has come before the Judiciary for
their consideration, which has received more de-
liberation or careful investigation than this very
bill. It has been considered, according- to my
recollection, at least three or four times upon the
application of the gentlemen themselves who are
interested in this bill, and in every instance it was
disposed of adversely to their prayer. The bill
has been taken from the Speaker's table, as I am
now told, under the pretext—or, if that be too harsh
a word, under the allegation—that new evidence
has been discovered which will go to the relief of
the petitioners. What the nature of that newly-
discoveied evidence may be, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cochrane] has not condescended
to inform us. Nay, I think hehasadmitted,this
morning, that he knows of no such evidence.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will say that I did not state the
nature of the newly-discovered evidence, for the
leason that I was not then, and am not now,
! aware of its nature. I stated, most distinctly, that
J I r< ceived it upon the credibility of the gentleman
j who informed me.
| Mr. HICKMAN. Then, Mr. Sneaker,no new
evidence has been discovered, and the case stands
at this moment precisely as it stood when it was
considered these different times by the Judiciary
Committee, and received the judgment of that
committer. I do not speak of my own,opinion,
but in the judgment of that committee—and I
might say, perhaps, in the view of each individ-
ual member of the committee—it was a case en-
tirely devoid of all merit, without legal defense and
standing, devoid of equity. I say this case, hav-
ing been over and over again before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, is brought up in violation
of all the proper precedents of this House, and
put before another committee, because the per-
sons favorable to the bill knew beforehand what
the action of that committee would be upon the
claim. I do not state this recklessly, because our
committee were implored, time and again, when
these different actions were had upon the claim,
to report it back to the House, and have it re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, because they would report favorably
upon the bill.
Now, sir, if that is to be the standard of legis-
lation in this House upon private bills, all that is
necessary to do is to find some committee which
will report favorably upon them, and then pass
them through the House. Sir, I enter my decided
protest against this manner of doing business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the special order being the report of the
committee of thirty-three 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the House
to indulge me in reply to the gentleman who was
last upon the floor. He has aspersed the com-
mittee of which I am a member.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have an
opportunity in the morning.
Mr. SPINNER. Is not this private bill day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
special order will override the general order of the
day, which is the consideration of private bills.
The special order was made by a two-thirds vote,
and does not except private bill days.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I must again ask
the indulgence of the House for two or three min-
utes, to reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who has made a charge against my com-
mittee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
REUBEN 110WL2SY.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, reported back :
the claim of Reuben Rowley, and inoved that it
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary y
Pensions.
It was so ordered.
SOLDIERS AT FORT SUMTER.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, a bill for the relief of the soldiers
at Fort Sumter, and that it be printed and recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope that
the regular order of business will be observed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
that the regular order of business is the special
order, being the report of the select committee
of thirty-three. That is the question now before
the House; and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Nelson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NELSON. 1 have consented to yield the
floor for five minutes to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Craig;] but I will not yield to any
other person.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
the gentleman's yielding to anybody.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Gentlemen on the
other side are willing, then, to let slander go out
against one of the standing committees of the
House unrebuked—without an opportunity af-
forded for even a brief defense of the committee.
I want the cure to go out with the poison.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed, objection being made.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
one of its clerks, Mr. Patton, informing the
House that that body had passed an act (Hf.R.
No. 507) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to issue a land warrant to Daniel Davis; and an
act (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Sampson
Stun fill, without amendment; and
